Sarah Clara Smith

Sarah Clara Smith (1851–1947) was an American teacher and missionary from New York state. She started Smith Girls' School (now called Hokusei Gakuen Girls Junior High/High School ( "Hokusei Gakuen Joshi Chugaku Koutou Gakkou") in 1887 in Sapporo, Japan.

Smith came to Tokyo in 1880 with her missionary group, Association of Presbyterian Mission International. In 1883, she became sick from the weather, so she went north to Sapporo, Hokkaido. She became healthy again because the weather was like the weather in New York.

Smith wanted to start a Christian school in Sapporo because it was a new town. Sapporo didn't have many churches then. But her group didn't give her money, so she went to Hakodate. Hakodate was bigger than Sapporo. In 1886, she got an English teaching job at the Public Teacher’s College of Sapporo. The next year, she could start a Christian school by herself. It was called Smith Girls' School ( "Sumisu Joshi Gakkou").

In the Meiji Era (1868–1912), Hokkaido was a new land in Japan. Also the land was big, so there were many farms. Most schools were farming schools. Smith Girls' School had some farming and Christian education. In 1890, Smith introduced lilacs to Sapporo from the United States. Now, lilac is the official tree of Sapporo and the city has a lilac festival every year in downtown Odori Park.

UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying Group D

This page shows the standings and results for Group D of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying tournament.

Key:

UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying Group F

This page shows the standings and results for Group F of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying tournament.

Key:

Gastroenterology

Gastroenterology is a special type of medicine. It is about the digestive system. Diseases of the gastrointestinal tract are the focus. The tract includes the organs from mouth to anus.

Physicians in this type of medicine are called gastroenterologists. 

Great Observatories program

The Great Observatories program is four large, powerful space-based telescopes. They are a series of satellites placed by NASA. Each Space observatory has been important to astronomy.





House of Usher

House of Usher is a 1960 American International Pictures horror movie. It stars Vincent Price, Myrna Fahey, Mark Damon, and Harry Ellerbee. The movie was directed by Roger Corman. The screenplay was written by Richard Matheson. It is based on the short story "The Fall of the House of Usher" by Edgar Allan Poe.

"House of Usher" was the first of eight Corman movies based on Poe's stories. The movie is also known as "Fall of the House of Usher" and "The Mysterious House of Usher". In 2005, the movie was listed with the United States National Film Registry as being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."

Alberto Sordi

Alberto Sordi (15 June 1920 – 24 February 2003) was an Italian actor, voice actor, singer, composer, comedian, director and screenwriter.Sordi won seven David di Donatello awards. It is Italy's most honorable movie award. He also received a Golden Lion for lifetime achievement at the Venice Film Festival in 1995. He also won a Golden Globe Award.

Jessica Cauffiel

Jessica Cauffiel (born March 30, 1976) is an American actress and singer. She works in movies and television. She played Tatiana in the television series "My Name Is Earl". She also played Margot in the comedy movie "Legally Blonde".

The Saga of the Viking Women and Their Voyage to the Waters of the Great Sea Serpent

The Saga of the Viking Women and Their Voyage to the Waters of the Great Sea Serpent is a 1957 movie. It is also known as "The Viking Women and the Sea Serpent". It was directed by Roger Corman. It stars Abby Dalton, Susan Cabot, and June Kenney. The movie is about Viking women who build a ship to search for their missing menfolk.

Annie Parisse

Anne Marie Cancelmi (better known as Annie Parisse; born July 31, 1975) is an American television and movie actress. She also does stage plays. She played Alexandra Borgia in the television drama "Law & Order".

Cancelmi was born in Anchorage, Alaska.

Blu Cantrell

Tiffany Cobb (also known as Blu Cantrell; born March 16, 1976) is an American singer-songwriter and a musician who has carried several hit singles. She released a debut album, "So Blu", near 2001 which was a hit. Other albums then followed. Cantrell was born in Charleston, West Virginia.

Angela Davis

Angela Yvonne Davis (born January 26, 1944 in Birmingham, Alabama) is an African American political activist and author. She first became famous because she was a prominent member of the Communist Party of the United States (CPUSA) and was involved in Black Power movements in the 1960s and 1970s. Since then she has become known for her work as a writer and speaker while teaching at the University of California. She has done research in the areas of feminism and critical theory and is a prison abolitionist.

Davis grew up in Alabama, then went to college at Brandeis University and University of California, San Diego. She was involved in activism from her youth. After becoming a Doctor of Philosophy in Germany, she returned to the US and began teaching as a professor. In 1969, she was fired from teaching for being a member of the Communist Party. A judge decided it was an illegal firing and the school eventually hired her back.

In 1970 she was put in prison by FBI agents. Some black revolutionaries tried to break their allies out of prison by kidnapping a white judge and some jurors in Marin County, but the police didn't let them get away and the revolutionaries and judge were shot to death. The FBI suspected that she bought the gun one of the revolutionaries used and decided to accuse her of the murder of the judge. In 1971 she appeared at the Marin County Superior Court and said, "I now declare publicly before the court, before the people of this country that I am innocent of all charges which have been leveled against me by the state of California." She was released from jail in 1972. Ronald Reagan said that she should never be allowed to teach at a California university. The English rock band The Rolling Stones recorded a song called "Sweet Black Angel" that was on their 1972 album "Exile on Main St." and dedicated to Davis.

In the 1990s, she left the Communist Party and began to focus her activism on prisons. She gave a speech in 1997 called "The Prison Industrial Complex". In it she said "prisons are becoming an integral part of the US economy." She said that fear of young people of color was being exploited to create a fast-growing industry, the prison-industrial complex (PIC). She created a prison abolitionist group called Critical Resistance in the same year. She wants there to be no prisons or police because she believes that the US prison system is more like a new form of slavery than a criminal justice system.

Since she started focusing on prisons, she has also supported Democrats like Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Joe Biden in presidential elections.

Davis is Distinguished Professor Emerita at the University of California, Santa Cruz.

She was married to Hilton Braithwaite in the 1980s.


Connie Booth

Connie Booth (born December 2, 1940, Indianapolis, Indiana) is an American actress, writer and psychotherapist. She has appeared on British and American television. She played Polly Sherman in the popular 1970s sitcom "Fawlty Towers". Booth ended her acting career 1995. She began working as a psychotherapist in the late 1990s.

Booth married John Cleese in 1968. Their daughter, actress Cynthia Cleese, was born in 1971. The couple divorced in 1978. Booth has been married to critic John Lahr since 2000.

Little Iodine

Little Iodine was a popular comic strip published in the United States on Sundays. It was created by Jimmy Hatlo. It was published from 1943 until 1985.

The story is about a girl called "Little Iodine". She first appeared in an earlier comic strip by Hatlo, called "They'll Do It Every Time". She was the daughter of the strip's main character, Henry Tremblechin. She constantly annoyed her father with pranks and practical jokes. The character of Iodine became very popular, so Hatlo promoted the character into her own strip in 1943.

Iodine's antics were on the Sunday comics page for over forty years. It came before "Dennis the Menace". From 1943 to 1963, "Little Iodine" was written and drawn by Hatlo.

A movie based on the comic strip was released in 1946. It was by Comet Productions. The 56-minute movie stars Jo Ann Marlowe as Little Iodine, Hobart Cavanaugh as her father Henry, and Irene Ryan as her mother Cora.
In the movie, Iodine thinks that her mother is having an affair with Professor Simkins (played by Leon Belasco). She tries one antic after another to break up the couple. Her efforts backfire when they cause conflict between her father and his employer, Mr. Bigdome (Emory Parnell).

The movie was planned to be released earlier than October 20, 1946 (its actual distribution date), but that date was delayed due to an epidemic of polio that prevented children across the United States from attending movies. The movie is believed to be lost.


LisaGay Hamilton

LisaGay Hamilton (born March 25, 1964 in Los Angeles) is an American actress, movie director and producer. She has performed in movies, television shows and theater. She played Rebecca Washington in the ABC drama series "The Practice" and Sethe in the 1998 movie "Beloved". She also had other performances on the stage.

<br>

Hassan Rouhani

Hassan Rouhani (, also transliterated "Ruhani", "Rohani", "Rowhani"; born Hassan Feridon ; 12 November 1948) is an Iranian politician, Mujtahid, lawyer, academic and diplomat, who was the President of Iran from 2013 until 2021. He has been a member of the Assembly of Experts since 1999, member of the Expediency Council since 1991, member of the Supreme National Security Council since 1989, and head of the Center for Strategic Research since 1992.

Rouhani has been also deputy speaker of the 4th and 5th terms of the Islamic Consultative Assembly (Majlis) and secretary of the Supreme National Security Council from 1989 to 2005. In the later capacity, he was also heading Iran's former nuclear negotiating team and was the country's top negotiator with the EU three – UK, France, and Germany – on Iran's nuclear program.

On 7 May 2013, Rouhani registered for the presidential election that was held on 14 June 2013. He said that, if elected, he will prepare a "civil rights charter", restore the economy and improve rocky relations with the West. As early vote counts began coming in, Rouhani took a large lead. He was elected as President of Iran on 15 June, defeating Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf. He took office on 3 August 2013.

Mujtahid

A mutjahid is a person qualified to decide in cases of Islamic law.

Transistor radio

A Transistor radio is a radio receiver which uses transistors to amplify the sound. Transistor radios can be cheap and small and some use very little electric power. Some can amplify the weak radio waves that are usually not picked up by weaker vacuum tube radios. Transistor radio broadcasting receivers for portable use were sold in great numbers starting in the late 1950s. Soon, vacuum tube radios became rare. 

Cargo aircraft

A cargo aircraft is an aircraft that can carry cargo. In some cases, it may also carry passengers.

Civilian cargo aircraft carry cargo or mail. This is generally a kind of airliner, designed for passengers but modified for cargo. Some civilians cargo aircraft are specially equipped for carrying oversized cargo such as aircraft wings, tank-trucks, rocket pieces, or sometimes military heavy trucks and tanks.


Military transport aircraft can carry cargo and passengers. Passengers are usually troops, including paratroopers. The seats are usually simple. These aircraft typically have a sloping loading door at the rear of the fuselage for quick loading and unloading. Some use turbojets, others use turboprop engines.



Subwoofer

Subwoofer is a type of loudspeaker that is designed to produce low frequencies, example 20 - 200 Hz. Usually subwoofers are quite big and heavy. Frequencies below 20hz are typically not able to be heard. In some cases, with enough sound pressure, the listener will not hear the sound but will be able to feel it.

Clipboard (computing)

The clipboard is the part of a computer's memory that can be used to temporarily store something when users copy. Users can paste the copied data to another place. It is used in copy and paste operations in computing.

Liquor store

Liquor stores are retail shops which sell prepackaged alcoholic beverages, such as beer, wine, and spirits. Each country had different laws and regulations on liquor stores.

Liquor stores, like grocery stores, are essential businesses, meaning that they remained open during the COVID-19 pandemic. The reason they are essential businesses is because people who have alcohol use disorder consume alcohol to avoid withdrawal symptoms.

Hoag's object

Hoag's object is a ring galaxy. The galaxy is named after Arthur Allen Hoag who discovered it in 1950. He identified it as either a planetary nebula or an unusual galaxy. The object has about eight billion stars, and is ~600 million light-years away in the constellation Serpens.

A nearly perfect ring of young hot blue stars circles the older yellow nucleus of this ring galaxy. The inner core of the galaxy is about (), while the surrounding ring has an inner 28″ diameter of () and an outer 45″ diameter of (), which is slightly larger than the Milky Way Galaxy. The gap separating the two stellar populations may contain some star clusters that are almost too faint to see.

As rare as this type of galaxy is, another more distant,reddish (and unnamed) ring galaxy can be seen through Hoag's object, between the nucleus and the outer ring of the galaxy, at roughly the one o'clock position in the picture to the right.

Art Hoag suggested the visible ring was a product of gravitational lensing. This idea was later discarded: the nucleus and the ring have the same redshift, and the ring shows knotty structure which would not be visible with gravitational lensing.

Many of the details of the galaxy remain a mystery, especially how it formed. "Classic" ring galaxies are usually formed by the collision of a small galaxy with a larger disk-shaped galaxy. This collision produces a density wave in the disk which leads to a characteristic ring-like appearance. Such an event, 2–3 billion years in the past, may have formed polar-ring galaxies. However, there is no sign of any second galaxy which would have acted as the "bullet", and the core of Hoag's object has a very low velocity relative to the ring, making the typical formation hypothesis unlikely.

Noah Brosch suggested that Hoag's object might be a product of an extreme "bar instability" which occurred a few billion years ago in a barred spiral galaxy. Schweizer "et al" claims that this is unlikely because the nucleus of the object is spheroidal, whereas the nucleus of a barred spiral galaxy is disc-shaped. However, evidence is somewhat thin for this dispute to be settled. A few other galaxies share the characteristics of Hoag's object, including the bright detached ring of stars, but their centers are elongated or barred, and they may exhibit some spiral structure While none match Hoag's object in symmetry, this handful of galaxies are known to some as Hoag-type galaxies.

Forest Hill, London

Forest Hill is an area of the London Borough of Lewisham in south London.

Like much of London, Forest Hill was only sparsely populated until the mid-19th century. The name Forest Hill, originally simply "The Forest", referred to the woodland which once covered the area and which was a part of the Great North Wood. 

Lainie Kazan

Lainie Kazan (born May 15, 1940 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American actress and singer. She has acted in many movies and plays. Her first Broadway play was "The Happiest Girl in the World" in 1961. Her movies include "Married to the Mob" in 1988.


William White

William White (b. unknown – February 1621) White was a "Mayflower" passenger who settled in Plymouth Colony in 1620 and signed the Mayflower Compact. He was born in England and died in the winter of 1621, in Plymouth Colony.

White married Susanna in about 1615, and their son, Resolved, was born soon after. They became passengers on the "Mayflower" which left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. They also took with them two servants, William Holbeck and Edward Thompson. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in the Colony of Virginia, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at what is now known as Provincetown Harbor. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other.

White's second son, Peregrine White, was born on the "Mayflower", while it was anchored at Cape Cod. He was the first English child born in Plymouth Colony. White and his servants, Holbeck and Thompson died soon after landing, in early 1621.

White's widow, Susanna, married Edward Winslow in May 1621, which made her the first Plymouth Colony bride. Winslow had also been a "Mayflower" passenger and later became the second governor of Plymouth Colony. Together they had five children. She and Winslow are buried in the Winslow Cemetery.

Resolved White married Judith Vassall, the daughter of William Vassall.
Peregrine White married Sarah Bassett, daughter of William Bassett.

Haredi Judaism

Haredi ( ') is the most conservative form of Orthodox Judaism and is known as Ultra-Orthodox Judaism

Haredi Judaism consists of many spiritual and cultural groups, and is divided into Hasidic sects with streams from Eastern Europe and Sephardic Haredim. The two are different in many aspects, including their beliefs, lifestyles, religious practice and philosophy, and isolation from the general culture where they live.

Most Haredi Jews currently live in Israel, North America and Western Europe. Their population is growing very fast due to a high birth rate. It doubles every 12 to 20 years. 

The estimates of the number of Haredim in the entire world are difficult to measure, because the definition of the word may or may not apply to some people. In addition there has been a lack of data collection and rapid change over time. One newspaper article estimated there were approximately 1.3 million Haredi Jews as of 2011.

The Me'a She'arim neighbourhood in Jerusalem is mainly populated by Haredi Jews.


Modern Orthodox Judaism

Modern Orthodox Judaism (also Modern Orthodox or Modern Orthodoxy) is a movement within Orthodox Judaism. It tries to mix Jewish values from the halakha with the secular, more modern world.

There are different forms of Modern Orthodoxy. In Israel, for example, Modern Orthodoxy is dominated by Religious Zionism. Although they are not the same, these movements share many of the same values and many of the same people following them.

Yeshiva University

Yeshiva University is a Jewish private university in New York City. It has six campuses in New York City and one in Israel. The university was founded in 1886. It is a research university.

Its campuses and schools include Yeshiva College, Stern College for Women, Syms School of Business, Albert Einstein College of Medicine and the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law.

Roger Corman

Roger Corman (born April 5, 1926) is an American movie director, producer, and actor. He made dozens of low-budget B-movies such as "Swamp Women" (1955), "The Little Shop of Horrors" (1960), and "The Saga of the Viking Women and Their Voyage to the Waters of the Great Sea Serpent".

He is best known for six movies based on the short stories of Edgar Allan Poe that include "House of Usher" (1960), "The Pit and the Pendulum" (1961), and "The Masque of the Red Death" (1964).

Swamp Women

Swamp Women is a 1955 low-budget B-movie directed by Roger Corman. It stars Beverly Garland, Carole Mathews, Mike Connors, and Marie Windsor. The movie is about an undercover police officer who joins three escaped female convicts in a search for diamonds in the Louisiana swamps.

Loretta King

Loretta King (August 20, 1917 – September 10, 2007) was an American actress. She was born in Phoenix, Arizona. Her movie career was brief. She is best known for her appearance in Ed Wood's "Bride of the Monster" (1955). She married Herman Hadler in 1970. She died in Century City, California. King was portrayed in Tim Burton's 1994 bio-pic, "Ed Wood", by actress Juliet Landau.


Uluburun

Uluburun is a sunken shipwreck that dates to the late 14th century BC. It was found in 1982 off the coast of south-western Turkey. It was found by chance by a scuba diver. The ship was 20 meters long and could carry up to 20 tons. Uluburun is the name of the cape where it was found nearby Kaş.

Illinois Executive Mansion

The Illinois Executive Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Illinois. It is at 410 E. Jackson Street in Springfield, Illinois and is open to tours on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings, free of charge. The Georgian style Mansion was designed by Chicago architect John M. Van Osdel. The Mansion was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

The 16-room manor was completed in 1855 and was first occupied by governor Joel Aldrich Matteson, who held the official grand opening on January 10, 1856. It is the oldest historic residence in the state of Illinois and one of the three oldest continuously-occupied governor's mansions in the United States. In 2011, a multimillion dollar renovation was planned because the last repairs to the mansion were in 1971. 


JibJab

JibJab is a website created by Evan and Gregg Spiridellis in 1999. JibJab was noticed in the 2004 U.S. presidential election with their video of George W. Bush and John Kerry singing "This Land is your Land" became so popular. The company creates original content. It has three main sections on the website: eCards; "Everyday Fun Sendables" such as funny videos; and "Originals," including "This Land," "Time for Some Campaignin'," and "Big Box Mart."

JibJab has also produced commercials for clients like Sony, Noggin, Disney and Cartoon Network.

JibJab made a flash movie for the 2000 United States presidential election in July 2000, which featured a rap battle between the two main candidates, Vice President Al Gore and Texas governor George W. Bush. Presidents Bill Clinton and George H. W. Bush also make cameos.

In 2003, JibJab made a flash movie making fun of Arnold Schwarzenegger running for governor of California.

For the 2004 United States presidential election, JibJab made a flash movie entitled "This Land", which is a parody of This Land Is Your Land. The two main candidates, President George W. Bush and US Senator John Kerry are the main stars. The parody was very popular.

JibJab followed up with another animation set to the tune of Dixie. In this video, animated versions of Bush, Kerry, and their running mates, Dick Cheney and John Edwards, singing about their hopes for the upcoming election.

Immediately after Bush's election victory, JibJab released a third video, "Second Term", in the tune of She'll be Coming 'Round the Mountain.

For the 2008 United States presidential election, JibJab released another animation. It is in the tune of Bob Dylan's The Times They Are a-Changin. Animated versions of the two main candidates, US Senators Barack Obama and John McCain, sing about their hopes for the election.

Upon Obama's election victory and him taking power, JibJab released another animation, where they showed Obama as a superhero. The music is a rock version of When Johnny Comes Marching Home, and it is about Obama's promises as President.

JibJab did not make another animation and instead focused on their e-card business. However, an election web-app released in October of that year.

JibJab started the tradition of making animations reviewing the events that happened each year, with an animation released between Christmas and New Year's Eve, sung to all classic melodies. The tradition originally lasted from 2005 to 2014, however JibJab revived the tradition in 2020 due to popular demand.

This is a parody of the songs Auld Lang Syne and Turkey in the Straw, and is sung in the perspective of George W. Bush. The events mentioned include:

This is a parody of Jingle Bells sung in an elementary-school Christmas concert. Notable events mentioned include:

This is a parody of Billy Joel's We Didn't Start the Fire, portrayed by angels, who were afraid God would be upsetted by the year's tragic events and would rather sugar-coat it in the song. Notable events mentioned include:

This is a parody of Miss Suzie sang by Baby New Year 2008. Notable events mentioned include

This is a parody of The Entertainer. Notable events mentioned include

This is a parody of The Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze portrayed by Barack Obama and Joe Biden. Notable events mentioned include:

This is a parody of My Bonnie Lies Over The Ocean. Notable events mentioned include:

This is a parody of Down By The Riverside portrayed by Mayans. Notable events mentioned include:

This is a parody of Give My Regards To Broadway. Notable events mentioned include:

This is a parody of Beethoven's 9th Symphony. Notable events mentioned include: 

This is an original song. Notable events mentioned include: 

Jewish ethics

Jewish ethics refers to the philosophical tradition of ethics in Judaism. 

Like other types of laws and values in other religions, the subject of Jewish ethics tries to provide answers for many moral questions. It has gone through major changes over the past 2000 years. The halakha addresses many problems that are related to all kinds of ethics.



Lancaster University

Lancaster University is a British university in Lancaster, Lancashire, England. It consistently rated among the top universities in the United Kingdom for research and teaching. It is ranked in the top one percent of universities in the world. All students are a member of a college. There are eight undergraduate colleges and a ninth college for postgraduates.

Jews as the chosen people

The Jewish belief of Jews as a chosen people is that Jews are the chosen people of God. Some Jews believe that God has given them a special job to repair the world and make it a better place. According to this view, they must use the things in the world to increase good and come closer to God, and as God’s partner in repairing the world – to find ways to lessen suffering of people and animals, to make more peace and respect between people, and to protect the earth’s environment from destruction. This process is known as “"tikkun olam"” (from Hebrew) – repairing the world. 

This origin of the idea in the Torah (the first five books of the Tanakh, which are also included in the Christian Bible). Much is written about these topics in rabbinic literature:

According to Judaism, God made an agreement called a “covenant” with Abraham, the ancestor of the Jewish people. The Bible says that God promised to bless Abraham and his descendants if they worshipped God and were faithful to him. God made this covenant with Abraham's son, Isaac, and with Isaac's son, Jacob. God also gave Jacob another name – Israel. This is how Jacob’s descendants got the name the “Children of Israel” or “Israelites.” The Jewish religion, God later gave the Israelites the Torah to the Israelites through their leader, Moses. The Torah told the Israelites how to live and build their community. God gave the Israelites the Ten Commandments and other laws in the Torah.

The Jews are sometimes called the “Chosen People" because the Bible says God told them “you will be to Me a kingdom of priests and a holy nation” (Exodus 19:6) and “For you are a holy people to the Lord your God, and the Lord chose you to be His own special nation out of all peoples on the earth” (Deuteronomy 14:2). Religious Jews ("orthodox") understand this means that they have special duties and responsibilities commanded by God - for example, that they must build a just society and serve only God. They believe that this covenant works in two ways: if they follow God’s laws, He will give them his love and protection, but they are also responsible for their sins – bad actions – and not doing what God told them. Religious Jews believe that they must teach other people that God exists and that God wants all people to do good actions. Jews believe that their job in the world is to be "a light to the nations" (Isiah 49:6) by showing the people of the world ways to make the world a better place.

The idea of chosenness has traditionally been interpreted by Jews in two ways: one way is that God chose the Israelites, while the other is that the Israelites chose God. Another opinion is that even though the Jews chose to follow God, the Kabbalah and Tanya teach that even prior to creation, the "Jewish soul" was already chosen. However, Jews do not believe that being a member of the Chosen People gives them any special talents or makes them better than anyone else, and many of whose who are considered "Jewish" (especially secular/(non-religious ones) do not believe they are "Chosen" in any way at all. 

Jews generally do not try to convince other people to believe in Judaism. Jews believe they have a special job to show all peoples that God exists, but people do not have to be Jewish to follow God. All people can serve God by following the Seven Commandments (rules) given to Noah. But, Judaism accepts people who choose to change their religion to Judaism. 

The Jewish people have a special status in the Islamic book, the Quran:
O children of Israel, remember my favor which I bestowed upon you, and that I favored you above all creation. (Qur'an 2:47). 2:122).

Many Christians also believe that the Jews were God's chosen people (), but because of Jewish rejection of Jesus, the Christians in turn received that special status (). This doctrine is known as Supersessionism.


Musar movement

The Musar movement is a Jewish ethical, educational and cultural movement. It developed in the 19th century in Eastern Europe, particularly among Orthodox Lithuanian Jews.

The Hebrew term "Musar" (), is from the book of "Proverbs" 1:2. It means moral conduct, instruction or discipline. The movement made important contributions to Jewish ethics and Musar literature.

Carter Hutton

Carter Hutton (born December 19, 1985, in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played parts of 10 seasons in the the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Nashville Predators, St. Louis Blues, Buffalo Sabres and the Arizona Coyotes

Before he played in the AHL and NHL, Hutton played 4 seasons in the University of Massachusetts Lowell with the River Hawks. He has also played in the AHL with the Adirondack Phantoms for 4 games and the Worcester Sharks for 22 games.

On August 1, 2011, the Rockford IceHogs signed Hutton as an unrestricted free agent. He was called up by the Blackhawks to replace Ray Emery who was out with an illness and played his first game in the NHL on March 26, 2012. On July 5, 2013, Hutton signed a one-year, two-way contract worth $550,000 with the Nashville Predators.

On June 14, 2022, Hutton announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey.


Ketuvim

Ketuvim (in Biblical Hebrew: "writings") is the third and final section of the Tanakh (Hebrew Bible), after Torah (instruction) and Nevi'im (prophets). It includes: 













Crest (feathers)

The crest, in some cases called a crown, of a bird, is a group of feathers that some species of birds have on top of the head. The feathers of these crests can move up and down or be permanently up, depending of the species. For example, the crests of cockatoos and the hoopoe could be up or down but the feathers in the crest of the grey crowned crane are always up.

Crests on birds are generally used for display purposes. Birds with crests often use them to communicate with others and as a part of their courtship. They also tend to display their crests when they are frightened or ready to fight because the birds may appear larger than they really are.

Cockatoos and their smaller cousins, cockatiels, are part of the Cacatuidae family of parrots found in Australia, the Bismarck Archipelago and the Philippines, and are probably the most recognizable birds to feature crests. Cockatoos and cockatiels possess crests which may be raised or lowered at will. Their crests are used to communicate with fellow members of their species, or as a form of defense to frighten away other species that approach too closely, making the bird appear larger when the crest is suddenly and unexpectedly raised.


Chumash (Judaism)

The Hebrew term Chumash (also Ḥumash, ) is a term for "Torah" in printed form, unlike the Torah scroll.

The word comes from the Hebrew word for five, "" (). A more formal term is "Ḥamishah Ḥumshei Torah", meaning "five fifths of Torah". It is a Hebrew name for the Five Books of Moses, also known by the Latinised Greek term Pentateuch in common printed editions. The five books are: Beraishis (Genesis), Shemot (Exodus), Vayikra (Leviticus), Bamidbar (Numbers), and Devarim (Deuteronomy).


James Holshouser

James Eubert Holshouser, Jr. (October 8, 1934 – June 17, 2013) was the Governor of the state of North Carolina from 1973 to 1977 for the Republican.

Holshouser was born on October 8, 1934 in Boone, North Carolina. He studied at Davidson College. Holshouser was married to Patricia Ann Hollingsworth until his death in 2013. They had no children. Holshouser died on June 17, 2013 in Pinehurst, North Carolina, aged 78.


Amitabh Bachchan

Amitabh Harivansh Bachchan is an Indian movie actor. He has been in over 200 Indian movies in more than forty years. Bachchan is widely thought of as one of the greatest and most influential actors in the history of Indian cinema.

Bachchan has won many major awards in his career. His awards include three National Film Awards as Best Actor and fourteen Filmfare Awards. 

Bachchan made his Hollywood debut in 2013 with "The Great Gatsby".



Peride Celal

Peride Celal Yönsel (June 10, 1916 – June 15, 2013), commonly known as Peride Celal or Peride Celâl was a Turkish novelist and story-writer.

Celal was born in İstanbul, Ottoman Empire on June 10, 1916. She completed her high school education in Samsun and at the French curriculum Lycée Saint Pulchérie in İstanbul. Celal spent most of her childhood in Anatolia. She had one daughter, Zeynep Ergun.

Peride Celal died on June 15, 2013, but it was announced two days later by her family.

In 1977, she was honored for her novel "Üç Yirmi Dört Saat" with the Turkish Sedat Simavi Literature Award along with Fazıl Hüsnü Dağlarca. The "1991 Orhan Kemal Novel Prize" was bestowed on Peride Celal for her novel "Kurtlar".

In 1996, Selim İleri published a book titled "Present to Peride Celal" (Peride Celal’e Armağan) edited by 19 Turkish authors.

Bourvil

André Bourvil was a French actor and singer. He was born with the name André Robert Raimbourg. He is best known for his roles in comedy movies. He worked with Louis de Funès in the movies "Le Corniaud" (1965) and "La Grande Vadrouille" (1966). 

He won a Special Diploma at the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.

Monster on the Campus

Monster on the Campus is 1958 sci fi horror movie. It was directed by Jack Arnold. The screenplay was written by David Duncan. The story is about a professor (Arthur Franz) who terrorizes a college campus when he is turned into a Neanderthal monster after coming into contact with the irradiated blood of a coelacanth. Troy Donahue appears as college student Jimmy Flanders. Nancy Walters plays his girlfriend.


Claudia Cardinale

Claudia Cardinale is an Italian actress. She was in some of the most famous European movies of the 1960s and 1970s. Most of Cardinale's movies have been Italian or French.

Cardinale has been honoured at nearly every major movie festival. She has been given lifetime achievement awards from festivals in Canada, France, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Turkey, Armenia, Russia, Bulgaria, Egypt, Tunisia, Morocco, Australia, the UK and US. The "Los Angeles Times Magazine" named Cardinale among the 50 most beautiful women in movie history.

Lara Lor-Van

Lara-El (née Lara Lor-Van) is a fictional character who appears in Superman comics published by DC Comics. Lara is the biological mother of Superman, and the wife of scientist Jor-El. Lara was played by Ayelet Zurer in the 2013 Superman movie "Man of Steel". 

Dominique Wilkins

Jacques Dominique Wilkins (born January 12, 1960) is an American former basketball player. He played for the Boston Celtics and Atlanta Hawks in the NBA. Wilkins was born in Paris, France. He was raised in North Carolina.

The Monolith Monsters

The Monolith Monsters is a 1957 sci fi horror movie. It was directed by John Sherwood and stars Grant Williams and Lola Albright. It was based on a short story by Jack Arnold and Robert M. Fresco. Fresco and Norman Jolley wrote the screenplay. Troy Donahue and "The Donna Reed Show" regular Paul Petersen have uncredited roles.

A meteor crashes near the desert town of San Angelo. Fragments are scattered everywhere. They grow into skyscraper-sized monoliths. These monsters fall and shatter into thousands of pieces that grow into monoliths themselves. People are crushed or turned into statues.


Kirby Puckett

Anthony Kirby Puckett (more often known simply as Kirby Puckett; March 14, 1960 - March 6, 2006) was an American baseball player. He was born in Chicago. He played for the Minnesota Twins from 1984 to 1995. He had many home run hits and doubles. He retired because of bad vision in one eye. Kirby died on March 6, 2006 in Phoenix, Arizona from a hemorrhagic stroke.

Dorothy Stratten

Dorothy Stratten (or Dorothy Ruth Hoogstraten; February 28, 1960 - August 14, 1980) was a Canadian model and actress. She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. She later moved to Los Angeles. She appeared in three comedy movies and several television series. She was also "Playboy" Playmate of the Month in August 1979 and Playmate of the Year in 1980. Stratten was shot dead in Los Angeles by her estranged husband Paul Snider, who committed suicide the same day.

Astrodynamics

Astrodynamics is a part of physics that deals with movement in space. It is a branch of mechanics dealing with orbits. It is related to celestial mechanics.


Theory of the Earth

Theory of the Earth was a publication by James Hutton which laid the foundations for geology. In it he showed that the Earth is the product of natural forces. What could be seen happening today, over long periods of time, could produce what we see in the rocks. This idea, uniformitarianism, was a major step in the History of the geologic time scale. It was used by Charles Lyell in his work, and Lyell's textbook was an important influence on Charles Darwin.

Hutton recognized that rocks record the evidence of the past action of processes which still operate today. He also anticipated natural selection, as follows:

Hutton's prose hindered his theories. John Playfair in 1802 restated of Huttton's geological ideas in clearer English. However, he left out Hutton's thoughts on evolution. Charles Lyell in the 1830s popularised the idea of an infinitely repeating cycle (of the erosion of rocks and the building up of sediment). Lyell believed in gradual change, and thought even Hutton gave too much credit to catastrophic changes.

Hutton's work was published in different forms and stages:

Kill Your Darlings

The movie Kill Your Darlings is a 2013 historic drama set in 1944. The cast includes Daniel Radcliffe as Allen Ginsberg, Jennifer Jason Leigh as Naomi and Kyra Sedgwick as Marian Carr. This movie got very positive reviews from the critics.

Accusative case

The accusative case is the grammatical case which marks the direct object of a transitive verb. This is best explained with examples:

In the sentence ""He" sees the woman", "he" is the subject of the sentence. In the sentence "The woman sees "him"", "him" is the object. 

So, in English we use different forms of the pronoun: he/him. "Him" would be the accusative case. If we use a noun, there is no difference in English. We use the same word "man": The man sees the woman" and "The woman sees the man. 

In many languages different forms of the word are used, depending on what function it has in the sentence - subject or object. 

For example, in Latin. "The man sees the woman" = "Vir feminam videt", while "The woman sees the man" = "Femina virum videt". For "man", Latin uses "vir" for the subject, and "virum" for the object. Also, in the same sentences, we have "femina" for a subject and "feminam" for object. The form used for the direct object ("him", "virum", "feminam") is known as the "accusative case", while the form used for the subject ("he", "vir", "femina") is known as the nominative case.

In some languages, like German, the accusative case is applied to the definite article and not to the noun. In German, "the car" as the subject of a sentence may be "der Wagen". This is the form in the nominative case. When "the car" is used as the object in a sentence, it becomes "den Wagen", the accusative.

Elizabeth Olsen

Elizabeth Chase Olsen (born February 16, 1989) is an American actress. She was born in Los Angeles, California. She is the younger sister of the actresses Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. She had her debut film role in the thriller "Martha Marcy May Marlene" in 2011, for which she was acclaimed and nominated for a Critics' Choice Movie Award. Olsen received a BAFTA Rising Star Award nomination and graduated from New York University two years later.

She is most known for her role as Wanda Maximoff / Scarlet Witch in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "" (2015), "" (2016), "" (2018), and "" (2019) and in the movie "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022).. She then reprised her role in the Disney+ miniseries "WandaVision" (2021) and the second season of "What If...?" (2023).

Outside of her work with Marvel, Olsen starred in the monster movie "Godzilla" (2014), the mystery movie "Wind River" (2017), and the dramedy "Ingrid Goes West" (2017). She executive produced and starred as a widow in the drama series "Sorry for Your Loss" (2018–2019), earning a nomination for a Critics' Choice Television Award. Olsen has since portrayed Candy Montgomery in the miniseries "Love & Death" (2023), for which she has been nominated for another Golden Globe Award.

Elizabeth Chase Olsen was born on February 16, 1989, in Sherman Oaks, California. Her mother, Jarnie, is a former dancer, while her father, Dave, is a real estate agent. She is the younger sister of twins Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, who became television and film actresses as children. Olsen also has an older brother, a younger half-brother, and a younger half-sister. Her parents divorced in 1996.
Olsen began acting when she was four years old, appearing in Mary-Kate and Ashley's projects, including the 1994 television film "How the West Was Fun" and the straight-to-video series "The Adventures of Mary-Kate & Ashley". As a child, she took acting classes and spent time at musical theatre camp. Olsen nearly quit pursuing acting in 2004 due to the media attention toward Mary-Kate's eating disorder. She went to Campbell Hall School in Studio City, California. Olsen attended New York University (NYU)'s Tisch School of the Arts, during which she took classes at Atlantic Theater Company and spent a semester at the Moscow Art Theatre School in Russia. She attained understudy roles in the 2008 off-Broadway production of the play "Dust" and the 2009 Broadway production of the play "Impressionism", which led to her securing an agent. Olsen graduated from NYU in January 2013.

Olsen made her film debut in the 2011 thriller film "Martha Marcy May Marlene". The film, along with her performance, received critical acclaim following its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival. Olsen earned several award nominations for her portrayal of the titular Martha, a young woman suffering from delusions after fleeing her life in a cult and returning to her family, including those for the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Actress and the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead. She attributed her interest in the character to her own fascination with mental illnesses. Olsen next appeared in the horror film "Silent House", which garnered her "rave reviews". Despite premiering at the Sundance Film Festival alongside "Martha Marcy May Marlene", it was released in 2012, during which she also starred in the thriller "Red Lights" and the comedy "Liberal Arts".

In January 2013, Olsen garnered a nomination for the BAFTA Rising Star Award at the 66th British Academy Film Awards. She played Edie Parker, novelist Jack Kerouac's first wife and the author of the Beat Generation memoir "You'll Be Okay", in the biographical drama "Kill Your Darlings". She appeared in the American remake of the 2003 South Korean film "Oldboy", playing Marie Sebastian, a nurse who helps the protagonist, played by Josh Brolin, find his daughter. That same year, she starred as the titular Juliet in an off-Broadway production of the play "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare. "The New York Times" critic Ben Brantley described her portrayal as "an open book, and a slim volume, alternating between saucy petulance and hysteria". She played the leading role in "In Secret", a film adaptation of Émile Zola's 1867 novel "Thérèse Raquin". The film was released in February 2014. Later that year, Olsen starred in the monster film "Godzilla", opposite Bryan Cranston and Aaron Taylor-Johnson, which received positive reviews and grossed $529 million against a $160 million production budget. She and Dakota Fanning co-starred as teenage girls in Brooklyn in the film "Very Good Girls", released that same year, which Josh Duboff of "Vanity Fair" characterized as unfavorably reviewed.

Olsen starred in the 2015 superhero film "", a sequel to "The Avengers", joining the Marvel Cinematic Universe media franchise and rising to fame. In the film, she portrayed Wanda Maximoff / Scarlet Witch, which marked the comic book character's film debut. She first appeared as the character in a post-credits scene of the 2014 film "", alongside Taylor-Johnson, who portrayed Scarlet Witch's brother, Pietro Maximoff / Quicksilver. Olsen played the part with an accent originating from a fictional country called Sokovia, which she described as similar to Slovakian. She reprised the role in "" (2016), "" (2018), and "" (2019), the last of which became the second highest-grossing film of all time.

Olsen portrayed Audrey Williams, the wife, manager, and duet partner of singer Hank Williams, portrayed by Tom Hiddleston, in the 2015 biographical film "I Saw the Light", directed by Marc Abraham. In 2017, she starred as a novice FBI agent in the mystery film "Wind River" and a social media influencer in the comedy-drama film "Ingrid Goes West", both of which were released in August to critical praise. "Vulture"'s David Edelstein found Olsen's "incongruously high-schoolish demeanor" in "Wind River" problematic, while Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" wrote that she gave a "major eye-opener of a performance" in "Ingrid Goes West", deeming it "toxic perfection". The following year, she appeared in the Netflix film "Kodachrome", playing a caregiver to a photographer, played by Ed Harris. Olsen executive produced and starred as a young widow named Leigh Shaw in the Facebook Watch web television series "Sorry for Your Loss", which premiered in September 2018. She said the three years it took to develop the series enabled her to immerse herself in Shaw's impulses. Critics reviewed the series positively, and Olsen's performance, which earned her a nomination for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Drama Series, was noted as "stunning", "disciplined and sharp", as well as "slyly sympathetic". The series was canceled in January 2020 after two seasons.

Alongside Paul Bettany as Vision, Olsen played Scarlet Witch again in the superhero miniseries "WandaVision", which premiered on Disney+ in January 2021. In addition to complimenting Olsen and Bettany's chemistry, critics praised the cast, with "Vox"'s Alex Abad-Santos writing Olsen was brilliant in her portrayal and Linda Holmes of NPR highlighting her "indelible central performance" in their respective reviews. Olsen earned a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited or Anthology Series or Movie and Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film for her performance. She reprised the role in the film "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness", which was released in May 2022. In 2023, she portrayed Candy Montgomery in "Love and Death", an HBO Max limited series about a 1980 Texas murder.

Olsen has been an atheist since the age of 13 because she believed that "religion should be about community and having a place to go in prayer, not something that should determine women's freedoms." She is an ambassador for the company Bobbi Brown Cosmetics. She and actor Boyd Holbrook were in a relationship from 2011 to 2014.
Olsen became engaged to musician Robbie Arnett, of the American band Milo Greene, in July 2019 after three years of dating but after a year of marriage they got a divorce and ended up with one of her good friends who do not know the name off but have the initials AM. Olsen revealed in June 2021 that the two had married. in her first public relationship she She also had a secret affair with a woman with the initials VB. 


Kikki Danielsson

Kikki Danielsson, born 10 May 1952, is a Swedish country, dansband and schlager singer. She participated at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1982 as a member of the group Chips and 1985, as a solo artist.


Lotta Engberg

Lotta Engberg (born 5 March 1963 in Överkalix,) is a Swedish dansband and schlager singer. She participated at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1987.


Elisabeth Andreassen

Elisabeth Andreassen (born 28 March 1958) is a Norwegian singer. She participated at the Eurovision Song Contest for Sweden in 1982, and for Norway in 1985 and 1996.


County Cavan

County Cavan (in Gaelic, ) is a county in Ireland. It is part of the Border Region as it is on the border with Northern Ireland. It is part of the province of Ulster. It is named after the town of Cavan. 73,183 people live in the county according to the 2011 census. Not many people live in the north-western area of the county as there are many mountains.

Cavan borders six other counties: Leitrim to the west, Fermanagh and Monaghan to the north, Meath to the south-east, Longford to the south-west and Westmeath to the south.



The county has a lot of countryside with many lakes and small hills called drumlins. The highest point of the county is in the Breifne mountains, mount Cuilcagh at .

Cavan is known as 'The Lakeland County' and it is said it has 365 lakes, one for every day of the year. At , Lough Sheelin is the county's largest lake in the south of the county. A large area of lakes in the north and west of Cavan are marked as Specially Protected Areas (SPA), example of this being Lough Oughter. Other important wildlife protected lakes such as Lough Gowna and Lough Ramor are in the south and east of the county. The county contains forests such as Bellamont Forest near Cootehill, Killykeen Forest Park at Lough Oughter (a Coillte state forest), Dún na Rí Forest Park and the Burren Forest.

Many rivers in Ireland start in County Cavan. The Shannon Pot is the source of the River Shannon, the longest river in Ireland at . The River Erne is a major river which starts from Beaghy Lough south of Stradone in Cavan and flows for to Lough Erne.

In medieval times, the area of Cavan was part of East Bréifne after its ruling Gaelic family. This in was a division of the 11th century Kingdom of Bréifne. For this reason the county is also sometimes known as the Breffni County. The natural landscape of drumlin hills and loughs made a good defence against invaders.

Historically, Cavan was part of the western province of Connacht, but was transferred to Ulster in 1584 when Bréifne was shired and became the county of Cavan. In the south, the Lough Sheelin area was part of Leinster until the late 14th century.

Parts of Cavan were under Norman influence from the twelfth century. The remains of several buildings from the time can still be seen at Castlerahan and Clogh Oughter castle. There are also some remains of early abbeys in the county, like at Drumlane and Trinity Island.

The Plantation of Ulster from 1610 saw the settlement and origins of several new towns within the county like Bailieborough, Cootehill, Killeshandra and Virginia. Existing towns such as Cavan and Belturbet became over time more important as trading centres. Wars aimed at trying to unsettle the Plantation only led to further plantations of English and Scottish settlers into the county and the beginnings of a thriving flax and linen industry.

Agriculture is the largest industry in the county, especially dairy milk processing as well as pig and beef farming. Much of Cavan's land is clay soils, which are rich in minerals, but heavy and poorly drained, making pasture farming the dominant farming system in the county. The total farmed area is in the county, and there are approximately 219,568 cattle in Cavan.

Peat cutting exists in the northwest of the county, in the Cuilcagh range.

Cavan has expanded in other industries, mainly quarrying, energy production and manufacturing facilities.




Elitserien

Elitserien (literally, the "Elite League") is the name of several Swedish sport leagues that cover the whole of Sweden. In most sports, Elitserien is the highest league, with the second highest usually named Allsvenskan.

Elitserien leagues:

Leagues formerly named Elitserien:

Gyllene Tider

Gyllene Tider is a pop band from the town of Halmstad in Sweden.


The Genetical Theory of Natural Selection

The Genetical Theory of Natural Selection is a book by R.A. Fisher first published in 1930 by Oxford University Press which combines Mendelian genetics with Charles Darwin's theory of natural selection. It is one of the most important books of the modern evolutionary synthesis.

A second, slightly revised edition was published in 1958. In 1999, a third variorum edition, with the original 1930 text, annotated with the 1958 alterations, notes and alterations accidentally omitted from the second edition was published.

When Fisher started his career, genetics was not a well-understood science. There were biologists who did not see how evolution by natural selection could happen with heredity as they understood it. The main effect of the book was to show the small changes in genes could indeed lead to the large changes seen in the fossil record. Fisher's second chapter, the "Fundamental theory of natural selection", convinced most biologists that Darwin's idea and modern genetics were compatible (could work together). Fisher's view was reinforced by Julian Huxley, J.B.S. Haldane, Sewell Wright, Theodosius Dobzhansky, and G. Ledyard Stebbins. All of these men were in touch with genetics. With the addition of two field biologists, Ernst Mayr and Bernhard Rensch and a palaeontologist, George Simpson, the group put together the modern synthesis.

Fisher also developed ideas on sexual selection, mimicry and the evolution of dominance. He showed that mutations with big effects usually reduce the fitness of the individual. He also proved that larger populations carry more variation and have a greater chance of survival. He set the foundations for population genetics.

About a third of the book concerned the applications of genetics to humans. Using the British census data of 1911, he showed there was an inverse relationship between fertility and social class. This was partly due, he believed, to the rise in social status of families who were not capable of producing many children but who rose because of the financial advantage of having a small number of children. Therefore he suggested subsidies (he called them allowances) to families with larger numbers of children, with the allowances proportional to the earnings of the father. He himself had two sons and six daughters.

The book was reviewed, among others, by physicist Charles Galton Darwin, a grandson of Charles Darwin's. After his review, C.G. Darwin sent Fisher his copy of the book, with notes in the margin. The marginal notes became the food for a correspondence running at least three years.

Although Fisher's book was immediately understood by the few who understood genetics, it was a long time before the general biologist appreciated it. It is now agreed to be one of the foundations of modern population genetics and evolution.

Fisher's book also had a major influence on W.D. Hamilton and the development of his theories on the genetic basis for kin selection. Hamilton, a leading theoretician of the later 20th century, said:

Aseptic meningitis

Meningitis happens when the brain's lining becomes inflamed. This lining is called the meninges. Aseptic meningitis occurs when there are signs of meningitis. However, when a sample of brain fluid is taken, bacteria do not grow. This condition is often treatable. In many cases, recovery takes 7–10 days.


These factors increase the chance of developing aseptic meningitis:

County Meath

County Meath () is a county in Ireland. It is part of the province of Leinster. It is named after the ancient "Kingdom of Mide" (in Gaelic "Mide" means "middle"). 184,135 people lived in the county according to the 2011 census. The county town is Navan, this is where the county hall and government are located. Trim used to be the county town. 

The River Boyne flows through the county.


The county is sometimes known by the nickname "The Royal County" because of its history as the seat of the High King of Ireland. 

County Meath formed the eastern part of the former Kingdom of Mide. The seat of the High King of Ireland was at Tara which is not far from Navan. 

The archaeological complex of "Brú na Bóinne" is 5,000 years old. It includes the burial sites of Newgrange, Knowth and Dowth, in the north-east of the county. It is a UNESCO designated World Heritage Site.

The county has a lot of farms, mainly cattle, dairying, potatoes and grain. Meath is Ireland's leading county producer of potatoes, and a significant producer of beef, barley, milk, wheat, and root vegetables. Europe's largest underground lead-zinc mine, Tara Mines, has operated since 1977, at a location to the west of Navan. 



Eddington limit

The Eddington limit, or Eddington luminosity was first worked out by Arthur Eddington. It is a natural limit to the normal luminosity of stars. The state of balance is a hydrostatic equilibrium. When a star exceeds the Eddington limit, it loses mass with a very intense radiation-driven stellar wind from its outer layers.

Eddington's models treated a star as a sphere of gas held up against gravity by internal thermal pressure. Eddington showed that radiation pressure was necessary to prevent collapse of the sphere.

Most massive stars have luminosities far below the Eddington luminosity, so their winds are mostly driven by the less intense line absorption. The Eddington limit explains the observed luminosity of accreting black holes such as quasars.

Eddington limit explains the very high mass loss rates seen in the outbursts of η Carinae in 1840–1860. The regular stellar winds can only stand for a mass loss rate of about 10–10 solar masses per year. Mass loss rates of up to 0.5 solar masses per year are needed to understand the η Carinae outbursts. This can be done with the help of the super-Eddington broad spectrum radiation driven winds.

Gamma-ray bursts, novae and supernovae are examples of systems exceeding their Eddington luminosity by a large factor for very short times, resulting in short and highly intensive mass loss rates. Some X-ray binaries and active galaxies are able to maintain luminosities close to the Eddington limit for very long times. For accretion powered sources such as accreting neutron stars or cataclysmic variables (accreting white dwarfs), the limit may act to reduce or cut off the accretion flow. Super-Eddington accretion onto stellar-mass black holes is one possible model for ultraluminous X-ray sources (ULXs).

For accreting black holes, all the energy released by accretion does not have to appear as outgoing luminosity, since energy can be lost through the event horizon, down the hole. Effectively, such sources may not conserve energy.

Maria Schneider (actress)

Maria Schneider (born Marie Christine Gélin, Paris, 27 March 1952 - 3 February 2011) was a French actress. She was in many movies. She played Jeanne in the 1972 erotic movie "Last Tango in Paris" opposite Marlon Brando. Schneider died in Paris from cancer at age fifty-eight.

Oregon spotted frog

The Oregon spotted frog ("Rana pretiosa") is a medium-sized water frog. The name "Rana pretiosa" means "precious frog". It comes from the Pacific Northwest area of North America. It can be found in the Puget Trough/Willamette Valley province and the Cascade Mountains of south-central Washington and Oregon. It is a rare frog and is listed by the IUCN as a vulnerable species.

Spiritualism

Spiritualism is a belief that humans can communicate with the spirits of the dead. It was popular in the nineteenth century up to the 1930s. The main centres were in America and Europe, with the Caribbean and South America, where it is usually called Spiritism.

Spiritualism did not have a book with authority, but it had pamphlets, meetings and mediums. A medium is a person, often female, who acts as a go-between between the living and the dead. 

At its peak, spiritualism was very popular, and its followers formed Spiritualist churches.

Debra Jo Rupp

Debra Jo Rupp (born 24 February 1951) is an American actress. She appears in television and movies. She played Kitty Forman in "That '70s Show". She played Alice in "Friends". Debra was born in Glendale, California. She was raised in Massachusetts.

Rita Rudner

Rita Rudner (born September 17, 1953) is an American actress and comedian. She appeared in August 2012 as Melissa's Mom in "Melissa & Joey". Rita Rudner was born in Miami, Florida.

Wrestling Brewster

Wrestling Brewster (ca. 1614 - ?) was a passenger on the ship "Mayflower" in 1620 when it sailed from England to North America. He was born in Leiden, The Netherlands about 1614 to William and Mary Brewster. He was alive during the 1627 Division of Cattle at Plymouth, and was listed in his father's household at that time. He is not mentioned again in any record, or in his father's will of 1644, or in the inventory of his father's estate. He did not marry. It is probable that he died some time between 1627 and 1644.

Correction, according to
http://genealogytrails.com/mass/mayflower.html

Under William Brewster is shows,
16. WRESTLING, b. --- ; m. Mary --- .
So Wrestling Brewster may have married a woman named Mary

Vasodilation

Vasodilation is where blood vessels widen. It results from relaxation of muscle cells within blood vessel walls. The process is essentially the opposite of vasoconstriction, which is the narrowing of blood vessels. 

When vessels widen, blood flow is increased. This in turn decreases blood pressure. Drugs that cause vasodilation are called vasodilators.

Love Brewster

Love Brewster was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620. He was born about 1611 in Holland to William and Mary Brewster. 

He married Sarah Collier at Plymouth, Plymouth Colony in 1634, and sired four children upon her. He was active in the community, and died at Duxbury, north of Plymouth, about 1651.
Love was born in Leiden, The Netherlands about 1611 to Mary and William Brewster. On 15 May 1634, he married Sarah Collier at Plymouth. They had four children: Sarah, Nathaniel, William, and Wrestling.

Brewster became a freeman (able to vote and hold land) in Plymouth Colony on 2 March 1636. He volunteered to fight in the Pequot War (1634-1638), but saw no action because Plymouth's volunteers were not needed.

In 1642, Thomas Granger, Brewster's 16-year old servant, was caught committing bestiality upon Brewster's livestock. He admitted his transgression, and was executed with the animals, as the Bible commanded in Leviticus 20:15.

Brewster and his family moved to Duxbury, Plymouth Colony, north of the settlement at Plymouth. He served in the militia under Myles Standish. Brewster died at Duxbury between 6 October 1650 (when his will was written) and 31 January 1651 (when the will was probated).

Ocean County, New Jersey

Ocean County is a county in New Jersey that contains most of the Jersey Shore. The county seat is Toms River. The population is 637,229 as of 2020.

Oliver Hill

Oliver White Hill, Sr. (May 1, 1907 – August 5, 2007) was an American civil rights lawyer from Richmond, Virginia. His work against discrimination helped end "separate but equal". This was a reason used to support segregation in the United States. He also helped win important legal decisions, such as equality in pay for black teachers, access to school buses, voting rights, jury selection, and employment protection. He retired in 1998 after practicing law for almost 60 years. Along with his other awards, he earned the Presidential Medal of Freedom. This was given to him by President Bill Clinton in 1999. During the 1940s and 1950s, Hill was unsafe because of what he did. Because people called to threaten Hill, Hill's young son was not allowed to answer the telephone. A cross was burned on the Hill family's lawn. Still, Hill continued to work for civil rights. Hill died at the age of 100 in 2007 in Richmond, Virginia. 

Non-Hodgkin lymphoma

Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (which is also known as "B-cell" and "T-cell lymphomas") is a cancer of the lymphatic system. The lymphatic system is a network of vessels and glands spread throughout the body. It is also part of the immune system. Clear fluid called "lymph" flows through the lymphatic vessels and contains infection-fighting white blood cells known as "lymphocytes".

In lymphoma, these lymphocytes start to multiply in an abnormal way. A lot of them appear in certain parts of the lymphatic system, such as the lymph nodes (glands). The affected lymphocytes lose their infection-fighting properties making you more vulnerable to infection.

The most common symptom of non-Hodgkin lymphoma is a painless swelling in a lymph node, usually in the neck, armpit or groin.

The usual way to know that a person has non-Hodgkin lymphoma is to do a biopsy (testing a sample of affected lymph node tissue).

Mary Brewster

Mary Brewster (ca. 1569 - 17 April 1627) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620 when the ship sailed from England to the New World. She was probably born in England, but her exact birthdate, birthplace, and birth surname are not known with certainty. She married William Brewster about 1592, and bore him six children. 

She lived in The Netherlands several years before emigrating to North America with her family. She survived her first harsh winter of 1620 in the New World, and was one of the four women still alive in 1621 to observe the first Thanksgiving. She died in Plymouth Colony in 1627. 

Mary was born in England about 1569, probably in Doncaster, Yorkshire or Scrooby, Nottinghamshire. Her maiden name is not known with certainty. Wentworth, Wyrall, Stubbe, Love and others have all been proposed, but none have been proven to be her surname.

She married William Brewster about 1592. It is not known if she was Brewster's first or second wife. She bore him six children: Jonathan, Patience, Fear, an unnamed child who died young, Love, and Wrestling.

Mary's husband was the leader of a Separatist congregation near Scrooby. The law required Englishmen to attend the Church of England, but these people secretly met in the Brewster home to worship in their own way. 

The authorities persecuted them for their unconventional religious beliefs and for flouting the law. In 1608, Mary Brewster and her family went to Leiden, The Netherlands to escape the persecution and to practice their religion in peace.

Unhappy with life in Leiden, the Brewster family decided to emigrate to North America. Mary sailed on the "Mayflower" in 1620 with her husband and her two youngest children, Love and Wrestling. Son Jonathan arrived in Plymouth in November 1621, and daughters Patience and Fear in 1623.

Mary Brewster was one of only five women to survive the first winter in the New World, and one of only four women who were still alive for the first Thanksgiving in 1621. She died on 17 April 1627 at Plymouth. Her resting place has not been found.

Dorothy Eaton

Dorothy Eaton (? - probably no later than 1624) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620. She was John Carver's maidservant. Her maiden name is unknown. William Bradford wrote of Carver's maidservant, "[she] married, and died a year or two after here in this place." She may have been Francis Eaton's second wife. A 1626 apprenticeship record from Bristol, England, mentions Francis Eaton, carpenter in New England, and his wife Dorothy.

Dorothy

Dorothy is a female given name. It comes from the Greek Δωροθέα ("Dōrothéa") meaning "God's Gift", from δῶρον ("dōron"), "gift" + θεός ("theós"), "god". There are also male names in English such as "Dorie" from the Greek word "Δωρόθεος" ("Dōrótheos"). Also, the given names Theodore and Theodora come from the same two Greek words as Dorothy, but in the reverse order.

Dorothy became one of the most popular girl's names in the United States between 1904 and 1940. It was ranked among the top 10 most popular names given to American newborn girls. The name was in the top 100 most popular names for American girls until 1961. In 2006 it was ranked 986 in the top 1,000 most popular names for American newborn girls. There were 235 newborn American girls given the name in 2010. 

In fiction:

Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden

Gustav II Adolf (19 December 1594 – 16 November 1632) was the King of Sweden from 1611 to 1632. He is known in English as Gustavus Adolphus.

He is often said to have made Sweden a great power. (). He is also said to be one of the best military leaders of all time. Gustav led Sweden to be a military power during the Thirty Years' War and spent most of his reign fighting.

Gustavus Adolphus was born in Stockholm. His parents were Charles IX of Sweden and his second wife, Christina of Holstein-Gottorp. When his father died in October 1611, while Gustavus was only 16 years old, he became King of Sweden.

Gustavus married Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg, daughter of John Sigismund, Elector of Brandenburg. Their daughter Christina later became Queen of Sweden.

In June 1630 he landed in Germany, starting the Swedish fight in the Thirty Year's War on the Anti-Imperial Protestant side, which was losing at the time. With Sweden's help the situation flipped so that the Protestants were winning.

Gustavus died in the Battle of Lützen in 1632 while leading a cavalry attack.

Gustavus Adolphus Day is on 6 November. Every year it is celebrated in Sweden, Estonia and Finland. On this day only, a special pastry is sold that has a chocolate or marzipan medallion of the king.

Josh Klinghoffer

Josh Adam Klinghoffer (born October 3, 1979) is an American musician. He is best known as being the guitarist of the Red Hot Chili Peppers from 2009 to 2019.

Jeopardy! Tournament of Champions

The Jeopardy! Tournament of Champions is a yearly tournament on the American television game show "Jeopardy!". It features 15 players who have won the most games from the past season. It started in 1964 when Art Fleming was host of the show; it is also played on the show with Alex Trebek as host until 2019, with Buzzy Cohen guest hosting the 2021 Tournament of Champions. Ken Jennings is now the host of the tournament starting with the 2022 Tournament of Champions. Winners of the College Championship (since 1989) and the Teachers Tournament (since 2011) also play in the Tournament of Champions.

"Jeopardy!"'s Tournament of Champions takes two weeks. The first five games are the quarterfinals, with three new contestants each day. The winners of the five games move on to the semi-finals. The four players with the highest scores who did not win their quarterfinal game also move on as "wild card" players. If there is a tie at the end of a game, one final answer is given, and the first player to ring in with the correct response wins the game. If all three players have a score of zero, none of the players move on to the semi-finals, and another wild card spot is added. The next three games are the semi-final games. The three winners of the semi-finals move on to the finals, which happens over two games and two days. Unlike the quarterfinals, if all three players have a score of zero, one final answer is given, with the first player to ring in with the correct question wins the game. This rule change was first implemented in 2013 to avoid a repeat of the November 2012 taping of the Teen Tournament which made it unfair for contestants who played in the semifinal before the zero loss. In each finals game, the players start with zero scores; after the second finals game, each player's score is added to their score from the first game, with the highest score being the winner, or "Grand Champion." The other two players win smaller cash prizes or their two-day total, whichever is higher.

In 2022 (Season 38) the tournament took a new format which expanded the field to 21 contestants. The top three seeded contestants will qualify for the semifinal rounds; the remaining 18 contestants will play six quarterfinal games, with no wild-card spots given. The six winners will advance to the semifinals and join the top three seeds. The winners of the semifinal matches will advance to the finals, which will consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of seven games, similar to the "Greatest of All Time" tournament (see below). The first finalist to win three games will win the tournament and the $250,000 top prize. The second-place and third-place prizes will be determined first by number of wins, then by number of second-place finishes, and finally by total score across all games played, and will win $100,000 and $50,000, respectively. 

From time to time, special Tournaments of Champions have been played. In 2002, the show held a Million Dollar Masters tournament. This was a two-week tournament where the winner won $1,000,000. It was taped at Radio City Music Hall in New York City. In 2005, the show held an Ultimate Tournament of Champions. It was a 15-week tournament with 145 players. The two players who made it to the finals would play against Ken Jennings for $2,000,000. In 2014, the show held a Battle of the Decades to commemorate the show's 30th anniversary. It was a 5-week tournament featuring 45 players; the field of contestants was broken up into three decades. The first three weeks featured players from their respective decades. Five winners from each decade advanced to the quarterfinals to compete for a $1,000,000 grand prize.

The following is a list of contestants and where they placed in the tournament. Prize amounts for the non-winning finalists who won more than the minimum guarantees are as indicated in parentheses.

Jeopardy! Teen Tournament

The Jeopardy! Teen Tournament is a yearly tournament on the American television game show "Jeopardy!" It features middle school and high school students between the ages of thirteen and eighteen.

The tournament plays like the Tournament of Champions. 15 contestants play in a two week tournament. The first five games are the quarterfinals, with three new contestants each day. The winners of the five games move on to the semi-finals. The four losing contestants with the highest scores also move on as "wild card" players. If there is a tie at the end of a game, a Final Jeopardy!-type answer is given, and the first player to ring in with the correct response wins the game. If all three players have a score of zero, none of the contestants move on to the semi-finals, and another wild card spot is added. The next three games are the semi-final games. The three winners of the semi-finals move on to the finals. The last two games are the two-day finals. In both games, the contestants start with zero scores, and the contestants' final scores from the two days are added together to see who is the winner. The contestant with the highest score from the two days wins. The other two contestants win smaller cash prizes.

Would-be contestants mailed postcards with their names and addresses to "Jeopardy!". 1,200 teens were selected at random from the postcard entries and were invited to come (at their own expense) to one of four regional test centers ("e.g." Houston, Minneapolis, Philadelphia, and Los Angeles) to take a timed written qualifying examination with the 50 clues read by Alex Trebek on a video monitor at the front of an exam room. Passing scorers were invited back for an interview and mock game using an electronic buzzer system. Their photographs are taken for their files, and they are asked to fill out a short information sheet with interesting facts about themselves that may be later used by Alex Trebek during the interview portion of the show. Selected contestants and alternates were notified that they had been chosen to appear on the show one to two months later. They are then flown to Los Angeles to tape the show. Taping occurs over a period of two days, with the five quarterfinals played on the first day and the three semifinals and two final games played on the second day. Accommodations were provided for the contestants at the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, with taping taking place at the Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City, California.

Contestants registered on the "Jeopardy!" web site rather than submitting postcards. As before, a select number of registrants were invited to audition and take a written test at a regional audition. Accommodations for contestants are provided at the Hilton in Universal City, California.

All web site registrants take a 50-question timed online test at one set test time, usually late February. The test is given using Adobe Flash and takers are given 15 seconds per clue to type in their responses. A random selection of those who pass the test are invited to attend regional auditions in November at 4 locations around the United States at which another 50-question written test is given, followed by interviews and mock games. The number of students selected for the regional auditions is usually around 300, from which 15 are selected for the show.


The following is a list of contestants and where they placed in the tournament. Winners and runners-up who earned more than the minimum guarantees are as indicated in parentheses.

A console game based upon the Teen Tournament was released in the mid 1990s for the Nintendo Game Boy.

The "Jeopardy!" Teen Reunion Tournament was a special one-week tournament held in November 1998 at the Boch Center in Boston, Massachusetts that invited back 12 former Teen Tournament contestants from the first three tournaments on "Jeopardy!"

Twelve former Teen Tournament contestants competed three at a time in four qualifying round matches. Winning contestants who were among the top three scorers would play in the final match for $50,000. Losing qualifiers took home $5,000, while the non-playing finalist took home $7,500. The third-place finisher took home a minimum guarantee of $10,000, while the second-place finisher was entitled to a minimum guarantee of $15,000. The highest scoring player in the finals took home $50,000.

The two nonwinning finalists also received the board game "Game of the Year" by University Games as well as a Tigris Pyramid and Movana.

Capozzola, Javerbaum, and Newhouse advanced to the finals.


Jeopardy! College Championship

The Jeopardy! College Championship is a yearly tournament on the American television game show "Jeopardy!" It features full-time undergraduate college students who have not yet gotten a degree.

The Jeopardy! College Championship is one of the traditional tournaments held each season on the TV quiz show Jeopardy! Contestants in this tournament are full-time undergraduate college students with no prior degrees and traditionally wear a sweater bearing the name of their college or university during their appearances. The existence of this tournament does not disqualify college students from auditioning for the regular shows, but tournament participants cannot later compete in regular play. The tournament began during the 1988-89 season (Season 5) and has been played every season (except for seasons 31, 35, and 37), always during any one of the three traditional sweeps ratings periods (November, February, or May) with the exception of being held in April 2018 due to Alex Trebek's brain surgery and April 2020 due to The Greatest of All Time Tournament. Some contestants for the inaugural tournament were selected through contestant searches held in Daytona Beach, Florida, and Palm Springs, California, during the Spring break season in 1989.

The College Championship uses a ten-game format similar to that used for the Tournament of Champions and the Teen Tournament: 15 players, in groups of three, play in five quarterfinal games; the winners of those five games and the four highest-scoring nonwinners as wild cards become the nine semifinalists who compete in three games, with no two players rematching each other in the semifinal round. The three semifinal winners advance to the two-day final round, in which contestants play two separate matches, with the contestants' combined scores for both matches determining the champion (contestants start with $0 each day).

All College Championship contestants receive cash prizes, based on their progress through the tournament. Contestants eliminated prior to the finals receive fixed payouts, while contestants in the finals receive guaranteed minimums, but can earn more. Over time, the prizes have increased in value, as shown below:

Winners also receive a small replica trophy of the larger College Championship trophy, which is retained by "Jeopardy!" in Southern California. On the larger trophy are engraved the names of every year's winner.

From 1993–2004, the winner also won a new car (Dodge from 1993–1994, Volvo from 1995–2003, and Volkswagen in 2004), and the company who manufactured the car matched each finalists' totals and set up scholarships in those amounts earned for the finalists' schools.


In addition to the above-mentioned winnings, the winner earns an automatic position in the next Tournament of Champions, though two winners (Vinita Kailasanath in 2001 and Joey Beachum in 2008) deferred their berths in their intended tournament until the following installments due to scheduling conflicts. Three College Champions have made the Tournament of Champions finals (Tom Cubbage in 1989, Jeff Stewart in 1994, and Cliff Galiher in 2007), but only Cubbage won the event.

Many college champions have been invited to later Jeopardy! "all-time best" tournaments as well, with varying degrees of success:

The following is a list of contestants and where they placed in the tournament. Finalists who earned more than the minimum guarantee are as indicated. 

Stanford University is the only college to have two winners.

The only College Champions from Ivy League schools are Terry O'Shea of Princeton University in 2014 and Dhruv Gaur of Brown University in 2018.


Julius and Ethel Rosenberg

Ethel Greenglass Rosenberg (September 25, 1915June 19, 1953) and Julius Rosenberg (May 12, 1918June 19, 1953) were Americans accused of being spies for the Soviet Union. They were convicted of conspiracy to commit espionage during a time of war. They were both executed. Their crime was related to giving information about the atomic bomb to the Soviet Union. At that time and even later, many people in many countries thought they were innocent and had tried to convince the U.S. authorities not to kill them. After the fall of the Soviet Union, evidence came out that showed that Julius Rosenberg had been a spy but that his wife had not.

Both Julius and Ethel were of Jewish descent.

Bernard Sahlins

Bernard "Bernie" Sahlins (1922 – June 16, 2013) was an American writer, television and theatre director, and comedian. He was best known as a founder of The Second City improvisational comedy troupe with Paul Sills and Howard Alk in 1959. Sahlins also opened the Second City Theatre in Toronto in 1973.

Sahlins was born in 1922 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the University of Chicago in 1943. On June 16, 2013, Sahlins died at his home from natural causes in Chicago, Illinois, aged 90. He was survived by his wife, Jane Nicholl Sahlins.

Stan Lopata

Stanley Edward Lopata (September 12, 1925 – June 15, 2013) was an American professional baseball player. Lopata played in Major League Baseball as a catcher for parts of 13 seasons with the Philadelphia Phillies and Milwaukee Braves. A two-time all-star, he was the first National League catcher to wear glasses.

Lopata was born on September 12, 1925 in Delray, Michigan. He studied at Southwestern High School. Lopata died on June 15, 2013 from heart failure in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, aged 87.


Michael Hastings (journalist)

Michael Mahon Hastings (January 28, 1980 – June 18, 2013) was an American journalist, writer and reporter for BuzzFeed. The son of doctors Molly and Brent Hastings, he graduated from Rice Memorial High School in South Burlington, Vermont in 1998, and New York University in 2002.

He was a regular writer for "Gentlemen's Quarterly" and a contributing editor at "Rolling Stone" magazine. From 2002 - 2008, he was a journalist for "Newsweek" magazine, famous for his Iraq War coverage and book about the death of his fiancée Andrea Parhamovich "I Lost My Love in Baghdad: A Modern War Story".

Hastings died in a 4:30am single-vehicle automobile crash in Los Angeles on June 18, 2013.


Carly Rose Sonenclar

Carly Rose Sonenclar (born April 20, 1999) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. In 2012, Sonenclar finished in second place in season 2 of "The X Factor USA".

She started her career as an actress on Broadway in 2006, and she also played Gilda in the television show "The Electric Company". She later became a singer, and sang the National Anthem at sporting events.

In 2012, Sonenclar auditioned for "The X Factor USA" season two, singing the song "Feeling Good", which gave her praise from the judges. During the season, Sonenclar was normally among the top two most voted contestants, along with Tate Stevens. In the finale, Sonenclar finished in second behind Stevens.

In 2013, Sonenclar signed with record label Syco Music.

Paul Simon (politician)

Paul Martin Simon (November 29, 1928 – December 9, 2003) was an American politician from Illinois. He served in the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 1985, and in United States Senate from 1985 to 1997. A member of the Democratic Party, he unsuccessfully ran for the 1988 Democratic presidential nomination. Simon was famous for his distinctive appearance that included a bowtie and horn-rimmed glasses.

Simon was born on November 29, 1928 in Eugene, Oregon. He studied at the University of Oregon and attended Dana College.

Simon was married to Jeanne Hurley from 1960 until her death in 2000. Then he was married to Patricia Derge from 2001 until his death in 2003. He had two children with Jeanne. One of them was Lieutenant Governor of Illinois Sheila Simon.

Simon died on December 9, 2003 from surgical complications after undergoing heart surgery in Springfield, Illinois, aged 75.

Eternal Flame

"Eternal Flame" is a 1989 ballad by The Bangles. It is from their 1988 album "Everything". It became a hit when it was released in February 1989 in the United States. It hit #1 in other countries, including Australia. With this song, the Bangles became the third girl group to have many number one songs in the United States, after The Supremes (twelve) and The Shirelles (two).

Tet Offensive

The Tet Offensive was a military campaign during the Vietnam War that started on 30 January 1968. It was fought by the communist forces of the Viet Cong in South Vietnam, which were aided by North Vietnam, against the South Vietnamese government, aided by the United States and other allies.

Its purpose was to surprise the enemy with attacks against military and civilian commands and control centers in South Vietnam.

Eventually, the Americans and the South Vietnamese managed to fight off the communist forces for a military victory. However, the massive fighting during the Tet Offensive made most Americans go from supporting the fighting in Vietnam to opposing it. The military and the government had told the Americans that the their country was close to winning. After that was disproved by the offensive, the US was said to have won the battle but to have lost the war.


Division of Darling Downs

The Division of Darling Downs was an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was one of the original 75 divisions for the first Australian election in 1901. It was named for the Darling Downs region of Queensland. It included the city of Toowoomba and surrounding rural areas. 

Its famous members included Sir Littleton Groom, Cabinet minister and Speaker, and Arthur Fadden, Prime Minister of Australia in 1941.

The electorate's first member, William Henry Groom, died at the first Commonwealth Parliament meeting in Melbourne in 1901. His death led to Australia's first by-election, which was won by his son Littleton. The seat was abolished in 1984, largely being replaced by the Division of Groom.

A Hazy Shade of Winter

"A Hazy Shade of Winter" is a hit song performed by Simon and Garfunkel in the 1960s. It was covered by The Bangles two decades later. The song was released by itself at first, but was later released as part of the album "Bookends", released in 1968. This single is about sadness during winter. The Bangles version was released in November 1987. Both versions became major hit singles. In the late 1980s, the Bangles' version became more popular than the first version.

Siddur

A siddur () is a Jewish prayer book. It has a set order of a list of Jewish prayers and blessings.

""Siddurs"", which come from a Hebrew root meaning "order", have a very long history and so they can be found in a number of versions in different streams in Judaism.


Thomas Kuhn

Thomas Samuel Kuhn (July 18, 1922 - 17 June, 1996) was a Jewish-American physicist, and historian and philosopher of science. He introduced the idea of paradigm shift. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and died from lung cancer in Cambridge, Massachusetts, aged 73.



Grevenmacher District

The District of Grevenmacher () was one of three districts of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Its capital was the city of Grevenmacher.

In 2015, the districts were abolished.

It was the easternmost of the districts and the smallest of the three districts, with an area of . It is the district with less people living in it with a population of 64,978 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

When the districts were created on 24 February 1843, Grevenmacher was one of the three of the country.

On 2012, the communes of Burmerange and Wellenstein were made part of the commune of Schengen. So the number of communes changed from 26 to 24.

The district of Grevenmacher is bordered to the north by the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate, to the east by the German states of Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland, to the south by France (the Moselle "département") and to the west by the Luxembourg district.

The Diekirch district has 3 cantons and 24 "communes".


Eva Cassidy

Eva Marie Cassidy (February 2, 1963 - November 2, 1996) was an American singer, vocalist and musician. She was born in Washington, D.C. to a German immigrant mother and father of Scottish-Irish ancestry. She performed pop, country and jazz music. In 1992, she released her first album, "The Other Side".

Cassidy died in Bowie, Maryland, of malignant melanoma, aged thirty-three.

Julia Ormond

Julia Karin Ormond (born 4 January 1965 in Surrey, England) is an English actress. She starred in many movies, including "Nostradamus", "First Knight", "Legends of the Fall" and "Sabrina". She also starred on television shows, including "Nurse Jackie" and "Temple Grandin".

Digital Audio Tape

Digital Audio Tape is a magnetic tape that permits to record audio. The recording is digital, its quality is similar to that of a compact disc. It was developed in the 1980s to replace the compact casette. Like tapes used for recording video, the tape can only be played in one direction, the "cassette" only has one side. It competed with Digital Compact Cassette (DCC), and the Minidisc. Unlike these however, it allows for an exact digital copy of the source; DCC and Minidisc use lossy data compression.

DAT tapes were also used to back up computer data in the 1990s and early 2000s. Most computer DAT drives will not read audio DAT tapes.

Sex segregation

Sex segregation is a highly controversial culture-related definition for separation of people according to their sex. This can occur in both public and private areas. There are four levels for sex segregation: permissive, voluntary, administrative and mandatory. 

It is always done in prisons and in military service. Socially it is done in sports, but not necessarily in mental sports. It is always done in schools in countries where the religion dictates it. Sex segregation is very unusual at primary school level.

Religion has its effects, but the Christian religion no longer mandates separation. It once did.

Clothing is the other area where differences occur. Again, Moslem countries still demand a dress code for women, but the rest of the world is more diverse. A point which is rarely made is that the simple wearing of clothes is often mandatory, and nudes may be arrested. Practice varies at certain places, such as the seaside.


Digital Compact Cassette

The Digital Compact Cassette (DCC) was a format of magnetic tape, developed to replace the compact cassette. It competed with the Minidisc and the Digital Audio Tape (DAT), but neither format could replace the compact cassette. It was marketed as a cheaper alternative to DAT. 

Equipment for the digital compact cassette was able to playback analog compact cassettes as well; recording could only be done to DCC, though. A DCC tape is similar in appearance to a regular cassette, except that it has reel access holes on only one side, and has a shutter covering both the tape and reel access holes, similar to the shutter on a floppy disk. This protects the tape and also prevents it from being accidentally inserted into an analog cassette deck.

Unlike DAT, DCC uses lossy data compression. This means that the copy of the data is not identical to the original. Audio data could be compressed to about 25% of its original size. 

The main problem of the format was tied to handling: Finding a song in the middle of a 90 minute tape takes several minutes. With Minidisc it is instantaneous. Minidisc allows to delete or move tracks, features which the digital compact cassette cannot offer. 

Even though some of the features were addressed (like rewinding a 90 minute tape in less than a minute), the format never gained much market share. The compression format used by DCC is based on MP1, which came before MP3. The CD-R, which is compatible with standard CD players, eventually replaced both DCC and MiniDisc for home audio recording. The CD-R also replaced analog tape.

Fat acceptance movement

The term fat acceptance movement refers to social movements seeking to change social attitudes regarding being overweight. The movement has a political and culture related background, and its activities include although are not limited to sports, shopping and fashion matters.

This movement argues that those who are overweight are targets of being discriminated against, threatened by hatred and subjected to major prejudice. There have been many debates within this movement.

Forty-seven Ronin

The revenge of the Forty-seven Ronin took place in Japan at the start of the 18th century. It describes a historical event, but there is a lot of fiction added to the story too.

The story tells of a group of samurai who were left leaderless (becoming "ronin") after their daimyo (lord) Asano Naganori had to kill himself by committing "seppuku" (ritual suicide). He had to do this because he assaulted a court official named Kira Yoshinaka. The "ronin" waited and planned almost two years, and then killed Kira to avenge their master's honour. They delivered Kira's head to Asano's grave. After that, the "ronin" had to kill themselves by committing "seppuku" as they had committed the crime of murder.

One noted Japanese scholar described the tale, the most famous example of the samurai code of honor, "bushidō," as the country's "national legend." 


Femicide

The term femicide refers to killing women. Feminist Diana Russell is one of the many early pioneers of the term; she defines the word as referring to killing women because of their gender. The term was first used around 1801 in England to represent the killing of women. The term has created controversy, and other feminists differ on what the word "femicide" really means.
In Brazil, crime is in the Brazilian Criminal Code since 2012. The penalty for this crime is 12 to 30 years in prison.

Cinephilia

The term Cinephilia refers to when someone has a strong interest in cinema, movie theories and movie criticism. Since the silent era, there have been various waves of cinephiles, people with strong interest for cinema and movies. The movie community which may have been best noted in relations to cinephilia, however, are one that was developed during World War II around Paris, France. A major influx of foreign movies, alongside a screening program used with certain local movie clubs, generated interest for world cinema among the intellectual youth culture of the city. This community fostered a strong interest in directors and movies which may have been neglected, forgotten or simply not known in the West. Notable directors of French cinephiles in this period include although are not limited to Alfred Hitchcock and Orson Welles. This profession has become less connected with movie going due to presence of DVDs and VHS cassettes.

Avenue Franklin Roosevelt

Avenue Franklin Roosevelt is a street in Brussels, Ixelles. It is next parallel to Bois de la Cambre, a forest in Brussels. Many houses there were built in the Second World War. It is known as one of the most beautiful boulevards in Brussels. The Ixelles community opposes that people build shops or hotels and apartment buildings have to be no bigger than 16 meters high. There are many embassies and residences of ambasadors located on Avenue Franklin Roosevelt.

The avenue was named "Avenue des Nations" in 1922, after Leopold II came the visit de Universal Exposition from 1910. He said it should be a residential area.

In 1945, de "Avenue des Nations" becomes Avenue Franklin Roosevelt, in honor of the president of America.


Bois de la Cambre

Bois de la Cambre () is a forest in Brussels. It used to be part of the Sonian Forest but now it is separate.

The main road around the lake has been closed to traffic on Saturdays and Sundays since the 1990s.

In 1815, on the eve of the Battle of Waterloo, the British soldiers played cricket on land that is now part of the Bois de la Cambre.

There is a park that includes horse rides, an ice rink, boating activities and fishing are organized. Bois de la Cambre is connected to the Sonian Forest as in the past it used to be part of it. Three entries are from the Avenue Franklin Roosevelt.

In the 1990s the Chalet Robinson was built on the an island on the lake. The restaurant was destroyed by a fire in 1991. The decision was made in 2006 to rebuild it and it reopened to the public in September 2009. An electrical boat has been made so you can pass from the shore to the island.

Two days per year there is a race, "24 hours race Bois de la Cambre" that is played by the young scouts other activities are also organized for the young scouts. In 2013 the 24 hours race was canceled because of the cold, wind and rain. Other smaller events are also organized in the park.
Sometimes, sports demonstrations, outdoor concerts, processions coupling, theaters animation or games for children are held during the summer. In the last week-end of August the Fiesta Latina is organized witch includes Latin food and concerts. In September an Eat festival was organized but the first two days were ruined because of the rain.

The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas

The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a novel written by John Boyne. Bruno's father is a commandant in World War II and the family moves house to Out-With so that he can work closer to concentration camps under the Fury's orders. After staying there for some time, Bruno makes friends with a Jewish boy named Shmuel on the other side of the fence. They meet up on their side of the fence whenever they can. On the day where Bruno is meant to move back to Berlin, he accidentally enters a gas chamber while attempting to look for Shmuel's father and dies while holding hands with the Jewish boy.
There is a movie of the same name based on it on August 28, 2008.

Prader–Willi syndrome

Prader–Willi syndrome is a rare genetic disorder. It causes obesity, slow sexual development and low intelligence. People with Prader–Willi syndrome also have a higher chance of getting diabetes mellitus, and cannot have children. They are hungry very often, and eat much more than other people. It was first described in 1956. Prader-Willi syndrome is usually diagnosed with a genetic test. Prader-Willi syndrome has no cure. It can be treated with behavioural therapy.

Luxor

Luxor () is a city in Upper Egypt. In 2012, about 506,588 people lived there. To tourists, it is mostly known because of Karnak, as well as other tourist sites nearby.

Because the Ancient Egyptian city of Thebes is located in Luxor, the city has been called the "world's greatest open-air museum." On the other side of the Nile lies the Valley of the Kings and Valley of the Queens.


California City, California

California City is a city in southern California that was incorporated in 1965. In 2020, 14,973 people lived in the city. The area has its own police and post office.

Fokker F27 Friendship

Fokker F27 Friendship is a twin-turboprop airliner built in Netherlands. It was designed to replace Douglas DC-3's airliners. It can carry between 48 and 56 passengers. Fairchild FH-227 is an American licence-built variant, and Fokker 50 is a modernized variant. Some of them were acquired by militaries as cargo aircraft.

Fokker 50

The Fokker 50 is a twin-turboprop airliner built in the Netherlands. A improved version of Fokker F.27. It can carry about 50 passengers. It is also a military cargo aircraft and a reconnaissance aircraft.

Francis Eaton

Francis Eaton was born ca. 1596 in Bristol, England, and died in the autumn of 1633 in Plymouth, Massachusetts Bay Colony. He was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620. He signed the Mayflower Compact.

Eaton was the son of John Eaton and his wife Dorothy (Smith) Eaton. He was baptized on 11 September 1596 at St. Thomas church in Bristol, England. Eaton was a house carpenter. He married Sarah about 1618 and had a son named Samuel. The family left for North America in 1620 on the "Mayflower".

Sarah died in the New World during the winter of 1620-1621. Eaton married John Carver's servant Dorothy _____ before 1623. She died shortly after the marriage, leaving no children.

In the 1623 Division of Land at Plymouth, Eaton received four shares: one for himself, one for his deceased first wife Sarah, one for his son, and one for his current wife Dorothy. They were all "Mayflower" passengers.

About 1626, Eaton married Christiana Penn. They had three children: Rachel, Benjamin, and a child whose name is unknown but was called "an ideote" (mentally disabled).

In 1631, Eaton began having money troubles. He sold some of his land, some livestock, and his house. He died some time between 25 October and 8 November 1633 at Plymouth. He died in debt. His estate included some livestock, fifty bushels of corn, some clothing, some carpenter's tools, some boards, fishing lead, and some kitchen items. He was buried in Burial Hill in Plymouth, Massachusetts Bay Colony.


List of governors of Wyoming

This is a list of the governors of Wyoming. It includes territorial governors. Wyoming Territory was created in 1868. Wyoming became a state on July 10, 1890.

, four former governors were alive. The most recent governor to die was Clifford P. Hansen (1963–1967), on October 20, 2009. The most recently-serving governor to die was Edgar J. Herschler (1975–1987), on February 5, 1990.

Hobomok

Hobomok: A Tale of Early Times is a book by Lydia Maria Child. It was published anonymously in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1824 by Cummings, Hilliard & Co. The story is about the marriage between a white woman and a Native American man. They have a son. The heroine later remarries, and rejoins Puritan society with her child. The theme of miscegenation crearted a scandal. The book was not a critical success.

MBB/Kawasaki BK 117

The MBB/Kawasaki BK117 is a twin-engine, lightweight helicopter designed and built in Germany and Japan. It has both civilian and military uses. To 1992 it was built by Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm and Kawasaki Heavy Industries. Later, it was built by Eurocopter and Kawasaki Heavy Industries. Some were built under licence in Indonesia as NBK117. Eurocopter EC145 is a newer type of BK117, but without a Japanese partner.


Lydia Maria Child

Lydia Maria Child (née Francis; February 11, 1802October 20, 1880), was an American writer. She wrote the Thanksgiving Day poem, "Over the River and Through the Wood". She founded and published "Juvenile Miscellany", the first children's magazine in the United States. Child also wrote on housekeeping and child rearing, slavery, abolitionism, religion, women's issues, and Native American rights.

Child was born in Medford, Massachusetts to David Convers Francis, a baker, and Susannah (Rand) Francis. She attended a local dame school, a seminary, and a Congregational church. She lived for a time with her married sister in Maine, and then with her brother, a Unitarian minister, in Watertown, Massachusetts.

In 1828, she married Harvard graduate, David Lee Child. He was a lawyer and abolitionist. His idealism prevented him from providing his wife with a comfortable home. The childless couple lived in near poverty. In the last years of her life, Child became a recluse. She kept company only with her husband. He died in 1874. 

Her first novel, "", was published anonymously in 1824. It sold well. Another novel followed in 1825. In 1826, she founded and published "Juvenile Miscellany", the first magazine for children in the United States. She wrote a book about housekeeping in 1829,"The Frugal Housewife", a book about child-rearing in 1831, "The Mother's Book", and a book for children, "The Little Girl's Own Book", also in 1831.

She turned her social concerns to Native Americans in "The First Settlers of New England" in 1829, and then to African Americans in 1833 with "An Appeal in Favor of That Class of Americans Called Africans". This book prompted many Americans to join the abolition movement, but it also caused Child to be shunned socially. Family friends withdrew their support for her children's magazine, forcing it into bankruptcy. Her nonfiction books about women's concerns and rights in the 1830s sold poorly.

In 1841, she moved to New York City. She edited an anti-slavery weekly for two years, then collected and published her columns written for a Boston newspaper. Her husband was working as a journalist in Washington, D.C. during these years, but the couple reunited and moved to Wayland, Massachusetts in 1850. In the following years, she wrote books about female sex workers, the evolution of religion, African Americans, and Native Americans. Her last book, "Aspirations of the World" appeared in 1878.


Sheree J. Wilson

Sheree Julienne Wilson (born December 12, 1958) is an American actress and producer. 
She was born in Rochester, Minnesota. She was married (now divorced) to Paul DeRobbio, and has two sons: Luke (b. 1990) and Nicolas (b. 1997). She is best known for two television roles: April Stevens on "Dallas" (1986 to 1991), and Alexandra "Alex" Cahill-Walker, on "Walker, Texas Ranger" (1993-2001).

Slim Whitman

Ottis Dewey Whitman, Jr. (January 20, 1923 – June 19, 2013), known professionally as Slim Whitman, was an American country music and western music singer/songwriter and instrumentalist known for his yodeling abilities and his smooth high octave falsetto. He sold in excess of 120 million records.

Whitman was born on January 20, 1923 in Tampa, Florida. He was married to Alma Christ from 1942 until her death in 2009. They had two children. Whitman died on June 19, 2013 in Orange Park, Florida from heart failure, aged 90.


Robert Fogel

Robert William Fogel (July 1, 1926 – June 11, 2013) was an American economic historian and scientist, and winner (with Douglass North) of the 1993 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.

Fogel was born on July 1, 1926 in New York City, New York to Russian-Jewish parents. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Fogel graduated from Stuyvesant High School in 1944. He studied at Cornell University, at Columbia University, and at Johns Hopkins University. Fogel died on June 11, 2013, at a health services center in Oak Park, Illinois of a short illness, aged 86.


Wilbert Awdry

The Reverend Wilbert Vere Awdry, OBE (15 June 1911 – 21 March 1997), was an English cleric, railway enthusiast, and children's author. Simply known as the Reverend W. Awdry, he was the creator of Thomas the Tank Engine, the central figure in his acclaimed "Railway Series".

Awdry was born on 15 June 1911 in Ampfield, Hampshire. He was raised in Box, Wiltshire. Awdry was educated at Marlborough House School, Sussex (1919–24), Dauntseys School, West Lavington, Wiltshire (1924–9); St Peter's Hall, Oxford (BA, 1932), and Wycliffe Hall, Oxford.

He was married to Margaret Awdry from 1938 until her death in 1989. They had three children, Christopher Awdry, Hilary Fortnum and Veronica Chambers. Awdry died on 21 March 1997 in Rodborough, Stroud, Gloucestershire from natural causes, aged 85.


Eleanor Mondale

Eleanor Jane Mondale Poling (January 19, 1960 – September 17, 2011) was an American radio personality, television host, and actress.

Mondale was born on January 19, 1960 in Minneapolis, Minnesota to Walter Mondale and to Joan Mondale. She studied at St. Lawrence University.

Mondale was married to Keith Van Horne from 1988 until they divorced in 1989. Then she was married to Greg Malban from 1991 until they divorced a few months later in 1991. Then she was married to Chan Poling from 2005 until her death in 2011. Mondale died on September 17, 2011 in Minnesota from brain cancer, aged 51.


Declaration of Arbroath

The Declaration of Arbroath is a declaration of Scottish independence, made in 1320. It was a letter sent to Pope John XXII, dated 6 April 1320. The declaration confirmed Scotland's status as a independent, sovereign state and defended Scotland's right to use military action when unjustly attacked. The letter was signed at Arbroath by eight earls and thirty-one barons.

When King Alexander III of Scotland died in 1286, his heir was his granddaughter Margaret, Maid of Norway. In 1289, King Edward I of England negotiated to have his son, Edward II of England become her husband and share the crown of Scotland. But Margaret died on her way from Norway to Scotland in 1290. This began a period in Scotland called the First Interregnum (1290–1292). Scotland was without a monarch. Edward I stepped in to choose who would be king from among the candidates who had any claim to the throne. He chose John of Scotland. But, Edward treated the Scottish king badly. When King John tried to break free, Edward put him in prison, then allowed him to live in France. In 1296 Edward invaded Scotland with his army to take everything for himself. Scotland remained without a king until 1306 when Robert the Bruce declared himself king of Scotland defying Edward I. Just before doing this, Robert the Bruce had been involved in a dispute with John Comyn. The two met before the altar in Greyfriars Church in Dumfries in 1306 and a fight broke out. John Comyn was killed and Robert the Bruce was crowned king three weeks later at Scone. Accused of murdering Comyn, the Bruce was excommunicated by the Pope. During the wars that followed, the Scots won a major battle at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314. In 1317 the pope called for a two year truce, which Scotland ignored. For failing to listen to him, he excommunicated all of Scotland.

The Declaration was part of a larger plan to show the Pope and others that Scotland was an independent kingdom and had a right to rule itself. The English king Edward I had written to the pope before confirming his right to rule Scotland. For his part, the pope refused to accept Robert the Bruce as King of the Scots. 
Dated April 1320, the Declaration of Arbroath was a letter to Pope John XXII at Avignon from fifty leading men of Scotland. There were 39 names, (eight Scottish earls and thirty one barons), who signed the document with their seals. On strips on the bottom of the letter are seals and names of eleven more who signed. Bernard Linton, Chancellor of Scotland and Abbot of Arbroath is believed to be the author. It was written at the monastery of Arbroath in Scotland. 
The letter began by reminding the pope of Scotland's conversion to Christianity by Saint Andrew. That under the protection of the church, Scotland had lived in peace until King Edward I of England pretended to be their friend. He then invaded their country while it was without a king. The letter then told of the hardships they faced under English rule. Showing their resolution the letter stated:

The pope was impressed by the declaration and with the promise by the Scottish barons to support the pope's crusade. He encouraged Edward II to make peace with the Scots. The pope sent two delegates. The French king also wanted to see peace between England and Scotland and he sent two delegates. Peace talks went on until 1321 without the English recognizing Scottish independence. 
The English convinced the pope it was the fault of the Scottish that there was no progress. The pope issued six rulings against the Scots stating all invaders of England would be excommunicated and re-issued the excommunication against Robert the Bruce.

Finally in October 1328 a peace treaty was agreed to between Scotland and England. Edward III gave up all claims on Scotland. The interdict on Scotland and the excommunication of its king were finally removed. The second part of the treaty agreed that the son of Robert the Bruce, David II of Scotland and the sister of Edward III of England would marry. The wedding took place on 12 July of 1338 when David II, then four years old married Joan of the Tower, aged six, at the church at Berwick, Scotland.

In 1998 The United States Congress resolved that the US Declaration of Independence has been modeled on the Declaration of Arbroath. It was further resolved that April 6th was from that day on officially National Tartan Day in commemoration of that famous document.



Dansband

Dansband (dance band) is a term in Swedish that describes a band that plays dansbandsmusik ("dance band music"). It is used for bands in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden that perform live music from stage, allowing the audience to dance partner dance. Famous Swedish bands have been Curt Haagers, Ingmar Nordströms, Matz Bladhs, Sten & Stanley, Sven-Ingvars, Thorleifs, Vikingarna and Wizex.

Such bands were very popular in Sweden by the mid 1970s. By the end of the same decade, the genre began to go through hard times, due to the arrival of disco music.

Division of Griffith

The Division of Griffith is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was created in 1934. It is named for Sir Samuel Griffith, 9th Premier of Queensland, Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia, and principal author of the Constitution of Australia. It was represented from 1998 to 2013 by Kevin Rudd, who was Prime Minister of Australia from 2007 to 2010 and from June to September 2013. On 13 November 2013, Rudd announced that he would resign from parliament at the end of week and retire from politics.

Griffith is in the inner southern suburbs of Brisbane, including Balmoral, Bulimba, Camp Hill, Carina Heights, Coorparoo, Dutton Park, East Brisbane, Greenslopes, Highgate Hill, Hawthorne, Kangaroo Point, Morningside, Norman Park, Seven Hills, South Brisbane, and Woolloongabba, and parts of Annerley, Cannon Hill, Carina, Holland Park, Holland Park West, Mount Gravatt East, Murarrie, Tarragindi, and West End.


Siw Malmkvist

Siw Malmkvist (born 31 December 1936) is a Swedish singer. She was popular in West Germany in the 1960s and 1970s.

Over the River and Through the Wood

"Over the River and Through the Wood" is a Thanksgiving poem by Lydia Maria Child. It appeared in the second volume of her "Flowers for Children" in 1844. The original title of the poem is, "The New-England Boy's Song About Thanksgiving Day".

Boston College writes: "Starting with the familiar line, "Over the river and through the wood", this poem is easily Child’s most famous work. Child never revised the poem herself, but the verses changed over time, especially when they were set to music.

With its bouncing rhythms and high spirits, the poem draws on the writer’s childhood memories of visiting her grandfather’s house on Thanksgiving. Having gained notoriety for her ideas about race, Child kept her antislavery ideals out of this volume in an effort to avoid controversy and boost sales. "Flowers for Children" contains only two stories involving race, and they both avoid addressing racial prejudice head on. In this nostalgic poem, Child takes us back to the simple pleasures of a family holiday."

English Defence League

The English Defence League, or in short EDL, is a street protest group in the United Kingdom which is against Sharia law and Islamism. The group was founded in 2009 in Luton by Tommy Robinson. Groups including Unite Against Fascism (UAF) and Anonymous are against the EDL. EDL can also stand for the "European Defence League", also founded by Tommy Robinson. Tommy Robinson left the EDL in October 2013. Tim Ablitt became the new leader. A report found that 81% of EDL supporters are male.

Koko Taylor

Koko Taylor sometimes spelled KoKo Taylor (September 28, 1928 – June 3, 2009) was an American Chicago blues singer, popularly known as the "Queen of the Blues." She was known primarily for her rough, powerful vocals and traditional blues stylings.

Taylor was born on September 28, 1928 in Shelby County, Tennessee. She was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Taylor was married to Robert Taylor until they divorced in 1989. Then she was married to Hays Harris until her death in 2009. She had one daughter. Taylor died on June 3, 2009 in Chicago, Illinois from surgical complications, aged 80.


Jeopardy! Ultimate Tournament of Champions

The Jeopardy! Ultimate Tournament of Champions was a special tournament done during the 21st season of the American television game show "Jeopardy!". 145 contestants who won past "Jeopardy!" tournaments or won five games played in a 15 week tournament. It lasted from February 9 to May 25, 2005.

In this tournament, the two finalists from four rounds of play went against Ken Jennings, who is Season 21's biggest winner and, at the time, was the highest winner on a game show with $2,522,700. Those contestants played for a prize of $2,000,000. The two finalists were Brad Rutter and Jerome Vered. Rutter was the show's second-highest winner, while Vered had set a one-day winnings record of $34,000 in 1992. Rutter won the three-day final and the $2,000,000 prize, claiming the record from Jennings.



Cyrus McCormick

Cyrus Hall McCormick, Sr. (February 15, 1809 – May 13, 1884) was an American inventor and founder of the McCormick Harvesting Machine Company, which became part of International Harvester Company in 1902. He invented the crop machine the Reaper. From the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia, he and many members of his family became well known residents of Chicago. The McCormick Place is named after him.

McCormick was born on February 15, 1809 in Rockbridge County, Virginia. He lived in Raphine, Virginia. He was married to Nancy Fowler from 1835 until his death in 1884. They had four children. McCormick died from a stroke on May 13, 1884 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 75. He is buried in Graceland Cemetery in Uptown, Chicago.


Frank Zamboni

Frank Joseph Zamboni, Jr. (January 16, 1901 – July 27, 1988) was an American inventor, whose most famous invention is the modern Zamboni, a machine that smooths the ice in ice rinks. The name "Zamboni" is a registered trademark for these machines.

Zamboni was born on January 16, 1901 in Eureka, Utah. He was raised in Pocatello, Idaho and in Chicago, Illinois. Zamboni died on July 27, 1988 from cardiac arrest in Paramount, California, aged 87.


Sam Houston

Samuel "Sam" Houston (March 2, 1793 – July 26, 1863) was an American statesman, politician, and soldier. He is best known for his leading role in bringing Texas into the United States. Houston, Texas and Sam Houston State University was named after him.

Shortly afterwards, he relocated to Coahuila y Tejas, then a Mexican state, and became a leader of the Texas Revolution. Sam Houston supported annexation by the United States. When he assumed the governorship of Texas in 1859, Houston became the only person to have become the governor of two different U.S. states through direct, popular election, as well as the only state governor to have been a foreign head of state.

Houston was born on March 2, 1793 in Rockbridge County, Virginia. He was of an Irish-Scottish descent. Houston was married to Eliza Allen from 1829 until they divorced in 1837. Then he was married to Diana Rogers Gentry until they divorced. Then he was married to Margaret Moffette Lee from 1840 until his death in 1863. Houston had seven children. Houston died on July 26, 1863 in Huntsville, Texas from pneumonia, aged 70.


Leo Carbol

Leo Carbol (June 5, 1910 – November 13, 1991) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who played a total of 6 games in the NHL for the Chicago Black Hawks. 

Carbol played most his ice hockey career with the St. Louis Flyers of the American Hockey Association and the American Hockey League with a combined 12 seasons. He also played 1 season for the Minneapolis Millers and 20 games for the Buffalo Majors of the AHA. He also played for the Detroit Olympics of the IHL.

Cheer pheasant

The cheer pheasant ("Catreus wallichii") also known as Wallich's pheasant (in Nepal: "Kahir", "Chihir") is a vulnerable species of the pheasant family, Phasianidae. It is the only member of the genus "Catreus".

The species was named as "Phasianus wallichi" by the English zoologist Thomas Hardwicke in 1827; he named it after the Danish botanist Nathaniel Wallich. Later the name was changed to the present name by the English ornithologist John Gould.

The Cheer pheasant lacks the color and brilliance of most pheasants. The male has a brownish yellow plumage with black markings and a long gray crest; the skin of the face is red. Its long tail is mainly gray and brown, and has 18 feathers, something that puts this pheasant apart from similar species.

The female is smaller than the male, somewhat duller in plumage and more heavily marked, with reduced red facial skin, a shorter crest and lacking the male’s .
The Cheer pheasant is endemic to the western Himalayas; it is distributed in the highlands and scrublands (a place where small shrubs are abundant as well as small herbaceous plants, without trees) of the southern foothills, most frequently from of the western Himalayas, from north Pakistan, through Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Uttaranchal, India, to east to central Nepal.

Surveys in 1981 and 2003 in the Dhorpatan area of western Nepal found that there were 70 places where the birds were heard, suggesting that many birds exist in this area (approximately 200 birds). In another survey in 2010, Cheer pheasant was detected in 21 calling sites in Kullu district of Himachal Pradesh.
These pheasants tend to be fairly (traveling in groups) for much of the year, with groups of five to fifteen birds, but form monogamous pairs during the breeding season from late April to June. They breed on steep cliffs during summer and the number of eggs in a nest is relatively large; there are usually ten to eleven eggs in each nest, though in some cases there as many as 14.

The Cheer pheasants get most of their food from the ground, digging with is powerful beaks; they eat roots, tubers, bulbs, seeds, insects and other small animals. They look for food mainly during the morning and evening, walking in pairs or, sometimes, in family groups.

In studies made in upper Beas Valley, it was found that the Cheer pheasants were sensitive to the presence of humans.

Due to ongoing habitat loss, small population size and hunting in some areas, the Cheer pheasant is evaluated as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It is listed on Appendix I of CITES. The Cheer pheasant is legally protected in Nepal and India, and occurs in at least 12 protected areas in Himachal Pradesh, three in Uttar Pradesh and three in Nepal.

Attempts to reintroduce captive bred Cheer pheasants in Pakistan have been unsuccessful.


Brad Rutter

Bradford Gates "Brad" Rutter (born January 31, 1978) is the highest winner on the American television game show "Jeopardy!", and the highest winner on a game show.

Rutter became a five-time champion on "Jeopardy!" in 2000. He later won four tournaments: the Tournament of Champions in 2001, the Million Dollar Masters tournament in 2002, the Jeopardy! Ultimate Tournament of Champions in 2005, and the Jeopardy! Battle of the Decades in 2014 His win in the Ultimate Tournament of Champions made him the highest winner on a game show. This was later beaten by Ken Jennings in 2007 when Jennings won $500,000 on "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?". However, Rutter reclaimed the record after he won the Battle of the Decades tournament.

In February 2011, Rutter played against Jennings and an artificial intelligence computer called Watson. Rutter came in third place, losing to Watson. He won $200,000 for placing in third place. 

In January 2020, Rutter played against Jennings and James Holzhauer in Jeopardy! Greatest of All Time. The event was won by Jennings and Rutter finished in third place.

In addition to "Jeopardy!", Rutter also appeared on the game show "1 vs. 100" as part of the show's "mob." He played four times: on December 1, 2006, December 8, 2006, December 15, 2006, and February 9, 2007. In 2007, he appeared on the game show "Grand Slam". He lost to "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" contestant Ogi Ogas in the second round. In 2011, he appeared as part of a six-person team on the game show "Million Dollar Mind Game". His team won $600,000.

Alberto Zaccheroni

Alberto Zaccheroni (born 1 April 1953) is an Italian football manager. He led A.C. Milan to win the Serie A in 98/99. He currently manages the Japan national football team.


Susan Bogert Warner

Susan Bogert Warner (July 11, 1819 – March 17, 1885) was a popular 19th-century American writer. She wrote 30 books under the name, "Elizabeth Wetherell". 

She was born in New York City to upscale parents. She was privately educated. Her first book was the sentimental and moralistic "The Wide, Wide World" (1851). It is believed to be the first book by an American writer to sell one million copies.

Her novel "The Hills of the Shatemuc" (1856) sold 10,000 copies on the day of its publication. She wrote some children's books and Bible-themed books. She sometimes co-wrote with her sister, Anna. Anna wrote the popular children's hymn, "Jesus Loves Me This I Know". 

Susan Warner died in Highland Falls, New York. She is buried in the West Point Cemetery.

Mercy Otis Warren

Mercy Otis Warren (September 14, [September 25, New Style] 1728 – October 19, 1814) was a poet and playwright. She wrote political plays about the problematic situations that led to the American Revolution. "The Adulator" and "The Group" were published on the eve of the Revolution. Her later works included "Poems, Dramatic and Miscellaneous" and "History of the American Revolution".


Sarah Kemble Knight

Sarah Kemble Knight (1666–1727) was a colonial American businessperson and writer. She was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She managed the family business after her father's death. She wrote "The Journal of Madame Knight" while travelling between Boston and NYC on business. The book is valued for its authentic peek at colonial life in 18th-century America.

Frances Ellen Watkins Harper

Frances Ellen Watkins Harper (1825–1911) was an African American lecturer, suffragist, and writer. Her book of antislavery verse, "Poems on Miscellaneous Subjects" (1854), sold thousands of copies. Her "The Two Offers" (1859) was the first short story published by an African American. 

She was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She married Fenton Harper in 1860. She headed the African American department of the Woman’s Christian Temperance Union. She had a hand in organizing the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs, and became the organization's vice president. She died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

Ann Hennis Trotter Bailey

Ann Hennis Trotter Bailey (1742 – November 22, 1825) was a scout and a messenger during the American Revolutionary War. She is remembered for her 100-mile ride from Fort Clendenin to Fort Savannah in order to bring back much needed gun powder during an Indian attack.

Ann was born in Liverpool, England in 1742. She was poor and went to America when she was 19. In 1765, she married Richard Trotter. They moved to Staunton, Virginia. Richard was killed by Indians during the Battle of Point Pleasant on October 10, 1774. Ann swore to avenge his death.

She began wearing men’s clothing and learned to shoot a gun. She volunteered her services as a scout and messenger in the American Revolution. She sometimes met Indians during her trips to the frontier. They feared her because she was "mad". She was known as "Mad Ann".

She married John Bailey in 1785. He was a Ranger and frontiersman. In 1788, he began duty at Fort Clendenin. In 1791, Indians were planning to attack the Fort. The militia did not have enough gun powder to fight them. Ann volunteered to ride 100 miles to Fort Savannah for the needed gun powder. She returned a hero.

John Bailey died in 1802. Ann gave up her home. She lived in the wilderness for over 20 years. She travelled about visiting family and friends. She died on November 22, 1825. She was buried in Gallia County, Ohio. Her remains were moved to Point Pleasant at a later date.


Ethel Merman

Ethel Merman (born Ethel Agnes Zimmermann; January 16, 1908 – February 15, 1984) was an American actress and singer. She was known for her powerful voice and roles in musical theatre. She was the first to sing many famous Broadway songs. "There's No Business Like Show Business" became her theme song.

One of Merman's best remembered performances was as the stage mother in "". Merman was nominated for a Tony Award. She lost to her close friend Mary Martin in "The Sound of Music". Rosalind Russell was given the role in the movie. Merman said it was "The greatest professional disappointment of my life.".

Merman was married and divorced four times:

Merman had two children with Levitt: Ethel (born July 20, 1942), and Robert, Jr. (born August 11, 1945). Ethel Levitt died on August 23, 1967, of an accidental drug overdose. Merman's son was married to actress Barbara Colby. She was shot and killed for no known motive in Los Angeles in 1975.

Fernandel

Fernand Joseph Désiré Contandin was a French actor and singer. He is usually called Fernandel. 

He was born on 8 May 1903 in Marseille, France. He acted in comedies for vaudeville and operettas. He was best known for his role in the "Don Camillo" series of movies. His first Hollywood movie was "Around the World in Eighty Days".

Fernandel died 26 February 1971 from lung cancer. He is buried in the Cimetière de Passy, Paris, France.

East Rutherford, New Jersey

East Rutherford, New Jersey is a place in Bergen County, New Jersey. It is close to Manhattan. It has several major local sports teams based at MetLife Stadium and the Meadowlands Sports Complex.


Sake Dean Mohammed

Sake Dean Mahomed (; 1759 – 24 February 1851) was an Indian traveler, surgeon and entrepreneur. He introduced South Asian cuisine (and Indian) and shampoo baths to Europe, where he also offered therapeutic massage., in addition to that he was the first Indian writer to be published in English.

At the age of 11, Mahomed joined the East India Company Army and rose to the rank of captain. He fought in a number of campaigns until 1782 when he resigned from the army and two years later arrived in Britain. Staying in Ireland he wrote and published his book, The Travels of Dean Mahomet. He later moved to Portman Square where he became an assistant to Sir Basil Cochrane at his vapour bath.

This is where Mr Mahomed is said to have added an Indian treatment, champi (shampooing) or therapeutic massage, to Cochrane's bath which became very fashionable.

Sake Dean Mahomed also developed a fashionable massage.

In 1810 he opened the Hindoostane Coffee House which was located off of George Street, near Portman Square, Central London. The restaurant served Hookah with real Chilm tobacco and Indian-style dishes. The premises is now a building called Carlton House.

To many who are now part of the city's expansive curry house business, Mahomed was a pioneer.

Although forced to declare bankruptcy in 1812, he created a concept that was to become something of a phenomenon 100 years later, said Vivek Singh, chef at the Cinnamon Club, a Westminster restaurant serving New Indian cuisine.

Mr Mahomed's plan had been to serve "Indianised" British food which would appeal to the Indian aristocracy in London as well as British people who had returned from India, he said.

"The Indian aristocracy however would not come out to eat in the restaurant because they had chefs at home cooking more authentic food - it was just not a big enough draw to come out."

A few years later he opened special treatment baths on the seafront at East Cliff, Brighton.

He died in 1851 and was buried in St Nicholas' churchyard in Brighton

Johann David Wyss

Johann David Wyss (28 May 1743 – 11 January 1818) was a Swiss writer. He wrote ""Swiss Family Robinson" in 1812.

Dorothy McGuire

Dorothy McGuire (June 14, 1916 – September 13, 2001) was an American stage and movie actress. She appeared in plays on Broadway, including "Our Town" and then starring in a comedy, "Claudia". After being discovered to be a good actress on the stage, she had a more successful career in movies. She appeared in "A Summer Place", "Old Yeller", "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn" and "Swiss Family Robinson".

James MacArthur

James Gordon MacArthur (December 8, 1937 – October 28, 2010) was an American actor. He appeared in four Walt Disney movies including "Swiss Family Robinson" and "Kidnapped". He played Danny "Danno" Williams in the television series "Hawaii Five-O".

What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?

What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? is a 1962 black and white movie thriller-horror movie starring Joan Crawford and Bette Davis. It is about two aged women who are sisters and ex-movie actresses. It was directed by Robert Aldrich.


HIM Damsyik

Hajji Incik Muhammad Damsyik (14 March 1929 – 3 February 2012), better known as HIM Damsyik, was an Indonesian dancer and actor.


Kidnapped (movie)

Kidnapped is a Walt Disney movie from 1960. It stars James MacArthur and Peter O'Toole. It is based on the book, "Kidnapped", by Robert Louis Stevenson.

The Light in the Forest

The Light in the Forest is a 1958 Walt Disney movie starring James MacArthur and Fess Parker; it is based on a 1953 book by Conrad Richter. 

Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier

Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier is a 1955 Walt Disney movie starring Fess Parker as Davy Crockett.

Now, Voyager

Now, Voyager is a movie from 1942. It stars Bette Davis, Paul Henreid, and Claude Rains. It was directed by Irving Rapper. The screenplay is based on the book of the same name from 1941 by Olive Higgins Prouty.

Dark Victory

Dark Victory is an American drama movie from 1939. It was directed by Edmund Goulding. It stars Bette Davis, George Brent, Humphrey Bogart, Geraldine Fitzgerald and Ronald Reagan. The screenplay was based on a play of the same title from 1934 by George Brewer and Bertram Bloch.

The Star

The Star might refer to:


Of Human Bondage

Of Human Bondage is a 1934 movie starring Bette Davis and Leslie Howard. It is based on a book by W. Somerset Maugham.

Romeo and Juliet (1936 movie)

Romeo and Juliet is a 1936 American movie starring Leslie Howard, John Barrymore, Edna Mae Oliver, Basil Rathbone, and Norma Shearer. It was directed by George Cukor. It is based on a play by William Shakespeare. It was nominated for four Academy Awards in 1937.

Conrad Richter

Conrad Michael Richter (October 13, 1890 – October 30, 1968) was an American writer. He wrote "The Light in the Forest". The book was made into a Walt Disney movie. One of his novels won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1951.

Tony McCoy (actor)

Tony McCoy (July 5, 1924 - August 2, 2000) was an American actor. He played police Lt. Craig in Ed Wood's 1956 sci-fi horror movie "Bride of the Monster". This movie also starred Bela Lugosi, Tor Johnson, Paul Marco, and Loretta King.

Kuusamo

Kuusamo is a town in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It is in the eastern part of Lapland. Kuusamo has an area of . As of January 2014, it had a population of almost 16,000 people. Neighbouring municipalities are Posio, Salla, Suomussalmi and Taivalkoski. Oulanka National Park is in the areas of Kuusamo and Salla. 

There is also an airport in Kuusamo.


Phil Bessler

Philip Rudolph Bessler (December 9, 1913 – February 13, 1995) was a Canadian ice hockey right winger that played a total of 31 games in the NHL.

Bessler played in the NHL with the Boston Bruins for 9 games, the Detroit Red Wings for 5 games and the Chicago Black Hawks for 17 games. He has also played with the Boston Cubs of the Canadian-American Hockey League for 2 seasons and the Pittsburgh Hornets, Cleveland Barons, and the Providence Reds of the International-American Hockey League. He played 3 seasons with Omaha Knights of the American Hockey Association and then retired from professional ice hockey.

Forssa

Forssa is a town in Finland. On 31 July 2013, there were 17,724 people living there.


Quidditch

Quidditch is a fictional sport in the Harry Potter books written by J. K. Rowling. Quidditch is a team game played by witches and wizards. It is played on flying brooms. There are seven players per team (three Chasers, two Beaters, a Keeper, and a Seeker). The game has many rules. Chasers shoot the Quaffle (the ball) into the other team's goal to score points. The Keeper tries to stop the Quaffle from getting through the goal. Players dodge Bludgers, balls that are charmed to hit players. Players called Beaters hit Bludgers away with bats. The game ends when the Seeker player catches a winged ball called the Snitch. The team of the Seeker who caught the Snitch gets 150 points. In 2005 a real sport called muggle quidditch was started at Middlebury College.

 

Mono

Mono may refer to:










Connector

Connector is general name for an electric connector, an electromechanical device for connecting electrical conductors.

Examples: 

Bactrian

Bactrian may refer to:

Tony McCoy

Anthony Peter McCoy OBE (born 4 May 1974), commonly known as A. P. McCoy or Tony McCoy, is a horse racing jockey from Northern Ireland. He lives and races in England. 

McCoy won for the first time in 1992. He was 17 years of age at the time. McCoy has rode over 3,850 winning horses. This is many more than any other National Hunt jockey ever. McCoy has been Champion Jockey every year he has been professional. Even in his first season riding in Britain, McCoy won the Conditional Jump Jockeys Title with a record 74 winners for a conditional jockey. McCoy got his first Champion Jockey title in 1995/6. As of 2012/2013, he has won the title 18 times in a row. The old record was 7 consecutive titles by Peter Scudamore. 

McCoy has won almost every big race there is. His most high profile winners include the Cheltenham Gold Cup, Champion Hurdle, Queen Mother Champion Chase, King George VI Chase and the 2010 Grand National, riding the horse "Don't Push It". 

McCoy has raced in over 13,000 races. This is equal to 31,000 miles or 1.25 times around the Earth. He has had many falls since becoming a jump jockey. McCoy has injured many bones in his body. These include middle and lower vertebrae, both shoulder blades, ribs, an ankle, cheekbones, a wrist, a leg, collar bone, fingers and teeth. 

McCoy was named BBC Sports Personality of the Year in 2010. He was the first jockey to win the award.

Lockheed-Martin X-35

The Lockheed-Martin X-35 is a prototype aircraft designed and built in the United States. It was selected against the Boeing X-32 for the Joint Strike Fighter program. Three variants of X-35 were built. Series aircrafts are known like F-35 Lightning II.



The Rebel

The Rebel is a television series. It aired on ABC from 1959 to 1961. It starred Nick Adams as Johnny Yuma. The series was about an ex-Confederate soldier wandering through the post-Civil War West in search of peace.

Nick Adams

Nick Adams (July 10, 1931February 7, 1968) was an American actor. He starred in the television series "The Rebel" between 1959 and 1961.


Bedtime for Bonzo

Bedtime for Bonzo is a comedy movie starring Ronald Reagan. It is about a chimpanzee named Bonzo. It was followed by "Bonzo Goes to College" in 1952 and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Hellcats of the Navy

Hellcats of the Navy is a 1957 American World II drama movie starring Ronald Reagan and Nancy Davis, his future wife and First Lady.

Santa Fe Trail (movie)

Santa Fe Trail is a 1940 historical romantic movie about the capture of John Brown at Harper's Ferry, Virginia. A subplot involves a love triangle. The movie stars Ronald Reagan as Jeb Stuart, Errol Flynn as George Custer, Raymond Massey as John Brown, and Olivia de Havilland as 'Kit Carson' Holliday.

The Santa Fe trail was also a trail like the Oregon trail

The Fall of the Roman Empire (movie)

The Fall of the Roman Empire (1964) is an historical movie starring Stephen Boyd, Christopher Plummer, Sophia Loren, and Alec Guinness. It is about ancient Roman history. It is sometimes considered the last of the big-budget peplum movies.

Commodus (Christopher Plummer) is disinherited by his father Marcus Aurelius (Alec Guiness), by adopting a step-son, his favorite general Livius (Stephen Boyd). As a result, Commodus murders his father, and becomes emperor and rules as a tyrant.


Judson Mills

Judson Mills (born May 10, 1969 in Washington, DC) is an American actor. He played 'Francis Gage' in the 1990s television series, "Walker, Texas Ranger".

ViSalus

ViSalus is a health and fitness products company that sells weight-management products, energy drinks, and nutritional supplements. The company is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA and Troy, MI and is majority-owned by Blyth, Inc. ViSalus' Chief Marketing Officer is Blake Mallen and Ryan Blair is the Chief Executive Officer.

In 2005, Blake Mallen, Ryan Blair, and Miamian Nick Sarnicola founded ViSalus. In 2008, Blyth, Inc. purchased a stake in the company and increased its ownership to almost seventy-five percent. In 2013, the company expanded to the United Kingdom, with an office in Guilford. Ros Simmons was appointed as Managing Director of ViSalus for the United Kingdom.

ViSalus is best known for its Vi 90-Day Challenge, a health challenge for customers. ViSalus also markets products including NEURO, Vi-Net, Vi-Net Mobile, and Vi-Shape Nutritional Shake Mix. The company sells its products in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. ViSalus uses direct marketing and employs 92,000 promoters. In 2012, the Miami Herald reported that Hulk Hogan and Alfonso Ribeiro endorsed ViSalus products.


Aloysius Gonzaga

Saint Aloysius Gonzaga (9 March 1568 - 21 June 1591) was born in the family's castle of Castiglione delle Stiviere in Italy and died at 23 while in training to be a Jesuit. He is a saint in the Roman Catholic Church.

In 1576, at the age of eight, he was sent to Florence with his brother at the court of the Duke of Florence. After leaving Florence he met St. Charles Borromeo and from him received First Communion. 

After a period at the court in Spain he returned to Italy and he renounced his heritage in favor of his brother. Though in delicate health, he cared for those suffering from an epidemic in Rome, hence his early death. 

He was beatified in 1605 and made saint in 1726. 

The feast day is celebrated on June 21.


Tuber

A tuber is the thickened part of an underground stem of a plant, such as the potato, with buds from which new plant shoots (stems and young leaves of a new plant) grow.

Most tubers are formed in the ground, but sometimes they can be formed above the ground, in the aerial stems; that is the case of the air potato ("Dioscorea bulbifera").

Tuber stems (or part of stems) are made bigger to store nutrients. Starch (formed by a lot of glucose molecules) is the most commonly stored food in the tubers, although other carbohydrates, such as inuline (formed by many fructose molecules), are stored in the tubers of certain kinds of plants, like the Jerusalem artichoke ("Helianthus tuberosus").

The purpose of tubers are saving food and reproduction. Under natural conditions, the parts of the stem that connect the tubers with the main stem die in the autumn or winter. The tubers are left in the ground and are able to produce shoots from their buds the following spring.

Potatoes are also artificially reproduced by tuber pieces, called "seed pieces". A tuber is cut into pieces, each with one or more "eyes" (an "eye" of potato is a group of buds covered by very small leaves). These pieces are planted and each produces a new plant from one of its "eyes".

A tuberous root or storage root, is a modified lateral root, made bigger to function as a storage organ; sometimes these roots are called "tubers" but they are roots, not modified stems like the true tubers. They are thus different in origin but similar in function and appearance to tubers. Examples of plants with important tuberous roots include the sweet potato, cassava, yam and dahlia.


Chinese Americans

Chinese American describes citizens of the United States who have come from China or whose family came from China. They are the largest group of Asian Americans. Famous Chinese Americans include Yo Yo Ma, Bruce Lee and George Li. As of 2010 there are nearly 4 million Chinese Americans, just over 1% of the total population of the U.S.



PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale

PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale is a crossover fighting video game for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita game consoles. It was developed by SuperBot Entertainment and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America. It was released in North America on November 20, 2012, in Europe on November 21, 2012, and in Japan on January 31, 2013.

The game plays similar to Nintendo's "Super Smash Bros." series. The point of the game is to beat the character(s) you are fighting by knocking them off of the stage. During a match, players can collect orbs that are in a stage. Collecting orbs builds up a power meter that is at the bottom of the screen. When a player is hit, their meter goes down. When the meter is full, the player can use one of three very powerful attacks that can be used to beat opponents and get points. Up to four players can battle with characters from Sony's video games, including "God of War", "Sly Cooper" and "PaRappa the Rapper".


There are many different items from Sony's different series that can be picked up and used by players. They can be used by players to do better in the match or hurt opponents.

There are 14 stages in the game. Each stage is based on a combination of two games. For example, the stage "Stowaways" is based on the games "Uncharted" and "Bioshock Infinite".


Lily of the valley

Lily of the valley is a flowering plant. It is found in the Northern Hemisphere in Asia and Europe. It is also in the southern Appalachian Mountains in the United States. The scientific name is Convallaria majalis.

Lily of the valley is a herbaceous perennial plant. The flower has a sweet scent and also national flower in Finland. The plant is highly poisonous. They bloom in late spring. 


Sarah Bolger

Sarah Bolger (born 28 February 1991) is an Irish actress who stars primarily in movies. She played Christy in the movie "In America". She was also in "Stormbreaker". Her most famous role is Mary Tudor, daughter of Henry VIII in "The Tudors". She portrayed Princess Aurora in season two and three of Once Upon A Time. Sarah was born in Dublin, Ireland.

Streaplers

Streaplers is a dansband from the town of Mölndal in Sweden. It was established in 1959.


Chips (band)

Chips was a country and schlager group from Sweden. It was active from 1979 to 1983. When consisting of Elisabeth Andreassen and Kikki Danielsson, the group represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982 with the song "Dag efter dag", finishing eighth.





Wizex

Wizex is a dansband from Sweden. It was established in 1973. With Kikki Danielsson as vocalist, the band participated att Melodifestivalen in 1978 with the song "Miss Decibel", finishing second behind the Björn Skifs song "Det blir alltid värre framåt natten".



Thorleifs

Thorleifs was a dansband from Sweden. It was active between 1962 and 2012.







Monarchy of Pakistan

The Monarchy of Pakistan was the form of government of the Dominion of Pakistan from 1947 to 1956. Under this system, Pakistan was an independent Commonwealth realm with a hereditary, constitutional monarch as the head of state. The monarch was the monarch of the United Kingdom, and was also shared with a number of other countries. The role of the monarch was defined under the Constitution. Most of the monarch's duties were carried out by the Governor-General of Pakistan.

The monarchy of Pakistan was created by the Indian Independence Act of 1947. This act, made by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, divided its British India into two new countries: India and Pakistan, each of which became an independent constitutional monarchy. Succession to the throne of Pakistan was, like that of the United Kingdom, governed by the Act of Settlement 1701.

Pakistan Adopted a New constitution on the 23rd of March in 1956. This constitution abolished the monarchy, making Pakistan a Republic in the Commonwealth of Nations. Pakistan left the Commonwealth on the 30th of January in 1972 over the Rebellious issue of the former East Pakistan province becoming a separate Independent Bangladesh. It re-joined on the 1st of October in 1989, then was Suspended from the Commonwealth twice: firstly from the 18th of October in 1999 to the 22nd of May in 2004 and secondly from the 22nd of November in 2007 to the 22nd of May in 2008-present.

Silvertip shark

The silvertip shark ("Carcharhinus albimarginatus"), is a large species of requiem shark, family Carcharhinidae, found in the Indian and Pacific Ocean. This shark has white tips on its fins. With an average length of 2-2.5 metres, the silvertip shark rarely reaches the length of 3 meters.

The silvertip shark is slender with a long and broadly rounded snout. The eyes are large and round. An interdorsal ridge is present on this species. The first dorsal fin is large with a pointed apex. It originates over or slightly in front of the free tips of the pectoral fins. The second dorsal fin originates over or just behind the origin of the anal fin. The pectoral fins are large and semifalcate with narrowly rounded or pointed tips. The caudal fin is asymmetrical in shape with a rather large upper lobe. 
The top of the body is dark grey or grey-brown with a bronzy sheen, and the underside is white. A white band, which is not clearly visible, is on its flank. 

The silvertip shark may be confused with the grey reef shark ("Carcharhinus amblyrhynchos"), but the grey reef shark has dark tips on the pectoral fins and trailing edge of the caudal fin. Also, the whitetip reef shark ("Triaenodon obesus") is similar in appearance to the silvertip shark. Although both shark species have white markings on the dorsal and caudal fins, the whitetip reef shark doesn't have these markings on the tips of the pectoral fins. The whitetip reef shark also has a more square-shaped snout.
The silvertip shark has 12-14 teeth on each jaw. The upper teeth are broad and strongly jagged. 

Silvertip sharks are found over continental and island shelves and offshore banks. They prefer offshore islands, coral reefs and banks to depths of 800 m. They are common in tropical oceans. 

They have been found in the western Indian Ocean: the Red Sea and of East Africa, including Madagascar, Seychelles, Aldabra Group, Mauritius and the Chagos Archipelago. In the western Pacific they are found off southern Japan to northern Australia and French Polynesia. In the eastern central Pacific they are found off southern Baja California, Mexico to Colombia, including the Cocos, Galápagos, and Revillagigedo Islands. 

This shark is a great hunter and is very stealthy. They are usually found in shallow waters, making them one of the most commonly seen sharks. Its unpredictable behaviour and aggressive hunting tactics make it a higher threat to humans than most other sharks.

Prey of the silvertip shark include benthic and midwater fish such as wahoo, eagle rays, wrasses, and tunas as well as small sharks. This shark also feeds on octopuses and squid. The silvertip shark has been observed swimming along the edge of a group of other species of feeding sharks, taking food from them.

The silvertip shark is viviparous, meaning that they give live birth. Courtship is a little different in these sharks and they are known to hold each other. Bites are normal, so much so that a female Silvertip shark has been found without a part of the dorsal fin after mating. Mating occurs in the summer. During the gestation period that could extend to a year, the embryos feed from the yolk and once the yolk is exhausted, the yolk-sac modifies itself into a placental connection through which the newborns feed from the mother.

The newborns are born in litters (normally 5 to 6 but can be from 1 to 11) and are anywhere between 63 to 81 centimeters or 25 to 32 inches long. The females are considered sexually mature once they grow to be about 2 meters long and in the case of males, it is 1.8 meters. The pups are known to swim with the mother shark in shallow waters before becoming independent.

Silvertip sharks are somewhat dangerous. According to the International Shark Attack File (ISAF), there have been four unprovoked attacks by this species on humans, with no deaths. Arguably, humans are much more dangerous to the shark. Silvertips are caught by commercial and artisan fisheries across their range using longlines, gillnets, and trawls, both intentionally and as bycatch. Their fins are highly valued for shark-fin soup and are sold on the export market, along with their skin and cartilage.
This species is vulnerable to overfishing (like almost all sharks) due to its slow reproductive rate. The IUCN has listed the silvertip shark as near threatened, and has noted that it may be approaching the criteria for vulnerable.

The silvertip shark is caught by fisheries in Indonesia, Myanmar and the Philippines. In the Philippines, it is in the top ten most caught species by number (0.73%), and weight (2.6%), with individuals ranging in size from 2.1-2.4 metres, and averaging 23 kg in weight. 

Arvingarna

Arvingarna is a dansband from the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It was established in 1989. The band represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 with the song "Eloise", finishing seventh.



Sten &amp; Stanley

Sten & Stanley is a dansband from the town of Karlskoga in Sweden. It was established in 1962.



Flamingokvintetten

Flamingokvintetten is a dansband from the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It was established in 1960.



Open University

The Open University (OU) is a distance learning and research university founded by Royal Charter in the United Kingdom.

The university is funded by the British state, and by student fees and contract income. It has an open entry policy. This means that students' previous academic achievements are not taken into account for entry to most undergraduate courses. Most OU undergraduate students are based in the United Kingdom and study off-campus. Many of its courses (both undergraduate and postgraduate) can be studied off-campus anywhere in the world.

There are a number of full-time postgraduate research students based on the 48 hectare university campus where they use the OU facilities for research, as well as more than 1000 members of academic and research staff and over 2500 administrative, operational and support staff.

The OU was established in 1969 and the first students enrolled in January 1971. The University administration is based at Walton Hall, Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire, but has regional centres in each of its thirteen regions around the United Kingdom. It also has offices and regional examination centres in most other European countries. The University awards undergraduate and postgraduate degrees, as well as non-degree qualifications such as diplomas and certificates, or continuing education units.

With more than 250,000 students enrolled, including around 32,000 aged under 25 and more than 50,000 overseas students, it is the largest academic institution in the United Kingdom (and one of the largest in Europe) by student number. It is one of the world's largest universities. Since it was founded, more than 1.5 million students have studied its courses.

The OU was rated top university in England and Wales for student satisfaction in 2005, 2006, second in 2007, and top in 2012. These were United Kingdom government national student satisfaction surveys. Out of 132 universities and colleges, the OU was ranked 43rd (second quartile) in the "Times Higher Education" Table of Excellence in 2008. It was rated highly in Design, Art History, English, Earth and Environmental Sciences, Computer Science, Development Studies, Social Policy and Social Work, and Sociology. It was ranked overall as a nationally top forty, and globally top five hundred university by the "Academic Ranking of World Universities" in 2011, as well as being ranked 247 for citations of its academics.

The Open University is also one of only three United Kingdom higher education institutions to gain accreditation in the United States of America by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education, an institutional accrediting agency, recognized by the United States Secretary of Education and the Council for Higher Education Accreditation.

The Open University enrollments for undergraduate courses have dropped from a peak in 2009/10 of 209,705 to the latest published figure of 121,395 in 2016/17. According to The Guardian, this was caused mainly by the government. In 2012 it allowed fees for part-time degrees to rise to £6,750 per year, whilst severely limiting maintenance grants for students. Part-time courses at traditional universities in the U.K. have also suffered a drop in enrollment.

Poppy Montgomery

Poppy Montgomery (born 19 June 1972) is an Australian actress. She is best known for playing Samantha Spade on the television series "Without a Trace". She acts mostly on television but has done a small number of movies. She played Caroline Tate in "The Other Sister" in 1999. Montgomery was born in Sydney.

Vikingarna

Vikingarna was a dansband from Sweden. It was established in 1958, and disbanded in 2004.


Lasse Stefanz

Lasse Stefanz is a dansband from the town of Kristianstad in Sweden. It was established in 1967.




Point mutation

A point mutation is a "single base substitution". It is the smallest type of mutation possible.

In a point mutation, either:

A nonsense mutation is a point mutation in a DNA sequence that leads to an early stop codon. This appears as a nonsense codon in the transcribed mRNA. Most of the time, the protein that is translated from this mRNA does not work.

Peugeot P4

The Peugeot P4 is a car made by Peugeot. It is a 4WD vehicle used mainly by militaries. It was based on the Mercedes-Benz G-Class. It is used by the French Army. Some versions are used by French Gendarmerie, French Navy, and French Air Force troops. The P4 was first built for use in 1981.

Boeing VC-25

The Boeing VC-25 is a military variant of the 747-200B airliner. It is used by the United States Air Force for the president of the United States and U.S. federal government transport. It is called "Air Force One", when the president is on board. Only two examples were built.

SOCATA TB-30 Epsilon

The SOCATA TB-30 Epsilon is a military training light aircraft designed and built by SOCATA in Tarbes, France. With one engine and a crew of two, teacher and student, it looks like many other training aircraft. It is used by France, Portugal, Senegal, and Togo.

Embraer Emb-121 Xingu

The Embraer Emb-121 Xingu is a twin-engines light transport plane. It is both civilian and military aircraft. It's built by Embraer in Brazil. From 1982, it is used by the French Air Force and the French Navy as a training aircraft.

Nakajima Ki-43

The Nakajima Ki-43 was one of the major fighter aircrafts of the World War II in Japan. Called "Oscar" by the Allies it was used in all major Japaneses operations between 1942 and 1945. After the war it was used by China, France, Indonesia, and North Korea.

Fiat CR.42 Falco

The Fiat CR.42 Falco is a biplane fighter aircraft used by fascist air force in the World War II and before in the Spanish Civil War. Built by Fiat, it was used until 1943. Some of them were captured by Royal Air Force. "Falco" is the Italian word for "falcon".

Sven-Ingvars

Sven-Ingvars is a dansband from Slottsbron in Sweden. It was established in 1956. The band was popular back in the 1960s, before a 1991 performance at Hultsfredsfestivalen led to a revival throughout the 1990s.



HV71

HV71 is an ice hockey club that plays its home games in the Husqvarna Garden in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. The club was established on 24 May 1971. It was a result of two local clubs Husqvarna IF and Vätterstads IK joining forces on their ice hockey sections.

HV71 won the Swedish national championship in 1995, 2004, 2008, 2010 and 2017. They also lost the finals of 2009.


Luleå HF

Luleå HF is an ice hockey club in the town of Luleå in Sweden. The club was established on 2 May 1977.

Luleå HF won the Swedish national championship in 1996. It also lost the finals in 1993, 1997 and 2013.


Malmö Redhawks

Malmö Redhawks is an ice hockey club in Malmö, Sweden. The club started on 28 February 1972, out of the Malmö FF ice hockey section. The original name was Malmö IF. The name was changed in 1996.

The club won the Swedish national championship in 1992 and 1994. It also won the IIHF European Cup in 1992.


IF Björklöven

IF Björklöven is an ice hockey club in the town of Umeå in Sweden. The club was established on 15 May 1970 as IFK/SSK, Umeå when the clubs of IFK Umeå and Sandåkerns SK merged their ice hockey sections. The name was changed in 1971.

IF Björklöven won the Swedish national championship in 1987. They also lost the finals of 1982 and 1988.


Linköping HC

Linköping HC is an ice hockey club in the town of Linköping in Sweden. The club was established on out of the BK Kenty ice hockey section 4 August 1976.

Linköpings HC progressed to the Swedish top division for first time in 1999. The club made it to the Swedish national finals in 2007 and 2008. They lost both times.


Mora IK

Mora IK is an ice hockey club in the town of Mora in Sweden. The club was established in 1935. The club lost the Swedish national championship final of 1950 wih 2-7 to Djurgårdens IF.

The club played several seasons the old Swedish top division, Divison 1 between the mid-1940s and the mid-1970s. In 2004, Mora IK qualifyed for the Swedish top division, playing four straight seasons before being relegated in 2008.


Hockeyallsvenskan

Hockeyallsvenskan is the second division for ice hockey in Sweden, where the best teams qualify for Kvalserien, a qualifying competition for the Swedish Hockey League (formerly Elitserien).

Allsvenskan was established in 1983 as an Elitserien pre-qualifying competition, back then starting after Christmas consisting of the autumn season's most successful Divison 1 teams. From the 1999/2000 season, Allsvenskan became played throughout the entire regular seasons, consisting of a northern and a southern group. From the 2005/2006 season, both groups were merged into one.


Vasaloppet

Vasaloppet is an annual cross-country skiing competition in Sweden. It started off in 1922 and has been a part of Worldloppet as long as Worldloppet has been around. Nowadays it is held the first Sunday in March each year.

The competition runs from Sälen to Mora. Women were banned from participating between 1924 and 1980, due to the length of the race (90 kilometers). In 1997, an official women's award was established.

The race is held to commemorate the historical events related to Gustav Vasa back in the early 1520's.




Malmö FF

Malmö FF is an association football club in the town of Malmö in Sweden. The club was established on 24 February 1910.

The club has won the Swedish national championship twenty times: in 1944, 1949, 1950, 1951, 1953, 1965, 1967, 1970, 1971, 1974, 1975, 1977, 1986, 1988, 2004, 2010, 2013 2014 2016 2017 2020 2021. They have won the Swedish cup fourteen times (1944, 1946, 1947, 1951, 1953, 1967, 1973, 1974, 1975, 1978, 1980, 1984, 1986 and 1989), which makes them the most successful team in Sweden in history, in terms of the number of titles in these competitions.


Walter Stewart, 6th High Steward of Scotland

Walter Stewart (1292–1327) a Scottish nobleman and knight, he was the 6th hereditary High Steward of Scotland. He was also the father of King Robert II of Scotland.

Walter was born in 1292. He was the son of James Stewart, 5th High Steward of Scotland and Gilles (or "Egidia") de Burgh. Walter was one of the Scottish leaders at the Battle of Bannockburn. Just before the battle began Walter along with his cousin James Douglas, Lord of Douglas were knighted by King Robert the Brucealong with many others. Both he and James Douglas were both leaders of the left battalion in the battle. He took part of all the Wars of Scottish Independence between Robert the Bruce and Edward II of England.

The king sent Walter to bring home his wife Queen Elizabeth and daughter princess Marjory from Berwick. They had been held prisoner by the English for eight years. Walter then married the princess Marjory.

During the king's absence in Ireland the High Steward and Sir James Douglas managed government affairs and spent time defending the Scottish Borders. Upon the capture of Berwick-upon-Tweed from the English in 1318 he was placed in command of the town. On 24 July 1319 the town was attacked by King Edward II of England. Several of the siege engines were destroyed by the Scots' garrison and the Steward suddenly rushed in force from the town to drive off the enemy. In 1322, with Douglas and Thomas Randolph, he made an attempt to surprise the English King at Byland Abbey, near Malton, Yorkshire. Edward, however, escaped, pursued towards York by The Steward and 500 horsemen.

Walter, Steward of Scotland, made a charter to John St. Clair, his valet, of the lands of Maxton, Roxburghshire, circa 1320/1326, one of the witnesses being "Roberto de Lauwedir (Robert de Lauder) tunc justiciario Laudonie" (Justiciar of Lothian).

Walter married, in 1315, Marjorie, only daughter of Robert I of Scotland by his first wife Isabella of Mar. The Lordship of Largs, taken from John Balliol, was given to Walter by Robert the Bruce, who also gave him the Farme Castle lands in Rutherglen as well as other lands and the barony of Bathgate, Linlithgowshire. Walter and Marjorie had one son:

Walter later married Isabel de Graham, daughter of Sir John Graham of Abercorn and Mary of Strathearn. They had three children:


Modo Hockey

Modo Hockey is an ice hockey club in the town of Örnsköldsvik in Sweden. The club was established in 1921 as Alfredshems IK before becoming Modo AIK in 1963 and Modo HK (or Modo Hockey) in 1987.

Modo Hockey won the Swedish national championship in 1979 and 2007. They also played in the finals and lost in 1994, 1999 and the year 2000.


Sweden men's national ice hockey team

The Sweden men's national ice hockey team () represents the country of Sweden in men's ice hockey. The team started in 1920. It won the world championships in 1953, 1957, 1962, 1987, 1991, 1992, 1998, 2006, 2013, 2017 and 2018. They also became Olympic champions in 1994 and 2006.

Grace Lee Boggs

Grace Lee Boggs (June 27, 1915 – October 5, 2015) was a Chinese-American social rights activist, philosopher, and author. She took part in numerous women's rights, civil rights, labor rights, environmental justice, and black power movements. Boggs got a Ph.D. in philosophy at the age of 25, which was very uncommon at the time, especially for a Chinese-American. In 1992, Boggs and her later husband James Boggs started a program called Detroit Summer, which was made as a recreation of the Freedom Summer Program (otherwise known as the Mississippi Summer Program), but for youths. The program was an opportunity for local youth to grow leadership skills and to empower them to improve their communities. In 2013, Boggs was featured in a PBS documentary "American Revolutionary: The Evolution of Grace Lee Boggs", which focused on her political views, actions, and steps she took to make a difference in the community and in the world. Boggs also founded an organization called the Boggs Center and helped start a charter school called the James and Grace Lee Boggs School a few years ago.

Örebro HK

Örebro HK is an ice hockey club in the town of Örebro in Sweden. The club was established in 1990 as HC Örebro 90, before changing name in 2005.

In 2013, Örebro HK qualifyed for the Swedish Hockey League.


Färjestad BK

Färjestad BK is an ice hockey club in the town of Karlstad in Sweden. The club was established on 10 November 1932 a bandy club. It adopting the game of ice hockey in 1956.

Färjestads BK won the Swedish national championship in 1981, 1986, 1988, 1997, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2009, 2011 and 2022. They also lost the national finals in 1976, 1977, 1983, 1985, 1987, 1990, 1991, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005 and 2014.


Rögle BK

Rögle BK is an ice hockey club in the town of Ängelholm in Sweden. The club was established in 1921 as a bandy club, even if no governing body was established until 18 December 1932. The club won the Scanian bandy district championship in 1948, before adopting the game of ice hockey in 1950.

In 1992, Rögle BK qualifyed for the Swedish top division for first time. They continued playing in the top division until 1996. Rögle qualifyed for the top division in 2008 and again in 2012 but after failing to requalify, the club will play in the second-tier Hockeyallsvenskan.

The most famous player ever played in Rögle is probably Kenny Jönsson.


Muhammad Siddiq Al-Minshawi

Muhammad Siddiq Al-Minshawi or Mohamed Siddiq El-Minshawi (, 1 January 1920 – 20 June 1969) was an Egyptian Qur'anic reciter. He was born in Suhaaj. He was the son of Siddiq El-Minshawi and the brother of Mahmoud El-Minshawi, who is also a famous reciter and a well known scholar of the Qur’an in Egypt, Cairo.

Muhammad Siddiq El-Minshawi has become a household name across the Muslim world. He traveled to many countries outside of his homeland, including Indonesia, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, Palestine (Al-Aqsa Mosque), Saudi Arabia and Syria. He helped children with the Quran.

He was significantly influenced by his father, Muhammad Siddiq El-Minshawi, also a protégé of Mohamed Salamah, a famous reciter of the 20th century. He studied the rules of recitation under Ibrahim As-Su'oodi at a young age.

Nick Offerman

Nicholas David Offerman (born June 26, 1970) is an American actor, writer, and carpenter. He is best known for his breakout role as Ron Swanson in the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation".

Offerman was raised in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He has been married to Megan Mullally since 2003.


Cook County, Illinois

Cook County is a county in the American state of Illinois. Chicago is the county seat of Cook County. Los Angeles County, California is the only county with a higher population than Cook County.

About 5,276,000 people live in Cook County. This is 41 percent of all the people who live in Illinois. Cook County's population is more than the population of 28 U.S. states. More people live in Cook County than in the six smallest U.S. states combined. There is a tax on canned beverages in Cook County.


Marjorie Bennett

Marjorie Bennett (15 January 1896 – 14 June 1982) was an Australian actress. She was born in York, Western Australia, and died in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.

Her many movies include small parts in the Joan Crawford movies "Autumn Leaves" (waitress), "Female on the Beach" (Mrs. Murchison), and "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" (Dehlia Flagg); a voice part in Disney's "One Hundred and One Dalmatians" (Duchess); and a speaking part in "Mary Poppins" (Miss Lark).

Her many television appearances include the recurring parts of Mrs. Neimeyer in "The Bob Cummings Show"; Birdie Brockway in the early years of "Lassie", Mrs. Downey in "CHiPs"; and Mrs. Kenny in "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis".

Autumn Leaves

Autumn Leaves is a 1956 movie starring Joan Crawford, Vera Miles, Lorne Greene, and Cliff Robertson. It was directed by Robert Aldrich. It is about a lonely woman who marries an attractive younger man. She is forced to confine him to a mental hospital for her own safety. Nat King Cole sings the movie's theme song.

2010 Brooklyn/Queens tornadoes

The 2010 Brooklyn/Queens tornadoes were a severe weather event that happened in the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens in New York City. Two tornadoes touched down in Park Slope, Brooklyn and Flushing, Queens. It happened between 5:37 PM to 5:57 PM EDT on September 16, 2010. The tornadoes were the second to hit New York City that year, after a tornado that hit Queens on July 25. The stronger of the two tornadoes hit Flushing and was rated an EF1 with winds of up to 100 mph.

The thunderstorm hit New York City during the evening rush hour. It brought strong winds, heavy rain, and hail. The strong winds brought down over 30,000 trees and power lines. In addition to the tornadoes, a macroburst hit Middle Village and Forest Hills in Queens. The macroburst had heavy rain and strong winds of up to 125 mph.


Robert Aldrich

Robert "Bob" Aldrich (August 9, 1918 - December 5, 1983) was an American movie and television director, second unit director or assistant director, and producer. He was born Robert Burgess Aldrich in Cranston, Rhode Island. He died in Los Angeles, California, age 65. 

Aldrich directed Joan Crawford and Bette Davis in "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" (1962), Olivia de Havilland and Bette Davis in "Hush...Hush, Sweet Charlotte " (1964), Lee Marvin, Charles Bronson, and football star Jim Brown in "The Dirty Dozen" (1967), and Burt Reynolds and Eddie Albert in "The Longest Yard" (1974) and "Hustle (1975)". Television credits include (among others) five episodes of "Four Star Playhouse" and five episodes of "The Doctor" in the 1950s.

Shelby Lynne

Shelby Lynne (born Shelby Lynne Moorer; 22 October 1968) is an American country musician who has done lots of hit songs. She began singing around 1988, although it was 1999 that she released her debut studio album "I am Shelby Lynne". She received a Grammy Award for Best New Artist on that studio album. Lynne was born in Virginia, though was raised in Mobile, Alabama.

Lavinia Warren

Mercy Lavinia Warren Bump (October 31, 1841 - November 25, 1919) was an American entertainer. She was the wife of Charles S. Stratton (aka General Tom Thumb), the star attraction of P. T. Barnum's American Museum in New York City.

Warren was born in Middleborough, Massachusetts to James Bump and his wife. She stopped growing at age 10. In adulthood, Warren stood 32 inches tall, weighed 30 pounds, and was perfectly formed in every way.

She had seven siblings. Her sister "Minnie" was even smaller than she. Lavinia claimed descent from William the Conqueror and five Mayflower Pilgrims.

In her middle teens, Warren briefly taught school in Middleborough, then began appearing as an exhibit in a relative's "floating palace of curiosities" on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers.

American showman P. T. Barnum heard of Warren in 1862. He invited her and her parents to visit him in his Bridgeport, Connecticut home. They did so, and Barnum found Warren, "a most refined and intelligent young lady, well educated, and an accomplished, beautiful and perfectly developed woman in miniature."

He hired her for his American Museum in New York City. She lived quietly in the home of one of his daughters in New York while he made arrangements for her debut. He assembled "a very splendid wardrobe" for Warren and provided her with "costly jewelry". She made her debut and created a sensation with the public.

Unfortunately, she was exhibited with Commodore Nutt, another little person several years her junior. He fell in love with her. She however did not reciprocate his feelings, and considered him nothing more than a "nice little boy". 

Barnum gave Warren a ring, which did not fit properly, so he told her that she might give the ring to Nutt while he provided her with another. She gave the ring to Nutt, and he regarded it as a love token. Warren was in great distress. She did not want to offend Nutt by repelling his attentions, but she did not want to encourage him either.

Barnum offered her $1,000 a week to exhibit herself at his Museum. She accepted and was an instant hit. The press adored her. She rivaled Stratton in popularity, and earned $3,000 a day for the Museum.

Warren met Stratton in 1861. They were married in Grace Episcopal Church, New York City, on February 10, 1863. Two thousand people attended their wedding, including the most celebrated persons of the day. 

Their "round the world" honeymoon included meetings with the Lincolns in Washington, D.C., and Queen Victoria in London. Barnum manufactured a hoax of the couple becoming parents (fueled with photographs), but Warren was, in fact, unable to bear children.

The couple travelled widely. They returned to Barnum's employ in 1881. Thumb died in 1884, leaving his wife penniless and depressed. On April 6, 1885, Lavinia married Count Primo Magri, an Italian miniature person who had come to America seeking his fortune. 

The couple toured, then exhibited themselves at Lilliputia (aka Midget City) on Coney Island. She met United States President William Howard Taft in 1911. She once boasted that she had met Lincoln and every president after him. Lavinia died in Middleborough in 1919.



Soccer mom

In America, a soccer mom is a middle-class woman in the suburbs who spends a lot of time taking her school-aged children to sports events and other activities. The soccer mom often drives a minivan, SUV or station wagon. Soccer moms are often completely involved and coach their children from the sidelines.The term "soccer mom" dates back to the early or mid 1980s. The term became more popular when newspapers began using it a lot in 1994 or 1995. It became very popular around 1996, when politicians were constantly using it during the presidential election of 1996, including then-President Bill Clinton.

General Tom Thumb

General Tom Thumb (January 4, 1838 – July 15, 1883) was an American entertainer. He was a four year old child when P. T. Barnum introduced him to show biz. The boy (who was passed off as a young adult) created a sensation at Barnum's American Museum in New York City. He toured Europe, appeared before royals, and returned to America rich. Thumb married Lavinia Warren in 1863, and continued to tour. Show biz took its toll on his health however. He died of a stroke in 1883. 
General Tom Thumb was born Charles Sherwood Stratton in Bridgeport, Connecticut, to Sherwood Edward Stratton, a carpenter, and Cynthia (Thompson) Stratton, an inn worker. He stopped growing at 18 months. He was 25 inches tall and weighed 16 pounds in 1842 when P. T. Barnum persuaded his parents to exhibit him at $3 a week. The boy was four years old when he left home for Barnum's American Museum in New York City.

Barnum molded the boy into an entertainer, and provided the child with an expensive and exquisitely tailored wardrobe. He was presented as General Tom Thumb and his age bumped up to eleven years. 

He debuted on December 8, 1842. At first, he was shy about appearing in public, but he took to the stage and began imitating famous little people like Napoleon and Cupid. The General was a hit. Thirty thousand people attended his first week performances.

Barnum and Thumb toured Europe in 1844 with an appearance before Queen Victoria and Prince Albert at Buckingham Palace. Other European royals also fêted him. In America, Thumb remained the principal attraction at the American Museum for many years.

In 1847, Thumb returned to America very rich. Thumb eventually bought a mansion in Bridgeport, and toured alone for a time. He teamed up with Barnum at times when the showman's bank account was running low. 

In 1862, Thumb met Lavinia Warren, another of Barnum's oddities, and the miniature couple were married on February 10, 1863, in Grace Episcopal Church, New York City. The wedding was attended by 2,000 guests, many of them the A-list celebrities of the day.

The couple toured for many years, and made a large fortune. In 1881, Thumb and his wife were caught in a hotel fire that almost took their lives. They joined the Barnum & London Circus. Show biz took its toll on Thumb, however. His health declined. On July 15, 1883, Thumb died following a stroke, age 45. He is buried in Bridgeport, Connecticut. More than 10,000 people attended his funeral.



Milo Đukanović

Milo Đukanović (; born 15 February 1962) is a Montenegrin politician. He has been the country's President from 2018 to 2023. Đukanović has previously served as Prime Minister four times, from 1991 to 1998, from 2003 to 2006, from 2008 to 2010 and from 2012 to 2016. He also served as President from 1998 to 2002. Đukanović is the leader of the Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro. In 2023, he lost his re-election to Jakov Milatović.

Extended family

Extended family means a family including aunts, uncles and cousins. It also means married people living under parents of their husbands or wives. Within an extended family are several "immediate families".

A family with more than two adults is called a complex family. This includes extended families or families where there are more than just one mother and one father.

Juvénal Habyarimana

Juvénal Habyarimana (8 March 1937 – 6 April 1994) was the second President of Rwanda. He was president for almost twenty years, from 1973 until 1994. During his government, he favoured his own ethnic group, the Hutus. He was nicknamed "Kinani", a Kinyarwanda word meaning "invincible". Habyarimana was a dictator. He was suspected to have cheated in all of his elections.

On 6 April 1994, he was killed when his airplane was shot down close to Kigali. It was also carrying the President of Burundi, Cyprien Ntaryamira. His assassination caused tensions between Hutus and Tutsis to worsen, and helped start the Rwandan Genocide. Within 100 days, somewhere between 800,000 and 1 million Rwandans were massacred.

Emmett Kelly

Emmett Leo Kelly (December 9, 1898 - March 28, 1979) was an American circus performer. He created the clown, "Weary Willie".

Jumbo

Jumbo (about Christmas 1860 – September 15, 1885) was the first international animal superstar. He was the first African bush elephant to reach modern Europe alive. He was born in eastern Africa, and captured there by Arabian hunters in early 1862. He was sold first to a traveling zoo in Germany, then to the Jardin des Plantes in Paris. He was traded to the London Zoological Gardens for a rhinoceros.

Jumbo lived in the London Zoo about 16 years. He was the biggest elephant in captivity. American circus showman P. T. Barnum simply had to have this huge elephant in his circus. He bought Jumbo in 1882. The elephant made his debut in the United States on Easter Sunday 1882 at Madison Square Garden in New York City. He toured with Barnum's circus for three years. In September 1885, he was killed in a railroad accident in Canada.

Jumbo attracted as much attention after his death as he did in life. His hide was stuffed and his bones preserved. His hide and skeleton were displayed first with Barnum's circus and then with museums. His hide was destroyed in a fire at Tufts University in 1975. His skeleton was displayed for many years in the American Museum of Natural History in New York City. As time passed, children forgot about him. His skeleton was put away.

Jumbo's sale in 1882 created public anger in Britain. It drew the attention of people around the world. "Jumbomania", a fad for all things Jumbo, was born. The civilized world was flooded with Jumbo neckties, jewelry, and other souvenirs. People around the world were sad when he died. Jumbo's greatest legacy is his name. In the English language, it is now a word that means "very large".

It is impossible to know exactly where or when Jumbo was born. In February 1862, a British explorer met Jumbo in the desert camp of Arabian elephant hunters. This camp was on the border of eastern Sudan and Abyssinia (now, Eritrea). The hunters had been hired to capture wild animals for export to European zoos.

The explorer estimated that Jumbo was tall and weighed about . Based on his height and weight, Jumbo was about one year old. He was probably born at Christmas 1860.

Jumbo had a long, hot journey ahead of him. He walked several hundred miles with other wild animals to the Red Sea. At the port of Suakin, the little elephant was put aboard a steamship. In time, he arrived in Trieste, Italy. From Italy, he was taken by train to Dresden, Germany. He was then sold to a traveling zoo.

In late 1862, Jumbo was sold to the Jardin des Plantes in Paris. Jumbo was probably brought to his new home in either late 1862 or early 1863. The French were disappointed with him; they thought he would be larger. Jumbo lived in the Rotunda for Large Herbivores with two Asian elephants, several camels and giraffes, and a hippopotamus.

In October 1863, two more baby African elephants and several camels were brought to the Rotunda. The little elephants were called Castor and Pollux. They played together and slept together. Children loved the new elephants. The two animals came to be called "the pets of young Paris". Jumbo did not want attention from people; he stayed in his stable. Five elephants now lived in the Rotunda of the Jardin.

In April 1865, the government found that the living conditions in the Jardin were very bad. Officials thought some of the elephants should be sent to zoos in other countries. The officials of the London Zoological Gardens in Regent's Park wanted an African elephant. They traded an Indian rhinoceros and a few other animals for Jumbo. He was brought to the London Zoo in June 1865. Jumbo was lucky. Castor and Pollux were killed during a war with Prussia in 1871. They were eaten by the French.

Jumbo was very ill when he arrived at the London Zoo. He had not been fed properly. His hide was covered with filth that had to be scraped and scrubbed off. The nails on his feet were overgrown, and the soles of his feet were covered with sores.

Abraham Bartlett, the Superintendent of the London Zoological Gardens, put the little elephant into the care of animal keeper Matthew "Scotty" Scott. Scotty had a talent for understanding and managing animals. Jumbo grew stronger and healthier under Scotty's care.

The little elephant was named Jumbo. There is no record of the origin of this name. He may have been named after Mumbo Jumbo, a west African tribal holy man. This is not certain though. Bartlett may have named the elephant Jumbo because he liked the sound of the word. He had once named a gorilla Mumbo. There is a very slim possibility that Jumbo may have been named in Paris.

Jumbo became a great attraction in the London Zoo. Queen Victoria and members of the Royal Family adored him. Children rode in the saddle ("howdah") on his back for a penny. The young Winston Churchill (and probably Queen Victoria's children Prince Leopold and Princess Beatrice) rode in Jumbo's "howdah".

By the time Jumbo was seven years old, he had a huge appetite. Every day he ate of hay, a barrel of potatoes, two bushels of oats, fifteen loaves of bread, and lots of onions. He also drank several pails of water. If Scotty thought Jumbo needed some medicine, the elephant was given a gallon or two of whiskey.

In 1880, Jumbo hit his iron cage doors with his tusks and broke both off near the jawbone. He was in pain. He stopped eating. He leaned against the walls for support. Bartlett and Scotty were forced to perform some crude surgery with a harpoon-like tool they had made. Bartlett was disappointed with the damage to Jumbo's tusks. He had been hoping that Jumbo would grow to be a "tusker" an elephant with huge tusks. After the surgery, Jumbo kept his tusks worn away by rubbing them against the walls of the Elephant House. They never grew more than a few inches long.

In 1882, Jumbo was tall at the shoulder. He weighed more than . His trunk was long. It could reach high into the trees. In the magazine "Harper's Weekly", Jumbo was said to be "as gentle with children as the best-trained poodle dog." The magazine said he gently took biscuits and lumps of sugar from zoo visitors.

When Jumbo was brought to the zoo in 1865, Bartlett had wanted to raise the elephant himself. He needed a keeper who would obey him. He chose Scotty because he was rather inexperienced. Bartlett would be disappointed. Scotty had his own opinion on how to raise Jumbo. The close relationship that grew between the keeper and the elephant was something Bartlett hated.

In 1882, Jumbo was the biggest elephant living in captivity. Bartlett thought it best to find a new home for Jumbo for two reasons. First, he thought Jumbo was about to enter "musth". This is a difficult time in a male elephant's life. Certain glands in the elephant's head become inflamed causing the animal to behave violently. The other reason Bartlett wanted to move Jumbo was the elephant's close relationship with Scotty. Bartlett thought Jumbo might go on a dangerous rampage if Scotty should die.

Jumbo had tantrums. He would try to damage the Elephant House at night. He may have been frightened and angry because Scotty went home every night. He was only calm during the day when Scotty was nearby or when he carried children around the zoo in his "howdah". Jumbo's behavior only made Bartlett more sure that he must find another home for the elephant. Years after Jumbo's death, zoologists studied casts of the elephant's teeth. They discovered that his molars were erupting abnormally and probably causing him pain. This was likely the reason for Jumbo's tantrums.

Bartlett and members of the London Zoological Society were happy when P. T. Barnum, a circus showman from the United States offered to buy Jumbo for $10,000. Barnum had once owned two museums in New York City. They had burned to the ground. He was now part-owner of the Barnum, Bailey, & Hutchinson Circus. Barnum knew the huge elephant would make him a fortune if he appeared with the circus.

Barnum's partner Hutchinson did not want to buy Jumbo. "What difference does it make if an elephant is seven feet high or eleven or twelve feet high? An elephant is an elephant!" he said. But Barnum wanted Jumbo more than he wanted any other elephant in the world because Jumbo was the "biggest" elephant in the world. Bartlett and the London Zoological Society took only two days to decide that Jumbo would be sold to Barnum.

When the British learned that their beloved Jumbo was going to be sold, they were outraged. Bartlett received many angry letters. Children begged Bartlett to keep Jumbo in London. Art critic John Ruskin wrote that the English were not "in the habit of selling their pets." An effort was made to stop the sale by going to court, but Barnum won. The British courts said he was the legal owner of Jumbo.

A large wheeled box was built to hold Jumbo during his journey to America. It was made of heavy pine boards bolted to a strong oak base, and made even stronger with iron straps. It measured long, wide, and high. It was large enough for Jumbo to stand in it, but it was not large enough for him to lie down or turn around. Although the ends of the box were open, they were made strong with iron bars. Jumbo could look out the open end and swing his trunk.

Plans were made to move Jumbo on February 18. Jumbo would not get into the box. A second attempt was made on February 19 with the same result. Jumbo laid down in the street. Crowds of people cheered for Jumbo. He stayed in the street for a week. Bill Newman, Barnum's agent in London, sent the showman a telegram. "Jumbo won't get up", it read. Barnum sent a telegram back reading, "Let him stay there as long as he wants. It's great publicity."

Bartlett thought Scotty was controlling Jumbo with a secret signal to keep him from getting into the box. He told Scotty 
he would be fired if Jumbo did not get into the box. The next day, Scotty got Jumbo to enter the box. Barnum hired Scotty to take care of Jumbo even though he had many elephant keepers in the United States.

People around the world were interested in the sale of Jumbo. Souvenirs such as Jumbo neckties, fans, and hats were sold in England and America. Jumbo's picture was printed on thousands of advertisements. Some of these advertisements showed Jumbo in strange places like the opera house and a saloon in the Wild West.

Potholders, cigars, and a large sewing machine were all named after Jumbo. Soap, thread, and baking powder were sold using Jumbo's name. One advertisement from this time shows Jumbo in leather boots running across a desert. Another picture shows Jumbo feeding a baby elephant a laxative called Castoria.

Thousands of letters were sent to London Zoo officials. The writers of these letters wanted Jumbo to live at peace in England. A "Jumbo Retention Fund" was set up to keep Jumbo in the London Zoo. One lady sent her new sewing machine to the fund. A bride sent Jumbo a piece of her wedding cake. Thousands of children wrote to Barnum begging him to leave Jumbo in his London home. Barnum refused.

Jumbo lived sixteen years and nine months in the London Zoo. He was now about to start a new life in another land. His trip to America started on the cold morning of March 22, 1882. Jumbo was put into a harness early in the morning. He was led to the box. He did not want to get into it, but he did. It took two hours to chain the fighting elephant inside the box.

Six horses pulled the box from the yard at the Elephant House. It sank into the soft soil of a path. It took three hours to pull the box from the path. It sank into soft soil two more times on its way to the zoo gates. Four more horses were harnessed to the box. It passed through the main gate about 1:30 a.m. The five-mile trip to the London docks started.

The most level way to the Thames was chosen because the horses could not pull the box up any hills. Crowds were watching. Scotty rode on the front of the box. He comforted Jumbo and stroked his trunk. Jumbo was quiet through most of the journey. The box started down a steep hill near the old Clerkenwell House of Detention at the top of Farrington Road. Jumbo shook his head in alarm. The box was forced to move very slowly.

At St Katharine's Dock, east of the Tower of London, the box was lifted with a winch at 7 a.m. on March 23. It was put on the barge, "Clarence". Workers made the box secure. Jumbo was given a big breakfast. An old lady who had walked behind the box all the way from Regent's Park brought Jumbo some beer. She said good-bye through her tears.

Three hours later, the tide was favorable. The barge was towed into the river by tugboats bearing the Union Jack and the Stars and Stripes. Thousands of people had gathered in every empty space to say good-bye to Jumbo. The barge floated downstream to the Isle of Dogs.

Jumbo took alarm again when the barge passed Dundee Docks. He rammed the bars of his crate. The bars were loosened. The engines were cut. Scotty comforted the frightened elephant. The trip was resumed. At the Millwall Docks, the box was lifted by crane about 3:45 p.m. to the quayside. It was here that Jumbo would spend the night.

The box was weighed as it was lifted. It weighed twelve and a half tons. It was known that the wood and iron of the box weighed six and a half tons. Jumbo therefore weighed six tons. Scotty and Bartlett had always thought Jumbo weighed six tons. But this was the first time Jumbo had actually been weighed mechanically. On Friday March 24, it took only eight minutes to lower Jumbo and his box to the "Assyrian Monarch".

There were 600 passengers on the "Assyrian Monarch". They were mostly Russian Jews going to the United States. There were 90 crew members. Food was brought on the ship for Jumbo's 13–14 day voyage. There were 65 bales of hay, of ship's biscuits, 50 loaves of white bread, three sacks of oats, three sacks of bran, and two sacks of onions.

A lunch party was held on the ship for London Zoo officials, the Sheriff of London, businessmen, Barnum's agents, and others interested in the adventure. Barnum's agent Bill Newman was given the Zoological Society's Gold Medal for calmly and skillfully handling Jumbo. Scotty the man who had given Jumbo devoted care and love for 18 years was ignored. The ship left the next morning. Lady Angela Burdett-Coutts was Jumbo's great friend. She came from London to Gravesend with friends to feed the elephant his last English buns. When the visitors left, the ship put out to sea.

Scotty took off most of Jumbo's chains to make him comfortable. His head, body, and trunk were free. His feet were chained. The elephant leaned against the side of the box. He fell asleep for the first time in several days. Jumbo's box got plenty of fresh air. Passengers fed him bread and fruit. Barnum had news stories about Jumbo put in rubber bags then dropped into the sea. Weeks later, the first bag washed ashore in southern Ireland. A telegram was sent to London after passing the last point of British soil called the Lizard. It read, "Jumbo well; very quiet; unchained."

The "Assyrian Monarch" arrived in the New York harbor about midnight on Easter Sunday April 9, 1882 after almost two weeks on the sea. A telegram was sent to the "London Times" telling the British that Jumbo had arrived safely in America and was in good health. Jumbo's crate was lifted from the hold of the "Assyrian Monarch" to a small steamer called "Only Son". Jumbo was ferried across the Hudson River to the New York docks.

Barnum and his partners Bailey and Hutchinson went aboard the "Only Son" with several journalists to see Jumbo. The elephant had traveled well. He drank a bottle of whiskey. Barnum did not drink alcoholic beverages and protested. He looked at Scotty and said, "I do believe that elephant's growth has been stunted by the use of beer."

Some journalists were disappointed with Jumbo's height. They said he was just as big as the other elephants in Barnum's circus. Barnum told them there was a big difference between an elephant's actual height and his "museum" height. The journalists were satisfied with this explanation (whatever it meant). Barnum was thrilled with Jumbo. Everyone was talking about the animal, and this meant ticket sales.

Superintendent Hatfield of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children came aboard the "Only Son". He had heard reports of Jumbo's bad temper, and boarded the ship to be certain Jumbo was not a threat to the children of New York City. Barnum told him Jumbo was "perfectly lamb-like". Hatfield took a long look at Jumbo, then left the ship with the sense that Jumbo was indeed a gentle animal.

A crowd of hundreds had gathered on shore to welcome Jumbo. By late afternoon, the crowd had grown to 10,000 impatient, noisy onlookers. Jumbo became frightened. His crate swayed as it was lifted and lowered to a waiting barge. Three cheers were raised. By 7:00 pm, Jumbo was ashore. His crate had been put on a strong wagon.

The crowd wanted Jumbo to walk up Broadway to Madison Square Garden where the circus was playing. Bailey would not allow it, fearing the animal might attack the crowd. Eight horses and 500 men could not move the wagon. Another eight horses were brought in as well as Gypsy and Chief, two Asian elephants from the circus. The eight additional horses were not needed. They were led behind the wagon as it started to move. The elephants were used as needed to push the wagon out of ruts.

When the procession arrived at Madison Square Garden, Jumbo's crate was too tall for the building's entrance. He was left on the sidewalk for the night, his crate covered with tarpaulins. In the morning, blacksmiths removed the iron bars of the crate. Jumbo was free, but he would not leave the crate. Scotty stood aside to let Jumbo take his time. The elephant finally stepped out, and went into the building. Floorboards shattered under his weight. When he reached the race track, he knelt and rolled over. Scotty assured everyone Jumbo was not dead but only resting after his long trip. He finally rose and was taken to his stall, after another rest period. Once in his stall, a heavy chain fastened to a stake was wrapped around his leg. He yanked the stake from the ground and tossed it aside. Meanwhile, the largest crowd in circus history was waiting for the afternoon performance to start.

Barnum bought Jumbo for $10,000. Jumbo's entire costs actually amounted to $30,000. Barnum later wrote that Jumbo earned his costs in his first two weeks with the circus at Madison Square Garden. Jumbo did no tricks, but 20,000 customers per day saw him in the circus zoo and the parade at the start of the show. The London Zoo had sent Jumbo's "howdah" to America. The great elephant gave rides to circus customers.

On a trip to England in late May 1882, Barnum met a crowd of children on the street who were still angry that the elephant had been taken away. Barnum made plans the same month to raise an iron building on the Thames Embankment for his circus shows. People in the neighborhood did not like the idea. They said they would go to court to stop the plan. Barnum dropped the idea.

Barnum had another publicity plan. The Brooklyn Bridge was finished in 1883. This was a long-awaited and exciting event. Barnum offered the bridge company $5,000 to allow Jumbo to cross the bridge before the official opening. The company directors believed Barnum was using the bridge for circus publicity. They said "no" to his offer.

Jumbo travelled in luxury when he went on tour every year. He had his own railway boxcar. Barnum called it "Jumbo's Palace Car". It was a red and gold boxcar with huge double doors at the center for Jumbo to be able to go in and out easily. Scotty slept in a bunk in a little room near Jumbo's head. Jumbo would never let Scotty close the door to the little room. He loved his friend and wanted to be near him always.

Scotty and Jumbo always shared a bottle of beer before going to bed for the night. It was a little ritual Jumbo loved. One night Scotty drank the bottle of beer and fell asleep. Jumbo picked him up very carefully and set him down near the empty bottle. Scotty woke up and found the bottle. He "got the message". He never forgot to share a bottle of beer with Jumbo again.

In his four seasons as the top star of Barnum's circus, Jumbo never hurt anyone. Now and then though, he tested his strength by destroying parts of his winter Elephant House. Jumbo earned $1.5 million in his first year with the circus. It is likely 16 million adults and 4 million children saw him at the circus.

In his last years with the circus, Jumbo's health grew poor. He could not eat his food because his teeth were worn out. There was no treatment. Jumbo would sooner or later die of this trouble with his teeth. Barnum made plans to have Jumbo preserved after his death by a taxidermist. He arranged everything while Jumbo was still alive just in case the elephant died suddenly.

Jumbo was 24 when he was killed on September 15, 1885, in the rail yards at St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada. It was about 9:30 pm. The circus had just finished a performance. The elephants were being led along the main track in the rail yards to their boxcars. To their left was a steep bank; to their right was the circus train. An unscheduled freight train roared down upon them from the east. The engineer tried to stop the train, but failed.

Animal keepers got most of the elephants to safety down the bank. Jumbo and a dwarf elephant called Tom Thumb were the last act on the programme and the last to leave the Big Top. Tom Thumb was behind Jumbo. the little elephant was hit by the train and thrown into a ditch. His left leg was broken, but he lived. Jumbo ran down the track away from the oncoming train with Scotty beside him. The locomotive struck Jumbo from behind. He roared in pain as the train carried him down the track. He was wedged partly above and partly below a flatcar.

Jumbo's skull was fractured in several places. He had serious injuries inside his body. Blood poured from his mouth and trunk. Jumbo reached for and held Scotty's hand in his trunk. He died within minutes of the accident. The locomotive and the tender were thrown off the track. They were destroyed in the collision.

Neither Barnum or Bailey was on the scene of the accident. Hutchinson directed the clean up. One hundred men were needed to remove Jumbo's body from the tracks. Policemen were sent to the scene to drive away souvenir hunters. Scotty became hysterical when he discovered half of Jumbo's ear had been cut off by a collector.

Taxidermists from Rochester, New York, eventually arrived to take charge of the body. Jumbo's death was a serious loss for the circus. So much so that Barnum took the first steps in bankruptcy proceedings a few days after the tragedy.

Just before Jumbo's trip to America in 1882, Barnum had insured the elephant for $500,000. The policy expired once Jumbo stepped on American soil. The elephant was not insured at the time of his death. He had been brought into the United States as "breeding stock". No insurance company would cover livestock for accidents. Jumbo left no children in spite of the fact that he had an elephant "wife" in the London Zoo named Alice. He had completely ignored her during the 18 years he had called London home. Alice was given black and a widow's cap to wear after the death of her "husband".

Barnum sued the Canadian Grand Trunk Railway for $100,000. The case was heard in April 1887. The company claimed it was not liable for Jumbo's death. They said the circus workers were responsible for the death of the elephant. The circus workers had cut down part of a fence so they could lead the elephants across the track. If they had used the regular crossing further down the track, the company stated, railway workers would have warned them of the approaching train. The accident could have been avoided.

The railway also claimed Jumbo was worthless. The London Zoo had sold him, the railway stated, because he was a dangerous animal. They also pointed out that they were not liable for losses above $15,000 as stated in their contract with the circus. The circus argued the contract was illegal, and presented statements from Scotty and other professional animal people who had worked with Jumbo. These statements said Jumbo was not dangerous.

Barnum finally withdrew the lawsuit. He needed the good will of the Grand Trunk Railway if he wanted to move his circus around Canada. He settled out of court for $5,000. He was also granted the right to use the Grand Trunk rails for free in the coming year. This was worth $5,000 in itself. Barnum left court with $10,000.

Two weeks after Jumbo's death, a news reporter named C. F. Richtel of the Hartford, Connecticut, "Sunday Globe" suggested Barnum had killed the elephant "for advertising purposes". Richtel was an old enemy of Barnum's, and accused the showman of masterminding Jumbo's death because the elephant had tuberculosis. Barnum sued the newspaper for $50,000. He settled out of court. The editor of the "Globe" learned the truth about Jumbo's death when he interviewed Scotty and others who had been present at the elephant's end. The editor fired Richtel and published a meek apology to Barnum.

A theory put forth in 1960 alleged that Jumbo's flatulence had created a nasty problem for Barnum and the circus, so the showman decided to get rid of the elephant. Under cover of darkness and amid the clamor of the rail yard, Barnum was said to have had an animal keeper fire a single shot from a powerful pistol into Jumbo's eye. The elephant staggered some distance, trampled the dwarf elephant, collapsed, and died beneath a railway car. No projectiles were found during examinations of Jumbo after his death or later examinations of his skull. The theory has been proven false. 
Barnum tried to get as much publicity as possible from Jumbo's death. He called a publisher three days after the accident. He wanted a children's book printed at Christmas about the event. He also told news reporters a lie about Jumbo saving both the dwarf elephant and Scotty, then turning to face the train alone and head-on.

Jumbo's remains were sent far and wide across America. His tusks were broken into many pieces in the accident. These pieces were sold as souvenirs. Cornell University bought Jumbo's heart. The great elephant's bones toured America for a few years with the circus. They weighed . Then they were sent to the American Museum of Natural History in New York City. His skeleton was put on display now and then. As time passed though, children forgot him. The skeleton was put away. It was never displayed after 1977.

Jumbo's hide was stuffed in Rochester, New York. Barnum told the taxidermists that he wanted Jumbo to look like a mountain. They pulled the hide as much as possible without tearing it. After all the hard work, Jumbo stood a foot taller in death than he had in life. The stuffed hide toured with the circus for a few years. It was then sent to the Barnum Museum of Natural History at Tufts University. It weighed . At Tufts, Jumbo became the school mascot. His picture was put on school-related items like hats and flags.

On April 14, 1975, Jumbo's hide and many other museum pieces which could never be replaced were destroyed in a fire at Tufts. Some of what was believed to be Jumbo's ashes was put in a Peter Pan Crunchy Peanut Butter jar. The jar was kept in the university's athletic department. School athletes rubbed it for good luck before games.

On the 100th anniversary of Jumbo's death in 1985, a monument by Winston Bronnum was built to the great elephant in St. Thomas. It stands on a bluff above the city. Not far away is a bright red caboose. It is a souvenir stand. There is also a museum at the site that displays a model of a small circus.

Jumbo's legacy was the joy he gave millions of people just by being himself. His name however may be his greatest legacy. Before the big elephant, the word 'Jumbo' was not known in the English language. The word has entered the language to mean anything that is huge. People will always remember Jumbo because of this word.

Jumbo's enormous size caused scientists to think he was a separate species of elephant. He was the largest elephant ever known. He was named the type specimen for this new species. At a later time, it was learned that Jumbo was not a separate species, but a variant of a known species. He became then a subspecies.

After Jumbo's death, it was important that he be dissected by scientists. It was important that his skeleton be carefully kept for future scientists to study. The dissection was started in St. Thomas, and completed in Rochester, New York. Jumbo's stomach was cut open. Coins, keys, rivets, screws, and a policeman's whistle fell out.

Just before the stuffed Jumbo and his skeleton were put on display, Barnum asked newspaper people and high-society ladies to come to a fancy hotel for a party. He made speeches, then served his guests a gelatin dish made from Jumbo's ground tusks.



Cessna 620

The Cessna 620 is a light transport aircraft prototype built in the United States in 1956. It's the only four-engine aircraft built by Cessna. It can carry between eight and ten passengers. Flights were stopped in 1957.

Money plant

Money plant is the trivial name of several plants:

Minnie Warren

Huldah Pierce Warren Bump (known as Minnie Warren; June 2, 1849–July 23, 1878) was an American entertainer. She was born in Middleborough, Massachusetts, and toured with her sister, entertainer Lavinia Warren, the wife of General Tom Thumb. Minnie died in childbirth in 1878. She was buried in Nemasket Hill Cemetery, Middleborough, Massachusetts.


Aralkum

Aralkum is the name of a new desert that has appeared in the area that was once occupied by the Aral Sea. It lies south an east of what remains of the Aral Sea.

Maternal bond

A maternal bond means the connections that often happen during pregnancy issues and childbirth, or between women and unrelated children, such as with adoptions. Maternal bonds are influenced by hundreds of emotional, mental and physical issues. Some new mothers do not bond instantly, however.

Carcharhinidae

Carcharhinidae, also known as the requiem sharks, is a family of sharks in the order Carcharhiniformes. 

There are currently 60 species of requiem sharks which are grouped into 12 genera. Some of the most familiar species in this family are the lemon shark, the blue shark, the tiger shark, the bull shark, and the whitetip reef shark.

Requiem sharks are found in temperate and tropical oceans, and many species are worldwide. Some live in the open ocean (oceanic whitetip shark), while some live in freshwater rivers and lakes (bull shark).

All species of requiem sharks have a head of normal shape. Their eyes have a nictitating (winking) membranes. They have caudal fins with the upper lobe being larger than the lower but not very long, two spineless dorsal fins, the first one usually much larger than the second in most of the Atlantic species, an anal fin, a caudal peduncle which doesn't have lateral keels, and sharp, bladelike teeth with a single cusp. 

Almost all species of requiem sharks have a similar diet of fish, octopus, marine mammals and seabirds. Since they look similar, it is usually hard to tell one species from another.

The oldest member of the family is from the early Cretaceous of France. Only a few examples of the group are known from before the beginning of the Cenozoic. Modern carcharinid sharks have extensively diversified in coral reef habitats.

There are 12 genera in the family Carcharhinidae:

Springfield Model 1855

The Model 1855 Springfield was a rifled musket used in the mid-19th century. This is a type of musket that was used to fire long-range shots, before the enemy could get close enough. It was produced by the Springfield Armory in Massachusetts, United States.

Narcissistic parent

The term narcissistic parent refers to parents who are affected by narcissism. They are almost exclusively close to and possessive about their children. The parents are especially envious regarding their child growing to independence. In other words, narcissistic parents often feel senses of losses when their children grow to adulthood. The parents carry self-esteem problems and extreme needs regarding how others may look at or regard them. Children are often punished very strongly if narcissistic parents are not responded to in adequacy. The behavior of such parents is not flexible, and they have an inability to admit to their own fault or feel sympathy and empathy.

Leptospira

Leptospiras are long, thin motile spirochaetes. They may be free-living or parasitic. They survive well in fresh water, soil, and mud in tropical areas. They have been studied at the CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention).

Molecular taxonomic studies at CDC and elsewhere have identified 13 named and 4 unnamed species of pathogenic leptospires. Leptospirosis causes a wide range of symptoms, and some infected persons may have no symptoms at all. Symptoms of leptospirosis include high fever, severe headache, chills, muscle aches, and vomiting, and may include jaundice (yellow skin and eyes), red eyes, abdominal pain, diarrhea, or a rash.

Commodore Nutt

Commodore Nutt (April 1, 1848 – May 25, 1881) was an American entertainer. He was born with the name George Washington Morrison Nutt in New Hampshire. He was very short. In 1861, he was touring New England with a circus when P. T. Barnum hired him to appear at the American Museum in New York City. Barnum gave Nutt the stage name Commodore Nutt, a wardrobe that included naval uniforms, and a miniature carriage in the shape of an English walnut. Nutt became one of the Museum's major attractions.

Nutt was in love with Lavinia Warren, another little person like him, at the American Museum. Lavinia was several years older than Nutt. She thought of him only as a "nice little boy". This in some ways, made Nutt depressed later on in life. She married General Tom Thumb in a spectacular wedding masterminded by Barnum in 1863. Nutt went to the wedding as Thumb's best man. He stayed away from women for a long time after the wedding. In 1879, he married Lilian Elston of Redwood City, California.

Nutt toured the world between 1869 and 1872 with the Thumbs and Lavinia's sister, Minnie Warren. They returned to America rich after performing before royalty. Nutt left Barnum's employ after a disagreement with the showman. He toured with a comic opera company, put together a variety show on the United States West Coast, and operated saloons in Oregon and California. He returned to New York City, and died there of Bright's disease in May 25, 1881.

George Washington Morrison Nutt was born in Manchester, New Hampshire to Major Rodnia Nutt (1810–1875), and his wife Maria (né Dodge) Nutt (1807–1859) of Goffstown, New Hampshire. Rodnia Nutt was a rich farmer, a Manchester city marshal, and a Manchester city councilman.

The Nutts had five children. The first, whose name and sex are not known, was born on 8 December 1837. James Dodge was born on 28 January 1838, and Rodnia, Jr. on 11 October 1840. A daughter, Mary Ann, was born on 22 September 1844. According to Nutt family records, George Washington Morrison was born on 1 April 1848.

Nutt and his wife were "large, hearty folk". Mr. Nutt weighed over . Their sons Rod, Jr. and George Washington Morrison were little people. In 1861, Rod, Jr. was about tall, and George was about . George weighed about .

George's ancestors include William Nutt (1698–1751), a weaver of English ancestry. William left Londonderry, Ulster, Northern Ireland for North America in the early 18th century. He started a family in colonial New England. A part of Manchester was called Nutfield in the early days of settlement. A pond and a road near the pond were named for early Nutt settlers.
Nutt's career as an entertainer may have started in 1854. He may have been a performer with a small circus in Manchester. The circus manager, William C. Walker, once wrote that he had discovered Nutt. He also wrote that he was the first to show him.

Nutt was being exhibited and touring the New England countryside with a manager named Lillie when P. T. Barnum learned of him. Lillie was charging as little as a nickel to see the boy whose education had been neglected. Barnum was disgusted. Lillie knew nothing about exhibiting the boy "in the proper style", as Barnum put it.

Barnum met Nutt in 1861 when the boy visited the American Museum in New York City. In his autobiography, Barnum wrote that Nutt was "a most remarkable dwarf, who was a sharp, intelligent little fellow, with a deal of drollery and wit. He had a splendid head, was perfectly formed, and was very attractive, and, in short, for a 'showman' was a perfect treasure."

Barnum knew Nutt could be a major museum attraction. He hired a lawyer to lure Nutt away from his manager. Following Barnum's orders, the lawyer offered Nutt's parents a large sum of money to sign their son to a five-year contract. He promised them that the boy would be taught to be "a genteel, accomplished attractive little man".

A contract was signed on 12 December 1861. Barnum hired the 13-year-old, 29-inch George and his 21-year-old, 49-inch brother, Rodnia, Jr. The contract required Barnum to give both young men food, clothing, a place to live, and the costs of travel and medical care. Barnum promised to take care of the moral and academic education of the brothers.

Salaries started at US$12 per week with increases every year. The two brothers would each get $30 per week in the fifth and last year of their contract. They would also get 10% from the sales of their souvenir books and photographs, with at least $240 the first year and $440 the last year. At the end of the fifth year, they would receive a carriage and a pair of ponies from Barnum.
Once the contract was signed, Barnum started a publicity campaign to prepare the public for Nutt's debut. He let reporters think he was "trying" to hire the little person. When other showmen heard this rumor, they rushed in to offer Nutt's parents huge sums of money to be the first to sign their son.

Barnum was pleased. The publicity created much excitement. In a letter he leaked to reporters, he wrote that he was forced to outbid the competition. The showman claimed to have paid $30,000 to hire the little person. The boy then became known as "The $30,000 Nutt".

Barnum gave the little person the stage name, Commodore Nutt. In addition, he provided Nutt with a wardrobe that included miniature naval uniforms. For the Commodore's jaunts about town, the showman had a little carriage built for him. This carriage looked like an English walnut. The top of the vehicle was hinged. When the top was lifted, the little Commodore could be seen sitting inside.

Nutt's carriage was pulled by Shetland ponies. It was driven around New York by Rodnia, Jr. dressed in the uniform of a coachman. Barnum thought these little trips about town the best form of advertisement. Nutt's carriage is now in the Barnum Museum in Bridgeport, Connecticut.

Commodore Nutt made his debut at Barnum's American Museum in February 1862. He was a great success. Some museum-goers believed they were being "humbugged" by Barnum though. They thought that Nutt was really General Tom Thumb in disguise.

Nutt did look like the Tom Thumb of the past, but Thumb had aged and put on weight over the yearsa fact museum-goers either forgot or ignored. Nutt was a scamp; he took pleasure in the public's confusion, and encouraged the error.

When Nutt debuted, Thumb was touring the American South and West. Barnum wanted to silence those with doubts at the Museum. He asked Thumb to cut his tour short, return to New York, and perform on the same stage with Nutt. Thumb returned to New York.

The little men were billed as "The Two Dromios" and "The Two Smallest Men, and Greatest Curiosities Living." The exhibit opened on 11 August 1862. Despite what their eyes witnessed, some museum-goers still said that Nutt was Tom Thumb in disguise. Barnum wrote, "It is very amusing to see how people will sometimes deceive themselves by being too incredulous."

About two months after his debut, Nutt met with New York City Police Department officers. He applied for and was given a policeman's job. He ordered a uniform. Then he sent a telegram to the officers of the Ninth Precinct telling them that he had just gotten a job on the Broadway Squadwith "extraordinary powers to arrest" people outside the Museum and to "take [them] upstairs".

President Abraham Lincoln asked Barnum and Nutt to come to the White House in November 1862. When the two arrived, Lincoln left a cabinet meeting to welcome them. Nutt asked Salmon P. Chase, the Secretary of the Treasury, if he was the man who was spending so much of Uncle Sam's money. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War, interrupted to say that he was the man. "Well," said Nutt, "It is in a good cause, anyhow, and I guess it will come out all right." As Barnum and Nutt were on their way out, President Lincoln shook Nutt's hand. He told the Commodore that he should "wade ashore" if his "fleet" was ever in danger. Nutt looked up and down Lincoln's long legs. "I guess, Mr. President", he said, "You could do that better than I could."

Mercy Lavinia Warren Bump was a little person who taught school in her hometown of Marlboro, Massachusetts. She was traveling on a showboat-museum in the Midwest however when Barnum learned of her. He hired her in 1862. Her name was shortened to Lavinia Warren. She first appeared at the Museum in 1863. Warren was 21 years old, tall, and weighed . Barnum billed her as "The Queen of Beauty". Nutt developed an "adolescent crush" on her, but Nutt would be disappointed.

Barnum gave Lavinia a diamond and emerald ring. It did not fit her finger properly, so he told her to give the ring to Nutt as a token of her friendship. Nutt regarded the ring as a token of her love instead. He fell more in love with her than ever. Lavinia was uncomfortable with his attentions. She thought of herself as "quite a woman", but regarded Nutt as just a "nice little boy".

Thumb was not appearing in New York City when Lavinia was hired, but he met her when he visited the Museum in the autumn of 1862. He told Barnum the same day that he had fallen in love with her. Thumb wanted Barnum on his side in this love affair (rather than on Nutt's side), so he quietly promised Barnum he would marry Lavinia in a public ceremony. Barnum knew at once that such a spectacle would make him a fortune. He told Lavinia to take Thumb's romantic interest seriously. He reminded her that the little man was rich.

Nutt knew that Thumb was in love with Lavinia. He was jealous. He had a fight with Thumb in a dressing room at the Museum. He threw him on the floor, and beat him up. Nutt invited himself along when Lavinia was asked to Barnum's home for a weekend visit. Little did he know that Thumb and his mother would be there, too.

Nutt left New York City on a train late Saturday night. He got to Barnum's house about 11 pm. He found Thumb and Lavinia alone in the downstairs parlor. Thumb had proposed, and Lavinia had accepted. Nutt only learned of their engagement a week later when Lavinia and Barnum told him. Nutt had a hard time forgiving both Thumb and Barnum for (as he termed it) this "dastardly" offense. 
Lavinia's younger sister Minnie was much smaller than she was. Barnum thought she would make a good match for Nutt. He asked Nutt to think about marrying Minnie. Nutt told Barnum he had little faith in women. He said that he would not marry "the best woman living".

Barnum wanted Minnie and Nutt to go to the wedding as Lavinia and Thumb's bridesmaid and best man. Nutt refused. Later, Thumb himself asked Nutt to be his best man. Nutt accepted. He told Barnum, "It was not your business to ask me. When the proper person invited me, I consented."

Thumb and Lavinia were married at Grace Episcopal Church, New York City, on Tuesday 10 February 1863. Nutt and Minnie were best man and bridesmaid at the "Fairy Wedding". Police stopped traffic as people gathered in the streets to see the arrival of the wedding party. The wedding was planned to start at noon, but it did not start until the bride got to the church at 12:30 pm. Barnum led the wedding party down the center aisle.

Two thousand people were invited to the wedding. Mrs. John Jacob Aster, Mrs. William H. Vanderbilt, Mrs. Horace Greeley, and General Ambrose Burnside were there. Members of the church complained about the "marriage of mountebanks". They became angry when they were told they could not sit in their own pews. Much of the public curiosity about the marriage was based on an interest in the sexual mechanics of Thumb and Lavinia. Barnum did not encourage or discourage this interest.

The wedding reception was held in the Metropolitan Hotel on Broadway at 3 pm. The four little members of the wedding party stood on top of a grand piano so they could be seen by everyone. Nutt gave Lavinia a diamond ring as a wedding present. Americans loved the wedding. It was welcome relief from the horrors and sorrows of the war.

People around the world took great interest in the wedding. Barnum thought this was a chance to make a lot of money. He sent the members of the wedding party on long, successful tours of America and Europe. The four little persons were sent off again this time on a grand tour of the world as The Tom Thumb Company.

The four little ones left the United States on 21 June 1869. They travelled 60,000 miles around the world, visited 587 cities and towns, and gave 1,471 performances of songs, speeches, and military drills. They returned to America in 1872. Nutt and Barnum argued after the tour. Nutt quit. He joined Harry Deakin's Lilliputian Comic Opera Company. This company toured America in an operetta called "Jack, the Giant Killer".
Nutt and his brother Rodnia put together a variety show. It played in Portland, Oregon. It was not a success. Nutt went to San Francisco, California, and put together another show. He tired of the life within a year and quit. Another show he put together about this time was not successful either. Nutt ran a couple of saloons in Oregon and San Francisco, but these were not successes.

Newspapers reported at least four times that Nutt and Minnie were married. They were close friends, but never husband and wife. Minnie married a song and dance man who performed on roller skates named Edward Newell. She died while having his baby in 1878.

One day long after the wedding of the Thumbs, Barnum asked Nutt why he had not married. "Sir, my fruit is plucked", he said, "I have concluded not to marry until I'm thirty." His bride's height was of no concern, he said, but he did "prefer marrying a good, green country girl to anyone else."

In 1879, Nutt married Miss Lilian Elston of Redwood City, California. He had met her while he was touring the American West. She was a bit shorter than most women, but not a little person.

After his failures on the West Coast, Nutt went back to New York City. He bought a saloon. One day, he was caught selling liquor without a license. The New York City courts closed his saloon. Nutt was in charge of an amusement area called Rockaway Pier for a time. He returned to performing with an act called "Tally-Ho".
Early in 1881, Nutt had an attack of Bright's disease (nephritis). He was sick for more than two months. He died on 25 May 1881 at the Anthony House in New York City. Nutt's wife cried over his coffin at the funeral. She called him her "dear little boy", and said that he was "so good". Nutt was buried in Merrill Cemetery at Manchester, New Hampshire.

Nutt had grown from his original , and weighed a little less than at his death. In 1891, the editors of "Appleton's Cyclopedia" wrote, "Commodore Nutt was distinguished for large-hearted virtues that are often lacking in bigger men; his genial temper was allied to constancy and generosity that entitle his memory to the highest respect." The editors noted that Nutt was "for many years faithful to an early love."



Helicopter parent

Helicopter parents are those who hover over their children, cosseting them
and overseeing their entire lives.

The terminology began appearing around 1969. It was not until late 2002 or 2003, however, that the term became very popular via media and cell phone use. This was at exactly the same time the millennials begin turning 18 and moving into college. The rising of mobile phones is often blamed for the rise of helicopter parent-style teaching over the years. The phone enables the mother to keep in touch at all times, which was almost impossible before. What caused most notice was parents following up children as far as college and early employment. Sports coaches, college teachers and employers have had the experience of parents turning up to complain and argue in support of their children.

Clostridium

Clostridium is a genus of bacteria. "Clostridium" bacteria are obligate anaerobes, which means they do not need oxygen to grow.

"Clostridium" bacteria are shaped like rods. The name ""Clostridium"" comes from the Greek word "kloster" (κλωστήρ), which means "spindle."

"Clostridium" bacteria are gram-positive and can produce endospores.

There are many different species of "Clostridium" bacteria. Some of these species can cause serious illness.

"Clostridium botulinum" bacteria make a toxin called botulinum. When botulinum toxins get into food or wounds, they cause botulism, a dangerous disease. Botulism can paralyze the muscles (stop the muscles from moving or working). People can die from botulism if their breathing muscles get paralyzed. This makes them unable to breathe.

Most cases of botulism happen because people eat meat that was not cooked well enough, or eat canned food that was not canned properly.

If babies under age one eat natural honey, they can get infant botulism. Most adults and older children can eat natural honey without getting sick. In healthy people, the intestines are filled with good, healthy bacteria. Usually, these regular bacteria keep "Clostridium botulinum" under control. Infants do not have enough of these good bacteria to be able to eat honey safely.

Sometimes doctors use botulinum toxins to treat medical problems. There are medicines, like Botox, which contain botulinum toxin. Some people get Botox treatments when they have wrinkles in the face. When it is injected into the forehead, Botox paralyzes the muscles in the face, and makes the face look smoother.

"Clostridium difficile" bacteria can cause bad diarrhea and serious illness. Usually, people get "Clostridium difficile" infection after they have taken antibiotic medicines. These medicines can kill the healthy bacteria that normally live in the intestines and keep "Clostridium difficile" bacteria under control. "Clostridium difficile" infection can be spread from person to person, and is getting more common in hospitals, nursing homes, and other health care facilities. Just in the United States, 14,000 people die every year from "Clostridium difficile" infection.

"Clostridium difficile" is an antibiotic-resistant bacteria. This means that many antibiotic medicines cannot kill the bacteria. This makes "Clostridium difficile" infection difficult to treat.

"Clostridium tetani" causes tetanus. Usually, people get tetanus when they get a cut or wound, and "Clostridium tetani" bacteria get into the wound. At first, tetanus causes the muscles in the jaw to spasm (tighten). (Tetanus is often called "lockjaw" because the jaw muscles spasm so badly that the jaw seems "locked.") This can make it difficult to swallow. As tetanus gets worse, other muscles in the body get stiff and spasm.

Tetanus immunization can keep people from getting tetanus.

Gram-positive

Gram-positive bacteria are those that are stained dark blue or violet by Gram staining. This is in contrast to gram-negative bacteria, which cannot hold the "crystal violet" stain. Instead they take up the counterstain ("safranin" or "fuchsine") and appear red or pink. 

The difference is caused by the cell wall structure. Gram-positive organisms have thick peptidoglycan layer. This protects them, so they do not need rigid cell walls. On the other hand, gram-negative bacteria have thin, insignificant peptidoglycan layers, so they do need rigid cell walls for support and protection. 



Minigun

The M134 Minigun is an American 7.62x51mm six-barreled machine gun. Its rate of fire is 3000 to 4000 rounds (bullets) per minute. It is called "mini" as compared to the earlier, much bigger M61 Vulcan.

In movies and video games, the Minigun is sometimes called the chaingun, but this is a mistake. The chaingun is completely different and has only one barrel.


Ron Moody

Ron Moody (born Ronald Moodnick; 8 January 1924 – 11 June 2015) was a British actor, composer, singer and writer. He was known for his roles in "Murder Most Foul" (1964), "Summer Holiday" (1963), "Oliver!" (1968), and in "The Twelve Chairs" (1970). He won a Golden Globe Award for his role in "Oliver!" in 1968.

Moody was born on 8 January 1924 in Tottenham, London, England. He was raised in Hornsey, England. Moody studied at Southgate County School and at London School of Economics. His father was of Russian Jewish descent and his mother was a Lithuanian Jew. Moody married Therese Blackbourn in 1985. They had six children. 

Moody died in hospital on 11 June 2015, aged 91.


Abdul Basit 'Abd us-Samad

Qari Abdul Basit 'Abd us-Samad (1927 – 30 November 1988; ) was a well known Qari (reciter of the Quran). As such, many modern reciters try to copy his style. He is the only Qari to have won three world Qirat competitions in the early 1970s. 'Abd us-Samad was one of the first Hafiz to make commercial recordings of his recitations, and the first president of the newly formed Reciters' Union in Egypt. He is best known for his recitation of Sura Al-Fatiha, the first chapter of the Qur'an, and an important sura in the five daily Islamic prayers. Basit's eldest son; Tarek Abd us-Samad is currently also a well-known Qari in Egypt. 

Abdul Basit was born in a village called Armant, in southern Egypt, to a middle-class Upper-Egyptian family. In 1950, he came to Cairo where Muslims in many mosques were touched by his recitations. On one happening, he was reciting verses from Sura al-Ahzab (The Confederates) he was requested to recite for longer than 10 minutes by his audience, and continued to recite for over an hour and a half, his listeners were captured by his mastery of pitch, tone and the rules of tajweed (Qur'anic recitation).

'Abd us-Samad travelled outside Egypt, in 1961, he recited at the Badshahi Masjid, in Lahore, Pakistan. In 1987, whilst on a visit to America, 'Abd us-Samad related a story from one trip he made to the Soviet Union, with then Egyptian president Gamal Abdel Nasser. 

'Abd us-Samad was asked to recite for some leaders of the Soviet party. 'Abd us-Samad remembered that four to five of his listeners from the Communist Party were in tears on hearing the recitation, although they didn't understand what was being recited, but they cried, apparently touched by his recitation. 

Indira Gandhi, an Indian prime minister and political leader always felt touched by his recitation and would stop alongside to appreciate his recitation.

'Abd us-Samad died on 30 November 1988, and is survived by his three sons (from oldest to the youngest): Yasir, Hisham, and Tariq. Following his father's footsteps, Yasir has also become a "Qari"


Fokker D.XXI

The Fokker D.XXI is a single-engine fighter aircraft designed and built by Fokker in 1935. It was used by the Dutch Air Force in World War II against Luftwaffe. Slower and less maneuverable than the German fighters as Messerschmitt Bf 109 most of them were quickly destroyed.Denmark and Finland also used this aircraft in the war.

General Dynamics–Grumman EF-111A Raven

The General Dynamics / Grumman EF-111 Raven is a twin-turbojets military aircraft. Its main mission was jamming enemy radar, including those of the anti-aircraft defense. It was designed and built in the United States, and flown only for the U.S. Air Force. It was used in the last years of Cold War and for the Yugoslavia's war NATO operation in 1995. It stopped being made in 1998.

Fouga CM-170 Magister

The Fouga CM-170 Magister is a French military aircraft. Designed and built as a training aircraft, it was also a light atack aircraft. It was built under licence in Belgium, Finland and Germany. The Fouga CM-170 Magister was used by many air forces in the world: Algeria, Austria, Bangladesh, Belgium, Biafra, Brazil, Cambodia, Cameroon, El Salvador, Finland, France, Gabon, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Katanga, Khmer Republic, Lebanon, Libya, Morocco, Nicaragua, Rwanda, Senegal, Togo, and Uganda.

It was the major aircraft of the "Patrouille de France" from 1964 to 1981. In 2013 many CM-170 Magisters fly on air meeting around the world.


Fouga CM-175 Zéphyr

The Fouga CM-175 Zéphyr is a navalized variant of the Fouga CM-170 Magister. It was used by the French Navy for air training between 1959 and 1994. Thirty examples only were built, and it was not sale at foreign country. It flown from the French aircraft carrier Clemenceau, and sister-ship Foch. 

Fougasse (bread)

Fougasse is a type of bread made in Provence, France. It is coked with lardons, olive oil, and sometimes "herbes de Provence" and it is usually served as an accompaniment to an apéritif.

911 (disambiguation)

911 might mean:


Qari

Qāri', or "reader", is a person who recites the Qur'an with the proper rules of recitation. 

Although it is encouraged, a reciter ("Qari") does not necessarily have to memorise the Qur'an, just to recite it with proper rules.


These Qaris have memorized the whole Quran. Hafiz means a Muslim who memorized the whole Quran.

Mario Doyon

Mario Doyon (born August 27, 1968 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman that played a total of 28 games in the NHL.

Before he played in the NHL, Doyon played 3 seasons in the QMJHL with the Drummondville Voltigeurs. He was drafted #119 overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1986 NHL Entry Draft. Doyon played 7 games with the Chicago Blackhawks and 22 games with the Quebec Nordiques. He last played for the Corpus Christi Rayz of the Central Hockey League. He has also played roller hockey with the Montreal Roadrunners of the Roller Hockey International.

He currently plays coaches the Indiana Jr Ice U-16 hockey team which his son Drew Doyon plays on.

Carrie Akers

Carrie Akers (1860s - ?) was an American sideshow attraction. Contrary to several websites, she was not known as The Warthog. She was born in Virginia. She weighed 309 pounds, and stood 34 inches tall. She was both a sideshow Fat Lady and one of the Little People (dwarves, midgets). She was known as "Quarrelsome Carrie" in the sideshow community because of her volcanic temper. The community avoided her. A fiery dispute with P. T. Barnum led to the showman firing her from the American Museum [source?]. 


Bayonne Bridge

The Bayonne Bridge is a steel arch bridge that connects Bayonne, New Jersey and Staten Island, New York. It is the fifth-longest steel arch bridge in the world. It was the longest in the world when it was opened. It was designed by bridge-builder Othmar Ammann and architect Cass Gilbert. It was built by the Port of New York Authority (now the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey). It opened on November 15, 1931. In 2017 the deck was raised to allow ships designed for the new Panama Canal to pass.

The bridge of one of three bridges that connect Staten Island with New Jersey. The other bridges are the Goethals Bridge to Elizabeth, New Jersey and the Outerbridge Crossing to Perth Amboy, New Jersey.

Jonathan Bass

Jonathan R. Bass (November 25, 1830 - September 13, 1892) was an American sideshow attraction. His stage name was The Ossified Man. He was born in New York State. Rheumatism led to the ossification of his joints, tendons, and muscles in his teen years. His sideshow career began in 1887 at Niagara Falls. He toured the United States. He died in New York City in 1892. 
Bass was born in Cambria in western New York State. He was the eldest of three brothers. He appeared perfectly normal in his very early years. As a child and a teenager however, a series of rheumatism attacks left him unable to walk without crutches and canes.

Eventually, Bass became completely ossified. The rheumatism led to ankylosis of his joints, tendons, and muscles. They turned to bone. Things got worse. In 1869, he lost his eyesight. He had to eat by sucking food up and swallowing it whole. When his mother died in 1872, a brother began taking care of him.

In 1887, Bass began his show biz career at Niagara Falls. He then worked his way across the United States. In spite of his disabilities, Bass remained cheerful. He parted with his manager after a dispute about his cut of the take.

Bass died of a fever and pneumonia while performing in Huber's Museum in New York City. The family refused an autopsy. Bass was buried in an ironclad vault to deter grave robbers from making off with the body.

An article in a 1908 issue of "Scientific American" accused a careless museum attendant of causing Bass's death by letting the man fall to the pavement while being lifted from a carriage.


Unisphere

The Unisphere is a stainless steel globe in Queens, New York City. It is in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park. It was designed by landscape architect Gilmore D. Clarke. It is a symbol of the borough of Queens. The globe weighs . This makes it the world's largest globe. There are fountains and a reflecting pool around the Unisphere.

The Unisphere was built for the 1964-1965 New York World's Fair. The Unisphere is designed to show countries around the world depending on each other. It stayed at the park after the World's Fair. The Unisphere was cleaned from 1993 to 1994.

Flushing Meadows–Corona Park used to be a landfill in Queens. The landfill was turned into the 1939/1940 New York World's Fair. After the fair, it was used as a park. The 1964 New York World's Fair also happened at Flushing Meadows. Gilmore David Clarke and Michael Rapuano designed the park for 1964 Fair.

Robert Moses ran the 1964 World's Fair. He announced the Unisphere in February 1961. At first, Clarke designed the Unisphere as an aluminum structure with metal continents and islands. Designers at Peter Muller-Munk Associates added structural steel. The last design was a lot like the first. The last design had fountains surrounding the Unisphere.

The Unisphere was built by the American Bridge Company. The American Bridge Company was part of another company called US Steel. The Unisphere was built in 110 days. The last piece of land was put on the Unishphere on August 13, 1963. At night, the Unisphere was lit up to show sunrise moving across the globe. There were lights showing the capitals of countries.

In 1966, US Steel gave $100,000 so the Unisphere could stay at the park. In 1967, the park reopened. The Unisphere became dirty afterward. People wrote graffiti in the pools.

In 1989, the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation said it would clean the Unisphere. From 1993 to 1994, the Unisphere was fixed and cleaned. The fountains were also turned back on. It became an official city landmark in May 1995. The Unisphere's fountain was cleaned again in 2010.

The Unisphere is the world's largest globe. It is wide and tall. The globe weighs . Its base weighs . The Unisphere is made of stainless steel. The continents and islands on the Unisphere were made by the Rigidized Metals Corporation. The Unisphere is tilted 23.5 degrees.

There are three rings around the Unisphere. They show the orbits of Yuri Gagarin, John Glenn, and the Telstar satellite around the Earth. There were supposed to be more rings, but the designers could not do this. The rings are held up with aircraft cable. The Unisphere's continents and islands are made of many layers of metal sheets. The Unisphere has many latitude and longitude bars of different sizes. This makes the structure stable.

There is a reflecting pool around the Unisphere. It measures across. There are 48 fountains in the pool. These fountains are supposed to make the Unisphere look like it is floating in space. There are also plaques around the pool.

The Unisphere has a concrete foundation. The ground under the Unisphere used to be a marsh. There are 528 wooden rods under the Unisphere.


Isaac Sprague

Isaac W. Sprague (May 21, 1841 - January 5, 1887) was an American sideshow attraction. His stage name was The Skeleton Man. He also appeared as The Living Skeleton and The Original Thin Man. He was born in Massachusetts. Doctors were puzzled when he began losing weight rapidly in his teens. He joined a sideshow in 1865, then got a job at P. T. Barnum's American Museum in New York City in 1868. He married and had three healthy sons. He died penniless in Chicago, Illinois in 1887.

Sprague was born in East Bridgewater, Massachusetts to Nathaniel Sprague, a shoemaker, and his wife, Betsey Sprague. He was a normal child who spent much time swimming. At 12 years, he began to lose weight quickly. His appetite was healthy. Sprague blamed the swimming for his weight loss, but doctors were puzzled.

Sprague worked in his father's shoemaking business and later in his father's grocery store. The more weight Sprague lost, the weaker he grew. After his parents died, he was too weak to work and was forced to leave his job. 

In 1865, a sideshow passed through town. He declined a job offer with the troupe, but reconsidered and joined the show. He appeared as The Living Skeleton or The Original Thin Man. He went to New York City and got a job in P. T. Barnum's American Museum at $80 a week. Sprague's job ended when the museum burned to the ground in 1868.

Sprague married Tamar Moore, and sired three healthy boys upon her. He returned to work with Barnum and other showman. At age 44, Sprague stood five feet six inches, and weighed only 44 pounds. Physicians decided he suffered from extreme muscular atrophy. He died penniless in Chicago, Illinois in 1892.


Scott McCloud

Scott McCloud (born Scott McLeod on June 10, 1960) is an American artist. He is famous for writing comic books that are about comic books. His book "Understanding Comics" was published in 1993. It is about comic books as a form of art. He has also written "Reinventing Comics" (2000) and "Making Comics" (2006). 

In 1984, he created a superhero comic called "Zot!". McCloud thought that super heroes were too grim so he made "Zot!" fun and light-hearted. 

McCloud does most of his art on computers with a graphics tablet and software like Adobe Photoshop.

Andrea Evans

Andrea Lynn Evans (June 18, 1957 – July 9, 2023) was an American actress. She worked mostly on television soap operas. She played Rebecca Hotchkiss in the soap opera "Passions", and Tawny in the series "The Bold and the Beautiful". Evans was born in Aurora, Illinois.

Evans died of breast cancer at her home in Pasadena, California, on July 9, 2023, at the age of 66.

The Wild Men of Borneo

The Wild Men of Borneo was a sideshow attraction. The Wild Men were midget brothers Hiram and Barney Davis. Hiram (1825–1905) was born in England. His brother Barney (1827–1912) was born on Long Island, New York State.

The two were mentally deficient, but physically strong. They each stood about 42 inches tall and weighed about 40 pounds. In 1852, showman Lyman Warner discovered them, and bought the two from their widowed mother.

Warner named them Waino and Plutano. The two capably acted their parts as The Wild Men of Borneo. They talked gibberish, lifted male audience members, or wrestled to show their muscles. They recited poems they had been taught. When Lyman Warner died in 1871, his son Hanford managed the brothers.

In 1880, Waino and Plutano were managed by P. T. Barnum. Under his direction, The Wild Men of Borneo became one of the most famous sideshow attractions in the world. The two earned $200,000 over their lifetimes.

In 1893, the promotional booklet "What We Know About Waino and Plutano, Wild Men of Borneo" described their 1848 "capture" and the Wild Men as hardly above the social level of "orang-outangs of a like size".

The brothers' sideshow days ended in 1903 when Hiram fell ill. They moved to Massachusetts. Hiram died in 1905 and Barney in 1912. The two are buried in Mount Vernon, Ohio.


Casey Affleck

Caleb Casey McGuire Affleck-Boldt (born August 12, 1975) is an American actor and director. He is the younger brother of Ben Affleck.

He played Morgan O'Mally in "Good Will Hunting", Virgil Malloy in the "Ocean's Trilogy" and Patrick Kenzie in "Gone Baby Gone". He portrayed Robert Ford in "The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford" which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor.

In 2017, Affleck won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in "Manchester by the Sea".

Affleck was born in Falmouth, Massachusetts. He is the second son of Christine Anne "Chris" (née Boldt), a school district employee and teacher, and Timothy Byers Affleck, a drug counselor, social worker, janitor, auto mechanic, bartender, and former actor with the Theater Company of Boston. Affleck is three years younger than his brother Ben. He has English, Irish, German, Scottish, French, Swiss, Northern Irish (Scotch-Irish), Welsh, and Swedish ancestry. He is a tenth cousin, once removed, of actor Matt Damon, through a common New England ancestor. He was raised in a mostly Episcopalian family. As a child, he had numerous pets, including cats, snakes, guinea pigs and turtles. Affleck went to George Washington University and later transferred to Columbia University in New York City, where he majored in physics, astronomy, and Western philosophy, but never graduated.


Linda Thorson

Linda Thorson (born Linda Robinson on 18 June 1947) is a Canadian actress. She acts mostly on television. She played Tara in the British television action show "The Avengers". Thorson was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Nebling

Nebling is a small village in the municipality of Untergriesbach in Passau in Lower Bavaria, Germany.


Snuff (song)

"Snuff" is the fifth single from the album "All Hope Is Gone" by metal band Slipknot. It was released on September 28, 2009.

The song reached #2 on "Billboard"'s Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks. It was the last single that was released from the band before the death of their bassist, Paul Gray. Vocalist Corey Taylor performs an acoustic version of the song as a tribute to Paul Gray during Stone Sour shows.

The song was nominated for Best Single at the Kerrang! Awards 2010. It lost to "Liquid Confidence" by You Me at Six.

Social movement

The term social movement refers to action by groups, individuals or organizations focusing over political or social matters. In particular, the movement wants to resist or undo certain change. A reform movement is one seeking to change laws and normals. Trade unions represent rights to abortion, LGBT and workers rights.


Minority rights

The term minority rights refers to the rights of minority groups. This includes the individual rights of a group's members and the collective rights of the group itself. These groups can be racial, ethnic, class, religious, linguistic or sexual minorities.

For the rights of ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities, Article 27 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights protects their identities. For people with disabilities, the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities exists to protect them, and for LGBT people, the Yogyakarta Principles were written down by the United Nations.

Also, the Council of Europe, European Union and Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe also affirm protection of minority rights as part of human rights and the rule of law.


Cherokee mythology

The Native American Cherokee people of the Appalachians have a complex set of spiritual beliefs. Their mythology involves a set of totemic creation spirits who are said to have formed the world.

The Cherokee believe that signs, visions, dreams and powers were all gifts of the spirits. They believe that the real world is intertwined with and presided over by the spirit world.

The creation myth of the Cherokee describes the earth as a great floating island surrounded by an ocean. It hangs from the sky by cords attached at the four cardinal points. The story tells that the first earth came to be when Dâyuni'sï, the little water beetle, came down from the sky world (Gälûñ'lätï) to see what was below the water. He paddled over the surface of the water, but found no place to rest. He dived to the bottom of the water and brought up some soft mud. This mud expanded in every direction and became the earth.

The other spirits in Gälûñ'lätï were eager to come down to the new earth. Firstly, birds were sent to see if the mud was dry. The buzzard was sent ahead to make preparations for the others, but the earth was still soft. When he grew tired, his wings dipped very low and brushed the soft mud, forming mountains and valleys in the flat ground. When the earth was finally dry, all of the animals came down from the sky. It was dark, so they took the Sun and put it in a track to travel east to west. At first, they set it too low and the crawfish was burned. So they elevated the sun several times to reduce its heat.

The story tells how several other plants and animals got certain features. They all were told to stay awake for seven nights, but only a few animals such as the owl and panther were able to; and so these two were given the power to see and hunt at night. Only a few trees were able to as well – the cedar, pine, spruce and laurel – and so the rest were forced to shed their leaves in the winter.

The first people were a brother and sister. The brother hit his sister with a fish and told her to multiply. Following this, she gave birth to a child every seven days. Soon, there were too many people, so women were then forced to have just one child every year.

The Cherokee revere the Great Spirit. She is called Unelanuhi, the sun goddess. She presided over all things when the earth was created, and was said to have made the earth to provide for her children. Unelanuhi is all-seeing, all-knowing and all-powerful. The Wahnenauhi Manuscript says that God is "Unahlahnauhi", meaning "maker of all things", and "Kalvlvtiahi", meaning "the one who lives above".

The twin Thunder Boys are the sons of Kanati and Selu. They live in the land of the west above the sky. When thunder sounds, the boys are playing ball. The lightning and the rainbow are their beautiful dress. The priests pray to the thunder and he visited the people to bring the rains and blessings from the South. It was believed that the thunder beings who lived close to the Earth's surface, in the cliffs and mountains, and under water falls could and did harm the people at times. These other thunders are always plotting mischief. The thunder beings were viewed as the most powerful of the servants of the Great Spirit. They were revered in the first dance of the Green Corn Ceremony held each year. They were believed to have brought the rains for a successful corn crop.


There is no one evil spirit in Cherokee theology. An "asgina" is any kind of spirit, but it is usually considered to be a bad spirit. Uya, sometimes called Uyaga is an evil earth spirit which works against the forces of good and what is right. There is also Nun'Yunu'Wi and Kalona Ayeliski, evil spirits who prey on the souls of the dying and would torment their victims until they died.

All disease and suffering is traditionally believed to be caused by the spirits or by witchcraft. It was also believed that the plants made medicine to cure each sickness that entered the world. When the medicine man does not know what medicine to use the spirits of the plants tell him.


Tanycolagreus

Tanycolagreus is a genus of coelurosaur theropod from the Upper Jurassic of North America.

The fossil holotype was donated to science by an anonymous benefactor. It is part of the collection of Thanksgiving Point Institute, and displayed in the North American Museum of Ancient Life at Lehi, Utah. It includes an incomplete skull and mandible (lower jaws) and much of the postcranial skeleton, i.e. the parts behind the head. The size of this specimen suggests a size in life of about 3.3 meters (11 feet) long.

The fossil was found in the Morrison Formation, where originally there was a great variety of life. This environment a savannah with many rivers. Along the rivers were conifer forests, with ginkgos, cycads, tree ferns, and horsetails rushes. 

Insects were very similar to modern species, with termites building 30 m (100 ft.) tall nests. Along the rivers, there were fish, frogs, salamanders, lizards, crocodiles, turtles, pterosaurs, crayfish, clams, and monotremes (prototherian mammals, the largest of which was about the size of a rat). The dinosaurs were most likely along the rivers as well. Hundreds of dinosaur fossils have been discovered.

According to radiometric dating, the Morrison Formation dates from 156.3 ± 2 million years old (mya) at its base, to 146.8 ± 1 mya at the top, so it lasted just under 10 million years.

Carpenter and his co-workers said that this genus most closely resembles "Coelurus", though it has some more "primitive" features. Although a 2007 analysis suggested it was a basal Tyrannosaur, later work showed once again its basal position in the Coelurosauria.

Videotape

Videotape is magnetic tape used to record moving images and (usually) sound. Videotape was invented in the 1950s for recording television shows for later broadcasting. In the 1970s it entered use in low-cost filmmaking. In the 1980s analog tape became commonplace at home, and replaced the use of photographic film for home movies. Better digital videotape systems started replacing motion picture film at the end of the 20th century. 21st century video mostly uses digital recording media such as memory cards and hard drives rather than videotape. 

Saint Catherine's Monastery

Saint Catherine's Monastery is a monastery in Sinai Peninsula, Egypt. It is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site.


Arabian Desert

The Arabian Desert is a desert in western Asia. It is on most of the Arabian Peninsula. It covers . Most people are Arabs. The main language is Arabic, and the main religion is Sunni Islam.

The countries in The Arabian Desert are Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain, the UAE, Oman, and Yemen.

Animals that live here are gazelles, oryx, sand cats, and spiny-tailed lizards. Very few animals live in the Rub' al Khali in the middle of the desert.

My Old Man (Said Follow the Van)

My Old Man is a music hall song. It was written in 1919 by Fred W. Leigh and Charles Collins. Marie Lloyd made the song popular.

The chorus is known the most:


Mobridge, South Dakota

Mobridge is a city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is in Walworth County, which is in the northern part of the state. It became a city in 1906, and 3,261 people lived there at the 2020 census.


Delusional disorder

The term delusional disorder refers to an uncommon although serious condition in which patients have non-bizarre delusions. These patients function in normal manners. Their delusions are not caused from drugs or general disorders. Examples of these delusions include being followed, spied on or being poisoned, having certain health problems, such as heart disease or stroke.

Where's My Water?

Where's My Water? is a puzzle video game developed by Creature Feep and published by Disney Mobile, a subsidiary of Disney Interactive Studios. Released for desktop web browsers such as Internet Explorer and devices using Apple's iOS, Google's Android, Microsoft's Windows Phone and BlackBerry 10 operating systems, the game requires players to route a supply of water to an alligator. Its lead character, Swampy, is the first original Disney character for a mobile game.

The game has inspired more games by Disney Mobile, “Where’s My Perry?” and “Where’s My Mickey?” were released on June 20, 2013. A follow-up to the game, called "Where's My Water? 2" was released on September 2013.
Swampy, an alligator living in a city sewer system, hates being dirty. Whenever he tries to take a bath, Cranky, another alligator living in the sewers, disrupts the water flow to Swampy's home.

Located somewhere on the level is a supply of water, either a limited amount pooled at different locations or an unlimited amount flowing from a pipe. Players use the touch screen on their device to dig through the dirt and redirect the water toward an inlet leading to Swampy's bathtub. In many levels, the water must be routed through other pipes or must interact with machines in order to open up a route to the inlet. When the required amount of water ( twenty minimum) reaches the bathtub, the level is completed and the next level is unlocked. Also scattered around the level are three rubber ducks that can be collected when they are filled with five drops of water. Select levels also include items hidden in the dirt that will unlock bonus levels when three-item collections are completed.

Certain levels are also populated by hazards that must be avoided or removed. For example, some levels contain algae that will absorb water and grow, while bombs destroy all objects and/or kill all the rubber ducks near the bomb's. Other types of fluids will sometimes appear, such as purple poison/acid, reddish mud, and green ooze/slime. If either poison, ooze or mud reaches the inlet, the level is failed and must be restarted (Swampy jumps out of the tub if poison/acid enters it, but simply gets surprised or disgusted if ooze/slime or mud enters it instead). If all the water or any fluids that must be converted disappear, Swampy simply mopes as the level restarts too (in the free version of this game or any version of the game until 2013, he mournfully cries as a result of failure). The poison, mud, and the ooze will kill all the rubber ducks (they turn into uncollectable skulls and make a painful-sounding quack) on contact, as well as bombs when the ducks are in the vicinity of them.

Points are awarded for the short amount of time taken to complete the level, for collecting rubber ducks and for delivering more than the minimum amount of water to Swampy's tub. Collecting a certain number of rubber ducks will also unlock new groups of levels.

"Where's My Water?" was developed by Creature Feep, a team of designers within the Disney Mobile division of Disney Interactive Studios. Creature Feep is headed up by game design director Tim FitzRandolph. In an October 2011 interview, FitzRandolph explained that the goal for the development of "Where's My Water?" was "to contribute a new character to the company, while making a really fun game in the process".

The earliest phase of development centered around the idea of the game, which was players using their fingers to guide water to a goal. The water is rendered as lots of individual "drops" that interact with each other. At one point the designers had to devise a reason for having a bathtub underground. That reason came from the urban legend of alligators living in city sewers, so the game's lead character became a "hygiene-conscious alligator". Unlike many mobile games released by Disney, where characters from the company's films are used, "Where's My Water?" is the first time that Disney has produced an original character for a mobile game. In designing that character, Disney Mobile wanted one "that felt like it belonged when lined up with other Disney characters".

"Where's My Water?" came out with four chapters - "Meet Swampy", "Troubled Waters", "Under Pressure" and "Sink or Swim" — each containing 20 levels. New chapters were rolled out with updates, each featuring new gameplay tools and supplies. A version for devices with the Android operating system was released on the Android Market in North America on November 23, 2011 and included all six chapters available up to that point. A free, ad-supported version of "Where's My Water?" was also released to both iOS and Android in December 2011. The free version included 25 unique levels, plus the ability to unlock five popular levels taken from the main game. In May 2012, a total of 20 levels that originally appeared in the free version were added to the full version, collectively known as "The Lost Levels". The levels in question are grouped into two holiday-themed chapters. The update also included two new in-app purchases: the "Mystery Duck" mode and Locksmith Duck, which would unlock a chapter without having to collect a certain number of ducks within the main game. "Where's My Perry was" a version of the game featuring Perry the Platypus from "Phineas and Ferb". On September 19, 2012, a new update brought a special Birthday Level, "Make a Wish", to Where's My Water and Swampy's 1 Year Birthday. 10 more Lost Levels were also added for free. An infographic of Where's my Water's history teased a new update with a black-and-white and Frankenweenie-based levels.

In January 2012, "Cranky's Story", a new subset of levels within the game, was added initially to the iOS version and later to the Android version. The gameplay in "Cranky's Story" is basically the same as the main game, in that players must route a fluid to an inlet goal. However, this time the player must help Cranky by bringing the purple poisonous water into his lair to melt algae that is covering his food. This time, the ducks are purple and can only be collected by being filled with poison, while other fluids (including clean water) will kill it. If water or any of the other liquids enter the inlet, the level is failed (the water causes Cranky's food to be covered with more algae, surprising him, while ooze will turn it into a rock and being kicked away, the same is true with mud). If all of the poison is lost, then Cranky will get very angry and impatient over the loss of the poison.

The update also includes Cranky Challenges, a set of 24 challenges and eight bonus stages for the player to accomplish, but with different objectives rather than those in Swampy's main story, occasionally some Cranky levels also incorporate such Challenges. If those challenges are failed, then Swampy will just mope as if you lost all the water. If the challenge were to be a Cranky-based level, and then fail in a similar manner to other challenges, then Cranky will get very angry as if you lost all the poison.

The first five levels in the first chapter, "Cranky's First Course", are free to play, while the rest of the chapter and all of the second chapter, "Hunger Pains", are accessible through a one-time in-app purchase. An all new Food Groups and the third episode "Bulking Up" were released on April 5, 2012, as well as adding 6 challenges and two bonus stages. The fourth and final episode, "Overstuffed", was released on May 18, 2012.

There are challenges found in many Swampy and Cranky levels. There are seven basic types, four of them coming from Cranky Challenges, while the other three from the Mystery Duck's game mode:

In June 2012, a new game mode called "Mystery Duck" was introduced. It is a revisit of the levels from the main game except the player has to deal with 3 special kinds of ducks. They are:
Like "Cranky's Story", a one-time in-app purchase was required to play beyond the first five levels. On September 19, as part of the Birthday update, 40 more levels were added to Mystery Duck.

In May 2013, a new subset of levels called "Allie's Story" was added in a May 25 update. The gameplay in this mode is the same as the other modes, but this time, it requires players to direct steam to operate Allie's makeshift pipe organ. Ducks are light blue and can only be filled with steam, while other fluids (except clean water) will kill them. If water or any other fluids get in the inlet or any of the steam is lost, the level is failed. As with Cranky's Story and Mystery Duck, a one-time in-app purchase is required to play beyond the first five levels.

The update also includes Allie Challenges, a set of 24 challenges and eight bonus stages, but the player has to collect all the notes in the correct order from left to right. Occasionally, Swampy, Cranky, or Allie levels incorporate such Challenges. If the player makes a wrong turn of events, such as killing (or partially filling) the music note or breaking the correct order, then such challenge would fail and the level would be failed as well as if you lost all of the steam/water/poison.

Romanian Television

Televiziunea Română (TVR) is the national television system of Romania. It is made up of many channels (important channels of TVR : TVR1, TVR2, TVR3, TVR Cultural, TVR Info and TVR Folclor). It broadcasts most official and important international events. It started in the year 1956.


Sam Alexander

Sam Alexander (ca. 1920s-1997) was a 20th-century sideshow attraction. His stage name was "The Man with Two Faces". As a young man and an employee of the Schubert Theater in Chicago, Illinois, his carelessness with a lit cigarette caused a gasoline explosion that burned off his face. 

After a year in hospital and then a stay in a nursing home, Alexander began wearing a mask and joined a Peter Kortes sideshow. Alexander would tell his story to the audience then remove his mask. It was a shocking exhibition. Alexander was made the blow off for the show.

Alexander went on to work with Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey. At Madison Square Garden in the 1960s, ladies were so shocked by his face he was ordered off the stage. He later worked with the Clyde Beatty Circus. He later started his own sideshow company. Alexander had 72 operations throughout his life to repair his face, all were unsuccessful. Eventually, he decided the remaining years of his life were not best spent behind the mask. He died in 1997.


Quetiapine

Quetiapine (better known as Seroquel) is an antipsychotic drug used to treat bipolar disorder and unipolar major depression, though it is used off-label for anxiety problems, Tourette syndrome and autism issues. The side effects of Quetiapine include fatigue, dry mouth and being sleepy. The medication is sometimes used for PTSD.

Miriam Bryant

Miriam Bryant (born in Gothenburg, Sweden on 8 March 1991) is a Swedish-Finnish singer and songwriter.



Wood Buffalo National Park

Wood Buffalo National Park is a national park and the largest one in Canada. The park is in northeastern Alberta and southern Northwest Territories.

It was named as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 because of its biological diversity. The Peace-Athabasca Delta is one of the world's largest freshwater deltas, as well as having a population of wild bison.

Inside the park is the only natural nesting habitat for the endangered whooping crane. The park is also populated by moose, wood bison, black bear, wolf, lynx, beaver, brown bear, snowshoe hare, sandhill crane, ruffed grouse, and the world's northernmost population of red-sided garter snakes.


County Tipperary

County Tipperary () is a county of Ireland. County Tipperary is in the province of Munster. It is named after the town of Tipperary. The area of the county is in two halves, North Tipperary and South Tipperary. The population of the county as a whole is 158,754, according to the 2011 Irish Census.

Barbara Bennett

Barbara Bennett (1940s–2000) was an American sideshow attraction. Her stage name was "World's Smallest Mother". Her bones were disfigured. In the 1970s, she attended a sideshow, and decided that she wanted to be an attraction. She joined the Hall & Christ show with her similarly afflicted daughter and her husband Ed. Audiences accused her of being a male attraction in drag, Peter Moore, who suffered the same sort of disfigurements. She worked the Hall & Christ show for eight years, then bought it. After four years, she retired. She went on to have three more children. She died on Christmas Day of 2000.


Sideshow

A sideshow is an amusement or entertainment usually associated with circus and carnival midways. Such a show displays curiosities of all sorts such as bearded ladies, midgets, giants, snake charmers, two-headed babies saved in formaldehyde, six-legged calves, and more.

Robert Ford

Robert Newton "Bob" Ford (January 31, 1862 – June 8, 1892) was an American outlaw. He is best known for shooting his gang leader Jesse James in the back of the head and killing him. Ford shot James because Missouri governor Thomas T. Crittenden placed a $10,000 bounty on James. 

On June 8, 1892, while Ford was drinking in his tent saloon, Edward Capehart O'Kelley entered with a shotgun. O'Kelley said "Hello, Bob." and when Ford turned around O'Kelley fired both barrels which killed Ford instantly. "The man who shot Jesse James" was inscribed on his grave marker.


Tony Soprano

Anthony John "Tony" Soprano is an Italian-American fictional character on "The Sopranos". He is a troubled crime boss struggling to balance his family life and career in the Mafia. Soprano is also a crime boss for many criminal organizations. He was played by James Gandolfini. Soprano was born in Newark, New Jersey. Gandolfini's performance as Soprano made him famous. "Entertainment Weekly" listed him as the 42nd Greatest TV Icon of All Time.

Westwood, New Jersey

Westwood (nicknamed "The Hub of the Pascack Valley") is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. Westwood was officially incorporated as a borough on May 8, 1894. Actors James Gandolfini and Robert Sean Leonard. are from Westwood.


Staten Island Mall

The Staten Island Mall is an indoor shopping mall located in Staten Island, New York. It is the largest shopping center on Staten Island. It is the only indoor shopping mall in the borough. It opened in 1973.

The mall has 200 stores with around 3,000 people working in those stores. Stores include JCPenney, Sears, and Macy's. Many bus routes go to the mall area. This makes it the second-largest area in the borough for public transportation after the St. George ferry terminal.


Staten Island Zoo

The Staten Island Zoo is a zoo in Staten Island, New York. It has over 443 animals of over 206 species. It opened on June 10, 1936. At the time of its opening, it was considered the first "educational zoo" in the United States.

The zoo is known for its large collection of rattlesnakes. The zoo's collection is one of the largest rattlesnake collections in North America. It is the home of Staten Island Chuck, a groundhog who is New York City's official Groundhog Day forecaster.


Bobby Bland

Robert Calvin "Bobby" Bland (January 27, 1930 – June 23, 2013), also known as Bobby "Blue" Bland, was an American singer of blues and soul. He was an original member of the Beale Streeters, and was sometimes referred to as the "Lion of the Blues". Along with such artists as Sam Cooke, Ray Charles, and Junior Parker, Bland developed a sound that mixed gospel with the blues and R&B.

Bland was an African-American who was born on January 27, 1930 in Rosemark, Tennessee. He was raised in Memphis, Tennessee. Bland died on June 23, 2013 in Germantown, Tennessee from an illness. He was 83 years old. After his death, his son told news media that Bland had recently discovered that musician James Cotton was his half-brother.


Vanesa Capo Perez

Vanesa Capo Perez (born October 3, 1982 in Balearic Islands) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability: she has cerebral palsy and is an S6 type swimmer. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the 4 x 50 meter Relay 20pts race. 

Tania Cerda Meseguer

Tania Cerda Meseguer (born September 30, 1977 in Badalona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a physical disability: she is an S9 type swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the 4 x 100 meter Relay 34 Points race. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. 

Richard Riley

Richard Wilson Riley (born January 2, 1933) is an American politician. He was United States Secretary of Education under President Bill Clinton. He was the 111th Governor of South Carolina. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Riley was born on January 2, 1933 in Greenville, South Carolina. He studied at Furman University and at the University of South Carolina. Riley is currently married to Ann Yarborough. They had four children.


Pablo Cimadevila Alvarez

Pablo Cimadevila Alvarez (born December 12, 1978 in Pontevedra) is a swimmer from Spain. Back in "1982" when Pablo was only "four-years-old", he faced a severe car accident. Due to which he becomes paraplegic. Later, Cimadevila took swimming classes and decided to pursue a career as a swimmer. He is an S6 type swimmer. 

Cimadevila won his first Bronze Medal in Men's 200meter freestyle back in "1991". Similarly, in "1998" he won a Gold Medal in "Men's 4x50 m" freestyle relay. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 200 meter individual medley. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 4×50 meter medley relay 20 pts race. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 200 meter individual medley race and third in the 4×50 m medley 20 points race. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

In 2010, he raced at the Tenerife International Open.

In "2014" Pablo established a jewelry company named "Cimadevila Designs". He has a jewelry brand named "Kamikaze Jewels". 

Jesús Collado Alarcon

Jesus Collado Alarcon (born September 13, 1979 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability; he is an S9 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 100 meter butterfly race. He finished third in the 100 meter backstroke race and in the 200 meter individual medley SM9 race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 100 meter butterfly race. He finished third in the 100 meter backstroke race. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 400 meter freestyle race. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

In 2010, he raced at the Tenerife International Open.

Pablo Corral Embade

Pablo Corral Embade (born January 25, 1972 in A Coruña) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is an B2/S12 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 50 meter freestyle. 

Fresh Kills Landfill

The Fresh Kills Landfill was a landfill located in Staten Island, New York City. It was opened in 1947 as a temporary landfill. The area used to be a swamp. It became New York City's main landfill in the second half of the 20th century. At one time, it was the largest man-made structure in the world. It was closed in 2001.

At the height of its service in the 1960s, the contents of 20 barges, each having 650 tons of garbage, were added to the landfill every day. By 2001, the landfill was larger than the Statue of Liberty.

After the September 11 attacks, the landfill was used to sort one third of the debris from the World Trade Center site. Around two million tons of debris from the site was taken to the landfill for sorting.

The site of the landfill will become the Freshkills Park. Construction on the park began in 2008. It will be larger than Central Park. Construction on the park will last 30 years.


Rupert's Land

Rupert's Land is a historical territory. Most of it is in Canada today, but some is in the United States. Originally, the Hudson’s Bay Company owned it. It is named after Prince Rupert of the Rhine. Who was the first head of the company. Charles II of England issued the lease, which gave the company a monoply over all fur trading along the rivers of the territory. In 1821, the company united with the North West Company from Montreal. North-Western Territory was added to the sphere of influence of the company. In 1869, the company sold its rights to both territories to the Canadian Dominion, which was the predecessor of modern-day Canada. In 1870, the Manitoba Act created the Canadian province Manitoba. Rupert's land was split: Parts of it were added to Saskatchewan, Alberta, Ontario and Quebec. In 1818, the border between Canada and the US was defined along the 49th latitude. This means that part of Rupert's land today make up the states Minnesota, North Dakota, Montana and South Dakota. In addition, "Rupert's land" is an ecclesiastical province of the Anglican Church of Canada. It is also the name of an Anglican diocese in Manitoba.

Carcharhinus

Carcharhinus is one of the 12 genera of the requiem shark family, Carcharhinidae.

Like all members of the family, they have round eyes, and the pectoral fins are completely behind the five gill slits. Most species are viviparous: the young are born fully developed.

There are currently 34 known species of the "Carcharhinus" genus: 

Kawasaki T-4

The Kawasaki T-4 is a Japanese military training plane built in all-metal. It is used only by the Japanese Air Force, and in particulary by the "Blue Impulse" aerobatic team. The Kawasaki T-4 is a twin-turbojets two seats aircraft.

Melissa Rauch

Melissa Ivy Rauch (born June 23, 1980) is an American actress and comedian. She works mainly on television. She plays Bernadette on the television sitcom "The Big Bang Theory". Rauch was born in Marlboro Township, New Jersey.

Blacknose shark

The blacknose shark ("Carcharhinus acronotus") is a species of requiem shark, in the genus "Carcharhinus". Found along the eastern coast of the Americas, this species is found mainly in coastal waters over beds of seagrass, sandy flats, and shell or coral rubble. The Blacknose shark is quite a small species of shark, with adults reaching a maximum length of 4.6 feet (1.4 metres). This shark gets its name from the black spot on the tip of its snout.

Blacknose sharks are quite small and slender with a long rounded snout and large eyes. This shark gets it's name from the black spot under the tip of the snout. The Blacknose shark has two dorsal fins. The first dorsal fin is located over the free margins of the pectoral fins, and the second dorsal fin is over or slightly infront of the anal fin. The margin of the anal fin is deeply notched. This species does not have an interdorsal ridge (ridge between dorsal fins), and the caudal peduncle doesn't have a keel. 
The Blacknose shark is grey to greenish grey with black tips on the second dorsal fin and dorsal caudal lobe. The black spot under the tip of the snout makes this shark easy to differ from other shark species which are found in the same region.
The upper jaw of the Blacknose shark has 12-13 rows of teeth on each side with 11-12 rows on the lower jaw. Teeth on the upper jaw are quite narrow and triangular with slanting cusps along with rough serrations along the bases than the tips. The lower jaw also has cusped serrated teeth with broad bases. There is one symphysial tooth in the upper jaw and one or two in the lower jaw.
The average length of a full-grown Blacknose shark is around 4.1 feet (1.2 metres), reaching a maximum size of 4.6 feet (1.4 metres). This shark usually weighs about 22 pounds (10 kg) at maturity. The Blacknose shark is quite a fast growing species, with both males and females reaching maturity at the lengths of about 1 metre.

The Blacknose shark is found in the continental and insular shelves off the eastern coast of the Americas, as far north as North Carolina and as far south as southern Brazil, including the Bahamas, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Caribbean Sea. They around found mainly in coastal waters over beds of seagrass, sandy flats, and shell or coral rubble. This species is found in different areas depending on the size and gender. Usually, only young sharks are encountered in shallow water, as the adults like depths greater than 9 metres (30 feet) and is most common at 18–64 metres (59–210 feet). 
Blacknose sharks found off the Atlantic coast of the southern United States migrate northward in the summer and southward in the winter; a similar migration occurs for the Blacknose sharks in the Gulf of Mexico.

Blacknose sharks are viviparous, and mate in late May and early June and have a 10-11 month gestation period. Currently, Blacknose sharks seem to have two different reproductive cycles in the Northwestern Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico. Studies have shown that female Blacknose sharks in the Gulf of Mexico reproduce every year, while females in the Atlantic reproduce once every two years.
One litter of Blacknose sharks can contain 3-6 pups, but the usual number is 4. At birth, the young measure 43–51 cm in length. Both genders mature at about 2 years of age. Bulls Bay, South Carolina, United States is one known nursery area for this species.

The Blacknose shark is a quick swimmer, feeding on small fish including pinfish, croakers, porgies, anchovies, spiny boxfish, and porcupine fish. It is also known to feed on octopus.

Blacknose sharks are of small commercial fishery importance, however it is fished as a gamefish, for the decent fight it gives when caught on light tackle. When it is harvested, this shark is often dried before being marketed for human consumption. This shark poses little threat to humans and has never been reported in a shark attack case. However, when confronted by divers, the Blacknose shark has been reported to give a threat display in the form of a hunched back with head raised and caudal lowered.

Holomorphic function

In mathematics a holomorphic function is a function that is defined on the complex numbers plane, and that can be differentiated everywhere where it is defined. Differentiating the function again leads to a function defined on the complex numbers. In older literature, these functions are sometimes called "regular". 

Holomorphic functions show a number of properties function defined on real numbers do not have.

County Monaghan

County Monaghan (in Gaelic ) is a county in Ireland. It is part of the province of Ulster. It is also part of the Border Region, as it borders Northern Ireland. It is named after the town of Monaghan. 60,483 people live in the county according to the 2011 census.

The main towns and villages are:

1. Monaghan - 7,452 people
2. Carrickmacross - 4,925 people 
3. Castleblayney - 3,634 people 
4. Clones - 1,761 people 
5. Ballybay - 1,461 people

There is a lot of countryside in County Monaghan. There are a few mountains like Mullyash Mountain, Slieve Beagh (on the border with Tyrone and Fermanagh) and Coolberrin Hill (214 m, 702 ft). Lakes include Lough Egish, Lough Fea, Muckno Lough, Lough Avaghon, Inner Lough (in Dartrey Forest), Drumlona Lough, White Lough and Emy Lough. 

Rivers in Monaghan include the River Fane (along the Louth border), the River Glyde (along the Louth and Meath borders), the Ulster Blackwater (along the border with County Tyrone) and the Dromore river (along the border of County Cavan, linking Cootehill to Ballybay). The Ulster Canal runs through Monaghan, but is not fully open to navigation. 

Monaghan has a number of forests, including Rossmore Forest, Dartrey Forest and Dún na Rí Forest Park. Managed by Coillte since 1988, the majority of trees are conifers. Due to a long history of intensive farming and recent intensive forestry practices, only small pockets of native woodland remain.

In 1585, the English lord deputy of Ireland, Sir John Perrot, visited the area and met the Irish chieftains. They wanted Ulster to be divided into counties, and that land in the kingdom of Airgíalla be split up and given to each of the McMahon chiefs. That is how County Monaghan was created. The county was divided into five baronies: Farney, Cremorne, Dartrey, Monaghan and Truagh, which was left under the control of the McKenna chieftains.

After the defeat of the rebellion of Hugh O'Neill, The O'Neill and the Ulster chieftains in 1603, the county was not colonised by the English ("planted") like the other counties of Ulster. The lands were instead left in the hands of the native chieftains. In the Irish Rebellion of 1641, the McMahons and their allies joined the general rebellion of Irish Catholics. Following their defeat, some plantation of the county took place with Scottish and English families.

County Monaghan is the birthplace of the poet and writer Patrick Kavanagh, who based much of his work in the county. Kavanagh is one of the most significant figures in 20th century Irish Poetry. The poems "Stony Grey Soil" and "Shancoduff" refer to the county. 

George Collie (1904–75) is a famous painter from Monaghan. He was born in Carrickmacross and trained at the Dublin Metropolitan School of Art. 

Monaghan was also the home county of the Irish writer Sir Shane Leslie (1885–1971), 3rd Baronet of Glaslough, who lived at Castle Leslie in the north-east corner of the county. He was a Catholic convert, Irish nationalist and first cousin of British Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill. Leslie became an important literary figure in the early 1900s. He was a close friend of many politicians and writers of the day including the American novelist F. Scott Fitzgerald (1896–1940), who dedicated his second novel, "The Beautiful and Damned", to Leslie. 


Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program

Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (which is known as SNAP) is a food assistance program in the United States. It supplies food for no-income or low-income people. Hot foods, medicines, and alcoholic drinks are not included. The program was originally called Food Stamp Program. It was renamed in 2008 through farm bills. The term EBT is often used.

During fiscal year 2012, close to $75 billion for assistance in food was distributed. As of September 2012, almost 48 million people received benefits. The average amount was less than $135 per month. Some states get more food assistance than other states.

Ilyushin Il-14

Ilyushin Il-14 (Ильюшин Ил-14; NATO reporting name: Crate) was a Soviet twin-engine cargo aircraft for small and medium-haul airline routes and a military transport, produced by Ilyushin.

Antonov An-2

The Antonov An-2 is a Soviet airliner & cargo aircraft. It was designed and built after World War II. It is a biplane. It can carry between nine and eleven passengers. NATO calls it "Colt". It was built under licence in China as Y-5. It is a single-engine aircraft.


Robin DR400

The Robin DR400 is a French light aircraft. It is made of wood and metal. It is used for training and sport. It is designed and built by Avions Robin in Côte-d'Or. 

Universal priesthood (doctrine)

In Christianity, different groups disagree about who can be a priest. Protestants believe that any baptized believer can become a priest (though denominations can vary depending on the question of gender), and that anyone can talk directly to God. Ordination is not necessarily needed to become a priest, however, the unordained are generally referred to as, "Preachers," and the term "Pastor" can be used interchangeably. 

In contrast, Roman Catholics believe that only male believers can become priests and that they must receive special training because they between God and His people. Pope Paul VI in 1964 issued a called : In it, he stated the position the Roman Catholic church held after the Second Vatican Council:

Christ the Lord, High Priest taken from among men, made the new people "a kingdom and priests to God the Father".The baptized, by regeneration and the anointing of the Holy Spirit, are consecrated (..) a holy priesthood, in order that through all those works which are those of the Christian man they may offer spiritual sacrifices and proclaim the power of Him who has called them out of darkness into His marvelous light.

The first person who spoke about this was Martin Luther. Luther did not use the exact phrase "priesthood of all believers". He says that there is a general priesthood in Christendom in his 1520 "To the Christian Nobility of the German Nation". In this text, he also dismisses the medieval view that Christians in the present life were to be divided into two classes: "spiritual" and "secular". He put forward the doctrine that all baptized Christians are "priests" and "spiritual" in the sight of God:
That the pope or bishop (..) dresses differently from the laity, may make a hypocrite or an idolatrous oil-painted icon, but it in no way makes a Christian or spiritual human being. In fact, we are all consecrated priests through Baptism, as St. Peter in 1 Peter 2[:9] says, "You are a royal priesthood and a priestly kingdom," and Revelation [5:10], "Through your blood you have made us into priests and kings."

Two months later Luther wrote in his "On the Babylonian Captivity of the Church" (1520):
How then if they are forced to admit that we are all equally priests, as many of us as are baptized, and by this way we truly are; while to them is committed only the Ministry ("ministerium Predigtamt") and consented to by us ("nostro consensu")? If they recognize this they would know that they have no right to exercise power over us ("ius imperii", in what has not been committed to them) except insofar as we may have granted it to them, for thus it says in 1 Peter 2, "You are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a priestly kingdom." In this way we are all priests, as many of us as are Christians. There are indeed priests whom we call ministers. They are chosen from among us, and who do everything in our name. That is a priesthood which is nothing else than the Ministry. Thus 1 Corinthians 4:1: "No one should regard us as anything else than ministers of Christ and dispensers of the mysteries of God."
The Bible passage considered to be the basis of this belief is the First Epistle of Peter, 2:9:

The Juvenile Miscellany

The Juvenile Miscellany was a 19th-century American bimonthly children's magazine published in Boston, Massachusetts between 1826 and 1836. It was founded by Lydia Maria Child. Publishers varied over the years, but the original publisher was John Putnam. Sarah Josepha Hale edited the magazine as a monthly between September 1834 and April 1836.
The magazine was founded in 1826 by Lydia Maria Child. She supervised its bimonthly publication between September 1826 and August 1834. Child's interest in abolitionism and the publication in 1833 of her antislavery book, "An Appeal in Favor of that Class of Americans Called Africans", led to Child being socially shunned. Subscriptions to the magazine dropped off. Child left her editorial position. 

Child wrote in the magazine to child readers when leaving the magazine in 1834: "After conducting the "Miscellany" for eight years, I am now compelled to bid a reluctant and most affectionate farewell to my little readers. May God bless you, my young friends, and impress deeply upon your hearts the conviction that all true excellence and happiness consists in living for others, not for yourselves. ... I intend hereafter to write other books for your amusement and instruction; and I part from you with less pain, because I hope that God will enable me to be a medium of use to you, in some other form than the "Miscellany"." 

The magazine's content emphasized middle class Protestant values. It featured poems, stories, puzzles, and informative articles. The magazine was didactic. It provided amusement and imparted moral lessons while avoiding the piety so common in children's literature of the period. 

The magazine was ground-breaking. The "Oxford Encyclopedia of Children's Literature" writes, "The calm security of the lives of the children in the stories, the affection they receive, and their childishness were something new in American writing." 

The writers who contributed to its pages included Eliza Leslie, Catharine Maria Sedgwick, Lydia Huntley Sigourney, Hannah Flagg Gould, Sarah Josepha Hale, Caroline Howard Gilman, and Anna Maria Wells. Child herself contributed as "Aunt Maria".

The magazine was hugely popular. Within four months of its debut, the magazine had 850 subscribers. While stories stressed the Protestant ethic, they were never boring. Caroline Healy Dall wrote in the "Unitarian Review" in 1883:"No child who read the "Juvenile Miscellany" ... will ever forget the excitement that the appearance of each number caused. ... The children sat on the stone steps of their house doors all the way up and down Chestnut Street in Boston, waiting for the carrier. He used to cross the street, going from door to door in a zigzag fashion; and the fortunate possessor of the first copy found a crowd of little ones hanging over her shoulder from the steps above. ... How forlorn we were if the carrier was late!"

Papaoutai

"Papaoutai" is a song by Stromae, a singer from Belgium. It was released digitally in Belgium on May 13, 2013. It peaked at number 2 in Belgium and at number 15 in France.

The video was released on June 6 on Youtube, with a length of three minutes and fifty three seconds.

PBS Kids Bookworm Bunch

PBS Kids Bookworm Bunch is a three-hour block of children's cartoons on the television channel PBS. The block was usually shown on Saturday or Sunday mornings. The block is produced by Nelvana. It began showing on 30 September 2000. It was last aired on 4 September 2004.


Peugeot J7

The Peugeot J7 is a van designed and built in France between 1965 and 1980. Some were built as ambulances, light fire-trucks, police vans, minibuses, or recreational vehicles.

Paris-Saint-Lazare railway station

The Paris-Saint-Lazare railway station is a railway station in Paris. It is in the eighth arrondissement of Paris. It was built between 1842 and 1853. It serves Normandy, and the western suburbs and northwest of Paris.

It is served by metro lines 3, 9, 12, 13, and 14. 

Le Tréport

Le Tréport is a commune of Seine-Maritime near Dieppe. Situated on the coast of the Channel, it marks the border with Picardie. It's an important fishing harbor. Pebble beaches of Le Tréport are famous. It was the theatre of a famous battle of World War II, the Operation Jubilee.

Exchange rate

Exchange rate, also known as the foreign exchange rate, is how much one currency is worth compared to a different one. It is the rate at which one currency can be exchanged for another. Exchanges rates can change for many different reasons, for example the inflation rate of a country. For much of the 20th century the Bretton Woods system fixed exchange rates.

Vasantha Vallabharaya Temple

Vasantha Vallabharaya Temple is a temple dedicated to the deity Vasantha Vallabharaya (the Hindu god Vishnu). It is in Vasantapura in Bangalore. It dates back to the Chola period.

Labrador duck

The Labrador duck ("Camptorhynchus labradorius") is an extinct duck that lived in North America.

The Labrador duck lived along the sandy coasts and bays of New Jersey and New England. Audubon's son reported seeing a nest belonging to the species. Some believe that it may have laid its eggs on the islands in the Gulf of Saint Lawrence. It was a rare bird before European settlement, and the increase in humans probably finished it off.

The duck became extinct after settlers became common along the eastern coast of North America. The reasons are not clear. The duck was eaten, although its flesh tasted bad. its eggs were probably harvested. It depended considerably on shellfish, which humans may have eaten in large quantities.


Tahiti rail

The Tahiti rail ("Gallirallus pacificus"), also known as the Tahiti red-billed rail, or Pacific red-billed rail, is an extinct species of rail. It once lived on Tahiti. The second voyage of James Cook in 1773 got one. It was described by Johann Reinhold Forster and painted by his son, Georg. The Tahitian name was ebōnā or ōmnā.

Due to confusion about the name, the name "Rallus ecaudatus" was commonly used in the mid-late 20th century to refer to this bird. This is, however, in error, as the name is a subspecies of the buff-banded rail. Today it is known as "Gallirallus philippensis ecaudatus". Also, at least once, the Tahitian bird has been referred to by the scientific name of the Samoan wood rail, "Gallinula pacifica", in a major scientific work.

Not much is known about the bird's extinction. One idea is that the bird might have been prey to other species. The bird's habitat had active volcanos.


Frank Kelso

Frank Benton Kelso II (July 11, 1933 – June 23, 2013) was an admiral of the United States Navy. He served as Chief of Naval Operations (CNO) in the early 1990s. 

Kelso was born on July 11, 1933 in Fayetteville, Tennessee. He studied at University of the South. Kelso was married Landess McCown until his death in 2013. They had four children. Kelso died on June 23, 2013 in Fayetteville, Tennessee from a fall, aged 79.

Hypoactive sexual desire disorder

Hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD) is a sexual condition that is characterized by the lack of sexual fantasy and desire for sexual activity. For this to be judged as a disorder, the condition has to cause strong distress or interpersonal troubles, and should not be better accounted for by another mental disorder or drugs. The condition was first discovered around the late 1960s or early 1970s. The subtypes include women or men earlier having sexual interests for their partner, though that interest has since cooled down or faded away. In some cases, sexual partners, female or male, may have never had sexual desire to begin with. The condition may be triggered through other health problems.

Percival

Percival is the Grail knight or one of the Grail knights in numerous medieval and modern stories of the Grail quest. Percival first appears in Chrétien de Troyes's unfinished "Percivale or Conte del Graal" (c. 1190). The incomplete story prompted a series of "continuations," in the third of which (c. 1230), by an author named Manessier, Percival achieves the Grail. (A similar story to Chrétien's tale is found in the thirteenth-century Welsh romance Peredur.)

The main character in the book "Ready Player One" has a virtual avatar named after Percival, but with a different spelling (Parzival).

Roger Johansson

Roger Johansson (born April 17, 1967, in Ljungby, Sweden) is a retired Swedish ice hockey defenceman that played a total of 4 seasons in the NHL.

Johansson started his playing career with the Färjestads BK of the Swedish Hockey League. He played 3 seasons with them and signed with the Calgary Flames of the NHL. He played 2 seasons with the Flames and went back to the SEL to join the Leksands IF for 1 season. After the season ended, Johansson rejoined the Flames. After his season with the Flames was over, he rejoined Leksands IF again for 1 season. He played 38 games with them and then signed with the Chicago Blackhawks after the 1994–95 NHL lockout was over and played 11 games with them before once again returning to the SEL to play with Leksands IF. He played 6 seasons with Farjestads BK Karlstad and was forced to retire because of an injury.

He also played with the Sweden men's national ice hockey team at the 1994 Winter Olympics when they won the gold medal.


Oliver Optic's Magazine: Our Boys and Girls

Oliver Optic's Magazine: Our Boys and Girls (sometimes, Oliver Optic's Magazine) was a 19th-century American weekly children's magazine. It was edited by boys' book writer, William Taylor Adams. Adams used the pen name "Oliver Optic". At its demise in December 1875, it was being published monthly. It became the most popular children's monthly in the United States.

The magazine was published in Boston, Massachusetts by Lee & Shepard. Publication began in January 1867. It had a nine year run, folding in December 1875. A 16-page single copy cost 6 cents; a yearly subscription was $2.50. Issues were reprinted in 1872 as Our Boys and Girls Mirror. 

Contents included puzzles, rebuses, exercises in declamation with illustrations of appropriate gestures, dialogues, etc. Adams' serial story, "Our Starry Flag", brought forth at least 100 letters from the magazine's readers. Adams felt compelled to write another story featuring the same characters in order not to "disappoint his young friends". The magazine was hugely popular.

Outerbridge Crossing

The Outerbridge Crossing, also known as the Outerbridge, is a cantilever bridge that connects Perth Amboy, New Jersey and Staten Island, New York. It was designed by John Alexander Low Waddell and built by the Port of New York Authority (now the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey). It opened on June 29, 1928, the same day that the Goethals Bridge to Elizabeth, New Jersey opened. It was named after Eugenius Harvey Outerbridge, the first chairman of the Port of New York Authority. The bridge is of one of three bridges for cars that connect Staten Island with New Jersey. The other bridges are the Goethals Bridge and the Bayonne Bridge to Bayonne, New Jersey.

Goethals Bridge

The Goethals Bridge is a cantilever bridge that connects Elizabeth, New Jersey and Staten Island, New York. It was designed by John Alexander Low Waddell, who also designed the Outerbridge Crossing. It was built by the Port of New York Authority (now the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey). It opened on June 29, 1928, the same day that the Outerbridge Crossing opened. It was named after George Washington Goethals, who was the first consulting engineer of the Port Authority.

The bridge of one of three bridges that connect Staten Island with New Jersey. The other bridges are the Outerbridge Crossing and the Bayonne Bridge in Bayonne, New Jersey.

The bridge was replaced in 2018 with a pair of cable-stayed bridges. The old bridge was demolished soon after. The new bridge has pedestrian and bicycle access, which the old one didn't have.

Robert Merry's Museum

Robert Merry's Museum was a 19th-century American monthly children's magazine. It was founded in 1841 by Samuel Griswold Goodrich in Boston, Massachusetts. The original Boston publisher was Bradbury & Soden. The monthly began publication as a 12.5 cent, 32 page magazine in February 1841. The number of pages had grown to 48 by November 1872, at which time the magazine was absorbed by "The Youthful Companion".

The magazine was edited in the beginning by Goodrich. A number of editors followed him. Children's writer Louisa May Alcott edited between 1867 and 1869. She edited under her own name though other editors of the magazine used fictional names like "Aunt Sue", "Uncle Miles", "Hiram Hatchet", etc. Goodrich edited under "Robert Merry" and "Peter Parley". 

Gyula Horn

Gyula Horn (5 July 1932 – 19 June 2013) was a Hungarian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Hungary from 1994 to 1998. He is best known for his role in Hungary's transition to democracy and his efforts to improve relations with neighboring countries.

Horn was born on July 5, 1932, in Budapest, Hungary. He studied economics at the Budapest University of Economics. He later worked as a journalist for the Hungarian Communist Party's newspaper, "Népszabadság".

Horn became involved in politics in the 1960s. He quickly rose through the ranks of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party (MSZMP), which governed Hungary under communism. In 1989, he played an important role in negotiating the withdrawal of Soviet troops from Hungary and in facilitating Hungary's transition to democracy.

After the fall of communism, Horn was appointed as the Minister of Foreign Affairs under Prime Minister József Antall. In this role, he worked to improve relations with neighboring countries, including Romania, Slovakia, and Austria. He was also instrumental in Hungary's efforts to join NATO and the European Union.

In 1994, Horn succeeded Péter Boross as Prime Minister after his coalition won a landslide victory in the parliamentary elections. As Prime Minister, Horn continued his efforts to improve relations with neighboring countries and oversaw significant economic and social reforms.

Horn's government implemented a series of measures aimed at improving the country's fiscal position and promoting economic growth. These measures included the introduction of a flat tax system, the privatization of state-owned enterprises, and the creation of a modern social welfare system.

Horn's time as Prime Minister was not without controversy. His government faced criticism for its handling of social issues and for its alleged involvement in corruption scandals. Horn's government also came under fire for its response to the 1997 floods that devastated parts of Hungary.

Despite these challenges, Horn is widely regarded as an important figure in Hungary's transition to democracy and its emergence as a modern, market-oriented economy. His efforts to improve relations with neighboring countries helped to ease tensions in the region and paved the way for greater cooperation and integration.

Horn retired from politics in 2002 and returned to journalism. He died on June 26, 2013, at the age of 80. His legacy as a statesman and a champion of democracy and peace is widely recognized, both in Hungary and around the world.

Gyula Horn was a Hungarian politician. He was the country's Prime Minister from 1994 to 1998. He was born on July 5, 1932, in Budapest, Hungary. He grew up in a working-class family. Despite his family's financial struggles, he excelled academically and received a scholarship to attend university. Horn studied economics at Karl Marx University, where he became involved in politics and joined the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party. He graduated in 1954 and began his political career shortly thereafter.

Gyula Horn was a prominent member of the Hungarian Socialist Party. He had a long and successful political career. He was first elected to parliament in 1971. He served in various government positions over the years, including as Minister of Foreign Affairs. In 1994, he was elected as Hungary's Prime Minister and led the country through a period of economic reform and transition to a market economy. Horn was instrumental in negotiating the withdrawal of Soviet troops from Hungary and played a key role in the country's integration into NATO and the European Union. Despite facing criticism and opposition from some quarters, Horn remained a popular and respected figure in Hungarian politics until his retirement in 2004.

During the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, Gyula Horn played an active role as a member of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party. At the time, he was a young journalist and served as the editor-in-chief of the party's daily newspaper, "Szabad Nép". Horn was sympathetic to the goals of the revolutionaries. He advocated for reforms within the party to address the concerns of the protesters. However, when Soviet forces invaded Hungary and suppressed the revolution, Horn was forced to flee the country and went into hiding. Despite his role in the party, he was not considered a leading figure in the revolution and his actions during this period did not have a significant impact on his subsequent political career.

In the years leading up to his death, Gyula Horn struggled with various health issues, including heart disease and lung cancer. Despite his declining health, he remained active in public life and continued to participate in political events and speak out on important issues. In 2013, he was admitted to a hospital in Budapest and had surgery to treat his lung cancer. However, his condition worsened and he died on June 19, 2013, at the age of 80. Following his death, Horn was widely mourned in Hungary and remembered as a respected statesman and a key figure in the country's transition to democracy.

Emilio Colombo

Emilio Colombo (11 April 1920 – 24 June 2013) was an Italian politician who was Prime Minister of Italy from 1970 to 1972. In 2003 he was appointed to be an Italian senator-for-life, a seat which he held until his death. In the first five years as senator, he was an independent. During the 16th term of the Senate in 2008-2013, he opted to join the parliamentary group UDC-independence.

Colombo was born on 11 April 1920 in Potenza, Basilicata, Italy. In November 2003, he admitted to have used cocaine (for "therapeutic purposes") over a 12- to 18-month period, and to be a homosexual. Colombo died on 24 June 2013 from natural causes in Rome, Italy, aged 93.

The Little Pilgrim

The Little Pilgrim was a 19th-century American monthly children's magazine. It was published between October 1853 and December 1868 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by Leander K. Lippincott. It was edited by his wife, Sara Jane Lippincott, under the pen name, "Grace Greenwood". 

"The Little Pilgrim" was intended to replace the discontinued children's magazine, "Friend of Youth". F. O. C. Darley drew the picture of the boy pilgrim on the cover. In January 1857, the page size was reduced to about a third of its original height because "it was found that our paper was too long to fit on the book-shelves". The number of pages increased from 8 to 12 with the height reduction. "The Little Pilgrim" was absorbed by "The Little Corporal" in 1869.

I Am Legend (novel)

I Am Legend is a 1954 horror novel by American writer Richard Matheson. It helped the development of the zombie genre and in popularizing the idea of a worldwide apocalypse due to disease. 

The novel was a success. It was adapted to a movie as "The Last Man on Earth" in 1964, as "The Omega Man" in 1971, and as "I Am Legend" in 2007. It also came with a direct-to-video 2007 production capitalizing on that movie, "I Am Omega". The novel was also the inspiration behind the 1968 movie "Night of the Living Dead".

Tod Browning

Tod Browning (born Charles Albert Browning, Jr.; July 12, 1880 – October 6, 1962) was an American motion picture actor, director and screenwriter. Browning's career spanned the silent and talkie eras. Best known as the director of "Dracula" (1931), the cult classic "Freaks" (1932), and classic silent movies with Lon Chaney. Browning directed many movies in a wide range of genres.


William Hathaway

William Dodd Hathaway (February 21, 1924 – June 24, 2013) was an American Democratic Party politician from Maine.

Hathaway was born on February 21, 1924 in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He studied at Harvard University and at Harvard Law School.

A Maine Democratic Party, in 1964 he was elected to the U.S. House, and he served from 1965 until 1973. This was a time of resurgence for Democrats in Maine, at that time a traditionally Maine Republican Party state. This same period saw the growth of the political careers of Edmund S. Muskie and Kenneth M. Curtis.

In 1972 Hathaway was the successful Democratic nominee for the U.S. Senate seat held by Margaret Chase Smith. In 1973, Hathaway was one of the three senators who opposed the nomination of Gerald Ford to be Vice President. (The other two were Thomas Eagleton and Gaylord Nelson.) Hathaway served from 1973 to 1979. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1978, losing to William Cohen.

Hathaway resided in the Washington, D.C. area after leaving the Senate. In 1990 he was appointed by President George H. W. Bush to the Federal Maritime Commission, and he served as chairman from 1993 to 1996.

Hathaway died on June 24, 2013 in Washington, D.C. from natural causes, aged 89.

Edmund Muskie

Edmund Sixtus "Ed" Muskie (28 March 191426 March 1996) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Muskie was born in Rumford, Maine to a Polish family.

He was the Governor of Maine serving from 1955 to 1959, and a United States Senator from 1959 to 1980. He served as United States Secretary of State from 1980 to 1981 under the Carter administration. President Jimmy Carter gave Muskie the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1981.

Muskie died in Washington, D.C. from congestive heart failure. He was 81 years old.

Muskie was born in Rumford, Maine on 28 March 1914. His father, Stephen Marciszewski (mar-chih-SHEF-ski) immigrated to the United States in 1903 and changed his name to Muskie.

Muskie graduated from Bates College in 1936. He graduated from Cornell University Law School in 1939. He enlisted in the U.S. Navy during World War II. He served in the Atlantic and Asiatic-Pacific Theaters from 1942 to 1945.
Muskie was the Democratic nominee for Vice President in the 1968 presidential election. Muskie later ran for President in the 1972 presidential election. After announcing that Muskie had lost, Muskie chocked with anger and began to cry. Afterwards, Muskie refused the fact that he cried at simply said that "melted snow flakes" in eyes and not tears. Muskie later said the reason he cried was that because newspapers insulted his wife.

Muskie held the highest office (Secretary of State) by a Polish American in U.S. history. If Muskie won the Presidential election in 1972, Muskie would have been the first Polish-American President of the United States.

In 1987, President Ronald Reagan appointed Muskie to serve in the Tower Commission to investigate the Iran-Contra affair.

He was married to Jane Gray from 1940 until his death in 1996. He died of congestive heart failure. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.


Lewiston, Maine

Lewiston is a city in Androscoggin County in Maine, and is the second-largest city in the state. The population was 37,121 at the 2020 census up from 36,592 at the 2010 census. 

It is one of two principal cities of and included within the Lewiston-Auburn, Maine, Maine metropolitan New England city and town area and the Lewiston-Auburn Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, this has a combined population of 111,139. It is also part of the extended Portland-Lewiston-South Portland, Maine combined statistical area, which has a combined population of 551,740 as of 2020.

The city has the only basilica in Maine, Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul. It also has 5 colleges and universities, 44 listings on the National Register of Historic Places, the Androscoggin Bank Colisée, the Stephens Observatory, the Olin Arts Center, the Bates College Museum of Art, and two important hospitals: Central Maine Medical Center, and Saint Mary's Regional Medical Center.

While the most common language spoken in the city is English, it is home to a large Somali population. It also has the largest French-speaking population in the United States. But it is second to St. Martin Parish, Louisiana, in percentage of speakers.

The Farmers' Almanac is printed in Lewiston.


Lewiston Public Schools is in charge of public schools.



Bijou Theater

The Bijou Theater is a gay adult theater and sex club in Chicago, Illinois. It was established in 1970, and is the oldest such theater and club in the United States of America. It is located at 1349 N. Wells St. in Chicago's Old Town neighborhood. 

In January 1970, the Bijou opened on the first floor of a four story Victorian. The first movie shown was Richard Nixon's Checkers speech, named after Nixon's dog Checkers. The movie that followed was a gay porn movie.

In 1980, the Bijou expanded to the second floor, where a sexual playground was established. On this floor are booths, glory holes, a dungeon with slings, and a Saint Andrew's cross. The same year, the back yard was overhauled for summer frolicking. The Bijou was opened 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. In 1984, the Bijou expanded to the third floor.

BC Place

BC Place is a sports stadium in Vancouver, British Columbia. The arena opened on June 19, 1983, and is the current home to the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League and the Vancouver Whitecaps FC of Major League Soccer.

It will host matches during the 2026 FIFA World Cup. 

The stadium was originally built for the Expo 86 which was held in Vancouver. Until May 4, 2010, the stadium was the world's largest air-supported domed stadium. It was deflated and replaced with a retractable roof. The Vancouver Whitecaps of the North American Soccer League played in the arena from 1983 to 1984. There have been 8 Grey Cup championship games held in BC Place in 1983, 1986, 1987, 1990, 1994, 1999, 2005, and 2011. The Vancouver Nighthawks of the World Basketball League played in the stadium for their 1988 season. 

The stadium hosted the opening and closing ceremonies of the XXI Olympic Winter Games and the opening ceremonies of the X Paralympic Winter Games. The stadium also hosted the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup final game.

On September 2, 2023, an Ed Sheeran concert broke the attendance record with 65,061 people. The last record was held by U2 in 2009.


Anxiety disorder

The term anxiety disorder is a term for a number of psychiatric disorders. These disorders can be classified into two very broad groups:


Anxiety conditions include phobia, social anxiety disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Other anxiety disorders include agoraphobia and panic disorder. Stress from life events, including past abuse, being intimidated or health worries, can trigger anxiety problems for many people. Symptoms include headache, spasms in the muscle, trembling, fatigue and exhaustion. There are various manners for treating anxiety disorders. These include medication and therapy. There is some recent research.

When people talk about feeling, they use the words anxiety and fear without making much of a difference. When professionals talk about them, there is a difference, though: Fear always has a cause, people are afraid of something or of something happening. So fear is the emotional response to an external threat. Anxiety is more general, the cause is either not known, or not controllable easily. 

Both fear and anxiety are normal reactions, to protect against a threat. Someone feeling fear or anxiety now and then does not have an anxiety disorder. Only when they occur so often that they impact people's lives do they become a disorder.

Rumination

Rumination is the constant urge for a person to focus their attention on their troubles, misery or worries and possible causes or consequences. Rumination is having thoughts about earlier events, failures, abuse or hardships. The tendency to ruminate often serves as a big factor for clinical depression. People who ruminate a lot are more likely to become depressed and to carry major mental troubles, such as generalized anxiety disorder and suicidal behavior. One type of rumination, the state rumination, is connected with pessimism and serious neurosis.

The Response Styles Theory (RST) was developed by in the early 1990s in the hope of explaining the strong relationship between depression and rumination. The theory describes rumination as a way of dealing with hard situations where you keep thinking about how and why you are depressed, and difficult situations in this way are more likely to get depressed in the future. Even though this theory is most focused on how rumination influences depression, research on rumination also explains how it relates to other mental troubles too, like anxiety, binge drinking and eating disorders. Wendy Traynor and her co-workers tried to improve RST to explain the link between rumination and depression better, because some people said that there might be other things that explain the relationship. They created the two-factor model. This says that rumination can be divided into two parts: brooding and reflection. Brooding is when you keep thinking of how your situation right now is not where you want to be, and what stops you from getting there. This style of rumination is related both to being depressed and getting depressed in the future. The second style is reflection, and is thought to be a better way to deal with difficult situations and feelings as it is related to less depression in the future. Reflection is when a person often tries to solve problems by thinking about how they can deal with their difficult situation or depression.

People have criticised RST for being too simple. They say that we should pay more attention to how the things that make up rumination, like feeling lonely, being mean to yourself and feeling sad, influence each other. New research suggests that it might be wrong to simply describe rumination using two words (reflection and brooding), and that how we measure rumination should mirror how the parts that make up rumination are influencing each other.

Goal Progress Theory (GPT) says that rumination is a way of achieving goals. This way of seeing rumination is very different from RST, which says that rumination “does not lead to active problem solving”. More specifically, GPT defines rumination as a result of the , which says that unfinished tasks come to mind more easily than finished tasks. So, when people who ruminate think the same thoughts over and over GPT explains this as a way of finding another path to reach a goal, and says that they will stop ruminating when they reach this goal. This concept has been tested in experiments. In one, people were told not to think of a white bear and were given feedback that either they did or did not succeed in this. Those who thought that they had not succeeded had thoughts related to white bears come to mind more easily than those who were told that they had been successful, showing the possible effect of unfinished goals on rumination.

It is generally thought that those who ruminate, especially those who brood, have a higher likelihood of getting depressed and falling into a deeper depression than those who do not. This association seems to hold even when you account for people being depressed at the start of the study, and to be valid across ages and populations. Ruminating is also suggested to make people more vulnerable to other risk factors for depression such as gender, less memory of one’s own life, , and perfectionism. The effects of the other kind of rumination, reflection, are more varied. Even though it is generally agreed that the this style of rumination is related to less depression overall, and especially a smaller likelihood of developing depression in the future, new research points to the connection between the reflection and self-critical ruminative thinking (often thinking the same mean thoughts about yourself).

At first, RST said that rumination predicted for how long one was depressed, but evidence has shown that this might not be true, and instead rumination predicts how many and how deep depressive episodes a person might have. It was also first suggested that people who ruminate can distract themselves to improve their mood, but this has been questioned and evidence against it has been shown since.

Rumination is in many ways similar and related to worry, which is central to anxiety disorders. This relationship is thought to explain the part of the link between anxiety and rumination. Still, rumination on its own, especially the brooding kind, has been shown to predict both having anxiety and getting it in the future. Brooding has also been shown to make the link between neuroticism and anxiety stronger.

Rumination is also thought to increase the risk of getting other mental troubles like bipolar disorder, eating disorders, binge drinking and self-injury.

Studies on what groups of people ruminate and how much show that women generally ruminate more than men. This difference is the biggest in teenage years, but on the whole it is small. Studies on this suggest that the higher likelihood for women to ruminate might explain the generally bigger portion of women suffering from depression compared to men. This finding is limited by similar things such as worry and neuroticism playing into the association, though. The two-factor model suggests that it is the higher rates of brooding among women specifically that is driving the gender differences we see in depressive symptoms.

Steve Dubinsky

Steven Dubinsky (born July 9, 1970 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre. He played a total of 12 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Calgary Flames, Nashville Predators, and St. Louis Blues

Before he played in the NHL, Dubinsky played 4 seasons at Clarkson University.

He was drafted 226th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. From 1993 to 1998, Dubinsky would play for both the Indianapolis Ice of the International Hockey League and the Chicago Blackhawks. He was traded to the Calgary Flames and played 2 seasons with them. He rejoined the Blackhawks in the 2000-01 NHL season and played 2 seasons with them before being traded by the Blackhawks to the Nashville Predators. He played 1 season with the Predators and signed with the St. Louis Blues. He only played half of the season with the Blues because of a head injury. He would retire from playing professional hockey the next season.

Dubinsky is Jewish. He has 3 sons and his middle son plays for the Junior Blackhawks.


Chicken fingers

Chicken fingers (also known as chicken tenders, chicken tendies or chicken strips) are chicken meat dipped in breading and then deep-fried, grilled or baked. In the Northeastern United States or the Midwest, chicken strips are often made by way of egg batter and have smooth texture. Elsewhere, however, chicken strips may lack egg batter and the texture can be rather coarse. Chicken strips are provided to customers in certain restaurants, including the KFC, McDonald's and Wendy's fast food networks.

Maclyn McCarty

Maclyn McCarty (June 9, 1911 – January 2, 2005) was an American geneticist. He was best known for proving that DNA, not protein, was the chemical basis of the gene.

McCarty devoted his life to studying infectious disease organisms. Studies of bacteria led the way to studying heredity through genetics and biochemistry. This started the age of molecular biology.

McCarty was the youngest and longest surviving member of the research team responsible for the Avery-MacLeod-McCarty experiment. He won the Wolf Prize in Medicine for 1990. MacCarty died on January 2, 2005, from congestive heart failure.

The phenomenon was first described in Griffith's experiment of 1928, which suggested DNA was the material of heredity. In this early experiment dead "Streptococcus pneumoniae" of the virulent strain type III-S, was injected along with living but non-virulent type II-R pneumococci. This resulted in a deadly infection of type III-S pneumococci. This meant the non-virulent strain had been transformed (changed) by something in the dead bacteria.

Work to prove DNA was responsible took many years, starting in 1928. Griffith's work was suggestive, but not sufficient. In their paper of 1944, Avery and his colleagues decided that DNA, rather than protein was the hereditary material of bacteria, and was analogous to genes and/or viruses in higher organisms.

This was epoch-making work, but the three men did not get the Nobel Prize. McCarty later explained the work for the general reader.

Propene

Propene is an organic compound. The substance is also known as propylene and has the formula CH. It is the second-simplest alkene. Since it is only made of hydrogen and carbon atoms, it is a hydrocarbon. At room temperature and normal pressure it is a gas.

Propene is produced from fossil fuels, and from coal. Propene is the second most important product used in the petrochemical industry, after ethene. About two thirds are used to produce polypropylene. Propene and benzene are converted to acetone and phenol via the cumene process. Propene is also used to produce isopropanol (propan-2-ol), acrylonitrile, propylene oxide (epoxypropane) and epichlorohydrin.

Celine (brand)

Céline is a French luxury fashion house. It was founded in 1945 by Céline Vipiana. Today, it is an international brand owned by LVMH. It was sold to LVMH in July 1988 for 2.7 billion francs (US$540 million).

Céline started as a children's shoe business. It later began selling women's shoes and accessories. It began selling ready-to-wear shoes in the 1960s. Celine Vipiana remained the designer until 1997. American fashion designer Michael Kors then took over as creative director for the brand. Kors turned the fashion house into a highly successful brand. The current creative director of Céline is Hedi Slimane, who replaced Phoebe Philo at the beginning of 2018.


Céline

Céline is a French female given name that comes from Greek. It may refer to:


Price controls

In economics, price control is the idea that the government fixes the prices that can be charged for a given product or service, in a given market. The government either fixes an absolute price that is charged, or a price range, with a minimum and a maxium. Usually this is done so that goods such as staple food remain affordable. It can also be done to avoid people charging way too much for a good or service, which is known as price gouging. Another field where it is done is to ensure a minimum wage or salary that employers must pay.

The problem with the approach is that according to the Law of Supply and Demand, the price of a good or service depends on its supply compared with the demand for it. If the price is fixed below the price the market would normally ask, the demand will increase - the product is "cheaper" than it should be. In general, the supply is fixed- at some point it is not possible to increase the production, and the supply. In the long term, it will therefore not be possible to meet the demand, and there will be a shortage.

In the 4th century BC, Lactantius wrote that Diocletian "by various taxes he had made all things exceedingly expensive, attempted by a law to limit their prices. Then much blood [of merchants] was shed for trifles, men were afraid to offer anything for sale, and the scarcity became more excessive and grievous than ever. Until, in the end, the [price limit] law, after having proved destructive to many people, was from mere necessity abolished." As with Diocletian's Edict on Maximum Prices, shortages lead to black markets where prices for the same good exceed those of an uncontrolled market. Furthermore, once controls are removed, prices will immediately increase, which can temporarily shock the economic system.

The Arab oil embargo between October 19, 1973 and March 17, 1974 is another example on how price controls cause shortages: Long lines of cars and trucks quickly appeared at retail gas stations in the U.S. and some stations closed because of a shortage of fuel at the low price set by the U.S. Cost of Living Council. The fixed price was below what the market would otherwise pay and, as a result, the inventory disappeared. It made no difference whether prices were voluntarily or involuntarily posted below the market clearing price. Scarcity resulted in either case. Price controls fail to achieve their proximate aim, which is to reduce prices paid by retail consumers, but such controls do manage to reduce supply. When price controls on gasoline were lifted, the shortage ended and the long lines of cars at gas pumps disappeared.

Nobel prize winner Milton Friedman said "We economists don't know much, but we do know how to create a shortage. If you want to create a shortage of tomatoes, for example, just pass a law that retailers can't sell tomatoes for more than two cents per pound. Instantly you'll have a tomato shortage. It's the same with oil or gas."

Schizoid personality disorder

Schizoid personality disorder is a Cluster A personality disorder which is not being interested in social relationships, often being alone. They are also secretive and don't show many emotions. It is often shortened to SzPD or SPD. 

This condition is not schizophrenia. People with SzPD will typically share some of the symptoms of schizophrenia. However, schizoids do not have the positive symptoms of schizophrenia such as hallucinations. A negative symptom is one that is taken away from a person. A positive symptom is one that is added to a person. 

People who have SzPD do not want interpersonal relationships which require emotion and commitment. People with SzPD are introverts who feel the need to be independent or alone. Many schizoids are asexual or have little interest in sexual encounters. Any relationships they may have probably does not involve emotional attachment. SzPD is more common in men than women. Some of the negative symptoms of the disorder (such as low energy) may be treated with some antipsychotic drugs.

Theodore Millon said that there are four types of schizoid: languid, remote, depersonalized, and affectless.

Salman Ahktar said that there were two types of schizoid: overt, and covert. Overt means visible, covert means secret or invisible. Covert or secret schizoids are active in social conversation and the outside world. However they do not tend to get emotionally attached to people. Acting differently in public is known as masking. 

The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders is a manual for diagnosing mental disorders. DSM-5 still includes schizoid personality disorder with the same requirements as in DSM-4. To be diagnosed with SzPD, one must have these behaviors consistently and be troubled by them. They also need to have at least four of these symptoms.


Another way a person with SzPD can be diagnosed is through the ICD-10 which is the International Classification of Diseases. The person must have the behaviors consistently. They must be troubled by them. They also need to have at least four of these symptoms.


Sometimes SzPD can be confused with other disorders such as Depression or Avoidant Personality Disorder. Sometimes people can have SzPD and other similar disorders. This is called being comorbid.

To manage their disorder, people with SzPD can take medication. One is called Buproprion. They can also go to psychotherapy. This means they talk to a therapist. The therapist helps them try to connect more with other people.


Apathy

Apathy (also called impassivity) is a state of indifference or suppression of concern, not being excited or having no passion to perform things. Apathy is often expressed by people with schizoid personality disorder, depression and schizophrenia.

Rosemary Kennedy

Rose Marie "Rosemary" Kennedy (September 13, 1918 – January 7, 2005) was a member of the Kennedy family. She was the first sister of President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and longtime Senator Ted Kennedy. She was said to have substandard intelligence, with a mental age of between age 8 and 13.

She had seizures and sudden changes in mood. At this time, doctors thought that a surgery called a lobotomy would fix these problems. In a lobotomy, one part of the brain is cut away from the rest. She got a lobotomy in 1941, when she was 23 years old, but it failed. She was left with the intelligence of a two-year-old child. After this, she could not speak correctly or walk. She lived the rest of her life in a care facility for people with disabilities. 

Rosemary was born at her parents' home in Brookline, Massachusetts. She was the third child and first daughter of Joseph Patrick Kennedy, Sr. and Rose Elizabeth Fitzgerald. Although named after her mother, she was commonly called "Rosemary" or "Rosie".

Rose Kennedy sent Rosemary to the Sacred Heart Convent in Elmhurst, Providence, Rhode Island, at age 15, where she was educated separately from the other students. Two nuns and a special teacher, Miss Newton, worked with her all day in a separate classroom. The Kennedys gave the school a new tennis court for their efforts. Her reading, writing, spelling, and counting skills were reported to be at a fourth-grade level. She studied hard but felt she disappointed her parents, whom she wanted to please. During this period, her mother arranged for her older brother Jack to accompany her to a tea-dance. Thanks to him, she appeared "not different at all" during the tea-dance.

When Rosemary Kennedy was in her early 20s, she had mental health problems. She was sometimes violent and would hit people. Her father worried that she would get pregnant. He also worried that her behavior would cause controversy for other members of the family. She also had seizures.

Doctors thought that a lobotomy would make her more calm, and fix these problems. Her father decided she should get a lobotomy, without telling his wife. They did the surgery in November 1941. It failed, so Rosemary could not walk or talk correctly any more.

James Watts was one of the doctors who did the surgery. He said that before the surgery, Rosemary probably had depression.

Afterwards, Rosemary could not live alone. She lived at Craig House, a hospital for people with mental health problems. In 1949, they moved her to another facility, called Saint Coletta. This facility cared for people with mental disabilities. Her father never saw her again. Until 1961, the family kept her health problem a secret. They did not talk about it in public.

Rosemary Kennedy died from natural causes on January 7, 2005, at the Fort Atkinson Memorial Hospital in Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin, at the age of 86, with her sisters Jean, Eunice, and Patricia, and brother Ted, by her side. She was buried beside her parents in Holyhood Cemetery in Brookline, Massachusetts.



Patricia Kennedy Lawford

Patricia Helen "Pat" Kennedy Lawford (May 6, 1924 – September 17, 2006) was an American socialite and the sixth of nine children of Rose and Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr.. She was a sister of President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and longtime Senator Ted Kennedy. She was married to actor Peter Lawford from 1954 to 1966.

She was born in Brookline, Massachusetts. She was the sixth of nine children born to Rose (nee Fitzgerald) and Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr..

She met English actor Peter Lawford through her sister Eunice in the 1940s. They met again in 1949, and again in 1953. They courted briefly and officially announced their engagement in February 1954. They married on April 24, 1954, at the Roman Catholic Church of St. Thomas More in New York City, twelve days before her thirtieth birthday. They settled in Santa Monica, California, and often socialized with actress Judy Garland and her family. Garland gave birth to her son Joseph at the same hospital and on the same day Kennedy gave birth to her son Christopher. 

The couple had four children, all born in Santa Monica, California:

After her divorce, Kennedy battled alcoholism and suffered from tongue cancer. She worked with the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum, as well as with the National Center on Addiction, and was a founder of the National Committee for the Literary Arts, for which she arranged a series of author lectures and scholarships.

Lawford died at her Manhattan home from pneumonia at the age of 82. She was survived by her four children and ten grandchildren, as well as, at the time, her sisters Eunice and Jean, and her brother Ted.



The Student and Schoolmate

The Student and Schoolmate was a 19th-century monthly American children's magazine. It was the product of a merger between the children's magazines, "The Student" and "The Schoolmate". It began publication in New York City by Calkins & Stiles in 1855, and in Boston the same year by James Robinson.

The magazine went through various name changes: "The Student and Schoolmate" (November 1855-1865); "The Student and Schoolmate, and Forrester’s Boy's and Girl's Magazine" (1865-1866); and "The Student and Schoolmate" (1866-1871); and "The Schoolmate" (1872). 

Boys' book writer William Taylor Adams ("Oliver Optic") edited the magazine between 1858 and 1862. He first published some of his boys' books as serials in its pages. Many of Horatio Alger, Jr.'s boys' books were first published as serials in the magazine, including his all-time bestseller, "Ragged Dick".

Air America

Air America (also called Air America Radio or Air America Media) was an American radio network which represented in liberal and progressive talk radio. 

Air America began in March 2004. It dissolved in January 2010. The network had discussion and information programs from the liberal perspectives. Several shows had audiences over one million. Liberal and progressive personalities included Rachel Maddow and Robert Fitzgerald Kennedy, Jr. The network was financially troubled, however, and the radio network declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy once. The radio group resumed. However, financial problems caused the radio group to stop programming in early 2010.

American Mafia

The American Mafia (or simply Mob or Mafia in the United States) are an Italian American criminal society who do not carry a formal name. Its members refer to it as Cosa Nostra. They are especially active in New York City, Philadelphia, New England, Detroit and Chicago. Smaller families and crews operate in places like Texas and Los Angeles. Most of the activities performed by the American Mafia, however, are over New England, Northeastern United States and Chicago.

A mafia is a type of organized crime syndicate whose primary activities are protection racketeering, arbitrating disputes between criminals, and brokering and enforcing illegal agreements and transactions. The term "mafia" derives from the Sicilian Mafia.

The Mafia continues to make millions and millions of dollars from not only traditional mob rackets but new and innovative schemes. There have been numerous reports of the Mob's demise over the last decade or so, but families in and outside of New York remain. 

Bank of England

The Bank of England is the central bank of the United Kingdom. It is the model on which most modern central banks have been based. It was set up to act as the government's banker, and is still the banker for the British Government. The Bank was privately owned from 1694. The Government took it over in 1946.

It is the second oldest central bank in the world (after the Swedish Riksbank), and the world's 8th oldest bank. 

In 1998 it became an independent public organisation. Though wholly owned by the government, it has independence in setting monetary policy.

The Bank is one of eight banks authorised to issue banknotes in the United Kingdom. It has a monopoly on the issue of banknotes in England and Wales, and regulates the issue of banknotes by commercial banks in Scotland and Northern Ireland.

The Bank's Monetary Policy Committee manages money supply and interest rates. The Treasury has reserve powers to give orders to the committee "if they are required in the public interest and by extreme economic circumstances" but such orders must be endorsed by Parliament within 28 days. 

The Bank's headquarters have been in London's main financial district, the City of London, on Threadneedle Street, since 1734. It is sometimes known as "The Old Lady of Threadneedle Street" or "The Old Lady". 

Mark Carney assumed the post of Governor of the Bank of England on 1 July 2013. He succeeded Sir Mervyn King, who took over on 30 June 2003. Carney will serve an initial five-year term, and will seek UK citizenship. He is the first non-Briton to hold the post.

Northeastern United States

The Northeastern United States, or simply the North or the Northeast, is a U.S. region defined by the United States Census Bureau. It consists of the Mid-Atlantic (New York, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey) and New England (Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Maine). The border states of Delaware and Maryland and other states are sometimes included in other definitions of the Northeast, but the Census Bureau considers both states to be part of the Southern United States. Cities in the Northeast include Boston, Philadelphia, and New York City.

The following table provides information about the population, size (land area) and population density of states in the Northeast region as defined by the U.S. Census bureau. Population density is defined as the population divided by the area of land in the state or region. The rank column in the table shows how the states rank among the entire 50 states in population density. Note that New Jersey has the highest population density of any state and that the 4 highest density states are all in the Northeast. The rank for the Census divisions (in pink) is the rank in population density among the 9 total divisions in the country. Note that the two divisions in the Northeast (New England and Middle Atlantic) are ranked #1 and #2 in the 2013 population estimate. The South Atlantic region was close behind New England and is projected to surpass New England in the next population estimate because it is growing faster. Finally, note that the entire Northeast region is ranked #1 among the 4 Census Bureau regions. With 345.5 people per square mile, the population density of the Northeast is about 2.5 times the density or the #2 ranked region which is the South.

The Open Road

The Open Road was a 20th-century American monthly magazine for teen boys. It focused on outdoor life, sports, and other subjects of interest to teen males. It was published from November 1919 to 1954. 

The magazine went through several title changes: "The Open Road" (November 1919); "The Open Road for Boys" (October 1925); "Open Road: The Young People's Magazine" (April 1950); and "American Boy and Open Road" (July 1953). 

Little auk

The little auk, or dovekie ("Alle alle"), is a small auk, the only member of the genus, "Alle". It breeds on islands in the high Arctic. There are two subspecies: "A. a. alle" breeds in Greenland, Iceland, Novaya Zemlya and Spitsbergen, and "A. a. polaris" on Franz Josef Land.

Seychelles parakeet

The Seychelles parakeet "(Psittacula wardi)" is an extinct bird. It used to live on the Seychelles islands in the Indian Ocean.

Palfrey

A palfrey is a type of horse that was valued as a riding horse in the Middle Ages. It is not a breed.

The term 'palfrey' usually meant a more expensive and well bred type of riding horse popular during the Middle Ages, sometimes equalling the Knight's Destrier in price. It was popular with nobles, ladies and knights for riding, hunting and ceremonial use during the medieval period. A palfrey had a smooth, ambling gait. 
It was an ideal horse for traveling long distances comfortably.

Cadillac CTS

The Cadillac CTS was a mid-size luxury vehicle that was manufactured by Cadillac. The car was available as a saloon or coupé. The vehicle was introduced in January 2002 as a 2003 model. It entered its second generation in July 2007 as a 2008 model, with the coupé and wagon versions being added later on. The third generation arrived in September 2013 as a 2014 model and was discontinued in 2019.

Destrier

The destrier is the best-known type of Warhorse of the medieval era. It carried knights in battles, tournaments, and jousts. It was described by contemporary sources as the "Great Horse", due to its significance.

The word "destrier" comes from the Vulgar Latin "dextarius", meaning "right-sided" (the same root as our modern "dexterous" and "dexterity"). This may refer to it being led by the squire at the knight's right side (or led by the right hand) or to the horse's gait, (possibly leading with the right).

While highly prized by knights and men-at-arms, the destrier was not very common. Most knights and mounted men-at-arms rode other war horses, such as coursers and rounceys. These three types of horse were often called chargers.

The word "destrier" does not refer to a breed, but to a "type" of horse: the finest and strongest warhorse. These horses were usually stallions, bred and raised from colts specifically for the needs of war. The destrier was also considered the most suited to the joust; coursers seem to have been preferred for other forms of warfare. They had powerful hindquarters, able to easily coil and spring to stop, spin, turn or sprint forward. They also had a short back and well-muscled loin, strong bone, and a well-arched neck. From medieval art, the head of the destrier appears to have had a straight or slightly convex profile, strong, wide jaw, and good width between the eyes.

The destrier was specifically for use in battle or tournament; for everyday riding, a knight would use a palfrey, and his baggage would be carried on a sumpter horse (or packhorse), or possibly in wagons.

Ford Taurus X

The Ford Taurus X (previously called Ford Freestyle in 2005) was a six or seven passenger crossover that was produced in the United States by the Ford Motor Company. The Taurus X name was phased out in the 2010 model year, and succeeded by the Ford Flex, which overlapped production in the same platform, until it was discontinued.

Yukio Hatoyama

Yukio Hatoyama (born 11 February 1947) is a Japanese politician. He was born in Bunkyō, Tokyo. He was Prime Minister of Japan starting in 2009 and resigned in 2010. He was a member of the Democratic Party of Japan until 2012. His brother, Kunio, is also a politician. He is married to Miyuki Hatoyama.He also mentioned money scandals involving a top party leader, Ichirō Ozawa, who resigned as well, in his decision to step down. Hatoyama had been pressed to leave by members of his party after doing poorly in polls in anticipation of an upper house election in July 2010. He was the first Prime Minister from the modern Democratic Party of Japan. In 2013 Japan's defense minister called Hatoyama a 'traitor' for his acknowledgement of the land dispute between China and Japan. He was the grandson of former Prime Minister Ichirō Hatoyama.

Democratic Party of Japan

The was a centre to centre-left political party in Japan. It was founded in April 1998. It used to be the second largest political party in Japan after Jiminto. It was led by Katsuya Okada. The party dissolved in March 2016.


Banri Kaieda

Banri Kaieda is a Japanese politician who has served as the Vice Speaker of the House of Representatives of Japan since 2021. He was born in 1949 in Tokyo and went to Keio University. He was the leader of the Democratic Party of Japan from 2012 to 2014.


Henry de Bohun

Sir Henry de Bohun (died 23 June 1314) was an English knight, the nephew of Humphrey de Bohun, Earl of Hereford. He was killed on the first day of the Battle of Bannockburn by King Robert the Bruce.
Riding in the vanguard of heavy cavalry, de Bohun caught sight of the Scottish king who was mounted on a small palfrey "(ane gay palfray Li till and joly)" armed only with a battle-axe. De Bohun lowered his lance and charged, but Bruce stood his ground. At the last moment Bruce manoeuvred his mount nimbly to one side, stood up in his stirrups and hit de Bohun so hard with his axe that he split his helmet and head in two. Despite the great risk the King had taken, he merely expressed regret that he had broken the shaft of his favorite axe.

Antoni Gaudí

Antoni Gaudí i Cornet (25 June 1852 – 10 June 1926) was a Spanish architect. He was born in Reus, in Catalonia, and became a leader of Catalan modernism. Gaudí's works are in his own style. Most are in the Catalan capital of Barcelona, especially his greatest work, the Sagrada Família.

He got some ideas from neo-Gothic art, Art Deco and Oriental techniques, and became part of the modernist movement in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

Between 1984 and 2005, seven of his works were declared World Heritage Sites by UNESCO. The seven works were: the Park Güell, the Palau Güell and the Casa Milà; the Nativity facade, the crypt and the apse of the Sagrada Família, the Casa Vicens and the Casa Batlló in Barcelona, and the crypt of the Colònia Güell in Santa Coloma de Cervelló.

Gaudí's Roman Catholic faith grew during his life, and religious images are found in his work. This earned him the nickname "God's Architect", and eventually led to his beatification in 2011.

His work had a style inspired by nature. Gaudí rarely drew detailed plans of his works, instead preferring to create them as three-dimensional scale models and molding the details as he was conceiving them.

Gaudí died on 10 June 1926 in Barcelona, Spain, after being hit by a tram, aged 73.


Ramona and Beezus

Ramona and Beezus is a 2010 Fox-Walden comedy movie adaptation of the Ramona series of novels by Beverly Cleary. It stars Selena Gomez, Joey King, Josh Duhamel, and Sandra Oh. It was released on July 23, 2010.

This is a kids movie and rated G by the movie MPAA board. Ramona and Beezus are two sisters living together. They get into a lot of trouble while having fun with their teacher, their parents, and other children in the neighborhood.


Battle-axe

A battle-axe (also battle axe or battle-ax) is an axe designed for combat. Battle axes were versions of utility axes. Many were suitable for use in one hand, while others were larger and were used two-handed. 

Axes designed for warfare ranged in weight from just over 0.5 kg to 3 kg (1 to 6 pounds), and in length from just over 30 cm to upwards of 1.5 m (1 to 5 feet), as in the case of the Danish axe or the sparth axe. Cleaving weapons longer than 1.5 m would arguably fall into the category of polearms.
Through the course of human history, commonplace objects have been used as weapons. Axes, because they are common, are no exception. Besides axes designed for combat, there were many axes that were also used as tools. Axes could be modified into throwing weapons as well (see the francisca for an example). 

Axes were always cheaper than swords and were always available.

Let's Play

A Let's Play, often called an LP, is a recorded video of a video game that includes commentary from the person playing the game. Let's Play videos can be seen on video sharing websites such as YouTube. Many people do Let's Play videos as a series of videos showing a play-through of a video game. 




The Children's Magazine

The Children's Magazine was the first magazine for children published in the United States. Its run was brief, however; it only appeared between January and April 1789. Contents included pieces on school subjects (like geography), verses, and articles on social values. 
Lack of contributions from competent writers forced the editor to republish material from "The Juvenile Magazine", a monthly London magazine of 1788. "The Children's Magazine" folded after four issues, probably in part because the United States postal system in 1789 was not up to handling the distribution of magazines.

"The Children's Magazine" was published in Hartford, Connecticut and printed by Hudson & Goodwin. A notice in Hartford's "Connecticut Courant" on February 2, 1789 alerted readers to its publication and intent:Calculated for the Use of Families and Schools ... Each Number of this work will contain 48 Pages, duodecimo, printed on good paper and letter, and will be sold at Four Shillings and Six-Pence a dozen, or Six Pence a single number. This work is designed to furnish Children, from seven to twelve years of age, with a variety of lessons on various subjects, written in a plain, familiar style, and proper to lead them from the easy language of Spelling-Books up to the more difficult style of the best writers. Teachers of Schools have long complained of the want of such a work, and the Publishers are happy that they are now enabled to furnish it at a small expence. 

Philadelphia International Airport

The Philadelphia International Airport (code: PHL) is an important airport in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is the biggest airport in the state and in the Delaware Valley. Starting around 1924 or 1925, the Pennsylvania National Guard began using what is now known as PHL (also called Hog Island) for a practice airfield. The site was later named the Philadelphia Municipal Airport, though it had no proper terminal building until around 1940. The name changed to Philadelphia International near the end of World War II. The airport has grown a lot over the decades.

Miguel Ángel Deniz Mendez

Miguel Ángel Deniz Mendez (born November 17, 1982 in Las Palmas, Canary Islands) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is an B1/S11 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 4 x 100 meter medley Relay 49 Points race and third in the 100 meter backstroke event. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. 

Robert E. Gilka

Robert E. Gilka (July 12, 1916 – June 25, 2013) was an American photojournalist best known for being an editor and director of photography at National Geographic for 27 years.

Gilka was born on July 12, 1916 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was married to Janet Gilka from 1941 until her death in 2004. They had four children. Gilka died on June 25, 2013 from pneumonia in Arlington, Virginia, aged 96.

Enhamed Enhamed Mohamed Yahdih

Enhamed Enhamed Mohamed Yahdih (born September 11, 1987 in Las Palmas, Canary Islands) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is an B1/S11 type swimmer. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 400 meter Freestyle and 100 meter Butterfly races. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished number one in the 50 meter Freestyle, 100 meter Freestyle and 400 meter Freestyle races. He was the number one swimmer in the 100 meter Butterfly race. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He was the number two person to finish in the 400 meter Freestyle race. He was the number three person to finish in the 50 meter Freestyle and the 100 meter Butterfly races.

In 2010, he raced at the Tenerife International Open. Before the 2010 Adapted Swimming World Championship in the Netherlands, he went to a swimming camp with the national team that was part of the Paralympic High Performance Program (HARP Program).

He raced at the 2011 IPC European Swimming Championships in Berlin, Germany.


Quad City International Airport

The Quad City International Airport (code: MLI) is public airport in Moline, Illinois; it provides service in the Quad Cities of southeastern Iowa and western Illinois. It is the third busiest in Illinois. The international designation is for being an official port of entry and having a customs service, though there are no commercial flights scheduled to leave the United States. The airport was established in 1947.

William F. Nolan

William Francis Nolan (March 6, 1928 – July 15, 2021) was an American author. He wrote hundreds of stories in the science fiction, fantasy and horror genres. Nolan was known for writing the science fiction novel "Logan's Run".

Nolan was born on March 6, 1928 in Kansas City, Missouri. He studied at Kansas City Art Institute before dropping-out. 

Nolan died on July 15, 2021 in Vancouver, Washington from sepsis-related problems at the age of 93.


Mary Beth Peil

Mary Beth Peil (born 25 June 1940 in Davenport, Iowa) is an American actress and singer. She acts on stage and in movies. She played Alma in the 1971 play "Summer and Smoke". She also performed in many other plays. Her last name is pronounced "peel".

The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent.

The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent. is a book of essays and short stories by Washington Irving. It was published in 1819. "Rip Van Winkle" and "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" are two of the collection's short stories. Both have been adapted to comic books, animated movies, plays, television programs, and other media. 

Burton's Gentleman's Magazine

Burton's Gentleman's Magazine was a 19th-century American men's magazine. It was founded by William Evans Burton, and published between 1837 and 1841 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The magazine focused on material of interest to American gentlemen of the period such as sports, fiction, theater, art, and the western frontier.

Edgar Allan Poe sent short stories to the magazine that included "The Fall of the House of Usher" and "William Wilson". He edited it from 1839 until 1840. The magazine merged with "Atkinson's Casket" to become "Graham's Magazine". 


Bix Beiderbecke

Bix Beiderbecke (March 10, 1903 – August 6, 1931) was an American jazz performer and pianist who was highly influential in the 1920s. He was very popular among other celebrities. He was born in Davenport, Iowa; he died, age twenty-eight in Queens, New York due to lobar pneumonia.

Enrique Floriano Millan

Enrique Floriano Millan (born October 9, 1982 in Lorca, Murcia) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is an B2/S12 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He was the number one swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle and 200 meter individual medley race. He was the number two swimmer in the 100 meter backstroke race. He was in the number three team in the 4 x 100 meter medley Relay 49 Points race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He was the number two swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle and in the 4 x 100 meter medley Relay 49 Points race. He was the number three swimmer in the 200 meter individual medley race. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He was the number two swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle race. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He was the number two swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle race.

He got a job with help from the Employment HPOD PROAD Program, which is helped by ONCE.

In 2010, he raced at the Tenerife International Open. He race at the 2011 IPC European Swimming Championships in Berlin, Germany. Two times, he was one of the top three swimmers in his races. He finished first in the 5 km open water swim.


Linnea Quigley

Barbara Linnea Quigley (born May 27, 1958) is an American actress. She acts mostly in movies. She acted in the 1985 horror movie "Return of the Living Dead". She also did a lot of independent movies. Quigley was born in Davenport, Iowa.

Laraine Newman

Laraine Newman (born March 2, 1952) is an American comedian and actress who acts mostly in movies. She acted in "The Powerpuff Girls" franchise, "Finding Nemo" and "Wreck-It Ralph". Newman was born in Los Angeles.

Deborah Font Jimenez

Deborah Font Jimenez (born September 6, 1985 in El Vendrell, Tarragona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability: she is blind and is an B2/S12 type swimmer. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She was the number one swimmer in the 100 meter breaststroke race. She was the number three swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle race and the 200 meter individual medley race. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She was the number two swimmer in the 100 meter breaststroke race. She raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She was the number three swimmer in the 50 meter freestyle race. She raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. She was the number three swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle race. 

Juan José Fuertes Martinez

Juan Jose Fuertes Martinez (born March 11, 1976 in Pamplona, Navarra) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is an S5 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He was the number one swimmer in the 50 meter freestyle and the 100 meter freestyle races. He was the number two swimmer in the 100 meter freestyle race and the 4 x 50 meter Freestyle relay 20 Points race. He was in the number three swimming team in the 4 x 50 meter medley relay 20 Points race.

Anais García Balmaña

Anais Garcia Balmaña (born September 29, 1980 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability: she is blind. When she was born, one eye had glaucoma and one eye was detached. She is an B1/S11 type swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She was in the number 3 team to finish in the 4 x 100 meter medley 49 Points relay race. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She was the number one swimmer to finish in the 100 meter freestyle and 400 meter freestyle races. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She was the number one swimmer to finish in the 100 meter freestyle race. She competed at the IBSA World Blind Swimming Championships in 2003. She created 3 world records. One was in the 4x50 meter freestyle S11-S13 race. Another world record was in the 800 meter freestyle S11 race. The number three world record was in the 4x50 meter medley, S11-S13 race.

Noelia García Martin

Noelia Garcia Martin (born April 20, 1973 in Plasencia, Cáceres) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a physical disability: she is an S6 type swimmer. Her disability is because of an problem with doctors and a blood clot was made in her bone after she had surgery on her knee. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She was part of the number two team in the 4 x 50 meter medley relay 20 points race. 

Amy Yasbeck

Amy Marie Yasbeck (born September 12, 1962 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American actress who works mostly in comedy movies. She played Elizabeth Stuckey in "Pretty Woman", Florence "Flo" Healy in "Problem Child", and Annie Young in "Problem Child 2". She has also acted in television series.

Yasbeck is the widow of actor and comedian John Ritter, with whom she starred in "Problem Child" and "Problem Child 2", and with whom she has a daughter, who was born on September 11, 1998, less than one year before their marriage on September 18, 1999. John Ritter died on September 11, 2003, on their daughter's fifth birthday, six days before his 55th birthday and seven days before their fourth marriage anniversary.


Problem Child 2

The movie Problem Child 2 is a 1991 American dark comedy movie and a sequel to the 1990 movie "Problem Child". This movie was rated PG-13.

The movie performed less good at the box office than the the earlier movie, but it received slightly better critic reviews than the earlier movie.

Michael Oliver stars as Junior Healy, John Ritter stars as Benjamin Healy, Laraine Newman as LaWanda, Amy Yasbeck as Annie Young, Jack Warden stars as Big Ben Healy and Gilbert Gottfried stars as Igor Peabody.


Ana García-Arcicollar Vallejo

Ana Garcia-Arcicollar Vallejo (born May 28, 1982 in Madrid) is a swimmer from Spain. She is a teacher. She has a disability: she is blind because of a congenital disease and is an B2/S12 type swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She was on the team that finished number three in the 4 X 100 meter medley 49 points S11 - S13 race. She was number three in the 200 meter breaststroke race and the 100 meter backstroke race. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. She was the second person to finish in the 400 meter freestyle race. She was the number three person to finish in the 100 meter butterfly race. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She was the first person to finish in the 400 meter freestyle race. She was the number three person to finish in the 100 meter butterfly race. She raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She was the number two person to finish in the 100 meter butterfly race. She also raced at the IBSA World Games in Sao Paulo, Brazil. She raced at the 2006 World Swimming Championship in Durban, South Africa. II IBSA World Blind Championships in 2003 in Quebec, Canada. She made world records in the 2003 races in the 4 X 50 meter Freestyle S11 - S13 race, the 800 meter freestyle S12 race and the 4 X 50 meter medley S11 - S13 race.

County Antrim

County Antrim is one of the six counties of Northern Ireland. It is in the province of Ulster. It is named after its former county town, Antrim. The name comes from the Irish "Aontroim" which means "lone ridge". The largest part of the capital city of Northern Ireland, Belfast, is also in County Antrim. The rest of Belfast is in County Down.

A large part of Antrim is very hilly. The highest hills are in the east of the county. The mountain range runs north and south, and, following this direction the highest points are Knocklayd , Slieveanorra , Trostan , Slemish , Agnew's Hill and Divis . Along the coast there are a lot of cliffs in the north. Some of the most remarkable cliffs are those formed of vertical basaltic columns, like at the Giant's Causeway.

The only large island of County Antrim is L-shaped Rathlin Island, off Ballycastle, in total length by maximum breadth, from the coast.

The river Bann and the river Lagan are the two important rivers in the county. The fisheries of the Bann and of Lough Neagh (especially for salmon and eels) are of value both commercially and to sportsmen. The county borders Lough Neagh. 

County Antrim has a number of air, rail and sea links.

Belfast International Airport is in County Antrim. It is Northern Ireland's main airport. There are regular flights to Great Britain, Europe and North America.

The other airport in the area, George Best Belfast City Airport, lies a mile east of Belfast city centre on the County Down side of the city.

The main Translink Northern Ireland Railways routes are the major line between Belfast, Antrim, Ballymena, Coleraine and Londonderry, Belfast to Carrickfergus and Larne, the port for Stranraer in Scotland and Coleraine to Portrush.

Two of Northern Ireland's main ports are in County Antrim, Larne and Belfast.

Ferries sail from Larne Harbour to destinations including Cairnryan and Troon in Scotland, and Fleetwood in England.

The Port of Belfast is Northern Ireland's main port. It is a major centre of industry and commerce and has become established as the focus of logistics activity for Northern Ireland. Around two thirds of Northern Ireland's seaborne trade, and a quarter of that for Ireland as a whole, is handled at the port which receives over 6,000 vessels each year.

Statistics for 2009-2010 show 1,832 students attending the 12 Gaelscoileanna (Irish language primary schools) and 1 Gaelcholáiste (Irish language secondary school).

The Presbyterian Church in Ireland is the largest religious denomination, followed by the Catholic Church and the Church of Ireland. County Antrim is one of two counties in Ireland in which most of people are Protestant, according to the 2001 census, the other being Down. The strong Presbyterian presence in the county is mostly because of the county's historical links with lowland Scotland.

It is unknown when the county of Antrim was formed. It was the name of a district in the early 14th century, before Edward II was king. The earliest known people to live here were Mesolithic hunter-gatherers of pre-Celtic origin.

In ancient times, a Celtic people called the Darini lived in Antrim.

In the early Middle Ages, southern County Antrim was part of the Kingdom of Ulidia. It was ruled by the Dál Fiatach clans Keenan and MacDonlevy/McDunlavey. The north was part of Dál Riada, which stretched into what is now western Scotland over the Irish Sea. Dál Riada was ruled by the O'Lynch clan. The Dál nAraide and the Cruthin, who were pre-Gaelic Celts and probably related to the Picts of Britain lived in lower County Antrim. Between the 8th and 11th centuries there were Vikings in Antrim too.

In the late 12th century Antrim became part of the Earldom of Ulster, won by Anglo-Norman invaders. Edward Bruce fought to restore local, Gaelic, government in 1315. It left Carrickfergus as the only significant English stronghold.

In the late Middle Ages, Antrim was divided into three parts: northern Clandeboye, the Glynnes and the Route. The Cambro-Norman MacQuillans were powerful in the Route. A branch of the O'Neills of Tyrone migrated to Clandeboye in the 14th century, and ruled it for a time. Their family was called O'Neill Clannaboy. A Gallowglass sept, the MacDonnells, became the most powerful in the Glynnes in the 15th century.

During the Tudor era (16th century) numerous adventurers from Britain wanted to come and live in the region. Many Scots settled in Antrim around this time. In 1588 the Antrim coast was the scene of one of the 24 wrecks of the Spanish Armada in Ireland. The Spanish vessel "La Girona" was wrecked off Lacana Point, Giant's Causeway in 1588 with the loss of nearly 1,300 lives.

The historical monuments of the county consist of cairns, mounts or forts, remains of religious and military structures, and round towers.

The principal cairns are: one on Colin mountain, near Lisburn; one on Slieve True, near Carrickfergus; and two on Colinward. The cromlechs most worthy of notice are: one near Cairngrainey, to the north-east of the old road from Belfast to Templepatrick; the large cromlech at Mount Druid, near Ballintoy; and one at the northern extremity of Islandmagee. The mounts, forts and entrenchments are very numerous.

There are three round towers: one at Antrim, one at Armoy, and one on Ram's Island in Lough Neagh. There are some remains of the religious establishments at Bonamargy, where the earls of Antrim are buried, Kells, Glenarm, Glynn, Muckamore and Whiteabbey.

Carrickfergus Castle, dating from the Norman invasion of Ireland is a well preserved medieval structure. There are, however, remains of other ancient castles, as Olderfleet, Cam's, Shane's, Glenarm, Garron Tower, Red Bay, and Dunluce Castle, notable for its dramatic location on a rocky hill.

Slemish, about eight miles (13 km) east of Ballymena, is where St Patrick's lived when he was young. According to tradition Saint Patrick was a slave for seven years, near the hill of Slemish, until he escaped back to Great Britain.

Linen manufacturing was previously an important industry in the County. At the time Ireland produced a large amount of flax. Cotton-spinning by jennies was first introduced to Belfast by industrialists Robert Joy and Thomas M'Cabe in 1777; and twenty-three years later it was estimated that more than 27,000 people were employed in the industry within ten miles (16 km) of Belfast.


The traditional county town is Antrim. More recently, Ballymena was the seat of county government. The counties of Northern Ireland ceased to be administrative entities in 1973, with the reorganization of local government.

In Northern Ireland the county structure is no longer used in local government. Northern Ireland is split into districts. The majority of County Antrim residents are administered by the following nine councils:

Small portions of the county are administered by councils that are based in neighbouring counties, notably the village of Aghagallon in the Craigavon Borough and the town of Portrush in the Coleraine Borough.

The county contains all of five parliamentary constituencies:

Parts of the following constituencies are also in County Antrim:



Sarai Gascon Moreno

Sarai Gascon Moreno (born November 16, 1992 in Terrassa, Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability: she is an S9 type swimmer. She raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She was the number two swimmer in the 100 meter breaststroke race. She raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. She was the number two swimmer in the 100 meter butterfly race. She was the number three swimmer in the 100 meter freestyle race. 

My Boss's Daughter

My Boss's Daughter is a 2003 romantic comedy movie in which Ashton Kutcher, Molly Shannon and Tara Reid star. The subject in this romantic comedy is researchers working at a publishing company. One researcher, Tom, carries a crush on the daughter of the boss. This movie was released in August 2003. Its budget was $14 million; it got back over $18 million. Reviews, however, were rather substandard. The original of this movie was rated PG-13, though an R-rated version of this exists. It was filmed in Los Angeles, California.

PE

PE is a common abbreviation. 



Treasury

A Treasury is either:


The treasury as a place to keep the king's (or city's) gold and valuables has a long history. The winners in a war would take back whatever they wanted, and slaves and booty were top of the list. The first recorded booty in history is a stele taken during 1160 BC.

The earliest found artefacts made of silver and gold are from Lake Varna in Bulgaria dated 4250–4000 BC, the earliest made of copper are dated 9000–7000 BC.

The term "treasury" was first used in classical antiquity to describe the places built for gifts to the gods. An example is the Siphnian Treasury in Delphi. Many similar buildings were put up in Olympia, Greece by city-states hoping to impress others during the ancient Olympic Games. In Ancient Greece treasuries were almost always inside religious buildings such as temples. This made state funds sacrosanct, and adding moral constraints to the punishment for thieves.

The sovereigns' treasury in the palace in ancient Jerusalem,was similar in nature to the temple treasury. Those treasuries had officials, and worked rather like a bank.

In excavations of Persopolis a text about to the activities of a treasury were discovered. It dates to the fifth century BC. The texts were written in the Elamite language.

The ancient Roman word "aerarium" signified the treasury of the Senate, "fiscus" was used to indicate the imperial treasury used by Caesar.

In the United Kingdom, Her Majesty's Treasury is overseen by the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The traditional honorary title of First Lord of the Treasury is held by the Prime Minister. Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs administers the taxation system.

In the United States, the Treasurer reports to an executive-appointed Secretary of the Treasury. The IRS is the revenue agency of the US Department of the Treasury.

In many other countries, the treasury is called the Ministry of Finance. Its head is known as the Finance Minister. Examples include New Zealand, Canada, Malaysia, Singapore, Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, and Japan.

In some other countries, a Treasury will co-exist with a separate Ministry of Finance, with divided functions.

The government of Poland includes the Ministry of Finance as well as the Ministry of State Treasury, as does the government of the Ukraine. It was the same in Italy before the creation of the united Ministry of Economy. In the Australian federal government a treasurer and a finance minister co-exist.

St. Nicholas Magazine

St. Nicholas Magazine was a 19th-century American monthly children's magazine. It was published between 1873 and 1943 by Scribner's & Co. It was directed for 32 years by Mary Mapes Dodge. Writers published in the magazine include Louisa May Alcott, Frances Hodgson Burnett, and Rudyard Kipling. It folded in 1943.

Mary Mapes Dodge

Mary Mapes Dodge (January 26, 1831 – August 21, 1905) was an American writer. She wrote "Hans Brinker and the Silver Skates". She also edited "St. Nicholas Magazine".

Lance

A lance is a pole weapon or spear used by a mounted warrior. The lance is longer, thicker and heavier than an infantry spear, and is not intended for throwing, or for quick thrusting. Lances did not have tips meant to break off or bend, unlike many throwing weapons of the spear and javelin family. They often had a vamplate, a small circular plate to prevent the hand sliding up the shaft upon impact. 

The lance was longer than a spear, about 9–10 feet long. When charging the lance was carried under the arm (couched) using the weight of the horse and rider to push the lance tip into its intended target. It was a medieval shock and awe weapon (caused great fear) to have a number of mounted knights with lances charging towards you. In many cases it caused panic and the enemy fled the battle. 

They were used by European knights, but the use of lances was spread over the Old World wherever horses were available. The use of the lance was made possible by the use of the stirrup added to saddles. It allowed the knight to control the horse and stand in the saddle. As a backup weapon, lancers (one who used a lance) of that period also carried swords, maces (a type of club) or something else suited to hand-to-hand (or close) combat, since the lance was often used only once during an event. It could not be used once the combatants were close to each other.


<br>

Hans Brinker and the Silver Skates

Hans Brinker, or The Silver Skates (1865) is a book by Mary Mapes Dodge. It is about a Dutch boy who enters an ice skating race. 

The Slave's Friend

The Slave's Friend was a 19th-century American monthly children's magazine. It was published in New York City, New York by the American Anti-Slavery Society beginning in 1835 and ending some time before 1839. 

Thirty-eight issues were published. Single copies cost 1 cent, but the magazine was made available in public places for free. The 16-page, tiny magazine (4.5" h x 2.75") was considered dangerous reading by anti-abolitionists. Copies were destroyed in Charleston, South Carolina and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

True (magazine)

True was an American men's magazine. It was published monthly by Fawcett Publications between 1937 and 1974. Articles were of interest to men such as sports, adventure, technology, etc. 

Squire

A squire was the shield bearer or armour bearer of a knight, and at times was a knight's servant. 

Use of the term has changed over time. In the Middle Ages, a squire was the apprentice of a knight. Later it meant a leader in an English village or Lord of the manor might be called a squire. Later still it was used for key public figures such as Justice of the Peace or Member of Parliament. In modern American usage a squire is the title given to a Justice of the Peace or similar local official. "Squire" is a shortened version of the word "Esquire".

Arunachalam Mahadeva

Sir Arunachalam Mahadeva (5 October 1885 – 8 June 1969) was a Sri Lankan diplomat and legislator. He was a minister of the Home Affairs of the State Council. He later served as Ceylon's High Commissioner to India from 1948 to 1950.

Mahadeva is the son of Sir Ponnambalam Arunachalam. Like his father, Mahadeva was educated at the Royal College Colombo.

Arunachalam Mahadeva was elected as a member of both the Legislative and State Councils of Ceylon. He became the Home Minister in 1942, when D. S. Senanayake became Leader of the House of the State Council. 


PZL 102 Kos

The PZL 102 Kos is a Polish training and sport light aircraft. Built in wood and metal, it is a twin-seats single-engine. Engine is an American-built Continental C90-12F. Only ten examples were built between 1959 and 1962.

Lockheed L-100

The Lockheed L-100 is the civilian variant of the famous military cargo aircraft C-130 Hercules. It is also used like cargo but generally by airliners. L-100 are sometimes also named "Hercules". Some are used in Algeria, Canada, France, and the United States. More the 110 examples were built. Some are used by air forces in addition of militaries variants. Few L-100 are used like water bomber, like in the U.S. 

Ponnambalam Arunachalam

Sir Ponnambalam Arunachchalam (14 September 1853 – 9 January 1924) was a Ceylonese statesman. He was a member of the Executive Council and the Legislative Council.

His father was Gate Mudaliyar Arunachalam Ponnambalam. His mother was Sellachchi Ammaiyar. He was the third son of their parents and the younger brother of Sir Ponnambalam Ramanathan who was another famous Ceylon Tamil leader. He was educated at the Colombo Academy (Royal College Colombo), Colombo, and at Christ's College, Cambridge.

He married Swarnambal Namasivayam and had three sons, Sir Arunachalam Mahadeva, KCMG; Sivananthan Arunachalam and Arunachalam Ramanathan.

He was one of the first Ceylonese to enter the Ceylon Civil Service in 1875. He was appointed General in 1887. He showed his positive work in all the positions he held. On his retirement from the Public Service in 1913, he was honored in recognition of his service to the country. He was also nominated by the Governor to a seat in the Executive Council.

Mercure (hotel)

Mercure Hotels is a chain of hotels run by French corporation Accor. Most Mercure hotels are positioned between Ibis and Novotel in the Accor estate.

RIU Hotels

RIU Hotels & Resorts is a Spanish hotel chain. It was founded by the Riu family as a small holiday hotel. The first hotel was Riu San Francisco in Mallorca. The RIU Hotels & Resorts chain is owned by the Riu family's third generation. The RIU Hotels chain now expanded in most Spanish-speaking countries, but also others. It has more than 90 hotels in the main tourist destinations such as Europe, America, Africa and Asia.

Novotel

Novotel is a hotel chain in the Accor group. Novotel has almost 400 hotels and resorts in 60 countries, in the business districts and tourist destinations of international cities.

Godey's Lady's Book

Godey's Lady's Book was a 19th-century American monthly women's magazine. It began publication in 1830 as "The Lady's Book". "Godey's" was added to the title about 1840. It was also known as "Godey's Magazine". It was published in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by Louis Antoine Godey. 

In 1836, Godey bought the Boston-based "American Ladies' Magazine", and merged it with his own magazine. Sarah Josepha Hale became the literary editor. Contents included recipes, etiquette, health advice, fiction, poetry, fashions, household tips, exercises, moral instruction, etc. The monthly fashion plates were hand-colored by 150 women. Unusual for the times, the magazine's contents were copyrighted. 

Subscriptions dropped off during the American Civil War, though the magazine was careful not to mention politics, war, or other divisive or controversial topics. Public interest in the magazine declined after Godey and Hale retired. The magazine was absorbed by "Puritan" in 1898.


Michal Grošek

Michal Grošek (born June 1, 1975 in Vyškov, Czechoslovakia) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey player that played a combined 11 seasons in the NHL.

Grošek was drafted 145th overall in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft by the Winnipeg Jets. He played 3 years with the Jets and became the first Czech born player to play for the team. He then went to the Buffalo Sabres and played 5 seasons with them. He played 14 games with the Chicago Blackhawks and the played for the New York Rangers. He played for both the New York Rangers for 2 seasons and their AHL farm team, the Hartford Wolf Pack. He last played in the NHL for the Boston Bruins for 2 seasons.

He left the NHL and went to play in the National League A with Geneve Servette. He played 2 seasons with them and decided to play for SKA Saint Petersburg of Russian Superleague. He only played 13 games with them and returned to the NLA to play for EV Zug. He last played for the Leksands IF of the Swedish Hockey League.

Women's magazine

A women's magazine is a magazine that is mostly for women. These magazines were started because big newsapers sometimes had parts that were for women. Sometimes tabloid journalism is also for women. Unlike tabloids, which are published daily, women's magazines are usually published weekly or monthly. 

Margarita Henríquez

Margarita Esther Henríquez Rodríguez (born April 17, 1991, Panama) is the winner of the third season of "Latin American Idol", which she won on October 9, 2008.

Henríquez became the youngest contestant to win and the third one since Carlos Peña. Henríquez beat the runner up María José Castillo for the title. She released her first album under the Sony BMG label on December 1, 2008. It has been very successful in Panama. It contains six songs that she performed during the TV Show. Her song "Vuela" has been successful on Panamanian radio stations.

Frank Ticheli

Frank Ticheli (born January 21, 1958 in Monroe, Louisiana) is an American composer. He writes music for orchestras, choirs, and concert bands, as well as chamber works. He lives in Los Angeles, California and is a Professor of Composition at the University of Southern California. Many of the pieces he has written are very famous.

He graduated from L.V. Berkner High School in Richardson, Texas and earned a Bachelor of Music in Composition from Southern Methodist Universitywhere he studied with Donald Erb and Jack Waldenmaier. He got his master's and doctoral degrees in composition from the University of Michigan, where he studied with William Albright, Leslie Bassett, George Wilson, and William Bolcom.

Later, Ticheli was an Assistant Professor of Music at Trinity University in San Antonio, Texas. From 1991 to 1998, Ticheli was composer-in-residence with the Pacific Symphony Orchestra in Orange County, California. Since 1991, he has been a Professor of Composition at the University of Southern California's Thornton School of Music. 

In 2011, he started the "Frank Ticheli Composition Scholarship," which will be awarded each year to a student who is starting to study Composition in graduate school.

Ticheli has won many awards. Many organizations, orchestras, and universities have paid him to write music.

Ticheli's works are published by Manhattan Beach Music, Encore Music Publishers, and Hinshaw Music, and are recorded on the labels of Albany, Chandos, Clarion, Delos, Equilibrium, Klavier, Koch International Classics, Mark, Naxos, Reference, and others. They include the following:








Louis Antoine Godey

Louis Antoine Godey (June 6, 1804 – November 29, 1878) was founder and publisher of the 19th-century women's magazine, "Godey's Lady's Book".

He was born in poverty in New York City, New York. His parents were survivors of the French Revolution. He was mostly self-educated. Godey went to work as a paperboy at age 15, moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and went to work for the "Daily Chronicle".

Within a few years, he began publishing his own magazine, "The Lady's Book". Contributors included Harriet Beecher Stowe, Edgar Allan Poe, and Nathaniel Hawthorne. Godey also published "The Young People’s Book" in 1841, and the "Lady’s Musical Library" in 1842.

On August 31, 1833, Godey married Maria Duke. They had five children. He retired to St. Augustine, Florida. He died after a short illness in Philadelphia in 1878.


Michael Leighton

Michael "Mike" Leighton (born May 19, 1981 in Petrolia, Ontario) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender that played for the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League (AHL). He also played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Nashville Predators, Philadelphia Flyers, and Carolina Hurricanes.

He started his career with the Windsor Spitfires of the Ontario Hockey League. He played 3 seasons and during that time he was named the All-star Team West Goalie in 2000.

He was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks with the 165th overall pick in the 1999 NHL Entry draft.

He started his NHL career with the Blackhawks and during that time he became the first Blackhawks player to record a shutout in his debut. He competed with Craig Anderson for back-up duties and never really got to spend a complete season in the NHL during his time with Chicago.

On October 4, 2005, he was traded to the Buffalo Sabres in exchange for Milan Bartovic. He didn't appear in a game with the Sabres however and played the season with their AHL affiliate, the Rochester Americans. The Sabres didn't tender him a qualifying offer in the off-season which made him an unrestricted free agent.

On July 13, 2006, he signed as a free agent with the Anaheim Ducks. He played for the Ducks' farm team, the Portland Pirates. The Ducks called Leighton up when both their goalies Ilya Bryzgalov and Jean-Sébastien Giguère got injured but Leighton was claimed off waivers by the Nashville Predators before he could play. He only played 20 minutes of one game with the Predators and he was placed on waivers again.

On January 11, 2007, he was claimed by the Philadelphia Flyers. After playing 4 games with the Flyers, he was placed on waivers and picked up by the Montreal Canadiens but didn't play a game with them because he had already finished the season.

During the off-season, the Canadiens traded him to the Carolina Hurricanes in exchange for a 7th round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

He first played for their farm team, the Albany River Rats but was called up to the NHL when John Grahame got sent down after he got placed on waivers. Leighton played 3 games and was sent back down to the River Rats. During his time with the River Rats he set an AHL record by making 98 saves on 101 shots, in a playoff game that went to 5 overtimes which was also an AHL record.

He played as the Hurricanes' backup goaltender, behind Cam Ward, during the 2008–09 NHL season. He played 19 regular season games but he didn't play in the playoffs, when the team advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals. Ward suffered a leg injury in November 2009 and missed a month of play. The Hurricanes signed goaltender Manny Legace, who became the backup when Ward returned.

On December 15, 2009, Leighton was brought back to the Flyers when they claimed him off waivers to back up Brian Boucher while Ray Emery recovered from injury. On December 21, Leighton was given a starting role when Boucher suffered an injury. On January 1, 2010, he started in goal for the Flyers for the 2010 Winter Classic. During a playoff game against the Boston Bruins, Leighton stepped in for an injured Boucher to play in his first ever NHL playoff game where he helped keep Boucher's shutout in a 4-0 win. During the 2010 Eastern Conference Finals against the Montreal Canadiens, he only let in 7 goals in five games and recorded 3 shutouts as the Flyers advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals to face the Chicago Blackhawks. Leighton started all six games of the Finals but struggled where he recorded a goals against average of 3.96 and a save percentage of 0.876. Leighton was the losing goalie in game 6 when the Blackhawks defeated the Flyers four games to two which ending with an overtime goal by Patrick Kane.

On June 30, 2010, he re-signed with the Flyers with a two-year deal. On January 3, 2011, the Flyer placed Leighton on waivers. He cleared waivers the next day and was assigned to the Adirondack Phantoms. He rejoined the Flyers three months later after he cleared re-entry waivers.

On July 1, 2012, he re-signed with the Flyers with a one-year contract and was announced as Ilya Bryzgalov's backup. He only played one game for the Flyers during the 2012–13 season and was traded along with a 2015 third-round draft pick to the Columbus Blue Jackets for Steve Mason. 



Retro Studios

Retro Studios is a video game developer and a part of Nintendo. The company was started in 1998. They are most famous for the "Metroid Prime" and "Donkey Kong Country" series.


Missile Command

Missile Command is an arcade video game released by Atari in 1981. In this game, the player has to defend six cities from falling missiles. The player does so by hitting the missiles with their own counter-missiles. The player moves a crosshair to launch missiles. When a missile hits the crosshair, it creates a fireball that stays for a few seconds and destroys any missiles that hit it. The player has three batteries with ten missiles each. When a battery has no more missiles left or it is destroyed, the player can no longer use it. The game is played as a series of levels, each having a higher difficulty. A level ends if all of the player's cities are destroyed, or all of the falling missiles are destroyed. If a player runs out of missiles, they no longer have control in the level they are playing on. At the end of a level, the player gets extra points for cities that have not been destroyed and missiles they did not use.

The game has been released on many home video game consoles, including the Atari 2600, the Game Boy, and the Xbox 360.


Grand Forks, British Columbia

Grand Forks is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Grand Forks is in Boundary Country near the Canada–United States border.

The population of Grand Forks was 3,985 in 2011. The mayor of Grand Forks is Frank Konrad. The city started in the late 19th century when copper mining was popular in both the Boundary and Kootenay regions of British Columbia. It officially became a city on April 15, 1897. In both 1908 and 1911, fires destroyed the downtown core because of the large number of wood frame buildings and stores. Grand Forks has an ice hockey team, the Grand Forks Border Bruins which play in the Kootenay International Junior Hockey League.


Business jet

A business jet is an aircraft designed and built for transporting a small group of passengers, between four and twenty people. Generally it is a twin-turbojet aircraft, but some are tri-jet (such as Falcon 50), or four-engine (like the Jetstar). In some cases it is even airliners that have been turned into this kind of aircraft, like Airbus A320CJ or Boeing 737BJ.

Some business jets are used by air forces for priority and VIP transport. Some are owned by the companies that use them, and some by other companies who provide service for business or private trips.





Water bomber

A water bomber is an aircraft dedicated to firefighting, and in particular for forest fires. It can be a helicopter or a sea plane. Generally it is a conversion of a former military or cargo aircraft, but some were designed and built at the beginning like water bombers. It is the case of Canadian Canadair CL-215. Water bombers are used both by air forces, administrations, and private societies.

Sarah Josepha Hale

Sarah Josepha Hale (October 24, 1788 – April 30, 1879) was a 19th century American writer and magazine editor. She wrote the poem "Mary Had a Little Lamb". She campaigned to make Thanksgiving a national holiday, to make Mount Vernon a national shrine, and raised funds to complete the Bunker Hill monument.

Hale was born in Newport, New Hampshire to Gordon Buell, a Revolutionary War captain, and his wife, Martha (Whittlesay) Buell. Sarah married lawyer David Hale in 1813, and had five children with him.

Widowed in 1822, Hale entered the literary field in order to support her children. In 1827, she published "Northwood: A Tale of New England". It was one of the first novels to be published by an American woman. 

She edited "Ladies' Magazine" in Boston, Massachusetts, then moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1837 to edit "Godey's Lady's Book", the premiere woman's magazine in America. She edited the magazine until 1877. She died in 1879.

Hale raised funds for the completion of the Bunker Hill Monument. She urged the Federal government to make Mount Vernon a national shrine, and to declare Thanksgiving a national holiday.

City of Joy

City of Joy is a 1985 book by French author and journalist Dominique Lapierre. It was made into a 1991 movie by Roland Joffe. It is based on the lives of people in a slum in Kolkata. The slum is called "City of Joy". A Polish Catholic priest and a rickshaw driver are two of the main characters.


Mary Had a Little Lamb

"Mary Had a Little Lamb" (originally, "Mary's Lamb") is a poem by Sarah Josepha Hale. It was published in her "Poetry for Children" in 1823. It tells of a lamb who follows his little mistress to school. In the 1830s, Lowell Mason set the poem to music. In 1877, Thomas Edison recited "Mary Had a Little Lamb" for the first recording of the human voice.

Codell, Kansas

Codell is an unincorporated community in Rooks County, Kansas, United States. It is south of the city of Stockton (the county seat of Rooks County). It is near the southeastern corner of Rooks County. The nearest city, Plainville, is about northwest by road.

On May 20 in 1916, 1917, and 1918, Codell was hit by tornadoes. The 1918 tornado was the worst. It killed ten people and did a lot of damage.


Shakespeare's Sonnets

Shakespeare's Sonnets is the title of a collection of 154 sonnets written by William Shakespeare. The collection was first published in 1609 by Thomas Thorpe. In general, each sonnet is in iambic pentameter, and consists of three quatrains followed by a concluding couplet. The sonnets are about love, death, jealousy, procreation, beauty, etc.

Death Be Not Proud

"Death Be Not Proud" is a poem written by John Donne about 1610. It was published in 1663, after his death.

<poem>
Death, be not proud, though some have called thee
Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so;
For those whom thou think'st thou dost overthrow
Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.
From rest and sleep, which but thy pictures be,
Much pleasure; then from thee much more must flow,
And soonest our best men with thee do go,
Rest of their bones, and soul's delivery.
Thou art slave to fate, chance, kings, and desperate men,
And dost with poison, war, and sickness dwell,
And poppy or charms can make us sleep as well
And better than thy stroke; why swell'st thou then?
One short sleep past, we wake eternally,
And death shall be no more, death, thou shalt die.
</poem>

Shakespeare's Birthplace

Shakespeare's Birthplace is a house in Henley Street, Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England. It is the birthplace of William Shakespeare, and one of several sites in Stratford associated with him.

New Place

New Place is a site in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England where a house once stood belonging to William Shakespeare. He retired to the house following his career in the London theatres. Many years after his death in 1623, the house became a tourist attraction. A neighbor, weary of constant visitors, bought the house and tore it down.

Holy Trinity Church

Holy Trinity Church is a church in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England. William Shakespeare is buried beneath the stones of the floor. It is one of several sites in Stratford associated with the poet. These sites include his birthplace in Henley Street and New Place, the site of his house.

Venus and Adonis

Venus and Adonis is a long poem by William Shakespeare. It was published in 1593. It tells of Venus' love for Adonis, a mortal man.

Aubrey Plaza

Aubrey Plaza (born June 26, 1984, Wilmington, Delaware) is an American actress and comedian. She performs in movies and television. She starred as April Ludgate in the NBC television show "Parks and Recreation". She acted as Claire in "Monsters University" and as Darius in "Safety not Guaranteed".

Plaza played Karen Barclay in the 2019 horror movie "Child's Play".

Plaza acts the speaking voice of Grumpy Cat in the Lifetime TV network movie "Grumpy Cat's Worst Christmas Ever". It was first shown on November 29, 2014.

The Rape of Lucrece

The Rape of Lucrece is a long poem by William Shakespeare. It was first published in 1594. It tells of the rape of Lucretia by Tarquin and her suicide.

Big Brother (American TV series)

Big Brother is a reality television game show. It is based on an originally Dutch language TV series of the same name which was created by John de Mol in 1997. The show follows a group of House Guests living together 24 hours a day in the "Big Brother" house. They are isolated from everyone outside of the house. They are videotaped with no privacy for three months. Since its US television start in 2000, "Big Brother" has continue airing with at least one season of the show on CBS each year. It is currently the second longest version of the show to have done so, after the Spanish version. On September 25, 2022, CBS announced that "Big Brother" was renewed for its 25th season in summer 2023. The 25th season began on August 2, 2023.

The HouseGuests compete for the chance to win $750,000. They must try to avoid weekly eviction, until the last HouseGuest remains. The American series is hosted by television personality Julie Chen. It is produced by Allison Grodner and Rich Meehan for Fly On The Wall Entertainment. It currently airs in the United States on CBS and in Canada on Global.

Eviction night are hosted by television personality and news anchor, Julie Chen. She is the wife of CBS President Les Moonves and co-host of the network's "The Talk". Chen was a former co-host of CBS's "The Early Show". Television critics gave Chen negative reviews during her first season (2000). Many critics did not like that she was very stale when presenting. They also did not like her "weak" interviews with evictees during the live program. They also did not like Chen's phrase "But first...", they believed she used it too much. Many fans of the show began calling her "the Chenbot". Chen later said that she knew about this and accepted it.

There was an announcer during the first season. The announcer introduced every scene. As the show progressed, the announcer only came on during the opening and closing of each episode. There have been several different announcers throughout the years. Past announcers include Dave Walsh (season and episode 2 of season two), Chuck Riley (season two), and Phil Proctor (seasons 3-6). The current announcer is Clayton Halsey and he has been the announcer since season seven.

The format for the first season was very different from the following seasons. The first season was very similar to international versions of "Big Brother". Each HouseGuest would individually go to the Diary Room and nominate two fellow HouseGuests for banishment. The term "eviction" was not used until the second season. The two or more HouseGuests with the most nominations were then revealed to the House and were "Marked for Banishment". The public were invited to vote for who they wish to evict by calling a premium rate telephone number. The HouseGuest who received the most public vote was evicted. When there were three HouseGuests left, the public would vote for the winner.

Starting with the second season, the HouseGuests competed to become Head of Household. The Head of Household is responsible for nominating two HouseGuests for eviction. During the Live Eviction show, HouseGuests individually go into the Diary Room and vote on who they wish to evict. Julie then reveals the results of the vote to the House. She then tells the evicted HouseGuest that s/he only has a few moments to leave the house. In the event of a tie, the Head of Household will be the deciding vote. When two HouseGuests remain, the evicted HouseGuests voted for the winner. However, if there were a tie the public would vote.

In "Big Brother 3" (2002), a new power was introduced called the Power of Veto. The Power of Veto winner can choose to veto one of the Head of Household's nominations. When this happens, the Head of Household chooses someone else. The winner is also protected from becoming a replacement nominee for the week. At first, the Power of Veto was silver and if a nominee won the Power of Veto the nominee could not save themselves. The "Golden" Power of Veto was introduced in the last veto competition in season three. If a nominee won it, they could save themselves.

The "Crystal" Power of Veto was introduced in the final veto competition of "Big Brother 4" (2003). It could only be used by a nominee. If anyone else won it, it could not be used. The Golden Power of Veto is now the standard veto since season four. The fourth season also started the Big Brother Jury, sometimes called the "Jury of Seven". The Jury is made up of the final seven evicted HouseGuests. Each member of the Jury is isolated in a different house. The Jury members are not allowed to watch the show except for small parts such as the nominations and the Power of Veto ceremonies. They are not allowed to see any Diary Room interviews or any footage involving strategy or twists to the game. The Big Brother Jury votes to determine the winner of "Big Brother" each season.

Ten years later, "Big Brother 15" (2013) raised the number of nominees from two to three a week. This is similar to the French Canadian version of the show. In addition, a new weekly power called the Most Valuable Player will give this HouseGuest a special power. The Most Valuable Player will have the ability to nominate the 3rd nominee, without anyone knowing who they are.

Live shows have been broadcast on Thursday nights in every season. However, the first, fourth, ninth and fifteenth seasons were not broadcast on Thursday nights. They were instead on Wednesday nights. Later in the season, there would be live shows on other days. These examples were for double evictions. From the second season through the ninth season, Chen presented the live show in an empty studio next to the house. Starting with the tenth season, the live shows once again had an audience.


To Helen

"To Helen" is a poem written by Edgar Allan Poe. The poem was first published in 1831 in "Poems of Edgar Allan Poe". It was republished in 1836 in the "Southern Literary Messenger". Poe's inspiration was Jane Stith Stanard, the mother of his childhood friend Robert Stanard.

The poem consists of three stanzas of five lines each. The rhyme scheme is irregular: the first stanza is ABABB, the second is ABABA, and the third is ABBAB. The poem includes the well known lines, "... the glory that was Greece / And the grandeur that was Rome".


Surcoat

A surcoat, or surcote, was an outer garment commonly worn in the Middle Ages by men. About 100 years later, women started to wear surcoats. It can either mean a coat worn over other garments or the outer garment commonly worn over armour. The name comes from the French meaning "over the cotta", a long, wide coat reaching down to the feet without sleeves.

Starting about the 12th century, knights wore long and flowing surcoats over their armour. They would often show the coat of arms of the wearer. A knight's surcoat reached almost to the ankles. It had slits (cuts) in the bottom front and back so a wearer could sit. It also had no sleeves. One purpose for the surcoat was to protect armour from the rain. Another use was during the Crusades to keep the armour cooler in the sun.

By the middle of the 14th century the long surcoat was replaced with the "Jupon" (or "Gipon"). This was a much shorter garment, which was often padded for extra protection. Once suits of plate (solid) armour became common, the surcoat was no longer used.


The Gold-Bug

"The Gold-Bug" is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in "Philadelphia Dollar Newspaper" in June 1843.

Alexey Pajitnov

Alexéy Leonídovich Pájitnov (born April 16, 1955) is a Russian computer engineer who lives in the United States. He is best known for creating the popular video game "Tetris". He was born in Moscow, USSR.

Pajitnov created "Tetris" in 1985. The game was first sold in the Soviet Union. In 1986, the game began being sold in the West. Since then, it has become a very successful series. In 1996, he started The Tetris Company, which owns the trademark to "Tetris".

In 1996, GameSpot named him the fourth most influential computer game developer of all time.


Bertha von Suttner

Baroness Bertha Sophie Felicitas Freifrau von Suttner (; ; 9 June 184321 June 1914) was an Austrian novelist. She was the first woman to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. Suttner wrote a novel called "Die Waffen nieder!". This means "Lay Down Your Arms!" in English.

The Gift of the Magi

"The Gift of the Magi" is a short story by O. Henry. It was published in "The New York Sunday World" on December 10, 1905. 

Pole Position (video game)

Pole Position is an arcade racing video game released by Namco in 1982 and designed by Toru Iwatani. In this game, the player controls a Formula One race car. The player completes a time trial lap to be able to compete in an F1 race at the Fuji Racetrack. After completing the time trial race, the player races against other cars in a championship race. The player has to complete the race in the time allowed. They have to avoid crashing into the other cars and objects along the side of the track.

The game was the highest selling arcade game of 1983 in North America. It sold over 21,000 machines for $61 million. It has been released for many video game consoles as part of Namco game collections, including the PlayStation, Nintendo 64, Nintendo GameCube, and Xbox.

In 1983, a sequel called "Pole Position II" was released. It features three new tracks in addition to the one from the first game.


The Open Boat

"The Open Boat" is a short story by Stephen Crane. It was first published in the June 1897 issue of "Scribner's Magazine".

Young Goodman Brown

"Young Goodman Brown" is a short story by Nathaniel Hawthorne. It was first published in the April 1835 issue of "New England Magazine".

Rappaccini's Daughter

"Rappaccini's Daughter" is a short story by Nathaniel Hawthorne. It was first published in "United States Democratic Review" in December 1844. It was reprinted in Hawthorne's collection of short stories and sketches, "Mosses From an Old Manse" in 1846. The story has been adapted to many media including opera and movies.

Henry Dunant

Jean Henri Dunant was a Swiss businessman and social activist. A book he wrote influenced the International Committee of the Red Cross to be formed in 1863. The 1864 Geneva Convention was based on Dunant's ideas. In 1901 he received the first Nobel Peace Prize together with Frédéric Passy.

Maggie: A Girl of the Streets

Maggie: A Girl of the Streets is a novella (short novel) by Stephen Crane. It was published in 1893. The story is about a young prostitute in New York City.

Frédéric Passy

Frédéric Passy (May 20, 1822 – June 12, 1912) was a French economist. In 1901 he received the first Nobel Peace Prize together with Henry Dunant.

Passy wrote and talked to others about free trade. He followed the ideas of Richard Cobden.

Irenaeus

Saint Irenaeus (130 AD - 202) was a Roman Catholic Bishop of Lyon, France. He is a Church Father. He is known for his Christian writings. He is remembered on the 28 June.


Church Father

The Church Fathers are ancient and influential Christian theologians, some of whom were great teachers or bishops. Only early teachers of Christianity are seen as Fathers by the Western Church. However, the Orthodox Church honors many more recent saints as "Fathers".


Brenda Holloway

Brenda Holloway (born 21 June 1946, California) is an American singer-songwriter. Her genre is R&B. She covered the songs "When I'm Gone", "You've Made Me so Very Happy" and many others. She worked for Motown Records in the 1960s.

Cessna Citation X

The Cessna Citation X is a twin-turbojet business jet designed and built in the United States. It can carry between eight and twelve passengers. It is a swept-wing aircraft built entirely of metal. Its first flight was in 1996.

Vought F7U Cutlass

The Vought F7U Cutlass is a navalized fighter aircraft that served in the U.S. Navy. It was used for the Cold War, from American aircraft carriers. None were sold to other countries. Some Vought F7U Cutlass were modified for aerial reconnaissance as "F7U-3P". It was used by the Blue Angels in 1953.

UTVA Model 75

The UTVA Model 75 is a training single-engine aircraft that was designed and built in Yugoslavia. It is also used as civilian sport light aircraft. Apart from former Yugoslavian countries, this aircraft was sold to Sudan.

Madylin Sweeten

Madylin Sweeten (June 27, 1991, Brownwood, Texas) is an American actress who performs on television. She played Ally Barone in the 1996-2005 television series "Everybody Loves Raymond".

Andrea Barber

Andrea Laura Barber (born July 3, 1976) is an American former child actress who acts mainly in TV. She played Kimmy Gibbler in the sitcom "Full House". Before that, she played Carrie Brady in the soap opera "Days of our Lives". Barber was born in Los Angeles.

Bridgette Andersen

Bridgette Andersen (July 11, 1975 - May 18, 1997) was an American actress. She acted mostly on television. She acted in "Family Ties" and "Remington Steele". She also did Pepsi commercials.

Andersen was born in Los Angeles.

Kary Mullis

Kary Banks Mullis (December 28, 1944 – August 7, 2019) was an American biochemist. In 1993, he shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Michael Smith for his role in discovering the development of the polymerase chain reaction (PCR).

The process of polymerase chain reaction (PCR) was first described by Kjell Kleppe and 1968 Nobel laureate H. Gobind Khorana. It allows specific DNA sequences to be amplified (multiplied hugely). Mullis greatly improved the technique, and it became a standard tool in DNA research.

In 1983, Mullis was working for Cetus Corp. as a chemist. That spring, according to Mullis, he was driving his vehicle late one night, when he had the idea to use a pair of primers to bracket the desired DNA sequence and to copy it using DNA polymerase. This would allow a small strand of DNA to be copied almost an infinite number of times. Cetus took Mullis off his usual projects to concentrate on PCR full-time. Mullis succeeded in demonstrating PCR on December 16, 1983.

Cetus paid him a mere $10,000 for the discovery but later sold it to Hoffmann-La Roche, owned by Roche Holding Ltd., for $300 million.

Mullis died on August 7, 2019 from pneumonia in Newport Beach, California at the age of 74.


Sulfonamide (medicine)

A Sulfonamide (or sulphonamide) is a kind of drug. It is a man-made antibiotic. Their ability to kill infectious bacteria is their main function, but some types have other medical uses. For example, sulfasalazine, in addition to its use as an antibiotic, is also used in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease.

Sulfonamides (sometimes called sulfa drugs or sulpha drugs) contain the sulfonamide chemical group. The best known of the antibiotic sulfonamide drugs is called Sulfanilimide.

In bacteria, antibacterial sulfonamides inhibit the enzyme DHPS. The enzyme makes folic acid, a B vitamin. The microorganism is "starved" of folate and dies.
Humans, unlike bacteria, get folate (vitamin B) through their diet.

Sulfonamide drugs were the first antimicrobial drugs. They paved the way for the antibiotic revolution in medicine. Experiments with the first sulfonamide began in 1932 in the laboratories of Bayer AG, at that time a component of the huge German chemical trust IG Farben. After years of fruitless trial-and-error work on hundreds of compounds, a team led by physician/researcher Gerhard Domagk finally found one that worked: a red dye synthesized by Bayer chemist Josef Klarer which had remarkable effects on stopping some bacterial infections in mice. The first official communication about the breakthrough discovery was not published until 1935, more than two years after the drug was patented by Klarer and his research partner Fritz Mietzsch.

"Prontosil", as Bayer named the new drug, was the first medicine ever discovered that could effectively treat a range of bacterial infections inside the body. It had a strong protective action against infections caused by streptococci, and a lesser effect on infections caused by other cocci. However, it had no effect at all in the test tube, exerting its antibacterial action only in live animals. Later, it was discovered that the drug was split into two pieces inside the body, releasing from the inactive dye a smaller, colourless, active compound called "sulfanilamide". The discovery dashed the corporation's dreams of enormous profit. The active molecule sulfanilamide (or sulfa) had first been synthesized in 1906 and was widely used in the dye-making industry; its patent had since expired and the drug was available to anyone.

The result was a sulfa craze. As the first and only effective antibiotic available in the years before penicillin, sulfa drugs continued to thrive through the early years of World War II. They are credited with saving the lives of tens of thousands of patients, including Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Jr. (son of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt) (in 1936) and Winston Churchill. Sulfa had a central role in preventing wound infections during the war. American soldiers were issued a first-aid kit containing sulfa pills and powder, and were told to sprinkle the powder on any open wound.

Many thousands of molecules containing the sulfanilamide structure have been created since its discovery (by one account, over 5,400 permutations by 1945). They have greater effectiveness and less toxicity. Sulfa drugs are still widely used for conditions such as acne and urinary tract infections. They are back in favour for use on infections caused by bacteria resistant to other antibiotics.

Sulfonamides are prepared by the reaction of a sulfonyl chloride with ammonia or an amine.

Ricardian model

The Ricardian model is a model used in economics, named after David Ricardo. It is an easy way to explain trade between two countries, and the resulting gains. The model only uses workforce productivity to explain differences in international trade. Comparative advantages result from the difference of a single economic factor, that is labor. Workforces in different countries have different levels of productivity, and the resulting opportunity costs are different. In this regard, Ricardo used the ideas of Adam Smith regarding Absolute advantage, and developed them further. The model is described in Ricardo's main work, On the Principles of Political Economy and Taxation, published in 1817.

Dealey Plaza

Dealey Plaza is a district in the West End of downtown Dallas, Texas. 

It is known for being the location where the assassination of John F. Kennedy took place on November 22, 1963. The plaza was named as a National Historic Landmark in 1993.

The former Texas School Book Depository building where both the Warren Commission and the House Select Committee on Assassinations concluded that Lee Harvey Oswald shot and killed President John F. Kennedy with a rifle. The plaza also contains a grassy knoll on the northwest side where the House Select Committee on Assassinations determined that there was "...a high probability” that there was a second assassin that also fired at the President, but missed him.

2001 (Dr. Dre album)

2001 is the second studio album by American rapper Dr. Dre. It was released on November 16, 1999 by Interscope Records. "2001" is the follow-up to Dr. Dre's first album "The Chronic" (1991). The album features several guest rappers such as Hittman, Snoop Dogg, Kurupt, Xzibit, Nate Dogg, and Eminem. "2001" has been certified sextuple platinum in sales by the RIAA after sales of six million copies in the United States.

Lake Havasu City

Lake Havasu City is a city in Mohave County, Arizona, United States. According to the 2020 census, the population of the city was 57,144. It is served by Lake Havasu City Airport. Lake Havasu City is geographically isolated from other cities in Mohave County.

According to the United States Census Bureau the city has a total area 46.39 square miles. Of that, 46.34 square miles is land and 0.05 square miles is water.

Lake Havasu City has an arid desert climate. In the winter months daytime highs usually hit the 63°F (17.2°C) to the 82°F (27.8°C) range. Lows in the winter are usually between 42°F (5.6°C) to 60°F (15.6°C) lows do sometimes hit below 40°F and one night below 32°F. The city has extremely hot summers with the high temperature remaining between 108°F (42.2°C) to 124°F (51.1°C) with the average July high temperature of 112°F (44.4°C). Overnight lows are between 80°F (26.7°C) to 96°F (35.6°C). The highest temperature in Lake Havasu City was 128°F (53.3°C) in June 26, 1994 and the lowest temperature was 25°F (-3.9°C) in December 24, 1990. 

Big Brother Canada

Big Brother is a Canadian reality television show. The show follows a group of people known as "HouseGuests". They are not allowed to contact anyone from outside the "Big Brother" house. They are under constant surveillance of cameras and microphones. They live in the house for a chance to win $100,000. Each week the HouseGuests will vote to evict one of the two nominees from the house until two remain. The winner is decided by the last seven evicted HouseGuests, known as the "Big Brother" Jury.

The show is based on the original Dutch language show "Big Brother", which was created in 1997 by John de Mol. The Canadian show is produced by Endemol USA and Insight Productions. Insight Productions had produced other Canadian versions of the popular television shows, "Canadian Idol" and "Canada's Got Talent".

In January 2013, Arisa Cox was named as the show's host. The first season aired on February 27, 2013 on Slice. On June 5, 2013, the show announced that it will return for a second season. The winner of the first season was Jillian MacLaughlin. The winner of the first season was Jillian MacLaughlin.

During the final vote Topaz Brady voted for Jillian McLaughlin instead of Gary Levy. She said that she mistakenly voted for Jillian. Topaz pleaded with show producers to allow her vote be changed. However, because of the rules she was not allowed to do so. Topaz's vote for Jillian helped her win "Big Brother". Gary was runner-up and said that he is happy for Jillian.



Big Brother Canada (season 1)

Big Brother 1 was the first season of the Canadian reality television game show, "Big Brother". It is based on the Dutch language show of the same name. The show is produced by Endemol USA and Insight Productions. "Big Brother 1" aired on Slice on February 27, 2013. It lasted for 71 days. The first season ended on May 2, 2013. Over 10,000 people applied to be on the show. Only fourteen HouseGuests were needed. However, because a lot of people tried out for the show, producers allowed fifteen people to enter the house. In January 2013, Arisa Cox was announced to be the host of the show.

Jillian McLaughlin was the winner of the first season. Gary Levy was the runner-up in a controversial finale vote of 4-3. Juror Emerald "Topaz" Brady voted for McLaughlin by mistake. She begged for producers so she can change her vote, which they did not allowed.

"Big Brother 1" was similar to that of the one featured in the US version. A group of people, known as "HouseGuests", compete to win the show. They vote each other off to be the last HouseGuest remaining. One HouseGuest, known as the Head of Household, must nominate two of their fellow HouseGuests for eviction. The winner of the Power of Veto has the ability to change the nominations. If they choose to do so, the HoH must nominate another HouseGuest. The HouseGuests then vote to evict one of the nominees. The HouseGuest with the most votes is removed from the show. There was a twist for this season. A phone was placed in the house, and the first person to answer would receive a secret task.

During the final vote Topaz Brady voted for Jillian McLaughlin instead of Gary Levy. She said that she mistakenly voted for Jillian. Topaz pleaded with show producers to allow her vote be changed. However, because of the rules she was not allowed to do so. Topaz's vote for Jillian helped her win "Big Brother". Gary was runner-up and said that he is happy for Jillian.



Big Brother Canada (season 2)

Big Brother 2 is the upcoming second season of the Canadian reality television game show "Big Brother". It will begin airing on Slice in 2014. The second season was announced on June 5, 2013.

Casting for "Big Brother 2" will begin soon.


Western (genre)

The Western is a genre of fiction. Western movies often include cowboys. The culture shown in westerns came from Texas, because then people living in the cattle industry began to thrive on the plains of Texas. Westerns tell stories that are set mostly in the second half of the 19th century in the American Old West, hence the name. There are also stories about Western-type characters set in other times. These include "Junior Bonner" (set in the 1970s) and "The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada" (set in the 21st century).

The genre has been popular since the beginning of the movie industry. One of the very first commercial movies was the 1903 silent western, "The Great Train Robbery".

There are Western movies, television programs, books, and other things. Here are some examples:



Moratuwa

Moratuwa is a large suburb of the city of Colombo, in Sri Lanka. It is 18 km south of the city centre. Moratuwa is surrounded on three sides by water, except in the north of the city, by the Indian Ocean on the west and the Bolgoda lake on the east. The 2001 census recorded a population of 177,190.

The University of Moratuwa is in the suburb. There is also a public library on Galle Road, which was opened in 1987. It was built using the funds raised by Moratuwa Municipal Council to the amount of Rupees 50 Lakhs and 15 laks by the Japanese Organization "World Expansion conservative". The library was built according to Japanese architecture.


Sylwia Grzeszczak

Sylwia Karolina Grzeszczak (born 7 April 1989) is a singer-songwriter and pianist from Poland.

President of South Africa

The President of the Republic of South Africa is the head of state and head of government under the Constitution of South Africa. From 1961 to 1994, the head of state was called the State President. 

The role as President of South Africa was originally founded to be different from being prime minister. The two roles were merged in the 1983 constitution which calls for a four-year term of office. The 1993 and later constitutions limit the president's time in office to two five-year terms. The first President to be elected under the new constitution was Nelson Mandela. The current president is Cyril Ramaphosa.



Thabo Mbeki

Thabo Mvuyelwa Mbeki
(born 18 June 1942) is a South African politician. He served nine years as the second President of South Africa from 14 June 1999 to 24 September 2008. 

On 9 July 2002, he became the first chairperson of African Union. On 20 September 2008, with about nine months left in his second term, Mbeki announced his resignation after being recalled by the African National Congress's National Executive Committee. That was after a meeting by Judge Nicholson for corruption. 

Mbeki was born on 18 June 1942 in Mbewuleni, Cape Province, Union of South Africa. He studied economics at the University of London and at the University of Sussex. Mbeki married his wife Zanele Dlamini at Farnham Castle in the United Kingdom in 1974.


Kgalema Motlanthe

Kgalema Petrus Motlanthe (born 19 July 1949) is a South African politician who was President of South Africa between 25 September 2008 and 9 May 2009. This happened following the resignation of Thabo Mbeki. After the end of his presidency, Motlanthe was appointed as the Deputy President of South Africa by his successor, current South African president Jacob Zuma. In March 2014, he announced his resignation to become a dean at ANC.

Motlanthe was born on 19 July 1949 in Boksburg, Transvaal Province, Union of South Africa.


Pike (weapon)

A pike is a kind of polearm. It is a very long heavy thrusting spear formerly used by infantry. A pike is not intended to be thrown. Pikes were used regularly in European warfare starting in the early Middle Ages. Until around 1700 pikes were used by foot soldiers in close order formations.
The pike was a long weapon that got longer over time. It could be as long as 20 feet (6 m). It had a wooden shaft with an iron or steel . It had metal along the sides for three feet (1m) behind the tip so it would not be cut off by a sword or axe.
When many pikes were used together they allowed for a great concentration of spearheads an enemy would have great difficulty getting through. The length also kept the soldier at a greater distance from the enemy. But the length also made pikes difficult to use in close combat. were usually arranged in a very tight formation several lines deep. The earliest of these were called a phalanx formation. It was used by the Macedonians under Philip II of Macedon. It was used by the armies of the Pharoahs in ancient Egypt. It was later used by the Swiss pike columns but this formation was probably based on the Scottish Schildrons. The armies of William Wallace and Robert the Bruce used it to great success against the heavy cavalry of kings Edward I of England and his son Edward II of England.

Doctor Who (series 6)

The sixth series of the television programme Doctor Who was shown in two parts. The first seven episodes were broadcast from April to June 2011, and the final six episodes from August to October. The series began with the episode "The Impossible Astronaut" and ended with "The Wedding of River Song". The main series was preceded by "A Christmas Carol", a special episode shown at Christmas in 2010. This was the sixth season to be shown on television since the programme was revived in 2005. It is the thirty-second season overall.

The series stars Matt Smith as the eleventh Doctor. The Doctor is an alien Time Lord who travels through time and space in his TARDIS. It also stars Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill as his companions, newlyweds Amy Pond and Rory Williams. Alex Kingston also returns as River Song, a woman from the Doctor's future who is revealed throughout the series to be Amy and Rory's daughter. The series continues some of the storylines from the fifth series.


Nelson, British Columbia

Nelson is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Nelson is in the Selkirk Mountains in the Southern Interior of British Columbia.

The population of Nelson was 10,230 in 2011. The mayor of Nelson is once again John Dooley after a loosing election. 

In 1867, the town had a boom in population when gold and silver were found in the area. Silver was also found at nearby Toad Mountain in 1886. This helped with the population boom and incorporated the town in 1897. Nelson was named after the Lieutenant-Governor of BC, Hugh Nelson. Many American draft dodgers during the Vietnam War settled in and around Nelson.

Historic Baker Street is in Nelson. Steve Martin filmed his 1987 movie "Roxanne" in Nelson which helped Nelson transform from a resource-based town to an arts and tourism town. Parts of the movie "Snow Falling on Cedars" and "The Tall Man" (2012 film) were shot in Nelson.

Many claim Nelson a hometown whether they have moved away long ago or have been living in the Queen City for many years.

Isolated from through fare as highways have evolved all around to bypass Nelson, Once a very Prominent, named Stanley.

A Facebook page "People of Nelson, BC" has grown in popularity for old memories, and "Nelson, B.C." for other attributes.


Timex Social Club

Timex Social Club was an American contemporary R&B group. It formed in 1982 in Berkeley, California. The group had several hit pop songs in the 1980s. The most notable one was "Rumors" in 1986. The group were forerunners of new jack swing movements that began during the mid 1980s.

Dental caries

The term dental caries refers to tooth decay or cavities in teeth. The decay comes from normal bacteria in your mouth. When you eat sugar, these bacteria create acid which create caivities in your teeth. Dental caries usually lead to substandard breath and bad taste. Personal hygiene caring consists of brushing,establishing good pH level by eating diary products like yogurt,cheese,etc. and flossing daily.

After the enamel, the strong outer layer of your teeth, and the dentin are destroyed, the cavity reaches the dental pulp and nerves of the tooth, the tooth becomes sensitive since the nerves are exposed. Cavity may infect the jaw and sometimes cause a tooth abscess. 

If carbohydrates (sugar) remain in your mouth for enough time, caries-causing bacteria may form a biofilm called plaque on the tooth surface and attack the tooth.

Tichina Arnold

Tichina Arnold (born June 28, 1969) is an American actress who stars primarily in television programs. She played Pamela James in the sitcom "Martin" and Rochelle in the television series "Everybody Hates Chris". Tichina was born in Queens, New York.

Times Square Ball

The Times Square Ball is a time ball (a ball dropped at a certain time) at the top of the One Times Square building in Times Square in New York City. It is used as part of the New Year's Eve celebration held yearly in Times Square.
Every year at 11:59 p.m. EST, the ball is lowered 141 feet (43 m) from a flagpole, reaching the bottom at midnight to signal the start of a new year. The first ball drop took place on December 31, 1907. It has been dropped every year since then (except in 1942 and 1943 because of World War II). The ball's design has been changed many times over the years. The current design has LED lighting and triangle-shaped crystal panels. Starting in 2009, the ball is shown in One Times Square throughout the year.

The Times Square ball drop is one of the best-known New Year's Eve celebrations in the world. Over one million people come to Times Square every year to see the ball drop. The ball drop is shown on several major television networks. The best known is ABC, which broadcasts "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve", hosted by Dick Clark until his death in 2012. Ryan Seacrest has hosted the show since 2005-06. In 1904 they organized an New Years Eve party at Times Square without the ball.


Emily VanCamp

Emily VanCamp (born May 12, 1986) is a Canadian actress. She is most known for her roles in the WB series "Everwood" as Amy Abbott, as Rebecca Harper in the ABC series "Brothers & Sisters", and as Emily Thorne/Amanda Clarke in the ABC series "Revenge".

She was born in Port Perry, Ontario, Canada. She began dancing at the age of 3, and she attended at the École supérieure de ballet du Québec in Montreal. 

Buzz Lightyear

Buzz Lightyear is one of the main characters in the "Toy Story" movies. He is the second main character in "Toy Story" and "Toy Story 3", 
the third main character in "Toy Story 2", the fourth main character in "Toy Story 4", and the main character in "Lightyear" as well as the spin-off animated movie and the television show based on it, called Buzz Lightyear of Star Command. He is a fictional space ranger officer. The character was named after the astronaut Buzz Aldrin. He is known for his valor in the Battle of the Bulge. 
He is voiced by actor Tim Allen in the films, "Toy Story Toons", "Toy Story Racer", "Toy Story 2: The Video Game", commercials and in "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins". Patrick Warburton voice's Buzz for the TV series, and Pat Fraley voiced him for a few video games and the attractions in Disney Parks. Mike MacRae currently voices Buzz in various Disney and Pixar video games. Buzz Lightyear is voiced by Chris Evans in Lightyear (movie).

Ion Predescu

Ion Predescu (2 October 1927 – 12 October 2020) was a Romanian lawyer and politician. From 2004 to 2013, he was a judge at the Constitutional Court of Romania. Between 1982 and 1986, he studied at The Law University at Bucharest. He was also a member of the Senate between 1990 to 2004.

Predescu died on 12 October 2020 at the age of 93.

Western saloon

A Western saloon is a type of bar that was popular during the Old West.

The very first saloon was created in Brown's Hole, Wyoming, in 1822 and served fur trappers. Some of the saloons offered dancing girls, some of them sometimes doubled as prostitutes. A lot of saloons offered poker, faro, brag, dice games, three-card monte, billiards, darts, and bowling. Some saloons included piano players, can-can girls, and theatrical skits. During his lifetime, Wyatt Earp owned and worked in many saloons.

Kaldor-Hicks efficiency

Kaldor–Hicks efficiency, named for Nicholas Kaldor and John Hicks, also known as Kaldor–Hicks criterion, is a measure of economic efficiency. It captures some of the intuitive appeal of Pareto efficiency, but has less stringent criteria. For this reason, it is applicable more often. Under Kaldor–Hicks efficiency, an outcome is considered more efficient if a Pareto optimal outcome can be reached by arranging sufficient compensation from those that are made better off to those that are made worse off so that all would end up no worse off than before.

Inferior good

In economics, an inferior good is a good that decreases in demand when the income of the consumer rises. People with little income might buy bread in the supermarket, but when their income increases, they buy their bread in the bakery instead. They did not buy from the bakery before, because the bread in the bakery is more expensive than the bread in the supermarket. 

Goods where the demand rises with the income are called "normal goods".

Normal good

In economics, a normal good is a good whose consumption rises when the income increases. As an example, people who earn more money, might go to the cinema more often. Tickets for the cinema are therefore a normal good.

A good where the consumption decreases when the income increases is called "inferior".

Marginal utility

Marginal utility is a concept from economics that describes the change in utility from consuming more or less of a good or service. Economists sometimes speak of a law of diminishing marginal utility, meaning that consuming the first unit usually has a higher utility than every other unit. When the number of units that are consumed increases, their marginal utility decreases.

The more we have a commodity or a service, the less we want to have more of it.

Veblen good

In economics, a Veblen good is a good whose preference and consumption increases with its price. This is against the Law of supply and demand. The goods are named after Thorstein Veblen, who first described the effect of conspicuous consumption in 1899. Veblen goods are often also positional goods.

Kragujevac

Kragujevac (Serbian: Крагујевац, "Kragujevac", ; Kragujevac was named after bird Kraguj) is a city in central Serbia. It is the fourth largest city in Serbia, main city of Šumadija and the administrative centre of Šumadija district. According to official results of 2011 census, the city is settled by 150,835 citizens, while area around the city is populated by 179,417 inhabitants.

Historically, Kragujevac was the first capital of free Serbia (from 1818 to 1839), and the first constitution ever proclaimed in Balkans was in this city on February 15, 1835 (state holiday).

In 1841, capital city of Serbia was changed from Kragujevac to Belgrade. Nowadays, Kragujevac is a big centre of automobile industry and weapons.

City is located 220 meters (220 ft) above sea level, with coordinates +44 ° 22 '; +20 ° 56', and it is in the valley of Lepenica river. The urban area of the city covers 835 km (322 sq mi), partially surrounded by mountains Rudnik, Crni Vrh and Gledić. City is characterized by hilly, mountainous surface. Kragujevac has highly developed transport infrastructure.

As of 2011 census, following population is there in Kragujevac:


The General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money

The General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money is the title of a book by John Maynard Keynes. The book is generally considered to be his masterpiece. It is largely credited with creating the terminology and shape of modern macroeconomics. Published in February 1936, it sought to bring about a revolution, commonly referred to as the "Keynesian Revolution", in the way economists thought – especially in relation to the proposition that a market economy tends naturally to restore itself to full employment after temporary shocks. Regarded widely as the cornerstone of Keynesian thought, the book challenged the established classical economics and introduced important concepts such as the consumption function, the multiplier, the marginal efficiency of capital, the principle of effective demand and liquidity preference.

Christmas tree (disambiguation)

A Christmas tree is a tree decorated for Christmas. It may also refer to:


Joan Caulfield

Joan Caulfield (June 1, 1922 - June 18, 1991) was an American former model and actress. She started acting during the early to mid 1940s. She was in the 1947 movie "The Unsuspected". She appeared mostly on television in her later life, including "Murder, She Wrote". Caulfield was born in New Jersey. She later moved to Los Angeles. She died from cancer of unknown primary origin at age sixty-nine.

Child development

Child development refers to biological, psychological and emotional changes that happen in humans between birth and the end of adolescence, at which time the individual goes from dependence to independence. The development is strongly influenced by genetic, mental, physical and social factors that may happen during the progression. Children develop at different levels. In particular, children having autism spectrum troubles or Down syndrome may have different development than usual or substandard motor development. Ideas about how children develop psychologically have changed over time. There are several important theories on how children develop.

During this time children were seen as separate than adults. Children under 7 or 8 were different than other people and treated as children. Even teenagers were not fully grown. Religious writings sometimes talked about children as evil and needing to be pure. They also sometimes talked about them as good and angels.

At the time of the Reformation, children were thought to be born evil. Adults thought children needed to be taught to be a person. Children had to wear tight and uncomfortable clothes. Raising a child was thought to be one of the most important things. Adults wanted children to use reason in learning.

In the time of the Enlightenment, people started to think differently about children and development. People respected children more and treated them better. Two important people had ideas about children during the Enlightenment. They were John Locke and Jean-Jacques Rousseau.

John Locke thought that children were born without any knowledge. He thought the mind is "tabula rasa", or blank slate. This means that the mind is like a blank piece of paper when someone is born. Children get knowledge in life and fill up the blank paper. Locke thought that the only way that children get knowledge is from doing different things in life and getting experience from those things. Locke’s ideas on how children get knowledge changed how people thought about children. His belief was that learning should be fun rather than a task. "Children [should be] free to be childish,” wrote Locke. Locke's ideas were opposed to church principles, strictly believing children should be reading fables and not religious texts. Children were seen in a better way and got more respect from adults. Locke wanted parents to spend more time with their children and help them learn. He thought that children’s development of knowledge needed parents to help children experience new things and teach about those things. Locke pushed nurture as the most important part of child development.

Jean Jacques Rousseau had a different idea than Locke on children. He thought that children are born knowing what is right and wrong. Rousseau did not think that children are “blank slates” as Locke did. He thought that children are “noble savages”. This is the idea that children are born good, but society can make them bad. Rousseau felt that adults should pay attention to children’s needs during their different stages of development.

Sigmund Freud was a neurologist an psychoanalyst who tried to help adults with their troubles. He talked with adults about when they were children and anything that happened during that time. Freud focused on the unconscious mind. This is the part of the mind that a person is not able to know about directly. Freud thought that the unconscious mind was important in how people think and feel. The way people think and feel can affect how they act. Freud’s ideas lead him to make his psychosexual theory. The psychosexual theory focuses on how a child’s wants are controlled in early years and the effect it has when the child becomes an adult.

Freud thought that each person’s personality is made of three parts. The parts are the id, ego, and super-ego. The three parts each have a purpose, but are almost never in agreement. The three parts not in agreement is what causes people to be unhappy and have problems.

When a baby is born, it only has basic needs. The baby needs to eat, sleep, and use the bathroom. These basic needs help the baby to live. These basic needs are what make up the id. The id only wants to take cause of these needs. The id wants the needs to be taken care of right away and not have to wait. Freud thought that young children are ruled by the id. The id does not know or care about right and wrong. It only wants to take care of its needs. This means that young children do not know about right and wrong. They only know what the id wants. Children will act on the wants of the id even when they should not. Children begin to learn that they cannot always get what they want when they want it. This causes the ego to form. The ego “is ruled by the reality principle”. This means that it knows what can really happen in the world. The ego knows if the id can get what it wants by looking at if the want can be filled. When the id’s needs cannot be taken care of, the ego controls the id and its wants. Children that have the ego formed can control their basic needs and their actions. When the ego is formed, children gain a sense of self by controlling their needs. The superego is formed by children working with their parents and others in society. The superego acts as a rule follower. It allows the child to know what is right and wrong by what society’s rules on right and wrong are. Guilt is the primary way that the superego tells children the rules of what is right and wrong.

Freud thought that children went through five psychosexual stages of development. In the stages children have to fix problems between needs and what society wants. Fixing these problems allows children to do well as adults. Problems that adults get have to do with the stage where they had trouble with. The five stages are : oral, anal, phallic, latency, and genital. The oral stage begins at birth and has to do with the baby’s suckling needs. The anal stage is the second and is from 1-3 year olds. It has to do with holding and letting go of urine and feces. The third stage, the phallic stage is from 3-6 year olds and has to do with the genital region. Freud thought that this stage is one of the most important stages to fix problems in. If a child does not fix the problems, he or she can develop either the Oedipus complex (for boys) or the Electra complex (for girls). These problems come from love either a boy’s love for his mother or a girl’s love for her father. To stop problems the boy or girl take up the values of their father (for boys) or mother (for girls). The fourth stage of the psychosexual stages is the latency stage and it occurs from 6-11 year olds. In this stage the superego grows the most and children get values from society. The last stage is the genital stage and lasts through adolescence. In this stage children start to like others and form heterosexual relationships.

Freud’s theory of child development is important because it was the first to point out the importance of parent-child relationships.

Erik Erikson was a follower of Freud’s ideas and started his own theory using Freud’s ideas. Erikson’s theory is called the psychosocial theory of child development. Erikson used Freud’s idea of the id, ego, and superego and his stages of development to build his own theory. Erikson thought that the ego was “of the utmost importance”. The ego was important because it lets children become an individual and add to society. Erikson added more stages to his theory than Freud did, and some of his stages are similar to Freud’s. Erikson ended up with eight stages in his theory. Every stage has a problem between two different feelings. A child's personality is shaped by how they fix each problem.

Erkison's stages

Erikson’s stages are important because they looked at society and culture and how they affect personality. Freud only focused on sexuality. Erkison's stages are also show how personality is shaped as children grow.

Erikson's vs Freud's Stages

John Watson did not like the psychoanalytic theories of Freud and Erikson. Watson chose to look at behavior of people to understand how children develop. His ideas fall under the concept of behaviorism. Watson was “inspired by Pavlov’s studies of animal learning”. Pavlov’s studies focused on classical conditioning. Classical conditioning is when an animal or person learns to react to stimulus, a thing that will cause a reaction. Watson thought that children could be taught using this way. Watson decided to test his theory by doing an experiment using a nine-month old baby, Little Albert.

Watson started his experiment by testing if Albert was scared of anything. Watson wanted to see if Albert was scared of a white rat. Like most babies Albert was not scared of the white rat. Watson wanted to test if he could make Albert scared using classical conditioning. Watson discovered that Albert was scared of the sound of a hammer hitting a steel gong with a hammer. When Albert was eleven-months old,Watson went on with the experiment. Albert was given the white rat. A few seconds later, Watson made the hammer hit the gong. Albert cried when this happened. This was done seven times. After the seven times, Albert would cry when he saw the white rat. Little Albert also became scared of other things, called generalization. These things had a similarity to the white rat. They were a rabbit, a dog, a fur coat, a Santa Claus mask, and Watson's hair. Watson's experiment was important because he was able to teach Albert to be scared of something.

Watson showed that children can be taught through classical conditioning. After the experiment, Watson thought that children are affected by the environment.

Albert Bandura felt that children learn by watching others in society. After watching, children then copy what was done. His theory is called social learning theory. The copying that children perform is called modeling. The person that children copy is called the model. Bandura thought there are four conditions needed for modeling to happen. 
Children are likely to model behavior if the model is of the same-sex. A girl child will copy a woman model better than a man. This is because the child wants to act like people she is like. Also, Children are more likely to model behavior if the behavior gets positive reactions from adults. When children are praised they will keep doing the behavior. They do this because they want to get more praise. A child will not always get praise for their behaviors. Instead they might get punishment. If a child gets punishment for a behavior they will not model it. A child can also chose to model behavior or not by watching what happens to the model. If the model gets punishment the child will not model the behavior. This is because the child does not want to get punishment. Bandura did an experiment to test his ideas. The experiment is known as the Bobo Doll Experiment.

Bandura took 36 boys and 36 girls for his experiment. The children were between 3 and 6 years old. He also used one man and one woman model. Bandura wanted to see if the children would model aggressive, or mean, behavior. Bandura broke the children into eight groups of 6 and one group of 24. The groups were made by breaking half of the children into an aggressive group and half into one that was not. The two groups were both broken in half again by boys and girls. Bandura then split the girls into two groups. One group had the woman model and the other had the man model. He did the same with the boys. The group of 24 had no model. 
The children were put in a play room with the model. The children were told to sit on a chair and the model went to the other side of the room. The children that were in aggressive groups saw the model go up the a Bobo doll in the room and play with it. The model spent most of the time being aggressive to the doll. The children that were not in the aggressive group saw the model play with tinker toys and not pay attention to the Bobo doll. The model then left the room. The children were allowed to play with the toys in the room. Some of the toys let the children play and be aggressive. The children were watched how they played with the toys. Children who saw the aggressive model played aggressively with the toys. The children who had a model who was not aggressive played nicer. The children played nice because they did not watch the aggressive model to copy the behavior. Bandura's experiment showed that children can learn behavior from adults by watching the adult's behavior.

Jean Piaget started his theory on child development when he questioned the way children think. He thought that infants and children had different understandings than adults. Piaget focused on the cognitive development of children instead of adults. Cognitive development is studying how adults and children think and learn. Piaget’s work helped to develop new ways of education and programs of discovery learning. Piaget’s theory of cognitive development has three main parts:

Piaget thought children had and made schemas as they developed. Schemas are ways of making sense of experience. A schema is a picture of something in a child’s mind. The picture is normally of how different things happen in the world. The picture helps the child understand and behave in the world. An example of a schema would be a child’s schema for being in a classroom. The child’s picture would have things like students sitting in chairs at desks. A teacher is in the front of the class teaching. This schema helps the child know how to act and know what might happen in the classroom.

Piaget thought that the first schemas have to do with the child’s reaction to the world. Piaget thought that babies are born with some schemas without learning them. These schemas are sensorimotor actions. The schemas are very simple. Schemas get more complex as the child gets older. The child starts to think before acting. When the child does this, it uses mental representations, or pictures in the mind that are representative of different things. The mental representations can be changed in the mind into new ideas. Piaget thought that the two most powerful mental representations are images and concepts. Images are pictures in the mind of objects, people and spaces. Concepts put the images together in different groups. Schemas can be changed and made from putting together and changing images and concepts in the child’s mind.

Piaget thought that a child’s mind changes to better fit with the world through adaption. Children use adaptation by changing schemas to fit the world. Piaget thought that adaptation has two parts: assimilation and accommodation. In assimilation children use the schemes they have to understand the world. Children’s schemes do not always right. When a child has a schema that is not right, they have to change it. This is called accommodation. In accommodation new schemes are made or old ones are changed. The changes must take place so the child can better understand the world. Piaget thought there is a balance between assimilation and accommodation. He called the balance cognitive equilibrium. When a child’s schemes fit their understanding of the world then the child is in equilibrium. When the schemes do not fit the child is in disequilibrium. Piaget called the moving between equilibrium and disequilibrium equilibration.

Piaget broke his stages of cognitive development of children into four stages. The stages always go in the same order. The stages also happen to children everywhere. At each stage there are key details that happen in that stage. 
The sensorimotor stage is the first stage of Piaget’s theory. In this stage, babies “think” with their eyes, ear, and hands. Children in this stage learn about the world through their senses. Piaget thought that children in this stage learn by doing the same acts over and over. These acts come from their sense experience. Piaget called this circular reaction. There are two main kinds of circular reaction: primary and secondary. One month olds use primary circular reaction. In primary circular reaction children do acts that have to do with their basic needs, like eating. Four to eight month olds use secondary circular reaction. Secondary circular reaction happens when children try to make events happen with their acts. Secondary circular reaction in children helps to control their own behavior. Eight to twelve month olds can control their behavior. In the sensorimotor stage, children gain object permanence. This happens between 8 and 12 months. Object permanence is knowing that a thing is still in existence even if the child cannot see it. Object permanence is seen in children eight to twelve months old. Object permanence can be seen in Piaget’s object hiding task. In the task a toy is hidden under a blanket. If the baby can find the toy than the baby has learned object permanence.

Preoperational StageThe preoperational stage has a large change in representative thought in the mind. In this stage children can use symbols to represent their knowledge. Children also learn language in the preoperational stage. Piaget did not think language was that important for cognitive development. He thought that children use words to explain the pictures of experience in their mind. In the preoperational stage, children have egocentricism. Egocentricism is when children cannot tell the difference between their view point and someone else’s. Piaget used the three mountains problem to show egocentricism. In the problem a doll is placed on one side of a group of mountains. A child is placed on a different side. The child is asked to tell what the doll sees. A child who has egocentricism tells what he or she sees and not what the doll sees. 
This is for the simple wiki page on child development.

In the concrete operational stage children’s thought becomes more logical. Logical thought uses reason when thinking. Children are able to understand changes between things that are in front of them. They still have a hard time with things that they have to imagine. Children in the concrete operational stage can place items in different arrangements. They understand that things can be placed into more than one group at a time. Children in the concrete operational stage can also put things in order of qualities like length and weight. The understanding of conservation happens in the concrete operational stage. Children who understand conservation know that changing a things shape or container does not change how much is there. For example, in conservation of liquid children know that the amount of liquid does not change if it is put in a different glass.

In the formal operational stage, children are able to think about abstract ideas. The abstract ideas are ones that are within the child’s mind and not in front of them in the world. In this stage, children can come up with rules about how things can happen without needing concrete items. Piaget believed that there were two main parts of the formal operational stage: hypothetico-deductive reasoning and propositional thought. In hyothetico-deductive reasoning children are able to guess the outcome of a problem. They are able to do this by making guesses that can be tested in an experiment. By testing the guesses they learn if their guess was right and if not why it was not. In propositional thought children are able to understand if spoken statements are true. They are able to do so without needing to see an example of those statements.

Lev Vygotsky built his theory of child development on the importance of three things. Vygotsky thought that children’s development was formed from mainly social and cultural interactions. Interactions occur when two or more people talk and/or work together. Vygotsky thought that culture has a big effect on how cognitive growth develops. Vygotsky also focused on language. He felt language was very important for changing how a child thinks.

Vygotsky thought that child development during the first two years have to do with direct connection with the world. After the two years language changes the way a child thinks. Language is important because it is how adults pass on ideas to children. Vygotsky felt that growth of language leads to a huge change in how children think because they can communicate ideas with others. Children talk to both others and themselves. Vygotsky thought that children talking to themselves was very important for development. He thought that children talk to themselves to help guide their thoughts. He called talk directed at the self, private speech. Private speech is used when a job is hard, after an error is made, or when the child is unsure of what to do. Children that use private speech are more attentive and involved in the job they are doing. Also children who have trouble learning use private speech more. This is to help them understand what they are learning.

Vygotsky thought that important learning comes from working with adults or more skilled peers. These helpers can help the child to find out how to do different jobs. Vygotsky thought that there is a range of difficulty that a job needs to be in. If the job is in the range than a child can learn best. Vygotsky called this range the zone of proximal development. The zone of proximal development has jobs that are to hard to do alone but are able to be done with help. The help would come from a helper.

When the helper works with the child social interactions occur. Vygotsky thought that there are two important parts of social interaction: intersubjectivity and scaffolding. Intersubjectivity happens when two people start with different understandings. The two people interact with each other. By interacting, the two people get to the same understanding. Scaffolding happens when a teacher is helping a child. The teacher will change how much they help based on the child’s work level. The teacher will help more if the child needs it. The teacher will also help less if the child does not need help. Over time, the teacher lets the child work alone. When the child works alone he or she puts the conversation into his or her private speech. The private speech is then used to help the child do the problem.

Priscilla Lane

Priscilla Lane (June 12, 1915 - April 4, 1995) was an American actress. She acted mostly in movies. She played a heroine in "The Roaring Twenties" (1939). She played a bride in the movie "Arsenic and Old Lace".

Lane was born in Indianola, Iowa.

The Emotions

The Emotions is an all female American R&B group who are well known for their hit single "Best of My Love". This group is from Chicago. It was formed around 1968. It was very popular in the 1970s. Its music has been sampled by several musicians and recording artists.

Cheryl Lynn

Cheryl Lynn (11 March 1957) is an American R&B, disco and pop singer who was most popular in the late 1970s to early 1980s. She is famous for her popular single "Got to be Real". Cheryl Lynn was born in Los Angeles.

Z3

The Z3 was an electromechanical computer designed by Konrad Zuse. It was the world's first working programmable, fully automatic digital computer. The Z3 was built with 2000 relays, with a 22 bit word length that operated at a clock frequency of about 5–10 Hz. Program code and data were stored on punched film.

The Z3 was completed in Berlin in 1941. The German Aircraft Research Institute used it to perform statistical analyses of wing flutter. Zuse asked the German government for funding to replace the relays with fully electronic switches, but funding was denied during World War II since such development was deemed "not war-important". The original Z3 was destroyed in 1943 during an Allied bombardment of Berlin. A fully functioning replica was built in the 1960s by Zuse's company, Zuse KG, and is on permanent display in the Deutsches Museum. The Z3 was Turing-complete.

Because of this machine and its predecessors, Konrad Zuse is often regarded as the "inventor of the computer".

Barnum's American Museum

Barnum's American Museum was a museum in New York City at Broadway and Ann Street. It was a collection of natural history curios originally stored in City Hall at the end of the 18th century.

John Scudder acquired the collection and opened the museum about 1800. P. T. Barnum bought the museum about 1830 and replaced the tired displays with more exciting live fare such as General Tom Thumb, Commodore Nutt, and the "Siamese Twins", Chang and Eng.

In 1865, the building was destroyed in a fire. Barnum rebuilt at another location, but that building burned to the ground in 1868. The museum never reopened.


Amniocentesis

Amniocentesis is the name of a medical test that is often performed when screening babies. The test consist of taking a little Amniotic fluid, and testing this fluid. This fluid contains tissue of the embryo or fetus, and allows to determine the sex. It also allows to find certain birth defects.

Karyn Parsons

Karyn Parsons (born October 8, 1966) is an American actress. She performs in television and movies. She was in "Class Act" in 1992. She also had the role of Hilary Banks in "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air". Parsons was born in Los Angeles.

Keds

Keds is an American brand of canvas shoe. It has rubber soles. It was established around 1916. The shoes became very popular from the 1960s to the 1980s. They waned in popularity in the 1990s. They became very popular again in the 2000s and 2010s. Keds usually manufactures sneakers. The shoes were worn by participants of Kids Incorporated and on other television shows.

Schlieffen Plan

The Schlieffen Plan was a strategic plan made by Count Alfred Graf von Schlieffen (Born ; 28 February 1833 : Berlin, Brandenburg, Prussia, German Confederation-Died ; 4 January 1913 : Berlin, Brandenburg, Prussia, Germany) who worked for the German navy . It was made for the army of the German Empire in 1905. It was designed for a war between France on one side and the German Empire, Austria-Hungary, and Italy on the other. Germany and their allies would invade France through Belgium, instead of directly attacking. With help from allies, Germany would have just enough men to beat France in a few months. Alfred Graf Von Schliffen worked for the Prussian Army from 1853-1871 in the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 and the Franco-Prussian War from 1870-1871 during the Unification of Germany . He later worked in the Imperial German Army from 1871-1906 and was chief from 1891-1906 he died in 1913 aged 79 .

When Schlieffen retired in 1906, and the WW1 came up 9 years later, in August 1914, the German officers and tactic leaders dug up the plan that Schlieffen had made and thought that the plan would work like it would in Schlieffen's hypothetical war. However, the plan didn't work, because the plan was outdated and things had changed a lot within the decade.

Even though he did not have enough men to beat France, Moltke still attacked France through Belgium. He did this because he thought attacking was always better than defending. Moltke was sure that the Russo-Japanese War proved this because Japan always attacked, and Japan won.

Schlieffen believed that defending was usually better than attacking. Schlieffen said that a defender's men can ride trains to a place faster than an attacker's men can walk there. This meant that the defender would always have enough men to stop the attacker. Schlieffen also said that trenches, machine guns, and barbed wire would help the defender a lot. Schlieffen was right. In WWI, defense was always better until attackers used lots of artillery to help their infantry.

A similar idea to the Schlieffen Plan was used by Hitler's generals Erich Von Manstein and Heinz Guderian in World War II. In that war, Germany invaded France by attacking Belgium and The Netherlands. Because in the Schlieffen Plan Germany attacked mostly through northern Belgium, France thought Germany would do this again. France put most of her soldiers in north Belgium. But Germany invaded mostly through "South" Belgium. German troops marched to the sea and trapped half of the French Army in northern Belgium. Because the trapped French troops were starving and could not get any more food, they surrendered. France tried to continue fighting but was too weak to resist and surrendered.

Melissa Sue Anderson

Melissa Sue Anderson (born September 26, 1962) is an American actress. She performs in television series and movies. In "Little House on the Prairie", she played Mary Ingalls. In the cult classic horror movie "Happy Birthday to Me", she played Ginny. Anderson was born in Berkeley, California.

Mika Boorem

Mika Sue Boorem (born August 18, 1987) is an American actress. She acts in both movies and television. She was in "Carolina" (2003) and "Blue Crush" in 2002. 

Boorem was born in Tucson, Arizona.

Danielle Brisebois

Danielle Brisebois (born June 28, 1969) is an American record producer, singer and actress who acted mostly in sitcoms.

Danielle was born in Brooklyn, New York.
She played Stephanie Mills in both "All in the Family" and "Archie Bunker's Place". She also collaborated on certain hit singles performed by Natasha Bedingfield.

She was nominated for an Academy Award, for the song "Lost Stars."

Dolores Costello

Dolores Costello (September 17, 1903 – March 1, 1979) was an American actress. She worked during the silent movie era. She was in movies such as "The Telephone" and "A Midsummer Night's Dream". She was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Charlie Kunz

Charles "Charlie" Kunz (August 18, 1896 – March 16, 1958) was a British musician, who became well-known and liked during the British dance band era. He played in nightclubs where people would come to ballroom dance. He had a rhythmic, relaxed style and played popular music with his own way of expressing feeling and moods.

Kunz was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania in 1896. His father was a master baker who also played the French horn. Young Charlie began to play in front of an audience as an amateur when he was only six years old. When he was seven, he had become good enough to play as a professional pianist.

He came to England in 1922 with a small dance band that was led by the drummer, Ed Krick. Kunz liked London so well that he did not want to leave, so that band returned without him to Pennsylvania. In England, he soon became such a popular pianist that he gave up his own orchestra to just work at his piano playing. He played at ballroom and nightclub venues and also on the BBC radio. Two of Britain's most famous female vocalists were with his band in the 1930s; Vera Lynn and Welsh songstress Dorothy Squires. His best known singer was George Barclay, who was known as a crooner, a popular singing style at that time.
His first time playing as a soloist came in 1934 at the Holborn Empire. In that same year, he began to record the first of many solo records of "Charlie Kunz Medleys". His most famous song was "Clap Hands, Here Comes Charlie". Each time he performed, his closing theme was "Pink Elephants".

He was married three times. He had one child with his first wife, Amanda Dysher. She later died. In 1923, he married again Eva Dorothy "Nin" Lloyd, who was a fashion model. They had two sons. They were married until 1939. His third wife was Pat Sparkes, whom he married in 1942. They were still married when he died. 
He kept living in England until his death from a heart attack in 1958. He is buried in Streatham Vale Cemetery.


To Hell with the Devil

To Hell With The Devil is the third album by the Christian glam metal band Stryper. It was released in 1986. The album was listed in the book The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music by CCM Magazine. The album was nominated for Best Gospel Performance - Duo, Group, Choir Or Chorus at the Grammy Awards but lost to Mylon and Broken Heart's "Crack the Sky".

Erin Moran

Erin Moran (October 18, 1960 – April 22, 2017) was an American actress She worked mostly in television. She played Joanie Cunningham in the sitcom "Happy Days". Moran was born in Burbank, California.

Moran died on April 22, 2017 at her mother-in-law's trailer in New Salisbury, Indiana from complications of Squamous cell carcinoma (rare skin cancer) found in the throat at the age of 56.


Margaret O'Brien

Margaret O'Brien (born January 15, 1937) is an American movie, stage and television actress who began acting as a child. She became famous through the movie "Journey for Margaret" (1942). She also played a French girl in the movie version of "Jane Eyre" in 1944. O'Brien was born in San Diego, California.

Mackenzie Phillips

Mackenzie Phillips (November 10, 1959) is an American actress and musician who began acting when still a child. She starred as Carol Morrison in "American Graffiti" and Julie in the sitcom "One Day at a Time". Phillips was born in Alexandria, Virginia, though raised in California.

Laurentia

Laurentia is a large continental craton. It forms the ancient geological core of the North American continent. 

Originally, it included the core of Greenland and the northwestern part of Scotland, known as the Hebridean Terrane. Laurentia is also called the North American Craton. It is a modern geological feature, and it is also a very ancient geological core made of igneous rock. It is nearly four billion years old.

At times in the past, Laurentia has been part of larger continents and supercontinents. It is an assembly of smaller tectonic plates which merged early in the Archaean era. As the plates moved together, a huge range of mountains formed. Much later, in the Proterozoic era, small plates and oceanic islands collided with and fused with the ever-growing Laurentia. Together they made the huge, stable craton we see today as the north and center of North America and the west of Greenland. 

Over a billion years ago, the Grenville Orogeny in the Canadian Shield made jagged peaks, higher than any of today's mountains. Millions of years of erosion have changed these mountains to rolling hills.

The remaining, western, part of North America was added much later, after Pangaea split up, and the Americas moved west from Eurasia and Gondwana.

The craton is named after the Laurentian Mountains, a range to the north of the St. Lawrence River.

The cratonic rocks are metamorphic and igneous, while the overlying sedimentary rocks are composed mostly of limestones, sandstones, and shales. These sedimentary rocks were deposited from 650 to 290 million years ago. In eastern and central Canada, much of the stable craton is exposed at the surface.

The southwestern portion of Laurentia consists of Precambrian basement rocks deformed by continental collisions (violet area of the image above). This area has been subjected to considerable rifting as the Basin and Range Province and has been stretched up to 100% of its original width. The area has a history of major volcanic eruptions.

Scarlett Pomers

Scarlett Pomers (born November 28, 1988) is an American former child actress. She is also a singer and songwriter. She played Shanna Jensen in the movie "Erin Brockovich" and Naomi Wildman in "". She also played Kyra in the sitcom "Reba".

While acting for the show "Reba", Pomers had an eating disorder.

Pomers was born near Riverside, California.

Kim Richards

Kimberly Erica Richards (born September 19, 1964) is an American actress and television personality. She began her career as a child actress in "Nanny and the Professor", "Escape to Witch Mountain" and "Return from Witch Mountain". Richards appeared as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" from 2010 until 2015; returning for guest appearances in subsequent seasons.

Kimberly Erica Richards was born in Mineola, New York on September 19, 1964, as the elder of two daughters to businessman and retired lieutenant colonel Ken Richards, and casting director Kathleen Richards. Her younger sister is Kyle Richards, an actress. She has an older maternal half-sister, Kathy Hilton, and three older paternal half-siblings, all of whom are deceased. She is of Welsh and Irish ancestry.

Richards' career began as a child actress when she was months old, she appeared in a TV commercial for Firth Carpet. She starred as Prudence Everett in the sitcom "Nanny and the Professor" from 1971 to 1972. She appeared in the short-lived sitcom "Hello, Larry". She appeared as a guest on numerous American television show's including "Little House on the Prairie" as Olga Nordstrom. Richards starred in several Disney movies including "Escape to Witch Mountain" and "Return from Witch Mountain". She also made a cameo appearance in "Race to Witch Mountain". She appeared in "Tuff Turf" (1985) as a young adult. She co-produced the film "Escape", along with her then-husband Monty Brinson, in 1990.

Richards debuted as a main cast member on the first season of the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" in October 2010. She stepped down from the main cast after the fifth season, and appeared in a guest capacity for the sixth, seventh, ninth, 10th and 13th seasons.

Richards had her first breast augmentation in 1990, after being talked into it by her then boyfriend. She had a lumpectomy to remove a benign tumor in 2003. She had a biopsy in 2019. She had both her breast implants removed in 2020, after one deflated.

Richards is a certified reiki practitioner.

Richards married supermarket-franchise heir Monty Brinson at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills on July 27, 1985. Their only child, Brooke Brinson, was born seven months later. Their divorce was finalized in 1988. They divorced amicably, remaining close friends. Richards helped care for Brinson during his struggle with lung cancer. Richards has three grandchildren through Brooke.

Richards married businessman Gregg Davis, the son of petroleum mogul Marvin Davis and his wife Barbara Davis, in 1988. They have two children together: Whitney Nicole Davis (born March 16, 1990) and Chad Austin Davis (born May 26, 1991). Richards and Davis divorced in 1991.

Richards dated commodities salesman John J. Collett, following her separation from Davis. Collett was murdered outside Brent's Deli in Northridge on October 28, 1991, while speaking with Richards on the phone. She spoke about Collett's murder on an episode of "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Richards was in a relationship with aircraft-parts supplier John Jackson from 1992 to 1996. Their only child, Kimberly Collette Jackson, was born on August 23, 1995.

Richards was in a relationship with businessman Wynn Katz from 2012 to 2018. The couple appeared together on We TV's "Marriage Boot Camp" in 2018, splitting after their appearance on the show.

Richards has previously been in a relationship with television personality and 45th President of the United States, Donald Trump.

Richard Hilton, a member of the Hilton family, has been her brother-in-law since 1979; her nieces and nephews are Paris, Nicky, Barron, and Conrad. Mauricio Umansky has been her brother-in-law since 1996; her nieces are Alexia, Sophia and Portia. Farrah is also her niece.

Thayer Wiederhorn is her son-in-law through his marriage to Brooke.

Richards was arrested and charged with trespassing, public intoxication, resisting an officer, and battery on a police officer at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 15, 2015. She spent the night in Los Angeles County Jail and was released the next morning on bail of US$20,000.

Richards was again arrested for allegedly shoplifting at a San Fernando Valley Target department store, four months later, on August 2, 2015. She was booked into the Van Nuys jail and was released the next day after posting bail of US$5,000.

The Help (movie)

The Help is a 2011 American drama movie based on Kathryn Stockett's novel and directed by Tate Taylor. It stars Emma Stone, Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, Bryce Dallas Howard and Jessica Chastain.

The young Skeeter (Emma Stone) returns to her hometown. She has finished her study at the University of Mississippi and now she wants to be a novelist. She begins to interview African-American women who are housemaids working for white people. She writes a book about the lives of the housemaids. First of all, the housemaids are against an interview. However, after an incident, many housemaids tell about their lives. Each shift begins with a whisper, but the voices get louder and many people have many things to tell.

"The Help" won an Oscar and a Golden Globe for Octavia Spencer in the category best actress in a supporting role. Viola Davis was nominated for an Oscar in the category best actress in a leading role.

House of Fieschi

The House of Fieschi were a noble merchant family from Genoa, Italy. The family was very influential in papal politics in medieval Italy. They held the fief of Lavagna under the Holy Roman Emperors. They had a close relationship with the Angevin kings of Sicily. Later they also established links with French kings. The Fieschi family produced two popes and 72 cardinals.



Mvezo

Mvezo is a small village in Umtata (now Mthatha). It is by the Mbashe River in the Eastern Cape of South Africa. The village is known as being the birthplace of former South African president Nelson Mandela. Mandela was born in Mvezo on July 18, 1918.

Mthatha

Mthatha (formerly Umtata), is the main town in Eastern Cape province of South Africa. The town has an airport, last known by the name K. D. Matanzima Airport. after former leader Kaiser Matanzima. 

Former South African president Nelson Mandela was born in Mvezo (a village in Mthatha). On 2 March 2004 Umtata was officially renamed to its current name Mthatha. Walter Sisulu, Bantu Holomisa, Yamkela Mhlana and Buyisiwe Yonela Mhlana , as well as Ndima Mhlana were also born in Mthatha.


Invictus (movie)

Invictus is a 2009 biographical sports drama movie. It was directed by Clint Eastwood and stars Morgan Freeman and Matt Damon. Movie critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 3½ stars out of 4.

The movie was about South African president Nelson Mandela during the 1995 Rugby World Cup. It was released on December 11, 2009. Freeman and Damon both received Academy Award nominations for their role in the movie.


House of Tusculum

The House of Tusculum were a powerful noble family of Latium, Italy. They were the Counts of Tusculum between the 10th and 12th centuries. Several popes and an antipope during the 11th century came from their family. The counts of Tusculum were influential figures in Roman politics and religion for more than a century.
This list is partially incomplete in the 10th century. The chronology and dates are often uncertain. They were only counts from about 1013. Before this, they were lords.


Those who were also counts are listed in boldface.

Two of the Tusculum clerics are today known as antipopes:

Nelson Mandela Park

The Nelson Mandela Park is a public park in Leicester, England. It is located just inside the city centre near Leicester Prison and the Leicester Tigers' Stadium. The park was named in honor of South African president Nelson Mandela.

House of Borgia

The Borgia family (also Borja, Borjia or Borges) were a noble family during the Renaissance in Italy. They were from Valencia, the name coming from the family fief of Borja, then in the kingdom of Aragon, in Spain.

The Borgias became influential in religion and politics in the 15th and 16th centuries. Two popes came from this family during this time: Alfons de Borja who ruled as Pope Callixtus III during 1455–1458 and Rodrigo Lanzol Borgia, as Pope Alexander VI, during 1492–1503.

During the reign of Alexander VI, the Borgias were suspected of many crimes, including adultery, simony, theft, rape, bribery, incest, and murder. They became enemies of the Medici, the Sforza, and the Dominican friar Savonarola, among others. Today they are remembered for their corrupt rule. The name has become a synonym for libertinism, nepotism and treachery.


Della Rovere

The Della Rovere family (; literally "of the oak tree") was a noble family of Urbino in central Italy. They originally came from Savona, Liguria. The family rose to nobility through nepotism and ambitious marriages. These marriages were arranged by two Della Rovere popes, Francesco della Rovere (Pope Sixtus IV, 1471–1484) and his nephew Giuliano (Pope Julius II, 1503–1513). Pope Sixtus IV is known for having built the Sistine Chapel, which is named for him. The Basilica San Pietro in Vincoli in Rome is the family church of the della Rovere. Vittoria della Rovere was a member of the family and was one of the last Grand Duchesses of Tuscany. 



House of Orsini

The House of Orsini is an Italian noble family. It was one of the most influential princely families in Italy during the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. Three popes belonged to the Orsini family: Celestine III (1191–1198, born Gicinto Bobone), Nicholas III (1277–1280, born Giovanni Gaetani Orsini), and Benedict XIII (1724–1730, born Pietro Francesco Orsini). The Orsini family also produced 34 Cardinals of the Roman Church and many other important political and religious people.


Conti di Segni

The Conti di Segni ("de Comitibus Signie", also known as "Conti" or "De Comitibus" for short) were an important noble family of medieval and early modern Italy. They came from Segni, Lazio. Many members of the family served as military commanders or religious leaders, including many cardinals and four popes.

The family began with Trasimondo, the father of Lotario Conti, who became Pope Innocent III in 1198. He ruled until 1216. The second Conti pope was Ugolino (1227-1241), as Gregory IX. The third pope to come from the Conti family was Rinaldo, as Alexander IV (r. 1254-1261). Later, in the early modern period, Michelangelo Conti reigned as Pope Innocent XIII from 1721 to 1724.

Torquato Conti (1591–1636) served as a General-Field Marshal of the Holy Roman Empire during the Thirty Years' War. His cruelty earned him the nickname "The Devil".

The family eventually became divided into many branches. The two main branches were the counts of Segni and Valmontone, and the dukes of Poli and Guadagnolo.

Snickers

Snickers is a chocolate bar made by Mars, Incorporated. It is nougat topped with caramel and peanuts, coated in milk chocolate. It was introduced in 1930. It has had sales of over $2 Billion around the world.

In the United Kingdom, Isle of Man, and Ireland, Snickers was sold as Marathon until 1990.


Baby Daddy

Baby Daddy is an ABC Family situation comedy. It stars Jean-Luc Bilodeau (as Ben Wheeler), Tahj Mowry (as Tucker Dobbs), Derek Theler (as Danny Wheeler), Chelsea Kane (as Riley Perrin) and Melissa Peterman (as Bonnie Wheeler). The show was green-lighted on February 2, 2012. It began production on March 28, 2012. It began airing on ABC Family on June 20, 2012.

On August 17, 2012, the show was renewed for a second season. It started on May 29, 2013. On March 22, 2013, ABC Family announced that the show will continue on for its third season. "Baby Daddy" was renewed for a fourth season on March 17, 2014. It premiered on October 22, 2014, with the series' first Halloween episode "Strip or Treat". In 2018, the series was canceled after six series.

The show follows Ben Wheeler, a single bartender in his twenties who lives in New York City. A one-night-stand, whom he had forgotten about, leaves her 3-month-old baby on his doorstep. He later finds out that the baby is his daughter, Emma. Ben raises Emma with the help of his brother, Danny, his two close friends, Riley and Tucker, and his mother, Bonnie.






Specific phobia

Specific phobias are a generic form of anxiety condition which consists of unreasonable or irrational fears of exposure to specific objects or certain situations. Affected people tend to avoid direct contact with such objects or situations, sometimes even the mentions of them. Exposure may result in panic attacks or severe anxiety. The usual onset age is childhood or adolescence, although the condition can start for young adults. Females are almost twice as likely to suffer from specific phobias as males. Examples for specific phobia include fears of thunderstorms and certain animals, particularly spiders or snakes.

List of Baby Daddy episodes

This is a list of episodes of the television series Baby Daddy.

On August 17, 2012, "Baby Daddy" was renewed for a second season, it premiered on May 29, 2013. Matt Dallas, who previously worked with Jean-Luc Bilodeau on the ABC Family series "Kyle XY", appeared in a recurring role as Fitch Douglas, a love interest for Riley. Both Lacey Chabert and Grace Phipps also had recurring roles this season. Wayne Brady guest starred in the episode "There's Something Fitchy Going On".

On March 22, 2013, two months before the second season premiered, ABC Family renewed "Baby Daddy" for a third season. It premiered on January 15, 2014. Bruce Thomas, who previously worked with Jean-Luc Bilodeau on "Kyle XY", guest starred in the episode "The Bet". Bilodeau's other "Kyle XY" co-star Matt Dallas reprised his role as Fitch in the episode "Lights! Camera! No Action!", Mary Hart also guest starred as herself in that episode. Other guest stars this season included Lucy Hale, David DeLuise, Phil Morris, Mark DeCarlo, Kelsey Chow and Dot Jones.

On March 17, 2014, "Baby Daddy" was renewed for the fourth season. It premiered on October 22, 2014, with the series' first Halloween episode "Strip or Treat". The second Christmas episode of the series entitled "It's a Wonderful Emma" premiered on December 10, 2014. Aisha Dee guest starred as Olivia, Tucker's ex-wife. Christa B. Allen will appear in a recurring role as Robyn, a corporate lawyer working at Riley's law firm, who later begins dating Danny. Eddie Cibrian will appear in a multi-episode arc as Ross, a guy that Riley falls for, later discovering that he is her boss. Jackée Harry will guest star as Judge Johnson, a no nonsense judge, with a weakness for children. The episode will reunite Harry with Tahj Mowry, Mowry made numerous guest appearances on Harry's 1990s sitcom "Sister, Sister".

On February 27, 2015, the series was renewed for a fifth season.


Kathleen Wilhoite

Kathleen Wilhoite (born June 29, 1964) is an American movie and television actress. She has been in lots of movies and television programs. She played Liz Danes in the TV drama "Gilmore Girls". She also played Chloe in the medical drama "ER". 

Wilhoite was born in California.

3 Musketeers (chocolate bar)

3 Musketeers is a chocolate bar made by Mars, Incorporated. It has whipped chocolate covered with milk chocolate. It was introduced in 1932. At first, it had chocolate, strawberry, and vanilla. The strawberry and vanilla were removed due to higher costs and World War II. 3 Musketeers is the fifth best selling chocolate bar in the United States.

Ryan Seacrest

Ryan John Seacrest (born December 24, 1974) is an American radio personality, television host, and producer. He is best known for being the host of the FOX television show "American Idol". He also hosts the morning radio show "On Air with Ryan Seacrest" on KIIS-FM in Los Angeles, California as well as the syndicated radio show "American Top 40".

Seacrest started hosting "American Idol" in 2002. In the show's first season, he hosted the show with comedian Brian Dunkleman. Dunkleman left the show after the first season, leaving Seacrest as the show's only host. "American Idol" went on to be a very successful show, making Seacrest a well-known television personality. "American Idol" is seen by 26 million people weekly.

On December 31, 2005, Seacrest became the executive producer and co-host of ABC's "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve". In 2009, the show was renamed "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest". He co-hosted the show with Dick Clark until Clark's death in 2012. For the 2013 show, he hosted the show with Jenny McCarthy and Fergie.

He has won Emmy Awards for hosting "American Idol". He also won an Emmy Award for producing the ABC show "Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution".


Randal Cremer

Sir William Randal Cremer was an English Member of Parliament. Cremer was born 18 March 1828. He was a pacifist.

Cremer won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1903. It was mostly for his work on the 1897 Anglo-American arbitration treaty. He was knighted in 1907.

Cremer died from pneumonia on 22 July 1908.

Institut de Droit International

The Institut de Droit International is an organization that formed on 8 September 1873. It was made to study and develop international law. In 1904 the Institute received the Nobel Peace Prize.

The institute was founded by Gustave Moynier and Gustave Rolin-Jaequemyns. They and nine other lawyers formed the IDI in Belgium.

Ernesto Teodoro Moneta

Ernesto Teodoro Moneta was an Italian journalist and soldier. He later became a pacifist and won the 1907 Nobel Peace Prize.

Moneto was born in Milan on September 20, 1833. He died February 10, 1918.

Tardive dyskinesia

Tardive dyskinesia (TD) is a serious neurological illness. It is a type of dyskinesia - a disorder that causes movements that happen over and over again, which a person cannot control. "Tardive" means these movements do not start right away, or they start slowly.

Tardive dyskinesia is usually caused by taking antipsychotic medicines in high doses, or for a long time. This happens more often with older antipsychotic medicines. Usually, tardive dyskinesia happens when these medicines are taken for many months or years. But some people get tardive dyskinesia after taking these medicines for only 6 weeks.

The medicines that are most likely to cause tardive dyskinesia are these older antipsychotic medicines:

Other medicines that are similar to these antipsychotics can also cause tardive dyskinesia. These medicines are used to treat gastrointestinal problems, like nausea, vomiting, and delayed gastric emptying (when the stomach does not empty as quickly as normal). If they are taken for a long time, they can cause tardive dyskinesia:

Newer antipsychotic medicines (also called "atypical antipsychotics") are less likely to cause tardive dyskinesia, but they still can.

Nobody knows why some people get tardive dyskinesia after taking antipsychotic medicines while others do not. But there are certain groups of people who are more likely to get tardive dyskinesia. The longer a person has been on antipsychotic medicines, the more likely they are to get TD.

Most people who get tardive dyskinesia are people who have schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, or bipolar disorder, and have been on antipsychotic medicines for a long time. But some other people can get tardive dyskinesia too. Some people have a very high risk of getting tardive dyskinesia. They can get TD even after taking an antipsychotic medicine just once. People that have this very high risk include:

The symptoms of tardive dyskinesia are movements of the face, lips, tongue, torso, arms, and legs. The person with tardive dyskinesia cannot stop or control these movements. For example, people with tardive dyskinesia often cannot stop themselves from:

Often, people with tardive dyskinesia also have akathisia. This is a constant urge to move, or always being restless.

Doctors can try to prevent tardive dyskinesia by:

Diagnosing tardive dyskinesia early is very important. Sometimes, if the drug that is causing TD is stopped early enough, the tardive dyskinesia will go away. This is more likely to happen if the TD is diagnosed soon after its symptoms start.

Sometimes, even if the medication is stopped, the tardive dyskinesia never goes away.

If a person with TD still needs antipsychotic medicines, a medication called clozapine (Clozaril) is the best choice. It is a newer antipsychotic, it often works well for schizophrenia that is hard to treat, and it has less of a risk of causing or worsening TD.

The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has not approved any medicines to treat the symptoms of tardive dyskinesia. Some doctors use these medications:

Some small experiments have said that these medicines may be helpful for TD symptoms:

Lois Renault

Louis Renault was a French jurist and educator. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1907.

Renault was born at Autun on 21 May 1843. He was a professor at the University of Dijon. He then worked at the University of Paris until his death on 8 February 1918.

1994 South African general election

The South African general election of 1994 was an election held in South Africa. The election was free and equal and conducted under the direction of the Independent Electoral Commission (IEC). At the end of the general election, President Nelson Mandela became the first President of South Africa. 

Millions of people were in lines over a three-day voting period. The total of people who's votes were counted were 19,726,579 and 193,081 were rejected as invalid. As required by the Interim Constitution, the ANC formed a Government of National Unity with the National Party and the Inkatha Freedom Party, the two other parties that won more than twenty seats in the National Assembly.

The date 27 April is now a public holidays in South Africa. It is known as Freedom Day.


The Equalizer (movie)

The Equalizer is a 2014 American action crime thriller movie. It is set in Boston, Massachusetts. It stars Denzel Washington and Melissa Leo. It is based on the TV series of the same name. This movie is about retired intelligence officer Robert McCall (Washington). He becomes a vigilante on behalf of helpless people, though he gets heat from the Russian Mafia. The movie was released worldwide on September 26, 2014. It was followed up 

Rivonia Trial

The Rivonia Trial was a trial that took place in South Africa between 1963 and 1964. Ten leaders of the African National Congress were tried for 221 acts of sabotage designed to overthrow the apartheid system. This trial was held after the police raid on the MK base in Rivonia, where documents related to the 10 accused men were found. One of the men was the future President of South Africa, Nelson Mandela. After the trial, Mandela was taken to jail in Robben Island.

The chief prosecutor was Dr. Percy Yutar, deputy attorney-general of the Transvaal.

The presiding judge was Dr. Quartus de Wet, judge-president of the Transvaal.

Among the arrested were:


Most of the Rivonia defendants were to be convicted, and in turn sentenced to life imprisonment.


María Conchita Alonso

María Conchita Alonso (June 29, 1957) is a Latin American actress who has performed in lots of movies and television programs. She acted in movies including "Vampire's Kiss", "The Running Man" and "Colors". Alonso was born in Cuba, and grew up in Caracas, Venezuela. She is an American citizen.

Alonso is active politically and is a critic of Cuba's Fidel Castro and late Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez.

Monica Potter

Monica Potter (born June 30, 1971) is an American actress. She works in both movies and television programs. She played Alison Gordon in the 2004 movie "Saw", Tricia Poe in the thriller movie "Con Air" and Kristina Braverman in the television show "Parenthood". She also played Lori Colson in "Boston Legal". She was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Kate Walsh (actress)

Kate Walsh (born October 13, 1967) is an American actress who acts in both movies and television programs. She played Addison Montgomery in the show "Grey's Anatomy" and in "Private Practice". She played Nicki in "The Drew Carey Show". Walsh was born in San Jose, California.

Family Research Council

Family Research Council is an American conservative Christian group that started in 1981 and established in 1983 by James Dobson. In the late 1980s, the Family Research Council became part of Dobson's organization Focus on the Family. Although in 1992 the Family Research Council became a separate group again. They strongly oppose abortion, homosexuality and LGBT rights.

Nushki

Nushki is a town and a district in Balochistan, Pakistan. The population of Nushki is around 40000 people. The city is in the northwest of Balochistan near to the Afghanistan border.

Darwin–Wedgwood family

The Darwin–Wedgwood family is actually two inter-related English families, descended from the prominent 18th century doctor, Erasmus Darwin, and Josiah Wedgwood, founder of the pottery firm, Josiah Wedgwood and Sons, the most notable member of which was Charles Darwin. There were a number of first and second cousin marriages between the two families: Charles Darwin married his cousin Emma Wedgwood.

The family contained at least ten Fellows of the Royal Society and several artists and poets (including the composer Ralph Vaughan Williams). The Wedgwoods were extremely important in British industry in the west Midlands. As Quakers, they were all anti-slavery, and so were the Darwins. The families were also closely related to the banking family of Francis Galton. Galton was one of Charles Darwin's cousins. 

Flood control

Flood control is a term to refer to measures that protect settlements, people and property against flooding. Such measures include building dams, levees and weirs. People also move away from floodplains where flooding is frequent.

Although it may be impossible to prevent flooding, there are a number of methods you can carry out to stop the water coming into your home or working environment. Simply follow these steps:



Octavia Spencer

Octavia Leonare Spencer (born May 25, 1970) is an American actress. She has won several awards, including an Academy Award, a British Academy Film Award, and a Golden Globe Award, and is the first black actress to receive two consecutive Oscar nominations

Octavia Spencer was born in Montgomery, Alabama. She has six brothers and sisters. 1988, she went to the Jefferson Davis High School and in this school she did her high school graduation.


HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee

The HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee (HGNC) sets a "unique" and "meaningful" name for every known human gene. It asks experts their opinions. The HGNC gives a long name, and an abbreviation (referred to as a "symbol") to every gene. The HGNC is part of the Human Genome Organisation (HUGO).

Traditional gene names and abbreviations are often not specific for a single gene. Example: CAP (which means just "chromosome-associated protein") can refer to any of six different genes: (BRD4, CAP1 , LNPEP , PTPLA , SERPINB6 , and SORBS1 ).

Unlike traditional names like CAP, the HGNC short gene names, or gene symbols, are given to one gene only. This reduces confusion as to which gene is referred to.

The HGNC approach to naming genes and assigning "symbols" (gene name abbreviations)is:
The full description of HGNC's nomenclature guidelines can be found on their web site . HGNC advocates the appendices "_v1, _v2.." to distinguish between different splice variants and "_pr1, _pr2.." for promoter variants of a single gene.

HGNC also states that "gene nomenclature should "evolve with new technology" rather than be restrictive as sometimes occurs when historical and single gene nomenclature systems are applied".

The HGNC contacts authors who have published on the human gene in question by e-mail. They are asked their opinion on the proposed nomenclature. HGNC also works with other database curators, and experts for specific gene families or sets of genes.

Changing a standardised gene name after it has got established may cause confusion. The merit of such changes are therefore controversial. For this reason the HGNC changes a gene name only if agreement for that change can be got from most researchers working on that gene.



Weir

A weir is a barrier built across a river which changes the flow of the river, usualy for irrigation and smaller than a dam. Depending on the design, some pose problems for fish, as the fish cannot get across the weir.

Promoter (genetics)

In genetics, a promoter is a section of DNA which starts the transcription of a gene. 

Promoters are near the genes they transcribe. They are on the same strand of DNA and are 'upstream'.

Promoters can be about 100–1000 base pairs long.

For the transcription to take place, the enzyme that makes RNA, known as RNA polymerase, must attach to the DNA near a gene. 

Promoters contain specific DNA sequences which give the RNA polymerase a place to bind. Other proteins also help this to happen. Some can also stop it from happening. The whole thing is called "the regulation of gene expression". 


Promoters are important parts of the DNA. They work with other regulatory regions. Together, they adjust the level of transcription of a gene. So, genes get switched on when they are needed, and switched off when they are not. When they are on, they get adjusted up or down as needed.

Lizzy Caplan

Elizabeth Anne "Lizzy" Caplan (born June 30, 1982) is an American television and movie actress. She has played many roles. She played Janis Ian in "Mean Girls", Marlena Diamond in "Cloverfield" and Gena in "Bachelorette". She also played Amy Burley in the show "True Blood". Since 2013 she has played Virginia E. Johnson in "Masters of Sex".
She was born in Los Angeles to a Jewish family.

Tax evasion

Tax evasion is criminal activity to evade taxes. It may be done by trusts, persons or organizations. The main way taxpayers evade taxes is by deliberately misrepresenting the actual state of their affairs to tax authorities to reduce their tax liability. This includes dishonest tax reporting, such as declaring less income or profit than the amounts which were actually earned. Tax evasion is an activity connected with the informal economy.

Paintball

Paintball is a sport in which players try to eliminate opponents by shooting each other with balls of coloured dye. The players can compete either in teams or individually. The balls of dye (called "paintballs") are shot through a device called a paintball marker (or paintball gun). When the paintballs hit, they release the dye. When they hit a player, the dye marks that player as eliminated. The game is often played as an organised competitive sport, involving leagues, tournaments, and professional teams.

Paintball can be played indoors or outdoors, on fields specifically made for the game. The field is scattered with natural or artificial obstacles and terrain, which players use to hide behind. The objective can vary according to the type of game being played. Players may have to capture a flag held by the opposing team, defend or capture a particular point on the field, or simply eliminate all other players on the field until they are the only player or team remaining. Depending on the variant played, games can last from seconds to hours.

In many countries, paintball is regulated by specific laws. Players are usually required to wear protective gear (such as masks), and game rules are strictly enforced. Paintball is also used by military forces and law enforcement for training recruits.

The playing field is scattered with several obstacles. These are used to block the view of opponents and prevent them from firing accurately. They may be a shelter, fallen tree, barrels, or a cylindrical tube. In most modern speedball tournaments, inflatable vinyl objects of different shapes and sizes are used.




Sham marriage

A sham marriage is when people get married just for the sake of convenience or to deceive the public or society. Entering such marriages is a violation of the law in some countries. Usual reasons for sham marriages are to gain immigration rights for one of the spouses or to create defense against the suspicion of homosexuality.

Lavender marriage

The term lavender marriage relates to man-woman marriage which is for purposes of hiding homosexuality. This is called a "beard" in slang terminology. The term "lavender marriage" was started in the 1920s. Such marriages are called marriages of convenience. They are done to protect public reputations and preserve careers of some people.

Mail-order bride

Mail-order brides are women who list themselves in catalogs and are picked by males for marriage. The term "mail-order bride" dates back to the 19th century. These brides often come from one country and immigrate to another for marriage reasons. Finding a foreign husband gives such a woman a chance to leave her country and find better economic opportunities abroad. 

Paula Prentiss

Paula Prentiss (born March 4, 1938) is an American movie and television series actress. She first became famous in the 1960s. She played Bobbie Markowe in the 1975 movie version of "The Stepford Wives". She played a maternity nurse in the 1996 movie "Mrs. Winterbourne".

Prentiss was born in San Antonio, Texas.

Alice Faye

Alice Faye (May 5, 1915 – May 9, 1998) was an American singer and actress. She was first in movies made by the 20th Century Fox, and then in other movies. She sang the Academy Award winning "You'll Never Know", a 1943 song. She also acted in the movie "Poor Little Rich Girl" in 1936 with Shirley Temple.

Faye was born in New York City. She died from stomach cancer at age eighty-three.

Cassette player

A cassette player (or cassette deck) is a machine can play audio cassettes. 
Some cassette players also can record music or other sounds to cassette tapes. If a microphone is built in, there is no need for a separate microphone but in that case the quality of sound may not be so good. Most cassette decks were made in the late 20th century.

Lucrezia Borgia

Lucrezia Borgia (18 April 1480 – 24 June 1519) was the daughter of Pope Alexander VI, and his long-term mistress Vannozza dei Cattanei. Her brothers included Cesare Borgia, Giovanni Borgia, and Gioffre Borgia.

Lucrezia's family was typical of the ruthless Machiavellian politics and sexual corruption of the times. It was alleged to be characteristic of the Renaissance Papacy. Lucrezia was cast as a "femme fatale", a role seen in many artworks, novels, and films.

Very little is known for sure about Lucrezia. Whether she was involved in the political activities of her father and brothers is unclear. They certainly arranged several marriages for her to important and powerful men. Presumably, this helped their own political ambitions. Lucrezia was married to Giovanni Sforza (Lord of Pesaro), Alfonso of Aragon (Duke of Bisceglie), and Alfonso I d'Este (Duke of Ferrara). Tradition has it that Alfonso of Aragon was an illegitimate son of the King of Naples and that her brother Cesare may have had him murdered when his political value faded.

Lucrezia is described as having heavy blonde hair which fell past her knees, a beautiful complexion, hazel eyes which changed colour, a full, high bosom, and a natural grace which made her appear to "walk on air". These features were highly appreciated in Italy during that period. Another description said that "her mouth is rather large, the teeth brilliantly white, her neck is slender and fair, and the bust is admirably proportioned".

One painting, "Portrait of a Youth" by Dosso Dossi at the National Gallery of Victoria, was identified as a portrait of Lucrezia in November 2008. This painting may be the only surviving formal portrait of Lucrezia Borgia; however, doubts have been cast on that claim. Several other paintings, such as Veneto's fanciful portrait, have also been said to depict her but none has been accepted by scholars at present.

Several rumours have persisted throughout the years, especially about the extravagant parties thrown by the Borgia family. There were allegations of incest, poisoning, and murder on her part, but no historical basis for these rumours has ever been found. Most of the allegations were made by the rivals of the Borgias.



Helen Menken

Helen Menken (December 12, 1901 – March 27, 1966) was an American actress. She did some movies but was known mostly for stage plays. She began acting on Broadway around 1917. She was very active from the 1920s to the early 1940s. Her greatest stage successes were "Seventh Heaven" (1922-24), "The Old Maid" and "Mary of Scotland".

Menken was born in New York City. She died there when she suffered a heart attack at the age of 64.

Judith Anderson

Dame Judith Anderson (10 February 1897 – 3 January 1992) was an Australian actress. She lived in the United States and performed on stage, television and movies. She received two Emmy Awards and a Tony Award for her acting. Her Hollywood movies included the Academy Award-nominated movie "Rebecca", "Laura" in 1944 and "The Diary of a Chambermaid" in 1946. Anderson was born in Adelaide, South Australia, although she later relocated to Santa Barbara, California. Anderson died of pneumonia at 94.

2NE1

2NE1 () was a K-pop girl group from South Korea. They were formed in 2009 under YG Entertainment and split in 2016. They are best known for their nine number one hit songs in South Korea. They are "Try to Follow Me", "Go Away", "Lonely", "I Am the Best", "Ugly", "I Love You", "Falling in Love", "Missing You", and "Come Back Home". Before their split, 2NE1 was one of the most successful girl groups in South Korea.

2NE1's first single was "Lollipop" and came out in March 2009 featuring BIGBANG. Their official debut single "Fire" was released on May 6, 2009.

Their second single "I Don't Care" was released on 1 July 2009. "I Don't Care" achieved great success, topping various Korean music shows and was also the most downloaded song of the year. By the end of 2011 the song had sold 4,503,928 digital copies, becoming one of the most successful singles of all-time in Korea.

During 2011 and 2012, 2NE1 was active in Japan, and made some Japanese versions of their songs.

After the release of their second album Crush in 2014, the group became inactive for 2 years. Minzy left in March 2016, while the rest of the group broke up in November 2016. Their last song, Goodbye, was released in 2017 with the remaining members.

Studio albums

Compilation albums

Live albums

Martha Raye

Martha Raye (August 27, 1916 – October 19, 1994) was an American comedian, singer and actress. She began acting in movies and then acted in television series. She had her own show, "The Martha Raye Show" during the mid 1950s. She also appeared as Carrie on CBS' sitcom "Alice".

Raye was born in Montana. She died from pneumonia at age 78 in Los Angeles.

Ida Lupino

Ida Lupino (February 4, 1918 – August 3, 1995) was an English-American author, director and actress. She appeared in almost sixty movies and directed seven others. She was also in television series, including "The Donna Reed Show" and "Gilligan's Island". She retired from acting at sixty. Ida died in Los Angeles when she suffered a stroke at age seventy-seven.

Elisabeth Moss

Elisabeth Moss (born 24 July 1982) is an American actress. She works in both movies and television. She played Zoey Bartlet in "The West Wing" and Peggy Olson in the series "Mad Men". Moss was born in Los Angeles.

<br>

Ruby Dee

Ruby Dee (née Wallace; October 27, 1922 – June 11, 2014) was an American actress, screenwriter and playwright. She acted in many television series and movies. She won many awards, including Grammy Awards and Emmy Awards. She starred in "Do the Right Thing", "Jungle Fever" "No. 2" and in "American Gangster". She also did many stage plays. She was married to activist and actor Ossie Davis.

Dee died on June 11, 2014, at her home in New Rochelle, New York, from natural causes at the age of 91.

Joan Leslie

Joan Leslie (January 26, 1925 – October 12, 2015) was an American actress. She acted in television and movies until 1991. Her first movie was "Camille" in 1936. Her other movies included "Nine Lives are Not Enough" and "Two Guys from Milwaukee". She retired from acting around 1991. She was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Leslie died at the age of 90 in Los Angeles, California on October 12, 2015.

Scripture

Scripture means "writing" in Latin. The word is mostly used to refer to the Bible or books that are considered sacred to a certain religion, like the Qur'an or Hindu scripture.


Marian Seldes

Marian Hall Seldes (August 23, 1928 – October 6, 2014) was an American actress. She was known for her roles in "Tom and Huck", "Home Alone 3", "The Haunting", "If These Walls Could Talk 2", and in "Mona Lisa Smile". She won a Tony Award in 1967.

Seldes was born on August 23, 1928 in New York City, New York. She is of Russian-Jewish descent. Seldes studied at the Neighborhood Playhouse.

Seldes was married to Julian Claman from 1953 until they divorced in 1961. Her marriage to Julian was abusive. Seldes left the marriage after her father noticed marks on Seldes's face. Then she was married to Garson Kanin from 1990 until his death in 1999. She had one daughter with Julian, Katherine. 

Seldes died from dementia-related problems at her apartment in New York City, New York, aged 86.


Lindsey Graham

Lindsey Olin Graham (born July 9, 1955) is an American politician who serves as the senior United States Senator from South Carolina, serving in office since 2003. He is a member of the Republican Party. He ran for President in 2016.

Graham was born on July 9, 1955 in Central, South Carolina. his parents were Millie and Florence James "F.J." Graham. He studied at the University of South Carolina.

In 2002, Graham ran for the U.S. Senate after eight-term Republican incumbent Strom Thurmond announced his retirement. Graham won the primary unopposed and defeated Democratic opponent Alex Sanders in the general election. 

Graham was re-elected to a second term in 2008, defeating Bob Conley. He won a third term in 2014, defeating Democrat Brad Hutto and Independent Thomas Ravenel.

Graham is known in the Senate for his support for a strong national defense, his support of the military, and as an advocate of strong United States leadership in world affairs. He is also known for his willingness to be bipartisan and work with Democrats on issues like global warming, tax reform and immigration reform and his belief that judicial nominees should not be opposed solely on their philosophical positions. He is also a critic of the Tea Party movement.

During his political career, Graham never lost an election.

On May 18, 2015, Graham informally announced his candidacy for President of the United States; he made a formal announcement on June 1 in his hometown of Central, South Carolina. After low polling numbers, Graham withdrew from the race on December 21, 2015. He later announced his support for Jeb Bush for president.

Graham has never been married and has no children. He was close friends with the late Arizona senator John McCain.


Wagamama

Wagamama is an international restaurant chain serving East Asian food. The name means 'selfish' in Japanese. It was founded in 1992 by Alan Yau in Bloomsbury, central London. As of 2013 there are 133 restaurants worldwide, mostly in Europe.


Despicable Me (movie)

Despicable Me is a 2010 American family/animated/comedy/crime movie directed by Pierre Coffin. It stars Steve Carell, Will Arnett, Kristen Wiig, Russell Brand, Jason Segel, Julie Andrews, Ken Jeong, and Miranda Cosgrove. It was released on July 9, 2010. The movie received positive reviews. A sequel "Despicable Me 2" was released on July 3, 2013, while a another sequel "Despicable Me 3" was released on June 30, 2017. There is also a spinoff movie all about the comic relief characters in the series.


Despicable Me 2

Despicable Me 2 is a 2013 American computer-animated action/comedy movie directed by Pierre Coffin. It is a sequel to the 2010 animated movie "Despicable Me". It stars Steve Carell, Russell Brand, Kristen Wiig, Benjamin Bratt, Ken Jeong, Steve Coogan, and Miranda Cosgrove. It was released on July 3, 2013. It received good reviews from critics. A spinoff/prequel movie, "Minions", focusing on the little yellow henchmen before they met Gru, was released on July 10, 2015. A sequel, "Despicable Me 3", was released on June 30, 2017.

Jean Marsh

Jean Marsh (b. London, 1 July 1934) is an English actress and screenwriter who appeared mostly on television.

Marsh co-created and starred in the television series "Upstairs, Downstairs" and created "The House of Elliot". She also starred in "Doctor Who", and appeared in many other series, and in films. She got an Emmy Award for the Outstanding Lead Actress for the role of the parlourmaid Rose Buck in "Upstairs, Downstairs".

Olivia Munn

Lisa Olivia Munn (born July 3, 1980) is an American comedian and actress. She acts in both movies and television programs. She was in the 2010 action movie "Iron Man 2". She also models with Nike and Pepsi. Olivia Munn was born in Oklahoma City.

Munn began dating comedian John Mulaneyin 2021, and they have one son.

In March 2024, Munn revealed that she had been diagnosed with breast cancer the year before. Munn announced that she had four surgeries in the previous ten months, including a double mastectomy.

Julianne Nicholson

Julianne Nicholson (born July 1, 1971) is an American actress. She works mostly on television programs. She played the Detective Megan Wheeler in "". She played Esther Randolph in "Boardwalk Empire". She was born in Medford, Massachusetts.

Piers Morgan Live

Piers Morgan Live (previously known as Piers Morgan Tonight) is a television talk show on CNN. It is hosted by Piers Morgan. It started on January 17, 2011. It took over the timeslot that "Larry King Live" was in before Larry King retired. On the show, Morgan interviews guests such as politicians, celebrities, and members of the public. His first guest was Oprah Winfrey. The show was cancelled on February 23, 2014 and the final episode was aired on March 28, 2014.


Hilarie Burton

Hilarie Burton (born July 1, 1982) is an American actress. She works mostly on television. She played Lauren in "Grey's Anatomy". She played Sara Ellis in the television show "White Collar". She has also been in movies. Burton was born in Sterling, Virginia.

Evelyn King

Evelyn King (born July 1, 1960) is an American singer. She mostly performs disco and rhythm and blues. She had the hit singles "Love Come Down" and "Shame". King was born in the Bronx, New York. She was raised in Philadelphia.

The View

The View is an American television talk show that airs on ABC. It started in 1997. It features a panel of women who talk about current issues and news items such as tabloid headlines and celebrity news. As of 2017, the panel included moderator Whoopi Goldberg, Joy Behar, Paula Faris, Sara Haines, Jedediah Bila, and Sunny Hostin.


Restorationism

Restorationism, also called Christian primitivism is a movement that tries to model itself after what is known or believed of the Early Christian Church. Over the course of time, different groups have used the term, with different meanings:

Apocatastasis

Apocatastasis, which can be translated as "universal restoration" is a concept that can be found in Ancient Greece. The theological idea was that people did not fully agree with their creator, and moved away; this is called Apostasy. At the end of time, everything would be re-united with its creator, according to the idea. Different people have seen the process differently: Some say, that everything, even those that have "fallen", will be reunited; these people speak about "apokatastasis panton" or "restitutio omnium (quae locutus est)". 

Ancient Greek philosophy used the term, before it was used by Christian scholars. That way, the Pythagoreans, Heraclitus, and the Stoics used the term. Neoplatonism, as well as Friedrich Nietzsche also used the term in this meaning. Most of these philiosophers believed, that this "restoration" was periodic, and not an event that occurred only once.

Clement of Alexandria, Origen and Gregory of Nyssa where the first Christian scholars who used the term: For them, this "restoration" would occur only once, and was not periodic. 

Parasitoid wasp

By far the greater number of wasps (over 500,000 species in the superfamily Chalcidoidea alone) are a special type of parasite. They are parasitoids which lay their eggs in or on the bodies of other insect species (usually the larvae such as caterpillars). 

Different species specialise in hosts from different insect orders, most often Lepidoptera, though some select beetles, flies, or bugs; the spider wasps (Pompilidae) exclusively attack spiders.

Almost every insect pest species has at least one wasp species that preys upon it or parasitizes it. This makes wasps critically important in the natural control of pest numbers (biocontrol). Parasitic wasps are increasingly used in agricultural pest control as they themselves do little or no damage to crops. Farmers buy these parasitic wasps for insect control in their fields.

With most species, the adult parasitic wasps themselves do not get any nutrients from their prey. Much like bees, butterflies, and moths, those which do feed as adults usually get all of their nutrition from nectar. 

Parasitic wasps are extremely varied in their habits. Many lay their eggs in inert stages of their host (egg or pupa). If the prey is a caterpillar, they paralyze it by injecting it with venom through their ovipositor. Then they insert one or more eggs into the host or deposit them upon the host externally. The host remains alive until the parasitoid larvae are mature, dying later when the parasitoids pupate, or when they emerge as adults. Basically, the hosts are eaten alive.

The Ichneumonoidea is a superfamily of wasp parasitoids. It has two main families:

Polydnaviruses are a unique group of insect viruses that have a mutualistic relationship with parasitic wasps. 

The virus protects the parasitic larva inside the host by weakening the host’s immune system. It also alters the cells of the host in ways which help the parasite. The polydnavirus, like all viruses, need a host to replicate itself. This it does in the oviducts of the female wasp. 

The relationship between these viruses and the wasp is obligatory: all individuals are ‘infected’ with the viruses; the virus has been added to the wasp’s genome.

The two main genera of polydnaviruses are the Ichnoviruses (IV) and the Bracoviruses (BV). The ichnoviruses occur in ichneumonid wasp species and bracoviruses in braconid wasps.

The victims of parasitoids do have defences they can use. Many try to hide from the wasps. The egg shells and cuticles of the prey are thickened to prevent the wasp from penetrating them. When the wasp arrives, prey may drop off the plant they are on, or twist and thrash to dislodge the female. Some regurgitate onto the wasp to tangle it up. The wriggling can sometimes help by causing the wasp to miss laying the egg on the host and instead place it nearby. Wriggling of pupae can cause the wasp to lose its grip on the smooth hard pupa or get trapped in the silk strands. Some caterpillars bite wasps that approach it. Some secrete poisonous compounds that kill or drive away the parasitoid. Ants that are in a symbiotic relationship with caterpillars, aphids or scale insects defend them from attack by wasps.

Even parasitoid wasps are vulnerable to hyperparasitoid wasps. Some parasitoid wasps change the behaviour of the infected host to build a silk web around the pupa of the wasps after they emerge from its body to protect them from hyperparasitoids.

In endoparasitoids, host immune cells can encapsulate the eggs and larvae of parasitoid wasps. In aphids, a secondary endosymbiont, "Buchnera aphidicola" carries a latent phage. This phage makes the aphid relatively immune to their parasitoid wasps by killing many of the eggs. However, wasps counter this by laying more eggs in aphids that have the endosymbiont so that at least one of them can hatch and parasitize the aphid.

Certain caterpillars eat plants that are toxic to both themselves and the parasite to cure themselves. "Drosophila melanogaster" larvae also "self-medicate" with ethanol to treat parasitism. "D. melanogaster" females lay their eggs in food containing toxic amounts of alcohol if they detect parasitoid wasps nearby. Despite the alcohol slowing the growth of the flies, it protects them from the wasps.

Parasitoidism evolved only once in the Hymenoptera, during the Permian. It lead to a single clade, the Apocrita. Almost all parasitoid wasps are descended from this clade. 

The parasitic lifestyle has been lost several times, including among the ants, bees, and yellowjacket wasps. As a result, the order Hymenoptera has many families of parasitoids intermixed with non-parasitoid groups. The Hymenoptera, Apocrita, and Aculeata are all clades, and each has both parasitic and non-parasitic species. The parasitoid wasps do not form a clade on their own. 

The parasitoid wasps include some very large groups. Some estimates suggest the Chalcidoidea has 500,000 species, the Ichneumonidae 100,000 species, and the Braconidae up to 50,000 species.
Host insects have evolved a range of defences against parasitoid wasps, including hiding, wriggling, and camouflage markings.

A big increase of species in the Hymenoptera occurred soon after the evolution of parasitoidy in the order. The parasitoidy may have been a main cause of it. The evolution of a 'wasp waist' (a constriction in the abdomen) helped the Apocrita because it increased manoeuverability of the ovipositor (the organ used to lay eggs).

Before Midnight

Before Midnight is a 2013 American romantic drama movie. Ethan Hawke stars as Jesse Wallace and Julie Delpy as Celine. This movie is set in Greece. "Before Midnight" has gotten strong praise from the movie critics. It was released during May and June of 2013 in the United States.

It was preceded by "Before Sunrise" and "Before Sunset".

Deborah Kara Unger

Deborah Kara Unger (born May 12) is a Canadian actress who has been mostly in independent movies. She acted as Catherine Ballard in the 1996 movie "Crash" and as Carol Lynn Johnson for the 2007 movie "88 Minutes". She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. Some sources cite 1964 for her birth year, although other sources mention 1966.

Innocent Blood

Innocent Blood is a horror-crime movie released in autumn 1992. Its cast members are Angela Bassett as Attorney Sinclair, Linnea Quigley as Nurse and Robert Loggia as Salvatore Macelli. The movie is set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It is about vampires and Mafia activities. This movie was released in September 1992. It got mixed reviews, though it took in almost $5 million in the box office.

Summer of Sam

Summer of Sam is a 1999 crime drama movie. It was directed by Spike Lee, who also co-wrote and co-produced it. The movie is about a series of murders done by David Berkowitz (nicknamed the Son of Sam) during the summer of 1977 in New York City. John Leguizamo, Mira Sorvino, Adrien Brody and Jennifer Esposito play fictional characters. The MPAA threatened "Summer of Sam" with an NC-17 due to a sex scene, which was then cut out. The movie was released in July 1999.

84th Academy Awards

The 84th Academy Awards was on February 26, 2012. It was held in the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood. Billy Crystal was the host at this ceremony.

"The Artist" won five Oscars, which included Best Picture, Best Actor for Jean Dujardin and Best Director for Michael Hazanavicius. Other winners were "Hugo" with five Oscars, "The Iron Lady" with two Oscars and "Beginners", "The Descendants", "The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore", "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo", "The Help", "Midnight in Paris", "The Muppets", "Rango", "Saving Face", "A Separation", "The Shore" and "Undefeated" with one.

Winners are listed first.

Anthony LaPaglia

Anthony LaPaglia (born 31 January 1959) is an Australian movie and television actor. He has received Golden Globe Awards and Emmy Awards for acting. He acted as "Jack Malone" in the series "Without a Trace" and as "Detective Lou" in the movie "Summer of Sam".

He was born in Adelaide, although he later moved to the United States. His first part in a movie was "Cold Steel" in 1987. LaPaglia appeared on Broadway in 1997, in a production of "A View From the Bridge". He received a Tony Award his role as the play's main character.


Christina Hendricks

Christina Hendricks (born 3 May 1975) is an American actress of movie, stage, television and video games. She is best known for portraying the roles of Joan Harris in the AMC period drama series "Mad Men" (2007–2015), and Beth Boland in the NBC comedy-drama series "Good Girls" (2018–2021). Prior to this, Hendricks had starring roles as Kelly Kramer in the Showtime comedy-drama series "Beggars and Choosers" (2000–2001), Saffron in the Fox drama series "Firefly" (2002–2003), and Nicolette Raye in the UPN legal drama series "Kevin Hill" (2004–2005).

Christina was born in Knoxville, Tennessee. She has lived in Idaho.

Immortal Beloved

Immortal Beloved is a 1994 drama movie in which Gary Oldman and Isabella Rossellini star. The movie is about Ludwig van Beethoven. This movie was released in December 1994 in United States theaters. It received mixed reviews. It debuted strongly at the box office.

José Martínez Morote

José Martínez Morote (born February 5, 1984 in Albacete) is a Paralympic track and field athlete from Spain. He has an intellectual disability. He helps track and field athletes where he lives. He first played football, and then started track and field when he was 16 years old. He has competed at the 2007 World Games, the 2011 IPC World Athletics Championships in Christchurch, New Zealand and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Martínez had two scholarships to allow him to be a track and field athlete.

Martínez was born February 5, 1984 in Albacete, Spain, and has an intellectual disability. He lives in the city where he was born. He went to school in Cruz de Mayo. He helps track and field athletes where he lives.

In 2008, Martínez got an award from the Culture and Sport at the yearly award ceremony for the Federation of Employers of Albacete (FEDA).

Morote started doing track and field when he was 16 years old. Before track and field, he played football but began track and field because a teacher said his running speed would be better in track and field. He competed in races in Tunisia, Hungary, Sweden, Australia, France, Prague, Brazil and China. His coaches are Camilo and Maxi. He is a member of Club Paralímpico de la Región athletic club in Castilla-La Mancha. He has been given money from the 'Castilla-La Mancha Olímpica' program, which gets money from the Foundation for Culture and Sports of Castilla-La Mancha. He competed in his first Spanish national championships when he was 19 years old. He finished first in the 5,000 and 10,000 meter races.

In 2005, Martínez got money from Foundation for Culture and Sports of Castilla-La Mancha to do track and field. He competed at the 2006 Spanish national championships and came first in the 400 and 800 meters. He competed in the 2007 World Games, where he finished second in the 800 meters and third in 1,500 meters.

In 2008, Martínez competed in the Spanish National Athletics Championship where he finished first in the 800 and 1500 meters. That winter, he finished first at the Spanish national winter cross country championships. The following year at the Spanish National Athletics Championship, he competed in the 400, 800, 1,500, long jump and 4x100 meter events, where and came first in the 800 and 1500 meters. . He competed at the 2008 World Intellectual Disability Indoor Athletics Championships in Tallinn, Estonia in where he finished second in the 400 meter event and third in the 4x400 meter event. Competing at the 2008 European Championships, he finished first in the 400 meters. Competing in the 2009 Subida al Castillo de Chiva, he came in first in the one mile Paralympic class with a time of 4:45. He competed in the 2009 World Games in the Czech Republic. He competed in the 2009 Spanish national cross country championships, where he finished first. The next year, he finished third.

Martínez competed at the 2010 World Indoor Championships for people with intellectual disabilities. He competed in the 2011 Subida al Castillo de Chiva one mile race in the Paralympic class.

Martínez competed at the 2011 IPC World Athletics Championships in Christchurch, New Zealand and he finished fourth in the T20 1,500 meter race. He competed at the 2011 World Games, and finished second in 4x100 and competed in the 1,500 meters, and finished first in the 4x400 relay team race.

Martínez competed in 2012 INAS European Athletics Championship. In 2012, he had a scholarship from the Spanish-based Fundación Cultura y Deportes and the Spanish business Lafarge. In 2012, he competed in the World Intellectual Disability Indoor Athletics Championships and finished third in the in the 4 x 400 meter race. He finished sixth in the 1,500 meters.

Martínez competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, England. He finished 8th in the T20 1,500 meter race.

Diophantine equation

A Diophantine equation is an equation that only takes integer coefficients, and that can be written as formula_1, where "f" is a polynomial. Diophantine analysis is a branch of mathematical analysis, concerned with such equations. Typical questions include:
Very often such problems were unresolved for centuries. With time, mathematicians came to understand their depth (in some cases), rather than treat them as puzzles. The equation is named after Diophantus of Alexandria, a mathematician, who described them first. The restriction on integer coefficients makes sense, when one is concerned about finding Divisors, or in the case of modular arithmetic. In everyday life, many equations solve problems where only whole numbers make sense: A product is composed of many parts, but only whole pieces can be produced. 

Some diophantine equations are very famous. These include the Pythagorean triple, Fermat's Last Theorem and Pell's equation. Hilbert's tenth problem was to find an algorithm to decide, whether a given Diophantine equation has an integer solution. 

Eva Ngui Nchama

Eva Ngui Nchama (born on June 9, 1985 in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea) is an athlete from Africa. She has a disability: she cannot see and is a T12/B2 type athlete. She competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece in the women's 100 metres - T12 event. She competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China and finished third in the women's 100 metres - T12 event and thir in the women's 200 metres - T12 event. She raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and was the 14th runner to finish.

In 2012, she had a €18,000 athlete scholarship with a €3,000 reserve and a €2,500 coaching scholarship.

José María Pámpano Cillero

José María Pámpano Cillero (born December 10, 1978 in Badajoz) is a T36 athlete from Spain.

Pámpano competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens and finished second in the 4x400m relay and finished second in the T36 1500 meter race. He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the 800 meter race but was not one of the first three racers to finish. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and finished sixth in the 800 meter race.

Bloody Sunday (1905)

Bloody Sunday took place in Russia in 1905. More than 3,000 people marched towards the Winter Palace in hopes of presenting Tsar Nicholas II a petition for reform, however he was not present at the palace. Without the order of the tsar to stop them, the army shot their rifles into the crowd, leaving 96 dead and around 300 wounded. 

This event began the 1905 Russian Revolution, which was caused in part by defeat in the Russo-Japanese War. Many thousands died and the Tsar created the State Duma to represent the Russian people. It is considered a cause of the later, larger Russian Revolution.

Later Dmitri Shostakovich composed his 11th Symphony based on this event.

Warren Oates

Warren Mercer Oates (July 5, 1928 – April 3, 1982) was an American television program and movie actor. He acted mostly in movies. He was known for playing Lyle in the famous 1969 movie "The Wild Bunch", and John Dillinger in the movie "Dillinger". He was born in Kentucky, and later relocated to Los Angeles for acting reasons.

Oates died of a heart attack at age fifty-three. His final movie, "Blue Thunder", was shot in 1980 but not released until 1983, one year after his death.

Kamba people

The Kamba (Akamba in the plural) are a Bantu ethnic group.

They live in the semi-arid Eastern Province of Kenya, from Nairobi east to Tsavo and north up to Embu, Kenya. This land is called "Ukambani". They are one of the largest ethnic group in Kenya. They speak the Bantu Kikamba language as a mother tongue. 

The Kamba mostly live in the Machakos District of Kenya. The total population of the Kamba is about 4 million. The Kamba are also called Kikamba, Kekamba, Masaku, Ukamba, Kitui and Mumoni.

Abdülaziz

Abdulaziz (Ottoman Turkish: عبد العزيز) (8 February 1830 – 4 June 1876) was the 32nd Sultan of the Ottoman Empire and was 111st Caliph of Islam. He ascended the throne when he was 31 years old, reigned between 25 June 1861 and 30 May 1876. He was the son of Sultan Mahmud II and became sultan after the death of his brother Abdülmecid I. He was deposed in 1876, having become unpopular, and was found dead six days later.

Abdulaziz was fond of wrestling, hunting and arm wrestling. He expanded and modernized the Ottoman navy, making it the third largest in the world. This resulted in large debts to European countries. He also bought modern weapons for the Ottoman Army and expanded it.

Sultan Abdulaziz frequently organized trips to inland and abroad. He was the first Sultan who visited Egypt after Yavuz Sultan Selim who had conquered Egypt in 1517.

As well as principalities Abdulaziz was the first Sultan who visited Europe. And often contacted with other countries' leaders.

In the peroid of Abdulaziz the Ottomans pay attention to get along with West. Ottoman's westernization politics that began with the Edict Of Gülhane of the Tanzimat was continued.

New provinces were created country-wide and the Istanbul University's system re-edited by copying France's education system. Sirkeci Train Station began to be built in the Abdülaziz era.

Here are some modernization introductions enacted by him.


In 1864 the westernizing Ottoman sultan Abdülaziz imported 90 mares and two stallions from Count Branicki"s studs in Bialocerkiew/Poland.
Only male descendants of Abdulaziz are considered representatives of the former Ottoman throne.

Cammie King

Eleanore Cammack "Cammie" King (5 August 1934 – 1 September 2010) was an American actress. Her acting career was short, but with notable movies. She played Bonnie Blue Butler in "Gone with the Wind" in 1939. She provided the voice for the fawn Faline in the Disney movie "Bambi" in 1942.

King was born in Los Angeles. She died from lung cancer at age 76.

Money (Pink Floyd song)

"Money" is a song by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd. The song was on their 1973 album "The Dark Side of the Moon". It was written by their bassist/co-lead singer Roger Waters, and it was the first song on the second side of the original album. Money is the only song on the album to enter the top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Money" is noted for its unusual 7/4–4/4 time signature, and the sounds of money-related objects that begins the song.

One of Gilmour's ideas for the solo section was that, for the second chorus of the solo, all special effects would be completely off (referred to as "dry"), creating the sense of just four musicians playing in a small room. For this "dry" chorus, all musicians played softly and subtly, with Gilmour's solo, now one single guitar, playing very little. Then, for the third chorus, the dynamics would suddenly rise, with heavy use of reverb and echo (a "wet" sound), additional rhythm-guitar parts in the background, and the drums becoming heavy and almost chaotic.

The notes and chords are based on the regular twelve-bar blues in the musical key of B minor, with the sung melody and nearly all of Gilmour's solo based on the pentatonic and blues scales. Two twelve-bar verses are followed by a twenty-bar instrumental section that features a blues-style tenor saxophone solo (played by Dick Parry) along with keyboard, bass and drums and a further two-bar intro in 4/4 leading to the guitar solo, which is structured like a twelve-bar blues, but doubled to a twenty-four-bar length.

The lyrics are quickly talked about in the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall", when the main character, Pink, is caught writing poems in class by his teacher. The teacher takes the poem from him and reads it in a very mean manner, wanting Pink's classmates to laugh. The poem is a part of the lyrics to "Money".

The first rough recordings of the song, including some of the sound effects, were recorded in a small recording studio Roger Waters had in his garden shed. As recorded by the band, the song has a sad feel, unlike Waters' original version, which he later talked about as "prissy and very English". As heard on "", the demo is in G-sharp minor, as opposed to the B minor of the final version. The instrumental section was worked on by both Gilmour and Waters, with Gilmour overseeing the time change as well as his own guitar and voice work, and Richard Wright and Nick Mason making up their own parts. Dick Parry added the tenor saxophone solo that comes before the guitar solo. Gilmour's advice is also seen in the final mix, which features "wet" and "dry" sections. To produce the special high notes that make up the final chorus of his solo, Gilmour played a special Lewis guitar with twenty-four frets, allowing a large variety of notes.

One of the special elements of "Money" are the sound effects that begin the song. These were made by putting together recordings Waters had made of clinking coins, a ringing cash register, tearing paper, a clicking counting machine and other items.

In the video "Classic Albums: Pink Floyd – The Making of The Dark Side of the Moon", engineer Alan Parsons talked about the recording of the band's first backing track for the song: They used the sound-effect tape loop as a sort of metronome, but Parsons gradually faded out the loop before the vocals started. As the song went on, the band slowly sped up, yet later, between the second verse and the saxophone solo, Parsons briefly raised up the volume of the effects loop, and just by coincidence, it turned out to fit the beat. After this point, the loop is not heard again.

The song was re-recorded for the 1981 Pink Floyd album, "A Collection of Great Dance Songs", because Capitol Records refused to let Columbia Records have the track in the US. With the help of producer James Guthrie, Gilmour re-recorded the song, providing vocals and playing all the instruments except saxophone (resulting in a much simpler drum part). Parry again added the sax solo, redoing his role on the original recording.

The music video for "Money" features scenes of various ways of making and spending money, and includes brief closeups of a coin spinning.


with:



Cynthia Myers

Cynthia Jeanette Myers (September 12, 1950 – November 4, 2011) was an American actress and fashion model. She acted primarily in B-movies. She was "Playboy" Playmate of the Month in December 1968. Her most famous theatrical movie was "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls", a 1970 movie in which she starred as bisexual musician Casey Anderson.

Myers was born in Toledo, Ohio. She died due to lung cancer at age sixty-one.

Evelyn Lauder

Evelyn Lauder (August 12, 1936 – November 12, 2011) was an American businesswoman and socialite. She became well known for being one of the creators of the pink ribbon symbol of breast cancer.

Lauder was Senior Corporate Vice President of Estée Lauder Companies. She was responsible for raising over $13 million for a breast cancer club that had the Evelyn Lauder name. Lauder was born into a Jewish family in Vienna, Austria, but later relocated to and was raised in New York City. She died at home in Manhattan, New York City, due to complications of ovarian cancer at 75.

Billie Jo Spears

Billie Jean Spears (January 14, 1937 – December 14, 2011) was an American country music singer. She reached the top ten in the country charts five times. She first sang "Harper Valley PTA", though that failed to chart. Her biggest song was "Blanket on the Ground" in 1975. She had other popular singles. Billie was born in Beaumont, Texas. She died of cancer at age seventy-four.

Tintoretto

Tintoretto (1518 – 31 May 1594), born Jacopo Comin, was an Italian Renaissance painter. He was known by the nickname Il Furioso. His works are very dramatic, often depicting muscular figures and a bold use of perspective. These elements he paints in the Mannerist style. His use of colour and light, however, is typical of the Venetian School.

Tintoretto was from Venice. He spent most of his life painting there. He was a devout Roman Catholic. He painted frescos and other murals on the walls and ceilings of several churches and other buildings in Venice, such as the Scuola Grande di San Rocco, the Doge's Palace. His largest work is "Il Paradiso", which dominates the main hall of the Doge's Palace. It is 22.6 x 9.1 metres in size, and is said to be the largest painting ever done on canvas.




Nok culture

The Nok culture was an ancient civilisation in what is now Nigeria. It appeared around 1000 BC and vanished around 300 CE. This civilisation lived in northern and central Nigeria. Its social system is thought to have been very advanced for its time. The Nok are considered to be the earliest producers of life-sized Terracotta sculptures in sub-Saharan Africa. It has been suggested that the Nok culture eventually evolved into the Yoruba. The use of iron, in smelting and forging tools, appears in the Nok culture at least by 550 BC and possibly earlier.

Magic (illusion)

Magic is the performance of tricks or the creation of illusions. It is a type of performing art that entertains audiences. It is done by a magician or an illusionist. The magician does things that look impossible or supernatural by ordinary means. Card tricks, disappearing beauties, pulling a rabbit from a hat, and sawing a person in half are examples of this kind of magic.

Renminbi

The renminbi is the currency of the People's Republic of China. It is the main currency used in mainland China. It is also sometimes accepted in Hong Kong and Macau, and can be easily exchanged in those territories. The currency is issued by the People's Bank of China, the monetary authority of China. Its name means "people's currency".

The main unit of renminbi is the "yuán". One yuan is divided into 10 "jiǎo." One jiǎo is subdivided into 10 "fēn". Renminbi banknotes are available in denominations from 1 jiao to 100 yuan (¥0.1–100). Coins have denominations from 1 fen to 1 yuan (¥0.01–1). Some denominations exist in both coin and banknote form. Coins under ¥0.1 are rarely used.

Currently, only ¥20,000 can be taken in or out of China without declaring it, or telling customs that you have it.


Scandinavian Mountains

The Scandinavian Mountains are a mountain range that runs through the Scandinavian Peninsula. The western sides of the mountains drop steeply into the North Sea and Norwegian Sea, where they form the fjords of Norway. To the north they form the border between Norway and Sweden, and passing across the Arctic Circle. A small part of the range runs into Finland, but this part mostly consists of hills.

Galdhøpiggen in southern Norway is the highest peak in the range, at . Kebnekaise has the highest peak on the Swedish side, at . Halti is the highest peak in Finland, at . The range's proximity to the Arctic and the North Atlantic ocean has caused the formation of many icefields and glaciers.

Uto-Aztecan languages

Uto-Aztecan or Uto-Aztekan is a language family of the Americas. It consists of over 30 languages. Almost all of the Uto-Aztecan languages are found in the Western United States and Mexico. The name of the language family was given to show that it links the Ute language of Utah and the Aztecan languages of Mexico. The language of the Aztecs and its modern relatives are part of the Uto-Aztecan family.

Tyrant flycatcher

The tyrant flycatchers (Tyrannidae) are a clade of passerine birds from the Americas. They are the largest family of birds on Earth, with more than 400 species. They are the most diverse family of birds in every country in South and Central America. They also live in North America.

The family is named after the Old World flycatchers. Some members have similar features to the Old World flycatchers, but they are not related to them. They are members of suborder Tyranni. They do not have the song (vocal capabilities) of most other songbirds. 

Tyrant flycatchers are opportunistic feeders and often catch any insect they run across. Some, like the large great kiskadee, may eat fruit or small vertebrates such as frogs.

Kingbirds are flycatchers of the genus "Tyrannus". They can be quite aggressive in defence of their interests.


Semyon Frug

Semyon Grigorevich Frug (born in 1860) was a writer. He was born into a family of Jewish farmers in southern Ukraine. From 1912 until his death in 1916, he lived in Odessa, where the sixth edition of his three-volume "Complete Works" was published in 1913.

His talent was at its best in Odessa. Frug's works were mainly written in Russian with a few stories written in Yiddish. In his writing, he described the life of the Jewish colonists, their relationships with their Ukrainian and Russian neighbors, and the disagreements and occasional arguments about various Yiddish dialects. Many of Frug's poems were set to music and performed on stage.

Meg Tilly

Margaret Elizabeth Chan (or Meg Tilly; February 14, 1960) is a Canadian and American actress who has received Academy Award nominations. She played a prostitute in the television drama "Hill Street Blues", Madame de Tourvel in the movie "Valmont" and Chloe in "The Big Chill". Tilly received a Golden Globe Award for her performances.

Tilly was born in California. She was raised in British Columbia.

Susan Ann Sulley

Susan Ann Sulley (sometimes known as Susan Ann Gayle; born 22 March 1963) is a British singer-songwriter. She began singing at age 17. She worked with The Human League and had major hit singles with them, including "Human" in 1986. Sulley was born in Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.

Ann Patchett

Ann Patchett (December 2, 1963) is an American author who writes literary fiction. She has written many novels, including "Run", "The Patron Saint of Liars" and "Taft". Patchett was born in Los Angeles, although she later moved to Nashville, Tennessee.

List of kings of Sparta

Sparta was an important Greek city-state in the Peloponnesus. It was unusual in that it had a diarchial system, with two kings ruling at the same time. The kings were called "Arkhagêtai". They were hereditary rulers, and came from two separate dynasties. According to tradition, the two lines, the Agiads and Eurypontids, were descended from the twins Eurysthenes and Procles. These twins were said to be the descendants of Heracles, who conquered Sparta two generations after the Trojan War. The dynasties were named after the twins' grandsons, the kings Agis I and Eurypon. The "Agiad" line was regarded as being senior to the "Eurypontid" line.

Although there are lists of earlier Kings of Sparta, there is little evidence to show that any kings existed before the middle of the 6th century BC.

Many kings of Sparta are described in Greek mythology.




The dynasty was named after its second king, Agis.
The dynasty is named after its third king Eurypon. Not shown is Lycurgus, who served for a short time as regent either for the minor Charilaus (780–750 BC) or for Labotas (870–840 BC) the Agiad.
After Cleomenes III was defeated by Antigonus III Doson of Macedon and the Achaean League in the Battle of Sellasia, the Spartan kingship began to fail. Sparta was a republic from 221 to 219 BC. The dual monarchy was restored in 219 BC.

Nabis, who was regent for Pelops, deposed Pelops and took the throne for himself. He claimed to be descended from the Eurypontid king Demaratus. He ruled from 206–192 BC. Laconicus was the last known king of Sparta. He took the throne in 192 BC. The Achaean League took control of Sparta in 192 BC.


University of Magallanes

The University of Magallanes (UMAG) is a university in Punta Arenas, Chile.



Pericles, Prince of Tyre

Pericles, Prince of Tyre is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a comedy. Shakespeare's source was "The Patterne of Painefull Adventures" (1576) by Lawrence Twine. "Pericles, Prince of Tyre" was probably first acted between 1608 and 1609. It was probably first printed in quarto form in 1609.

Measure for Measure

Measure for Measure is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a comedy. Shakespeare's source may be George Whetstone's "Promos and Cassandra". "Measure for Measure" may have been first acted on 24 December 1606. It was probably first printed in the First Folio of 1623.

Richard II (play)

Richard II is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a history play. Shakespeare's sources were probably "Holinshed's Chronicles" and "The Civil Wars" (1595) by Samuel Daniel. "Richard II" was probably first printed in 1597. It was first acted on 7 February 1601. 

Henry V (play)

Henry V is a play by William Shakespeare. It is called a history play. Shakespeare's source was "The Chronicles of England, Scotland and Ireland" by Raphael Holinshed. The play was probably first acted between 1598 and 1599. It was first printed in 1600. Laurence Olivier and Kenneth Branaugh have both made movies of the play.

Henry IV, Pt. 2

Henry IV, Pt. 2 is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a history play. Shakespeare's source was "The Chronicles of England, Scotland and Ireland" by Raphael Holinshed. It was probably first acted on 3 March 1592. It was probably first printed in 1594. 

The Taming of the Shrew

The Taming of the Shrew is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a comedy. Shakespeare's source was "Suppositi" (1509) by Ludovico Ariosto. George Gascoigne's play "Supposes" (1566) may have also been used. The play was probably first acted between 1593 and was first printed in 1623 in the First Folio. The musical, "Kiss Me Kate", was based on the play. Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton made a movie of the play.

Timon of Athens

Timon of Athens is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a tragedy. Shakespeare's source was probably "The Misanthrope" by Lucian. "Timon" was probably first acted between 1607-1608. It was probably first printed in the First Folio of 1623. 

Iolanthe

Iolanthe, or The Peer and the Peri is an operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the seventh of the team's fourteen operettas. It opened at the Savoy Theatre on 25 November 1882. It had a run of 398 performances. It is the first of the operettas to have its first performance at the Savoy. The story is about a group of immortal fairies who find themselves on a different side as the House of Peers. The opera makes fun of many parts of British government and law.

Princess Ida

Princess Ida; or, Castle Adamant is a three-act operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the eighth of their fourteen operettas. It premiered at the Savoy Theatre in London, England on 5 January 1884. It had 246 performances, a short run compared with the team's other operettas. After the operetta closed, it was not revived in London until 1919. 

Gilbert based "Princess Ida" on a play he wrote in 1870 called "The Princess". This play was based, in turn, on "The Princess", a long poem of 1847 by Alfred, Lord Tennyson. "Ida" is the only Gilbert and Sullivan operetta in three acts. It is their only operetta to be written in blank verse. 

"Princess Ida" was a great success with early audiences, but the critics did not like it. Sullivan told Gilbert three weeks after the opening that he would not write another comic opera, and it appeared their collaboration was over. "Princess Ida" has its roots in the work of a poet little read today, and its themes are somewhat dated. The operetta is not a modern audience favorite. 

In her babyhood, Princess Ida was betrothed to Prince Hilarion. In her young womanhood however, she has forsaken the company of men and has set up an all-female university. Hilarion and two of his friends, Cyril and Florian, gain entrance to the school disguised as women. They are discovered, and war ensues. As the casualties mount, Princess Ida relents and accepts Hilarion as her husband to be.


The Sorcerer

The Sorcerer is an operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the third of their fourteen operettas. It opened in London at the Opera Comique on 17 November 1877. It ran for 178 performances. The play is about the effects of a love potion on the residents of an English village. 


Trial by Jury

Trial by Jury is one-act operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the second of their fourteen collaborations and their earliest work still performed today. It opened at the Royalty Theatre in London on 25 March 1875 with Jacques Offenbach's "La Périchole" and the farce, "Cryptoconchoid Syphonostomata". 

"Trial by Jury" moved about to several different theatres. It was performed about 300 times in its first two years. It was a popular and a critical success. It is only about 45 minutes long, has only one act, and has no spoken words. 

"Trial" is about a young man who is sued for jilting his bethrothed. The judge hearing the case decides to marry the young woman himself. Today, it is sometimes played with another Gilbert and Sullivan operetta such as "H.M.S. Pinafore". 


The Yeomen of the Guard

The Yeomen of the Guard, or The Merryman and his Maid is an operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It was first performed on 3 October 1888. It had 423 performances. It is the eleventh of fourteen operettas written by Gilbert and Sullivan. Unlike their previous operettas, "Yeomen" is darker and more serious in its tone and atmosphere.

Thespis

Thespis, or The Gods Grown Old is an operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the first of their fourteen operettas. It was commissioned in 1871 by John Hollingshead, manager and owner of the Gaiety Theatre in the Strand. It was not well rehearsed, and lasted only 65 performances. It was generally well received by the critics.

"Thespis" takes place on Mount Olympus and tells of a theatrical company which takes over the duties of the ancient Greek gods. Most of the music has been lost, making it impossible to reconstruct the operetta.


The Pirates of Penzance

The Pirates of Penzance; or, The Slave of Duty is a two-act operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the fifth of their fourteen operettas. The London premiere was 3 April 1880 at the Opera Comique. It ran for almost a year, closing on 2 April 1881. It had 363 performances. 

Gilbert, Sullivan, and their manager Richard D'Oyly Carte arrived in New York in October 1879 to present an authorized version of "H.M.S. Pinafore". During this time, Sullivan continued work on the team's next operetta, "Pirates", and completed it on 28 December.

In order to secure the American copyright, the operetta premiered in New York City at the Fifth Avenue Theatre on 31 December 1879. Sullivan conducted.
The operetta was a great success.

In order to secure the British copyright, the operetta had been performed at the Bijou Theatre in Paignton, Devon, the day before the New York premiere on 30 December. The singers wore their costumes from "Pinafore" (they were performing this operetta in nearby Torquay) and sang from hand-written sheets of music newly delivered from the United States.

American director and producer Joseph Papp adapted the operetta for summer performances in Central Park, New York City, in 1980. The production was then staged on Broadway and in the West End with great success. In 1983, a movie version of the Papp adaptation was released, starring Angela Lansbury, pop singer Linda Ronstadt, and Kevin Kline.



The Jew of Malta

The Jew of Malta is a play by Christopher Marlowe. Marlowe's source is unknown. It is possibly a forgotten story, or he may have studied Jewish life first-hand in London. The exact date the play was written is uncertain. It is certain though that it was written no earlier than December 1588. It was first printed in 1633. 

The play is unbalanced; the first two acts show a masterful hand while the last three do not. The character of Barabas, the Jew, is a portrait of depth in the first two acts, but he descends to nothing more than a typical stage villain in the last three. One critic believes the play was ordered on short notice by the players, and Marlowe had only enough time to sketch the character of Barrabas.

Doctor Faustus

The Tragical History of the Life and Death of Doctor Faustus is a play by Christopher Marlowe. It is a tragedy. Marlowe's source was "The English Faust Book" of 1592. The play was first performed about 1592. It was first published in 1604. It tells of a scholar who sells his soul to the devil in exchange for youth, power, knowledge, and wisdom. The play contains the well known line, "Was this the face that launch'd a thousand ships?" The play was released as a movie in 1967 starring Richard Burton.

Dido Queen of Carthage

Dido Queen of Carthage is a play by Christopher Marlowe. It is a tragedy. The date of the play is uncertain. It is probably Marlowe's first play, and possibly written while he was a student at Cambridge University. The source material was Virgil's "Aeneid" and Ovid's "Heroides". Unlike his sources however, Marlowe emphasizes not the character of Aeneas but the character of Dido.


 

Edward II (play)

The Troublesome Reign and Lamentable Death of Edward the Second, King of England, with the Tragical Fall of Proud Mortimer is a play by Christopher Marlowe. It is a history play. It was probably written no earlier than 1590. Marlowe's source was probably "Holinshed's Chronicles". The play is about King Edward II's downfall and his homosexual passion for Piers Gaveston.

Tamburlaine

Tamburlaine is a play by Christopher Marlowe. It is a tragedy written in two parts. The first part was performed in 1587. Both parts were printed in 1590. The play is about the Asiatic emperor Timur the Lame and his obsessive passion for power.

The Massacre at Paris

The Massacre at Paris is a play by Christopher Marlowe. It is thought to be his last play, and probably written about 1593. "Massacre" is about the slaughter of Protestants on Saint Bartholomew's Day in Paris in 1572. The text is significantly flawed, and is likely an actor's recollection of the play rather than the text as Marlowe actually wrote it. What is left of the play is violent and full of jokes about stabbing and murder. As it stands, the play is impossible to perform without extensive alterations.


Javier Porras Santana

Javier Porras Santana (born on August 22, 1981 in Olot, Girona) is a athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see and is a T11/B1 type athlete. He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China and was the third best athlete in the triple jump. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. 

The Chantels

The Chantels was an American female African-American music group. They performed rhythm and blues starting in 1957 and ending in 1970. The first single by the group was "He's Gone", released in 1957. Later that year, the song "Maybe" was released. In mid January 1958 it was at #15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

This group had five members. Arlene Smith was the leader. One of the musicians, Jackie Landry Jackson, died during 1997. The Chantels' 1958 single "I Love You So" was in the 1989 movie "Look Who's Talking".


The Dixie Cups

The Dixie Cups is an American girl group. They perform rhythm and blues mixed with pop music. The group formed in 1964 in New Orleans. "Chapel of Love" is their best-known song. The group members are Barbara Ann Hawkins, Joan Johnson and Rosa Lee Hawkins. There have been other members in the past.




OpenVMS

OpenVMS is an operating system, which Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) originally developed for their VAX servers. Later, it was ported, and now also runs on DEC Alpha and Itanium-based systems. It is a 32 bit operating system. When it was published in 1977, it was one of the first of its kind. OpenVMS is capable of supporting many users at a time; each user is able to run several programs at the same time. It was also one of the first operating systems with a Graphical user interface, the VAXstation was a very popular workstation at the time. OpenVMS uses virtual memory, and was originally developed as a time sharing, batch processing system. It was made for transaction processing. The jobs users submit can have a higher priority than those of the operating system. The operating system offers high availability through clustering: The system load can be distributed over multiple computers. That way, the system is "disaster-tolerant": One machine that fails will not shut the operation down.

OpenVMS introduced many features that became standard in later operating systems:
Today, OpenVMS is used in many projects where availability and uptime are critical: These include banks and insurance companies. Systems staying active for over a decade have been reported. A feature called "rolling upgrade" allows to upgrade software or hardware without the need to shut the system down. A data center that is destroyed will not lead to downtime either, if the system is configured properly. Customers using OpenVMS include banks and financial services, hospitals and healthcare, network information services, and large-scale industrial manufacturers of various products.

Color Me Badd

Color Me Badd is an American new jack swing, pop music and R&B boy band that formed in 1987. The group consists of several men. It is from Oklahoma City. Their debut studio album "C.M.B." was released in 1991 and featured the popular singles "Thinkin' Back", "I Wanna Sex You Up" and "Slow Motion". One of their songs was part of the soundtrack of the movie "New Jack City".



Karina Lombard

Karina Lombard (born 21 January 1969) is a French-American actress who acts primarily in independent movies. She played Antoinette Cosway in the 1993 movie "Wide Sargasso Sea" and Isabel Two in "Legends of the Fall" the following year. Lombard was born in Tahiti, French Polynesia, though is a naturalized United States citizen.

Utopia, Limited

Utopia, Limited, or The Flowers of Progress is an operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the thirteenth of their fourteen operettas. It opened at the Savoy Theatre on 7 October 1893. It had a run of 245 performances.

The Grand Duke

The Grand Duke; or, The Statutory Duel is a two-act operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the last of their fourteen operettas. It opened on 7 March 1896 and closed after 123 performances.


New Zealand parrot

The Strigopoidea is a small superfamily of New Zealand parrots. It only has three genera: "Nestor", the Kakapo "Strigops" and the fossil "Nelepsittacus".

The genus "Nestor" consists of the Kea, and the Kaka, while the genus "Strigops" contains the iconic Kākāpō. All living species are endemic to New Zealand. The modern common species names, Kea, Kākā and Kākāpō, are the same as the original Māori names.

The nearby island species, the Norfolk Kaka and the Chatham Kaka, became extinct in recent times. The extinct species of the genus "Nelepsittacus" have been extinct for 16 million years. All living forms are threatened. Human activity caused the two extinctions and the decline of the other three species. Settlers introduced invasive species, such as pigs and possums, which eat the eggs of ground nesting birds. Also hunting for food, killing as agricultural pests, habitat loss, and introduced wasps have added to the problem.

The family diverged from the other parrots around 82 million years ago when New Zealand broke off from Gondwana, and the ancestors of the genera "Nestor" and "Strigops" diverged from each other between 60 and 80 million years ago.

Maila Nurmi

Maila Nurmi (11 December 1922 – 10 January 2008) was a Finnish-American actress. She was born Maila Elizabeth Syrjaniemi in Petsamo, Finland. She created the character Vampira in the 1950s. She played Vampira in Ed Wood's "Plan 9 from Outer Space". She also played Vampira in the 1959 movie "The Beat Generation".

Dudley Manlove

Dudley Manlove (June 11, 1914 - April 17, 1996) was an American radio announcer, movie actor, and television actor. He had a few parts in movies that included the space alien, Eros, in Ed Wood's 1959 science fiction classic, "Plan 9 from Outer Space". On television, he appeared in many series including "Dragnet" and "Alfred Hitchcock Presents".

Gregory Walcott

Gregory Walcott (January 13, 1928 – March 20, 2015), born Bernard Wasdon Mattox in Wendell, North Carolina, was an American movie and television actor. He played Jeff Trent in Ed Wood's 1959 science fiction classic, "Plan 9 from Outer Space".

Walcott died of natural causes at his home in Los Angeles, California, aged 87.

Conrad Brooks

Conrad Brooks (born Conrad Biedrzycki; January 3, 1931 – December 6, 2017) was an American actor. He played in Ed Wood's "Plan 9 from Outer Space". He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Brooks died of complications from sepsis on December 6, 2017 at his home in Martinsburg, West Virginia, at the age of 86.


Tom Keene

Tom Keene (1896–1963) was an American actor. He played in Ed Wood's "Plan 9 from Outer Space".

Joanna Lee

Joanna Lee (April 7, 1931 - October 24, 2003) was an American actress, writer and movie director. She played in Ed Wood's "Plan 9 from Outer Space".

Mona McKinnon

Mona McKinnon (1929-1990) was an American actress. She played in three movies associated with Ed Wood: "Jail Bait", "Plan 9 from Outer Space", and "Night of the Ghouls". 

Sea Hunt

Sea Hunt (1958-1961) is an adventure television series. It stars Lloyd Bridges.

Bignose shark

The bignose shark ("Carcharhinus altimus"), also known as the Knopp's shark, is a species of shark in the genus "Carcharhinus", family Carcharhinidae. This species reaches a maximum length of 9.8 feet (3 metres), and can weigh as much as 370 pounds (168 kg). It is found in tropical and subtropical regions, along the edges of continental shelves and insular slopes, at depths of up to 1,410 feet (430 metres).

The Bignose shark is large and slim with a long, wide and bluntly-pointed snout from which it gets its name. It has well developed flaps on the nose, which are clearly visible. The interdorsal ridge (ridge between the two dorsal fins) is high and very visible. The pectoral fins are long and straight. The first dorsal fin has a bluntly-pointed tip, and is located above or behind the pectoral fins. The anal fin is slightly behind the second dorsal fin. 

Bignose sharks are similar in looks to the Night sharks, however the Night sharks have a second dorsal fin which has a free rear tip that is at least twice as long as the height, while the Bignose shark's second dorsal fin has a short free rear tip.

The Bignose shark has a grey coloured body with no visible markings other than being white below and having pectoral fins which have black tips. The tips of all the fins, other than the pelvic fins, are dusky in colour. There may be a green shade along the gills of freshly collected specimens.

Bignose sharks may reach lengths to 9.8 feet (3 metres), and weigh as much as 370 pounds (168 kg). At birth, Bignose shark pups are between 2 and 3 feet (60 to 90 cm) in length. Males reach maturity at 7.1 feet (2.2 metres) in length, and females at 7.4-9.3 feet (2.3-2.8 metres). 

Bignose sharks have been recorded in tropical and subtropical regions. In the western Atlantic Ocean, it is found from Florida (U.S.A), south to Venezuela, while in the eastern Atlantic it has been reported from Senegal to Ghana including the Mediterranean Sea. Reports show that they have been found in the western Indian Ocean including the Red Sea, Mozambique, South Africa, Madagascar, and India. In the Pacific Ocean, it is found off China in the west, Hawaii in the central, and Gulf of California, Mexico, Colombia, and Ecuador in the east.

This large offshore species is found near the edges of continental shelves and insular slopes at depths from near the surface to 1,410 feet (430 metres). The adults often swim at depths greater than 295 feet (90 metres) while the young swim in shallower waters. 

The Bignose sharks are viviparous, meaning that they give live birth instead of laying eggs. One litter of Bignose sharks can contain 3-11 pups which are 60-90 cm long. Male bignose sharks reach maturity at around 2 metres in length, while females reach maturity between 2.3-2.8 metres. Females give birth at different times of the year depending on where they are found. In the Mediterranean Sea, Bignose sharks are known to give birth from August to September, while off the coast of Madagascar, birth occurs during September and October. 

The Bignose shark feeds mainly on bottom-dwelling bony fish (including lizardfish, croakers, flatfish, mackerels, soles, and batfish), cartilaginous fish (including "Squalus" dogfish, "Holohalaelurus" catsharks, "Dasyatis" stingrays, and chimaeras), and cephalopods. 

In English, the Bignose shark is also known as the "Knopp's shark". Other names of the Bignose shark in other languages are "Baboso" (Spanish), "Grootneushaai" (Afrikaan), "Grootsnuithaai" (Dutch), "Karcharinos megalorynchos" (Greek), "Marracho baboso" (Portuguese), "Requin babosse" (French), "Squalo naso grande" (Italian), "Tiburón baboso" (Spanish), "Tiburón narizón" (Spanish), and "Tubarão-baboso" (Portuguese). 

The Bignose shark is caught by offshore trawlers, and rarely by hook and line. It is harvested in the Caribbean region with deep longlines and is used as fish meal for animal feed, and for oil. In U.S waters, this species is currently banned from capture in the commercial shark fishery. 

Although this shark is large, it poses little threat to humans due to its deepwater habitat. 

The Bignose shark is listed as Data Deficient throughout its range, with the exception of Australia, where it is listed as Least Concern by the IUCN. "Data Deficient" means that there is no need for further information on fisheries and population status for this species.

The longline fishery for Bignose sharks is managed and regulated by the National Marine Fisheries Service off the coast of the U.S. Bignose sharks are banned from harvest in U.S. waters. If this species is caught, it must be released immediately into the water in a manner that maximizes the shark's survival. 

Fury (TV series)

Fury (1955–1960) is a dramatic television series. It stars Peter Graves, Bobby Diamond, and William Fawcett. It is about a horse.

William Fawcett

William Fawcett (1894–1974) was an American character actor in movies from 1946 through the 1960s. He also played on television. He starred in the television series, "Fury" from 1955 through 1960. 

He taught English and literature at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln and became a professor of theatre arts at Michigan State University.

Bobby Diamond

Robert LeRoy Diamond (August 23, 1943 – May 15, 2019) was an American actor. He starred in the 1950s television series "Fury" as Joey Clark Newton. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Diamond died on May 15, 2019 of cancer in Thousand Oaks, California at the age of 75.

My Little Margie

My Little Margie (1952–1955) is an American television comedy series. It stars Gale Storm.

Gale Storm

Gale Storm (April 5, 1922 – June 27, 2009) was an American actress and singer. She starred in two popular television series of the 1950s, "My Little Margie" and "The Gale Storm Show".

The Persistence of Memory

The Persistence of Memory (; ) is a painting by artist Salvador Dalí. It was done in 1931. It is one of his most famous paintings.

The painting was first shown in 1932. It has been in the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York City since 1934. The painting typifies what critics call "surrealism".
It is easy to recognise and is often used in popular culture.

The painting was the first to have a melting pocket watch, called a "soft watch". Some people thought that the soft watch was inspired by Albert Einstein's theory of relativity. Dalí said that the watches were not inspired by the theory of relativity, but by Camembert cheese melting in the sun.

There is a human in the middle of the painting. The orange clock at the bottom left is covered in ants. Dalí often used ants in his paintings as a symbol for death.

"The Persistence of Memory" uses "the exactitude of realist painting techniques".The painting looks more like something a person might see in a dream, rather than awake.

The rocks to the right are supposed to be a tip of the Cap de Creus peninsula in north-eastern Catalonia. Many of Dalí's paintings were inspired by the landscapes of Catalonia. There is a strange shadow in the foreground of the painting, which is a reference to Mount Pani.

Dalí returned to this idea with "The Disintegration of the Persistence of Memory" (1954). This painting is in the Dalí Museum in St. Petersburg, Florida. The first "Persistence of Memory" is in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City. Dalí also made many lithographs and sculptures of soft watches.


S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike

Solomon West Ridgeway Dias Bandaranaiek (, ; 8 January 1899 – 26 September 1959) commonly known as S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike, was the fourth Prime Minister of Ceylon (now Sri Lanka). He was killed (assassinated) by a Buddhist monk named Talduwe Somarama.

It is believed he was privately tutored and was sent to S.Thomas' for sake of record. He entered Oxford University instead.

Bandaranaike was born in Colombo, Ceylon to a Sinhalese Anglican Christian family and was the son of the powerful Sir Solomon Dias Bandaranike the Maha Mudaliyar (the chief native and advisor to the Governor) of Horagolla Walauwa in Atthanagalla, during the British colonial rule, who named his son after West Ridgeway, the Governor of Ceylon at the time was his god father. In later life he converted to Buddhism in order to join politics. He received his secondary education at St Thomas' College and went on to study modern greats at Christ Church, Oxford University, where he was Secretary of the famous Oxford Union.

As a young lawyer, Bandaranaike became active in the Ceylon National Congress (CNC). He was elected to the Colombo Municipal Council in 1926. From 1931 to 1947 he served in the State Council of Ceylon. In order to raise Sinhala culture and community interests, Bandaranaike organized the Sinhala Maha Sabha in 1936. In 1946 he backed the United National Party (UNP) and held posts from 1947 to 1951. In 1951, Bandaranaike led his Sinhala Maha Sabha out of the UNP and established the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP).

Solomon Dias Bandaranaike

Sir Solomon Dias Abeywickrema Jayatilleke Senewiratna Rajakumaruna Kadukeralu Bandaranaike KCMG, Maha Mudaliyar, JP (22 May 1862 - 31 July 1946) was the chief representative and adviser to the Governor of Ceylon, the King's representative in colonial Ceylon.

Bandaranaike was a member of an Sinhalese family, the son of Mudaliyar Don Christoffel Bandaranaike who was Mudaliyar Governors Gate and 2nd Udagaha Mudaliyar. He was educated at S. Thomas' College, Mount Lavinia in Colombo.

He married Daisy Ezline Obeyesekere in 1898 and his son, S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike became the 4th Prime Minister of Ceylon after independence and his granddaughter Chandrika Kumaratunga became both Prime Minister and President of Sri Lanka. His grandson Anura Bandaranaike became Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.

Dionibel Rodríguez Rodríguez

Dionibel Rodríguez Rodríguez (born April 4, 1991) is an athlete from Spain. He has an intellectual disability: he is a T20 type athlete. He gets help to play track and field from the Carmen Pardo Valcarce Foundation. He competed at the INAS World Games, INAS World Athletics Championships and the INAS World Indoor Athletics Championships.

Rodríguez was born on April 4, 1991. He is from Madrid. Other sports he has played include football and basketball. He has received training in being an electrician.

Rodríguez is a T20 athlete from Spain and competes for the Madrid sports federation in competitions against people from other parts of Spain. He is a member of AD Maratón de Madrid. He also belongs to the Madrid Federation of Intellectual Disability Sports, and Club Sports Medicine Infant Jesus of Carmen Pardo-Valcarce Foundation. Since 2004, when he was 13 years old, he has been helped by the Carmen Pardo Valcarce Foundation. This help makes it so he can compete in athletics. It means he can use the same tools to practice as Rafael Nadal, a Spanish tennis player.

In 2006, when he a 15 year old, Rodríguez was one of the most successful athletes at the Madrid Regional Outdoor Athletics Championship. He competed in the 2007 World Games in Shanghai, China. He competed at the 2008 INAS World Indoor Athletics Championships in Tallinn, Estonia, and he finished second in the 200 meters and third in 4x400 meter relay.

Rodríguez competed in 2010 INAS European Athletics Championship, and won two gold medals: one in the 200 meters and one in the 400 meters. He competed in the 2011 INAS World Games, and won two silver medals in the 400 meters and the 4x100 meter relay. In 2012, he competed at the INAS World Indoor Athletics Championship, and finished first in the 200 meters, third in the relay event and finished fourth in the long jump. He competed in the 2013 INAS World Athletics Championships in the Czech Republic. He finished first in the 200 meters and first in the 400 meters.

Order of Jamaica

The Order of Jamaica is an honor given to any Jamaican citizen or to anyone from any other country. The order was made in 1969. 

Members and Honorary Members must do:

The motto of the Order is "For a covenant of the people".


Order of Prince Henry

The Order of Prince Henry is a knighthood and honor for the citizens of Portugal or any citizen from another country. The order was named after Henry the Navigator. The order was created in 1960.


Royal Order of the Seraphim

The Royal Order of the Seraphim is an order from the country of Sweden. The order can be given to any Swedish citizen or any citizen from any country. It was created in 1748 by Frederick I of Sweden. Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela was honored with the Royal Order.



Nishan-e-Pakistan

The Nishan-e-Pakistan (Grand Cross of the Order of Pakistan) is the second highest grade of the highest ranking order given by the Government of Pakistan. The honour may be given to a citizen from a foreign country. Richard Nixon, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Queen Elizabeth II and Nelson Mandela were among the foreigners. The award was created on 19 March 1957.


Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland

The Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (RCSI) is a medical college in Dublin, Ireland. The college began in 1784. The Royal College of Surgeons is now Ireland’s largest medical school, with over 3000 students from 60 countries.

Notable honorary fellows can be given as an honor in the Royal College. Among the recipients are Nelson Mandela, Jimmy Carter, and Mother Teresa.


Shulchan Aruch

The Shulchan Aruch (, literally: "Set Table") is a compilation of Jewish law, or "halakha." It was written by Rabbi Yosef Karo in 1563 in Tzfat (Safed), a city in the Galilee region of what is now Israel. It was published in Venice two years later. Rabbi Karo was a Sephardi Jew. His "Shulchan Aruch" provided a summary of Jewish law from the Torah and Talmud as understood by Sephardi Jews. 

A few years later, a Polish Rabbi, Moses Isserles, wrote a commentary on the "Shulchan Aruch" called the "mappah" (literally: "tablecloth"). Rabbi Isserles's commentary provided a summary of Jewish law as understood by Ashkenazi Jews. 

Since 1578, copies of the "Shulchan Aruch" have almost always included Rabbi Isserles's commentary. Today, the name ""Shulchan Aruch"" usually means both Karo's work and Isserles's work together. This combined "Shulchan Aruch" is the most widely accepted book of practical Jewish law in the world.

Fury

Fury may refer to:






My Little Pony: Equestria Girls

My Little Pony: Equestria Girls is a 2013 Canadian–American animated musical adventure movie.

The movie is based on the animated television series, "". The movie premiered at the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 15, 2013 and was released on limited screens in Canada and the United States on June 16, 2013. Screenvision added additional showings of the movie to allow more people to see the movie because of a larger-than-expected number of theater-goers in the initial weeks of showing.

The movie takes place after the show's third season finale "Magical Mystery Cure" and is about Twilight Sparkle entering the human world to get back her magical crown after it was stolen by Sunset Shimmer. During her time in the human world, Twilight learns how to behave like a human and meets the human counterparts of her pony friends. With the help of her new friends she hopes to stop Sunset Shimmer and take back her stolen crown.

The film later spawned a franchise of sequels, dolls, an animated web series, merchandise and apparel, and more. The second movie titled "My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Rainbow Rocks" was released theatrically on September 27, 2014. The third film titled "My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Friendship Games" was released on September 26, 2015 on Discovery Family. And the fourth film titled "My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Legend of Everfree" was released on October 1, 2016 on Netflix.

As well as the release of 3, 20 minute specials titled ""Tales of Canterlot High"" which was put on Netflix but was removed in 2022.

5, 44 minute long specials were released from 2018 to 2019, titles with no specific order are: "Spring Breakdown, Forgotten Friendship, Sunset's Backstage Pass, Rollercoaster of Friendship, and Holidays Unwrapped." 

A digital series exclusive to YouTube ran for 50 and 19 episodes each, with the series being split into 2 parts: "Better Together" and "Choose your own Ending." 

In 2017, a series of ""summertime shorts"" ran on the Discovery Network, the first five short ran in July, all airing in August. 


Douglas Engelbart

Douglas Carl "Doug" Engelbart (January 30, 1925 – July 2, 2013) was an American inventor. Engelbart was known for inventing the computer mouse in 1964.

Engelbart was born on January 30, 1925 in Portland, Oregon. He studied at Oregon State College and at the University of California, Berkeley. Engelbart was married to Ballard Engelbart from 1950 until her death in 1997. They had four children. Engelbart died on July 2, 2013 from kidney failure in Atherton, California, aged 88.


Nelson Mandela Square

Nelson Mandela Square is a shopping center in Johannesburg, South Africa. It was last known as Sandton Square. It was renamed Nelson Mandela Square on 31 March 2004 after a 6-metre statue of Nelson Mandela was added on the square. The statue was created to honor the former South African president. 


Pope Valentine

Pope Valentine (in ; 800 – 10 October 827) was head of the Roman Catholic Church for two months in 827.


Falaise

Falaise is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France. 

Falaise is located on the river Ante near Caen in France. The Ante river flows into the larger Dives river. Falaise is in the Normandy region of France. 

Faliase is where William the Conqueror was born. William became Duke of Normandy when he was just a boy. He went on to become the first Norman king of England in 1066. Falaise was where many of the dukes of Normandy resided before William. It is where the Treaty of Falaise was signed in December 1174. It was a treaty between William I of Scotland, King of Scots, and the King of England Henry II Plantagenet.

The town is also the place where Rabbi Yom Tov of Falaise, grandchild of Rashi held his court.

In modern times it is known for the battle of the "Falaise Pocket" during Operation Overlord in August 1944. Two German armies were surrounded by the Allied armies. About 10,000 German soldiers were killed. Over 50,000 were taken prisoner.

Much of Falaise was destroyed by Allied bombs. It was then captured by Canadian and Polish solders. Falaise was restored after the war.


Reddebeitz

Reddebeitz is a district of the city Lüchow in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is located southeast of the city of Lüchow. The village consists mostly of farms with their residential and commercial buildings. West of the town the road runs towards Lüchow 248 and Salzwedel.

The village has about 39 inhabitants. Its name reflects a Slavic settlement.

Galaxian

Galaxian is an arcade video game released by Namco in 1979. In this game, the player controls a spaceship and shoots enemies coming down in different directions. A sequel, "Galaga", was released in 1981.

The game was a very popular game when it was released. It has been ported to many video game consoles such as the Atari 2600, the NES, and the Game Boy. It has also been featured in Namco video game collections such as "Namco Museum Remix" for the Wii.


Asteroids (video game)

Asteroids is an arcade video game released by Atari in 1979. In this game, the player controls a spaceship in an asteroid field. Every once in while, a flying saucer comes on the field. The goal is to destroy the asteroids and flying saucers, while not being hit by them.

The game was very popular, selling 70,000 arcade cabinets. It has been released on many video game consoles, including the Atari 2600, Game Boy Color, and Xbox 360.


Reaganomics

Reaganomics is a portmanteau word of "Reagan" and "economics" created by Paul Harvey. It refers to the economic policies created by U.S. President Ronald Reagan during the 1980s and still widely practiced.

These policies are commonly used with supply-side economics, referred to as trickle-down economics by political enemies and free market economics by political advocates.

The four main ideas of Reaganomics were to reduce the growth of government spending, reduce the federal income tax and capital gains tax, reduce government regulation, and tighten the money supply in order to reduce inflation.

Candy Clark

Candy Clark (born June 20, 1947) is an American model who became an actress. Clark has starred in over 50 movies and television series. She acted as Debbie Dunham in "American Graffiti". Clark played Kate in "Blue Thunder", a 1983 action movie. Candace June Clark was born in Norman, Oklahoma on June 20, 1947.

<br>

The Prince of Egypt

The Prince of Egypt is a 1997 American animated musical drama movie made by DreamWorks Animation. It is a movie adaptation for the Book of Exodus. It follows Moses' life from being a prince of Egypt to ultimate destiny about defending the Israelites. The movie was directed by Brenda Chapman, Simon Wells and Steve Hickner. It featured songs written by Stephen Schwartz. The score was composed by Hans Zimmer. The voice cast for the movie had very popular Hollywood actors. During the musical part of the movie, professional singers replaced them for the songs. The exceptions were Michelle Pfeiffer, Ralph Fiennes, Ofra Haza (who sang her song in over seventeen languages for dubbing), Steve Martin and Martin Short. 

The movie was nominated for best Original Musical or Comedy Score. The film's success led to the direct-to-video prequel "" (2000) and the development of a stage adaptation. It won Best Original Song at the 1997 Academy Awards for "When You Believe". The song's pop version was performed at the ceremony by Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey. The song was co-written by Stephen Schwartz and Hans Zimmer. There were additional production by Babyface. The song was nominated for Best Original Song (in a Motion Picture) at the 1997 Golden Globe Awards. It was also nominated for Outstanding Performance of a Song for a Feature Film at the ALMA Awards.

The movie was released on July 4, 1997. It was released on home video on September 2, 1997. The movie gross $218,613,188 worldwide. It became the first animated featured not released by Walt Disney Pictures to gross over $100 million in the United States. This was before, Paramount/Nickelodeon's "The Rugrats Movie". "The Prince of Egypt" became the top grossing non-Disney animated movie until 2000. The movie, "Chicken Run", took the number one spot. The movie remains the highest grossing traditionally-animated non-Disney movie until 2007. The movie, "The Simpsons Movie", took the number one spot. This is DreamWorks Animation's first movie and only traditionally animated movie to win an Oscar.

In Ancient Egypt, the Hebrews have become slaves and pray to return to the Promised Land ("Deliver Us"). Meanwhile, a female slave called Yocheved and her children, Miriam and Aaron, witness several male infants being ruthlessly taken and butchered by the soldiers of Pharaoh Seti I, who fears that an increase in Hebrew men would culminate in rebellion. Fearing for her own son's safety, she places him in a basket on the Nile. The basket arrives at Pharaoh's palace and Miriam witnesses her brother being taken in by Pharaoh's wife, who names him Moses.

Twenty years later, Moses and his adoptive brother Rameses accidentally destroy a temple while racing their chariots, for which Pharaoh reprimands them. Moses tries to take the blame and tells Pharaoh that Rameses only wanted his approval. At a palace banquet that evening, Pharaoh appoints Rameses as Prince Regent and gives him authority over all the temples in Egypt. Moses is later given Tzipporah, a Midian girl the priests Hotep and Huy captured as a concubine, after she nearly attacks Rameses. Moses ends up humiliating Tzipporah by pushing her into a pool at the palace, and Rameses later appoints him as Royal Chief Architect.

Later that night, Moses helps Tzipporah escape from the palace and, by chance, runs into his siblings Miriam and Aaron. Miriam tries to explain to Moses about his true past, but he refuses to listen and runs back to the palace. He later has a nightmare in which he witnesses several Hebrew infants being thrown in the Nile and later, Seti reveals that he "sacrificed" the Hebrew children, to prevent retaliation. The next day, Moses witnesses an Egyptian overseer whipping an elderly Hebrew slave. He unintentionally kills the guard by pushing him off a scaffolding. Although Rameses pleads with Moses to stay and that he is innocent, Moses bids him farewell, before exiling himself into the desert.

Moses then arrives in the land of the Midianites, a tribe of which Tzipporah is a member. He is welcomed into the tribe by the High Priest and Tzipporah's father Jethro and becomes a part of their community ("Through Heaven's Eyes"). He and Tzipporah later marry. When chasing a stray sheep into a cave, Moses encounters a burning bush. Through this, the voice of God instructs him to return to Egypt and guide the enslaved Hebrews to the Promised Land. He bestows Moses' shepherding staff with his power and promises that He will tell Moses what to say.

Moses and Tzipporah then travel to Egypt and discover that while he was absent, the slaves' treatment has worsened and Pharaoh and his wife have since died, resulting in Rameses taking over. He happily greets Moses. When Moses asks Rameses to free the Hebrews and demonstrates his alliance with God by turning his staff into an Egyptian cobra, Hotep and Huy boastfully recreate this transformation ("Playing With The Big Boys Now"), only to have their snakes eaten by Moses'. Rather than relenting, Rameses doubles the Hebrews' workload. Moses and Tzipporah then encounter Aaron and Miriam, the former berating Moses for not feeling sorry for the years of slavery the Hebrews have endured. Miriam later convinces her brother and the other slaves to trust them. God later inflicts the Ten Plagues on Egypt, however Rameses is undeterred and refuses to give in to Moses' request.

Moses then prepares the Hebrews for the final plague by instructing them to paint their doorposts with lamb's blood. The final plague-the Angel of Death-sweeps through the city, killing the firstborn Egyptians-including Rameses' son-and sparing the Hebrew children. A grief-stricken Rameses then allows Moses and the Hebrews to leave.

The next day, Moses, Aaron, Miriam and Tzipporah along with the other Hebrews leave Egypt and arrive at the Red Sea ("When You Believe"). Rameses and his army then arrive and pursue them, and Moses parts the sea with his staff. The Hebrews are guided safely across and the waters close on the Egyptian army, while Rameses is spared and thrown onto the rocks. Moses then bids his brother a final, emotional farewell, before leading the Hebrews to Mount Sinai, where he receives the Ten Commandments from God.


Director Brenda Chapman briefly voices Miriam when she sings the lullaby to Moses. The vocal had been recorded for a scratch audio track, which was intended to be replaced later by Sally Dworsky. The track turned out so well that it remained in the film.




Red ribbon

The red ribbon is used as a symbol of awareness and solidarity of people living with HIV/AIDS. Several organisations, such as the Red Ribbon Foundation, use the red ribbon as a symbol of the fight against AIDS.


Veronica Cartwright

Veronica A. Cartwright (born April 20, 1949) is an English born American actress who has worked mainly in American television series and movies. She played Nancy in the 1978 version of "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", Betty Grissom in "The Right Stuff" and Elaine Swit in "My Man Adam".

Angela Cartwright

Angela Cartwright (9 September 1952) is an English born and American actress who stars in both movies and television programs. She acted as Brigitta in the 1965 movie"The Sound of Music". She also acted as Penny Robinson in the 1960s television series "Lost in Space". She is the sister of Veronica Cartwright, who is also a television and movie actress. Angela Cartwright was born in Cheshire, England.

<br>

The Right Stuff (movie)

The Right Stuff is a 1983 movie. It is about astronauts and the military in 1947. Dennis Quaid, Donald Moffat, Ed Harris, Scott Glenn, Sam Shepard, Barbara Hershey and Lance Henriksen are in the cast. "The Right Stuff" got positive reviews from the movie critics. The movie got limited release in the United States in October 1983 and nationwide on February 17, 1984. The movie performed well in the box office.

Lance Henriksen

Lance Henriksen (born May 5, 1940) is an American actor and artist. He works mostly in action, science fiction, horror and thriller movies. Henriksen has appeared in over 200 movies. He played astronaut Walter Schirra in "The Right Stuff" and Murphy in "Dog Day Afternoon". Henriksen was born in New York City.

<br>

The Gulag Archipelago

The Gulag Archipelago () is a book in three volumes by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. The gulags were the forced labour camps in the Soviet Union from the 1930s to the 1950s.

The narrative relies on accounts from people who experienced the events, including the author himself, who was a prisoner in one of the labour camps. The book was written between 1958 and 1968. It was published in the West in 1973. In the Soviet Union, the book circulated in samizdat until its official publication in 1989.

The word "archipelago" compares the network of labor camps to a vast chain of islands.

Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the formation of the Russian Federation, "The Gulag Archipelago" is included in the high-school curriculum in Russia. It has been compulsory reading for high-school students since 2009.




Negaprion

Negaprion is one of the 12 genera in the family Carcharhinidae. There are currently two known living species in this genus: the Lemon shark, and the Sicklefin lemon shark.

Both species are large and stocky, have a wide, blunt snout, and have two large dorsal fins of similar size. They are both yellowish-brown on their dorsal surface, and have a white belly.
They also both have a similar diet consisting of bony fish, crustaceans, stingrays, and smaller sharks. Also, both species are viviparous.

The Lemon shark is the smaller of the two species, reaching a maximum length of 3.4 metres, but usually ranges between the lengths of 2.4 to 3 metres long. Pups are around 24 to 26 inches long when born.

The Lemon shark inhabits tropical and subtropical shallow waters of coastal areas of the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean. It is often found in coral reefs, mangroves, enclosed bays, and even river mouths. 

The Sicklefin lemon shark is the larger of the two species, reaching a maximum length of 3.8 metres. Pups are around 18 to 32 inches long when born.

The Sicklefin lemon shark inhabits continental and insular shelves, and is common on coral reefs, as well as in shallow, sandy-bottom lagoons, and mangrove swamps. 


Moulding

Moulding (or molding) is the shaping of raw material using a solid frame of a particular shape, called a pattern. It is a process used in manufacturing. A mould is a hollow container that will hold the liquid material until it turns solid. The liquid hardens or sets inside the mould, adopting its shape. Materials commonly used in moulding include plastic, metal, glass and ceramic.

Tyres are made using moulds, where the molten rubber is poured into the mould and then left to set. Moulds can vary greatly in size. They are usually made of hardened steel which can resist wearing.

Compression moulds work by taking the empty mould and placing a piece of unshaped rubber inside. The mould is then pressed shut using high heat and pressure forcing the rubber to liquify and flow into the recess created for the part while excess rubber is forced into the moulds dump groove. It is important when making a mould to keep in mind that when the part cools it will shrink slightly.

Injection moulds work under the same principle as compression moulds except that instead of pressing the mould together on the rubber the mould is first closed and the liquid rubber is then injected into a fill hole drilled into the mould. This is used more for plastic products.

Press type of mold includes bending, trimming, edging, and drawing. Some parts are molded through several procedures, and a progressive press molding is used to perform these procedures sequentially.

A plastics mold is used to mold parts by melting a molding material such as plastics with heat and pressure into the mold.

Mould (disambiguation)

Mould or mold is a kind of fungus. The word can also refer to:




Cleat

Cleats or studs are spikes or studs that are attached to the bottom of a shoe to provide more traction (grip) on a soft or slippery surface. Shoes specially designed for several kinds of sports, such as baseball and all the different kinds of football, have cleats, so that the players do not slip on the ground so easily. Ice cleats (or crampons) are a type of spikes that usually are attachable to the soles of shoes to prevent slipping on ice.

Jean Dujardin

Jean Dujardin (born 19 June 1972 in Rueil-Malmaison, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French actor and comedian. He was the first French actor to win an Academy Award. He won it in the year 2011 for the movie "The Artist". He also won a Golden Globe Award and a British Academy Film Award.

Before acting, Dujardin worked for a construction company. He began his acting career at local cabarets in Paris. From 1999 to 2003 he acted in a Canadian comedy television series "Un Gars, une fille". His wife Alexandra Lamy also starred in the series.

Janet McTeer

Janet McTeer, OBE (born 5 August 1961) is an English actress. She was born in Newcastle. Her parents are Jean (née Morris) and Alan McTeer. She spent her childhood in York.

Coriolanus

The Tragedy of Coriolanus is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a tragedy. Shakespeare's source was Plutarch's "Life of Caius Martius Coriolanus". It was probably was first acted between 1607 and 1608. It was probably first printed in 1623 in the First Folio. 

Alexa Nikolas

Alexa Helen Nikolas (born April 4, 1992 in Chicago) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as "Nicole Bristow" on the Nickelodeon television series "Zoey 101".

Nikolas is the only child of Alexandra Nikolas, a real estate salesman. Her grandmother was a beauty pageant winner in Texas.

She was to see in the musicvideo of Vanessa Anne Hudgens' Single "Come Back to Me".

Nikolas married Canadian electronic musician Mike Milosh in 2012. In 2016, Nikolas and Milosh divorced.

In May 2020, Nikolas announced via her Instagram that she was pregnant with her first child with her boyfriend Michael Gray. She confirmed the birth of her child in November 2020. In July 2021, Nikolas announced on Instagram that she married Gray on July 26, 2021, at Crystal Lake in Angeles National Forest in Southern California. In January 2023, Nikolas announced on Instagram that she was pregnant with her second child. Her second child was born in August 2023.

1983 Beirut barracks bombings

The 1983 Beirut barracks bombings were a double terrorist attack that happened on 23 October 1983 during the Lebanese Civil War. Two suicide truck bombs hit buildings housing French and American troops. In total, 299 people were killed. A group called Islamic Jihad Organization claimed responsibility for the attacks.

The Merry Wives of Windsor

The Merry Wives of Windsor is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a comedy. "The Merry Wives of Windsor" was first acted between 1600 and 1601. It was first printed in 1602.

Shakespeare usually based his plays on works by other writers. "Merry Wives" however is completely Shakespeare's invention. Legend says Queen Elizabeth I liked the character of Falstaff so much that she wanted to see him in love, and begged Shakespeare to continue his adventures after the two parts of "Henry IV".


The story follows the old, fat, penniless knight Sir John Falstaff as he tries to swindle money from two ladies of Windsor, England. They are aware of his schemes from the beginning. They punish him in various ways, including a ducking in a river after he hides in a basket of dirty laundry to avoid their husbands. A subplot involves a young woman convincing her parents to allow her to marry the man she loves.

Operas based on the play include "Falstaff" (1799) by Antonio Salieri, "The Merry Wives of Windsor" (1849) by Carl Otto Nicolai, "Falstaff" (1893) by Giuseppe Verdi, and "Sir John in Love" (1929) by Ralph Vaughan Williams.

 

Jennifer 8

Jennifer 8 is a 1992 American mystery and thriller movie. Uma Thurman plays Helena Robertson, John Malkovich plays the Special Agent St. Anne and Kathy Baker plays Margie Ross. The movie is about a cop in California feeling burnout when his marriage collapses. This movie is also about abduction and murders.

"Jennifer 8" was released in November 1992 in United States theaters. Reviews were mixed. The performance in the box office was substandard. The movie was made for $20 million, and got back almost $11.4 million.

Dead Man Walking

Dead Man Walking is a 1995 American drama movie. The subjects represented in this movie are capital punishment and murder. This was shot near New Orleans, Louisiana. Susan Sarandon plays Sister Helen Prejean and Sean Penn plays a Louisiana inmate on death row. "Dead Man Walking" received positive reviews from critics. The budget was $11 million; it got back $83 million in the box office. This movie was released in December 1995 in the American theaters.

Mulholland Falls

Mulholland Falls is a 1996 American neo-noir crime drama movie. It stars Nick Nolte. Melanie Griffith plays his wife Katherine Hoover, John Malkovich plays Thomas Timms, and Jennifer Connelly plays Allison Pond. The movie is set in the 1950s in Los Angeles. It is about different types of organized crimes happening in the area.

This movie was released in April 1996 in the United States. The reviews were excellent. The box office intake was rather poor: the movie only got back almost $12 million, roughly half its budget of $29 million.

Miller's Crossing

Miller's Crossing is a 1990 mystery crime drama thriller movie by Coen brothers. Gabriel Byrne plays Tom Reagan, Marcia Gay Harden plays Verna Bernbaum, and Frances McDormand plays a secretary. The subject in the movie is Mafia related issues and crimes. The movie was released in September 1990 in the United States. The budget was over $14 million. "Miller's Crossing" earned back only $5 million. However, the movie was critically praised.

Hudson Hawk

Hudson Hawk is an American action-adventure criminal comedy movie released in 1991. In the movie, Bruce Willis plays Hudson Hawk, David Caruso is Kit Kat and Andie MacDowell is Anna Baragli. The subject is burglary and Mafia crimes. This movie was released May 1991. The reviews were very bad. The box office performance was very poor.

Emberizidae

Emberizidae is a large family of passerine birds, which are typically known as buntings in the Old World and American sparrows in the New World. They are seed-eating birds with a finch-like bill.

These birds are not closely related to the (Old World) sparrows, the family Passeridae. The family also includes the North American birds known as juncos and towhees.

The Emberizidae family probably originated in South America and spread first into North America before crossing into eastern Asia and continuing to move west. This explains the comparative paucity of emberizid species in Europe and Africa when compared to the Americas.

Like wih several other passerine families, this family's taxonomy is in a state of flux. Many genera in South and Central America are more closely related to tanager clades, and at least one tanager genus ("Chlorospingus") may belong here in the Emberizidae.

Mohamed Morsi

Mohamed Morsi (, ALA-LC: "Muḥammad Muḥammad Mursī ‘Īsá al-‘Ayyāṭ " ; 8 August 1951 – 17 June 2019) was an Egyptian politician. With the support of the Muslim Brotherhood he became the fifth President of Egypt on 30 June 2012. On 3 July 2012, the Egyptian defense minister Abdul Fatah Khalil Al-Sisi declared that Morsi would no longer be president, after many people who wanted him to resign began protesting.

On 16 May 2015, Morsi was sentenced to death by an Egyptian court for passing state secrets to Qatar. In 2016 a higher court overturned the death penalty, pending another trial.

On 17 June 2019, Morsi reportedly had a heart attack in a Cairo court and later died, aged 67.

Family Business

Family Business is a 1989 crime comedy movie which stars Dustin Hoffman, Matthew Broderick and Sean Connery. The subjects are Mafia activities, manipulation and schemes. The release date of "Family Business" was in December 1989. The movie got extremely negative review by critics. Its box office intake was only barely $12 million.

Boeing C-137 Stratoliner

The Boeing C-137 Stratoliner is a military variant of the Boeing 707 airliner. It is used by the US Air Force for air support, and for transport of the President of the United States and U.S. Federal Government. In this case it is known as Boeing VC-137.

Sikorsky VH-60N White Hawk

The Sikorsky VH-60N White Hawk is a special variant of the Sikorsky UH-60 Blackhawk used for transport of the President of the United States as Marine One. It entered service in the year 1988

Midnight in Paris

Midnight in Paris is a 2011 American-Spanish fantasy romantic comedy movie from 2011. The cast include Kathy Bates as Gertrude, Rachel McAdams as Inez and Mimi Kennedy as Helen, Inez' mother. The subject is multiple romantic encounters. This movie was directed by Woody Allen. "Midnight in Paris" was released in May-June 2011 in the United States. It got very positive reviews from critics.


Dassault/Dornier Alpha Jet

The Dassault-Breguet/Dornier Alpha Jet is a French and German training aircraft. Its first flight was in October 1973. It is a twin-turbojet, two-seat aircraft built entirely of metal. It is used by the famous aerobatic team of the Patrouille de France. 

Cancer Ward

Cancer Ward is a semi-autobiographical novel by Russian author Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. It was first published in 1967, and banned in the Soviet Union in 1968.

The novel tells the story of a small group of cancer patients in Uzbekistan in 1955. This was the post-Stalinist Soviet Union. It explores the moral responsibility of those who stood by whilst their fellow citizens were arrested, sent to labor camps, exiled or executed.

Stalin's Great Purge, when millions were unjustly killed, was a campaign of political repression in the Soviet Union. It was orchestrated by Joseph Stalin from 1936 to 1939. It involved a large-scale purge of the Communist Party and government officials and the Red Army leadership, and repression of the peasants. There was widespread police surveillance, suspicion of "saboteurs", imprisonment, and arbitrary executions. In Russian historiography the period of the most intense purge, 1937–1938, is called Yezhovshchina (; literally, "the Yezhov regime"), after Nikolai Yezhov, the head of the Soviet secret police, the NKVD.

One of the patients had denounced a man eighteen years before to get the whole apartment they were living in together. He fears that the man, now free, might seek revenge. Others come to realize that their passivity, their failure to resist, makes them as guilty as any other. "You haven't had to do much lying, do you understand?" Shulubin tells the main character, Oleg Kostoglotov, who was in a labor camp. "At least you haven't had to stoop so low – you should appreciate that! You people were arrested, but we were herded into meetings to 'expose' you. They executed people like you, but they made us stand up and applaud the verdicts ... And not just applaud, they made us demand the firing squad, "demand" it!" 

Toward the end of the novel, Kostoglotov – who, like Solzhenitsyn, was forced into exile under "Article 58", which dealt with counter-revolutionaries – realizes that the damage done to him, and to Russia, was too great. There will be no healing, no normal life now that Stalin has gone. On the day of his release from the cancer ward, toward the end of the novel, he visits a zoo, seeing in the animals people he knew: "[E]ven supposing Oleg took their side and had the power, he would still not want to break into the cages and liberate them ... [D]eprived of their home surroundings, they had lost the idea of rational freedom. It would only make things harder for them, suddenly to set them free".

Canadair CL-215

The Canadair CL-215 is a Canadian sea plane dedicated to firefighting and air transport. It is a twin-engine aircraft. It is, and it was, used in Canada, France, Greece, Turkey, and USA. Bombardier CL-415 is a modernized variant.

Renault Trafic

The Renault Trafic is a commercial van designed and built by French company Renault from 1981 to present.

Opel and Vauxhall make the same vehicle but with different names, The names are: Opel Vivaro and Vauxhall Vivaro.


Andrew Dice Clay

Andrew Dice Clay (born September 29, 1957) is an American comedian and actor. He performs stand-up comedy. He has acted in many comedy and drama movies, including "Pretty in Pink" and "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". Clay was born in Brooklyn, New York with the name Andrew Silverstein.

Renault Mascott

The Renault Mascott is a van designed and built by French company Renault from 1999 to 2010. It is also used as a minibus and fire engine. In 2010 it was replaced by Renault Master, third generation.

Get Shorty

Get Shorty is a 1995 crime-comedy movie. Rene Russo plays Karen Flores, John Travolta is Chili Palmer. Also in this movie are Bette Midler as Doris Saffrin, Harvey Keitel as himself and James Gandolfini as Bear. The subject of the movie is Mafia activities, scheming and loan sharks.

This crime comedy was released October 20, 1995 in United States theaters. The reviews were very positive. The budget was $30.25 million. It got back over $115 million in the box office.

Magic realism

Magic realism, or magical realism, is a genre where magical events invade a realistic environment. It is

The surprise effect of magical realism probably stems from the Western reader's separation from mythology. Mythology is a root of magical realism more easily understood by non-Western cultures.

A characteristic of magic realism is the way a novel might start with a mundane, even boring situation. Examples of writers of magic realism are Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Miguel Ángel Asturias and Ernst Jünger. So, in Mikhail Bulgakov's short story "Diaboliad", we find the central character sitting at an office in a typical Soviet organisation:
Gradually things start to go wrong... And before long, the events seem quite unbelievable. Yet, underneath, some accurate truths about Russia in the 1920s are strongly hinted.

The genre has been applied to other art forms, but it is mostly used about fictional literature.

Karen Ann Quinlan

Karen Ann Quinlan (March 29, 1954 – June 11, 1985) was an important figure in a right to die controversy in the United States. She went unconscious after arriving home from a party. She had overdosed on Valium and alcohol. Whether or not she had drugs inside her system is under controversy. She later went into a persistent vegetative state and was in that condition for ten years. She was removed from ventilation in 1976 but did not die until June 1985, when she had pneumonia. Quinlan was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania in 1954. She died in New Jersey.


Right to die

The right to die is the belief that people have the right to end their own lives. Usually, when people talk about the right to die, they are talking about the right of people with terminal illnesses to end their lives.

The right to die is very controversial. Most arguments about the right to die focus on these questions:

Hinduism accepts the right to die for anyone that has terminal diseases and have no desire to live. Other religions, however, vary in the tolerance of this right, and some call suicide a sin.


Radu Vasile

Radu Vasile (10 October 1942 – 3 July 2013) was a Romanian historian, poet and politician. 

He was the 57th Prime Minister of Romania, serving from 17 April 1998 to 13 December 1999. He was also a Senator from the Democratic Party (PD) from 2000 to 2004. Aside from politics, Vasile used to write poetry under the pen name "Radu Mischiu".

He died from colorectal cancer on 3 July 2013 in Bucharest.

The Last of the Mohicans

The Last of the Mohicans is an adventure story with an historical setting and several historical characters. It was written by James Fenimore Cooper. It was published in 1826. It is set during the French and Indian War in what is now upstate New York.

The book's style is difficult, but the book is one of the most popular stories in the English language. It is often studied in American literature courses. It has been loosely adapted to movies, a movie serial, a television series, and made-for-television movies.

"The Last of the Mohicans" is one of five books in a series informally known as The Leatherstocking Tales. These five books follow the life and career of a fictional American frontiersman named Natty Bumpo. "Mohicans" is the third in the chronological order of the story.

Cooper's sources and influences include British and American books in the Romantic literary tradition such as the "Waverly" books by Sir Walter Scott, travel books, and American folklore about the frontier and frontiersmen.


The story is set in New York State in 1757 during the French and Indian War. It tells of the adventures and dangers Natty Bumpo and his two Indian friends, Uncas and Chingachgook, face as they lead Cora and Alice Munro through the wilderness between Albany and Lake George to their father at Fort William Henry. The siege of the British fort by French and Indian forces, its fall, and the subsequent Massacre at Fort William Henry are historical events against which the action takes place.

Daniel Day-Lewis plays "Nathaniel Poe" (Natty Bumpo) in a 1992 movie loosely based on the book. Randolph Scott plays Bumpo and Bruce Cabot plays Magua in a 1936 movie. Harry Lorraine plays Bumpo and Wallace Beery plays Magua in a 1920 silent movie.

A twelve chapter movie serial directed by Ford Beebe was released to theaters in 1932. It stars Harry Carey as Hawkeye (Natty Bumpo), Mischa Auer as General Marquis de Montcalm, and Yakima Canutt in several small parts.

A television series loosely based on the characters of Bumpo and Chingachgook stars John Hart and Lon Chaney, Jr. It aired for a few seasons, beginning in 1957. A television mini-series and several made-for-television movies have also aired.

Black Dog

Black Dog is a 1998 action thriller movie. Patrick Swayze plays Jack Crews, Brenda Strong plays Melanie Crews. Randy Travis plays Earl. The movie is about a trucker who at first refuses a job, but then learns that his house will be repossessed unless he pays his debt. This movie was rated PG-13 when it was released in the United States in May 1998. It earned back more than USD$12 million in the box office.

Rotten Tomatoes gave "Black Dog" an 11% rating, meaning it is very bad.

Meat Loaf

Michael Lee Aday (born Marvin Lee Aday; September 27, 1947 – January 20, 2022), better known as Meat Loaf, was an American singer and songwriter. He played rock and roll, heavy metal and hard rock. He recorded the single "I'd Do Anything for Love (But I Won't Do That)" in late 1993. He also appeared in over fifty movies and television shows. 

Meat Loaf was born in Dallas, Texas. He went to high school in Lubbock, Texas. He studied at the University of North Texas. Meat Loaf never graduated from college and travelled to Los Angeles to start his career.

When he was 16, on the day of the assassination of John F. Kennedy, Meat Loaf had met the President when he arrived at Dallas Love Field. After hearing about the assassination, he and a friend drove to Parkland Hospital where he saw Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, covered in blood, getting out of the car.

His album, "Bat Out Of Hell", sold over 43 million copies. He played Eddie in the movie "The Rocky Horror Picture Show".

He supported the presidential campaigns of Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Mitt Romney, John McCain, Rick Santorum and Donald Trump.

Meat Loaf died on January 20, 2022 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 74. He died of problems caused by COVID-19. He criticized COVID-19 vaccinations before his death.

Adly Mansour

Adly Mahmud Mansour (; born 23 December 1945) is an Egyptian judge. He was the head of the Supreme Constitutional Court. In July 2013, the military deposed the now former president Mohamed Morsi, and made Mansour the interim President of Egypt. Mass protests which had taken place beforehand prompted this removal. The military made the announcement with several secular and religious leaders, such as Grand Imam of al-Azhar Dr Ahmed el-Tayeb, Coptic Pope Tawadros II and Mohamed ElBaradei. Morsi said that his removal was not valid and continued to maintain that he is the legitimate President of Egypt. Mansour was sworn into office in front of the Supreme Constitutional Court on 4 July 2013.

Mansour graduated in law, from Cairo University. He has done postgraduate education in economics and management science.

Bernie Nolan

Bernadette Therese "Bernie" Nolan (17 October 1960 – 4 July 2013) was an Irish actress, singer, and television personality. She was known for being part of the Irish girl group "The Nolans". 

Nolan was born on 17 October 1960 in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. She was raised in Blackpool, Lancashire, England. Nolan was married to Steve Doneathy from 1996 until her death in 2013. They had a daughter. Nolan died on 4 July 2013 from breast cancer in Surrey, England, aged 52.


Home Alone 2: Lost in New York

Home Alone 2: Lost in New York is an American family Christmas comedy movie. It is directed by Chris Columbus and produced by John Hughes. It was released on November 20, 1992. It is a sequel to the 1990 film "Home Alone" and is the second film in the "Home Alone" series.

It once again stars Macaulay Culkin and features Daniel Stern, Joe Pesci, Catherine O'Hara, and John Heard. New cast includes Tim Curry, Rob Schneider, Brenda Fricker, and Eddie Bracken. The movie score was composed by John Williams. It was mostly filmed in Chicago, New York City, and Miami. Donald Trump made a cameo appearance in the movie. 
The story is set about two years after the 1990 movie. At Christmas, the McCallister family go on vacation to Florida. At the airport, Kevin (Macaulay Culkin) accidentally gets separated from his family. He gets on a plane to New York City and stays at a Plaza Hotel. In New York, Kevin faces the same two burglars who had robbed his house in the first film when his family were in France: the "Wet Bandits", Marv (Daniel Stern) and Harry (Joe Pesci). They are now called the "Sticky Bandits". Kevin tries to stop them from robbing an elderly man's toy store on Christmas Eve. He traps them in his uncle's house, which is being renovated. Harry and Marv later attempt to shoot Kevin at Central Park, but a homeless pigeon lady (Brenda Fricker) throws bird seed at them causing pigeons to attack them. The burglars are caught by the police and go back to jail once again.


Jennifer Grey

Jennifer Grey (born March 26, 1960) is an American actress. She was known for her roles in the 1980s movie such as "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" and "Dirty Dancing". She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. Her father is actor Joel Grey.

Grey was born on March 26, 1960 in New York City, New York to Joel Gray and to Jo Wilder. She studied at Dalton School. Grey was also romantically involved with actors Michael J. Fox, Johnny Depp, William Baldwin and then-aide to President Clinton, George Stephanopoulos. Grey married Clark Gregg in 2001. They have one daughter, Stella. They divorced in 2021.

In the early 1990s, Grey had two rhinoplasty procedures—the second of which was necessary to correct problems stemming from the first. Even even close friends to fail to recognize her, and the major change in her appearance hurt her career. Of the experience she said, "I went in the operating room a celebrity—and came out anonymous. It was like being in a witness protection program or being invisible." 

Grey briefly thought about changing her name and starting anew, but decided against this.

From March 1999 until January 2000, Grey starred as herself in the short-lived ABC sitcom "It's Like, You Know...", which used her much-publicized 'nose job' as a running gag.

In the 2010 season eleven of "Dancing With the Stars" she was partnered with professional dancer Derek Hough. They won the competition.


Troilus and Cressida

Troilus and Cressida is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a tragedy. Shakespeare's sources were probably Greek mythology, and also the works of Homer and Geoffrey Chaucer. The first known performance was on 7 February 1604. The first known printing of the play dates to 1609. The play is about the Trojan War and two lovers, Troilus and Cressida. 

King John (play)

King John is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a history play about King John of England. Shakespeare's source was Holinshed's Chronicles. It was probably first acted between 1596 and 1597. It was probably first printed in 1623 in the First Folio.

Henry VIII (play)

Henry VIII is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a history play. Shakespeare's sources were "Holinshed's Chronicles" and "The Book of Martyrs" by John Foxe. The play was first acted between 1612 and 1613. It was probably first printed in 1623 in the First Folio.

The Spanish Tragedy

The Spanish Tragedy, or Hieronimo is Mad Again is a play by Thomas Kyd. It is a tragedy. The exact date the play was written is uncertain. It was probably written in the 1580s. 

Ben Jonson referred to the play in " Bartholomew Fair". This suggests that "The Spanish Tragedy" was staged between 1584 and 1589. A date earlier than 1588 is very likely. 

The play is about the horrific murders of the heirs to the Spanish throne. It had great influence on Elizabethan playwrights. Shakespeare may have adopted elements of the play for "Hamlet".


Arthur Rackham

Arthur Rackham (19 September 1867 – 6 September 1939) was a British artist and illustrator. His work, often with fantasy or mythological elements, is still popular today.


Connie Nielsen

Connie Nielsen (born 3 July 1965) is a Danish actress who acts mostly in movies. She began acting in 1984. She began acting in English language movies in 1997. Her notable movies include "The Devil's Advocate", "Mission to Mars" and for her role as Queen Hippolyta in "Wonder Woman" (2017) and "Justice League" (2017). She was born in Frederikshavn, Jutland.


Yoshi's Story

Yoshi's Story is a platform video game for the Nintendo 64 game console. It was developed and published by Nintendo. It is part of the "Yoshi" series. It was released in Japan on December 21, 1997, in North America on March 10, 1998, and in Europe on May 10, 1998. It was later released for the Wii's Virtual Console service in 2007 and the Wii U's Virtual Console service in 2016, and was one of the launch titles for the expansion pack for Nintendo Switch Online.

The game plays similar to "". The player moves Yoshi through many stages while collecting pieces of fruit. The goal in each stage is to fill the Fruit Frame by collecting 30 pieces of fruit. Fruit can be found in many places in a stage. They can be found lying on the stage, floating in bubbles, or carried by enemies. Players can play as eight different Yoshis. Each Yoshi has a different color.

The game takes place in a pop-up book. Each world is made from a different material, such as cardboard, fabric, plastic, and wood.

The player can choose between two different game modes from the game's main menu. These modes are called Story Mode and Trial Mode. After the player chooses a mode, they can choose a course to play and choose which Yoshi they would like to play as. Trial Mode does not have any courses to play at the start of the game. The player must beat a course in Story Mode before they can play it in Trial Mode.

On each course, the goal is to fill the Fruit Frame by eating 30 pieces of fruit. There are a lot of fruit in each level. Fruits can be found lying around, floating in bubbles, and carried by some enemies. The player needs to apply strategy to get a high score.

The courses are spread across six pages. Each page has four courses. The courses are sorted by difficulty, and the choice of which course to play is made individually for each page. While the first page will always show all four courses, the other pages will only show one course at first. The player must collect Special Hearts to unlock the other courses. Each course has three hearts to collect, and the number of hearts collected decides the number of additional courses that are unlocked on the next page. For example, if the player collects two hearts during a course, they will be able to choose from course 1, 2, and 3 on the next page.

The abilities of the playable Yoshis include running, ducking, jumping, ground pounding, temporary hovering, and throwing eggs.

Nintendo wanted to release "Yoshi's Story" in North America by the 1997 holiday season, but the release was delayed until March 1998. A Nintendo official said that the delay was to make sure the game was high-quality. Once the game was finished, Nintendo shipped 800,000 units from Japan to American retailers. Retailers were worried that there would be shortages, but a Nintendo official promised that there would be enough copies.

The game has a 65 out of 100 score on Metacritic based on eight reviews.

"GamePro" considered the game's very good art to be the one good part, saying that little kids would really like the game. They also complained that the analog control is too hard to use. Peer Schneider of "IGN" said that the analog control is easy to use.

In 2020, Screen Rant said that they liked the game's art style.

Charles S. Dutton

Charles Stanley Dutton (born January 30, 1951) is an American actor. He acts mainly in movies and television but also performs in stage plays. He acted as Willis in "Cookie's Fortune" and as Jake in "Jacknife". He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Alice Braga

Alice Braga (April 15, 1983) is a Brazilian actress who has appeared in American and Brazilian movies. She played Beth in "Repo Men". She also played Anna Montez in "I am Legend". She was born in São Paulo, Brazil. She is the niece of the Brazilian actress Sônia Braga.

Piers Gaveston

Piers Gaveston, Earl of Cornwall (ca. 1284 – 19 June 1312) was the favourite of King Edward II of England. Their contemporaries thought that the relationship between the two men was homosexual. The nobles of England grew jealous and angry as Gaveston rose in power. In 1312, civil war erupted. Gaveston was captured and killed. Gaveston is a major character in Christopher Marlowe's tragedy, "Edward II".

Gaveston was born about 1284 to a Gascon lord. About 1300, he entered the household of the Prince of Wales, the future King Edward II. The two young men were both about sixteen years old, and developed a close relationship some thought homosexual.

In 1307, Gaveston was banished by King Edward I of England, but recalled by his son when he became King Edward II in February 1308. Gaveston was made Earl of Cornwall, married Margaret, daughter of Gilbert de Clare, Earl of Gloucester, and received money and land. 

Gaveston was regent of the kingdom during Edward's short absence in France in 1308. He played a prominent part at Edward's coronation in February. As time passed, Edward II showed Gaveston more and more favour. Powerful nobles grew jealous and angry.

These nobles managed to have Gaveston banished again, but he was quickly recalled by Edward. The nobles gathered their armies as civil war neared. Gaveston and Edward fled together, but separated at Scarborough, England. Edward went to York. Gaveston was captured. He was run through with a sword and decapitated. 

He was buried in the Dominican friary at King's Langley, Hertfordshire. In 1823, a monument was erected on the spot where Gaveston was thought to have been murdered. The inscription on the monument describes Gaveston as "the Minion of a hateful King" beheaded "by Barons as lawless as himself". Gaveston is a major character in Christopher Marlowe's tragedy, "Edward II".


Football in Austria

Football is a popular sport in Austria. It is the second most popular sport in the country after alpine skiing. The Austrian Football Association ("Österreichischer Fußball-Bund"), the "ÖFB", was created in 1904. It has been a member of FIFA since then. The country's national team has not been successful in tournaments. Austria has never qualified for the European championship. It did participate once in 2008, when it co-hosted the championship with Switzerland and did not need to qualify in order to play. In the World Cup, Austria has taken the fourth and third place in 1934 and 1954, respectively.

The Austrian league system is maintained by the ÖFB and its parts from the federal states. The licences for the professional leagues (Level 1 and 2) are given by the association "Austrian Football League". Below the Level 4 there are a different number of leagues depending of the federal states.

The Bundesliga is the highest national league-club competition in Austria. It has ten teams. The second level is the First Division ("Erste Liga"). It has twelve teams. The third levels are the regional leagues ("Regionalliga"), which are split into three geographical divisions:
The fourth level of the league system is the state league ("Landesliga").

Below shows how the current system works.

The Austrian leagues for women football are all amateur leagues. They are also maintained by the ÖFB and its local parts in the federal states. There is also a 4th and 5th level which is organised by the local football associations.



Villa

A villa was originally a style of house built for the upper classes in ancient Rome. This style of architecture has been kept and adapted upon. The villas in Italy have gradually evolved into luxurious houses. Today, the word "villa" can refer to many types and sizes of houses around the world.

A villa is a type of house that was originally an ancient Roman upper-class country house. Since its origins in the Roman villa, the idea and function of a villa has evolved considerably.


Yangshuo

Yangshuo is a county in China. It is on the west bank of Li River, in the southeast of Guilin, northeast of Guangxi. It is under the jurisdiction of Guilin City. It covers an area of 1428.38 sq km and 65 km from Guilin downtown. It has a total population of about 300,000.

Yangshuo has become a famous resort destination for domestic travelers and foreign travelers. The number of foreign backpackers coming to Yangshuo is increasing.


Liga Mexicana Élite

The Mexican Elite League or LME, is a top level ice hockey league based in Mexico.

The league started on October 2, 2010. The league had a goal to make Mexico known as high-level international competition in ice hockey. The league has 4 teams participating: the Mayan Astronomers, the Teotihuacan Priests, the Aztec Eagle Warriors and the Zapotec Totems. The first champions in the inaugural 2010–11 season were the Teotihuacan Priests.


She Stoops to Conquer

She Stoops to Conquer is a play by Oliver Goldsmith. It is a comedy. It opened on 15 March 1773 in London, England at Covent Garden Theatre. It was a great success. Like "The School for Scandal" and "The Importance of Being Earnest", "She Stoops to Conquer" is a staple of classic English theatre.

The play displays the comical elements in every Englishman, especially of those who are hardly aware of their humour.

The School for Scandal

The School for Scandal is a play by Richard Brinsley Sheridan. It is a comedy. It was first acted at the Drury Lane Theatre in London, England on 8 May 1777. Like "She Stoops to Conquer" and "The Rivals", "The School for Scandal" is a staple of classic English theatre. Samuel Barber wrote an opera based on the play.

The Marriage of Figaro (play)

The Mad Day, or The Marriage of Figaro is a play by Pierre Beaumarchais. It is a comedy. It was written in 1778, and first published in 1785. "Figaro" was first performed at the Théâtre Français in Paris on 27 April 1784. It was a great success. "The Marriage of Figaro" is a sequel to the play, "The Barber of Seville", and a prequel to "The Guilty Mother".


Understanding Media

Understanding Media: The Extensions of Man is a 1964 book by Marshall McLuhan. It was a pioneering study in media theory. McCluhan was a Professor of literature who was deeply interested in the way media had changed society.

The book proposes that media themselves affect their content in important ways. It is an attempt to understand how changing media have affected society. McLuhan suggests that media play a role, not by the content delivered, but by the characteristics of the medium itself. 

McLuhan pointed to the light bulb as an example. A light bulb does not have content in the way that a newspaper has articles or a television has programs, but it is a medium that has a social effect. The light bulb lets people do things at nighttime which would be impossible in darkness. He describes the light bulb as a medium without any content. McLuhan states that "a light bulb creates an environment by its mere presence". 

More controversially, he thought that content had little effect on society — for example, it did not matter if television broadcasts children's shows or violent programming — the effect of television on society would be identical. He noted that all media have characteristics that engage the viewer in different ways; for instance, a passage in a book could be reread at will, but a movie had to be screened again in its entirety to study any individual part of it. He made the point that reading, by its very nature, is a sequential medium. One reads it in a sequence. On the other hand, a medium like film presents information more holistically. There is a kind of "all at once-ness" about films and television.

The book is the source of the well-known phrase ""The medium is the message"". It was a leading indicator of the upheaval of local cultures by increasingly globalized values. The book's influence spread much further than academics, writers, and social theorists. It was widely read. It became a corner-stone in media studies courses.

Paul Butcher, Jr.

Paul Matthew Hawke Butcher (born February 14, 1994 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as "Dustin Brooks" on the Nickelodeon television series "Zoey 101".

Marshall McLuhan

Herbert Marshall McLuhan, CC (July 21, 1911 – December 31, 1980) was a Canadian Professor of English literature who turned his attention to media. He was interested in the ways different media affected society.

His work was a cornerstone of media studies, and had some practical applications in the advertising and television industries. His best-known work was "".

McLuhan is known for coining the expressions "the medium is the message" and the "global village".
Although he was a fixture in media discourse in the late 1960s, his influence began to wane in the early 1970s. In the years after his death, he continued to be a controversial figure in academic circles. With the arrival of the internet, however, there was renewed interest in his work and perspective.

McLuhan's "The Gutenberg Galaxy: the making of typographic man" (1962) was a history of print, and its effect on society.

In the book, McLuhan showed how alphabetic writing, the printing press and later media, affect thought, which in turn affects social organization:

A typical idea:

His sayings range from the amusing:

to the mysterious:

"Understanding Media: the extensions of Man" was a pioneering study of the effects of media. The book suggests that media affect their content in important ways. It is an attempt to understand how different media have affected society. McLuhan suggests that media play a role, not by the content delivered, but by the characteristics of the medium itself.

McLuhan pointed to the light bulb as an example. A light bulb does not have content in the way that a newspaper has articles or a television has programs, but it is a medium that has a social effect. The light bulb lets people do things at nightime which would be impossible in darkness. He describes the light bulb as a medium without any content. McLuhan states that "a light bulb creates an environment by its mere presence". He then goes on to compare the effects of radio, television and film (movis).

The book is the source of the well-known phrase "The medium is the message". This is the idea that a medium like television actually affects the way information is seen and understood.

"The Medium is the Message: an inventory of effects" (1967) was a spin-off from his previous book. It was compiled by Quentin Fiore from writings of McLuhan with many photos and graphics selected by the compiler. The text is based on published McLuhan works, but the sources are not listed. It was a huge best-seller. "eventually selling nearly a million copies worldwide".


Robbie Robertson (album)

Robbie Robertson is the solo debut album by Robbie Robertson. It was released in 1987. The album won the Juno Award for "Album of the Year". Robertson and Daniel Lanois also won the "Producer of the Year" award.

U2 and Peter Gabriel contributed to the album. U2's contribution is heard in the song "Sweet Fire of Love" which is a duet between Robertson and Bono. The other track featuring U2 is "Testimony", which also has singing from Bono. Gabriel's contributions are heard on the song "Fallen Angel". This song was dedicated to Robertson's former bandmate from The Band, Richard Manuel.

The lyrics of "American Roulette" deal with the theme of Elvis Presley's rise to popularity. The song is notable for its guitar solo throughout as well as the instrumental outro. Elvis Presley is talked about in the second verse.

All songs written by Robbie Robertson except where noted.
Bonus tracks on the expanded edition (2005):


Album
Single

Alberto Suárez Laso

Alberto Suárez Laso (born December 19, 1977 in Riosa, Asturias) is a T12 athlete from Spain who competes in long distance races: the 5,000 meters, 10,000 meters, half marathon and marathon. He is a world record holder in the men's T12 marathon, winning gold in the event at the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships and the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

Suárez was born December 19, 1977 in Riosa, Asturias. , he resides in Oviedo, Asturias. He has a vision impairment.

Suárez won an award related to human values at the 2011 Asturian Best Sportspersons awards organized by the Asturian Sports Press Association. In 2012, he won the Asturian Sports Press Association award for best male athlete.

Suárez is a T12, a blind runner, and he sometimes compete against runners without disabilities. He belongs to the Laso Oviedo Athletics Club. As of 2012, Chus Castaño is his coach. He is a world record in the marathon.

Suárez competed in the 2011 Gran Fondo Siete Aguas International Trophy President of the Council of Valencia. He competed in the 2011 Spanish Paralympic national athletics championships held in Gijón. He competed in the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships in Christchurch New Zealand. He was one of two Spanish competitors in the marathon. He was the first runner to finish the marathon and he made a world record by running the race with a time of 2.28:10. He also finished third in the men's T12 10,000 meter race.

Suárez's goal for his running in 2012 was to finish first at the 2012 London Paralympics in the marathon. He race in the 2012 Riosa Sports Days. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, where hefinished firset in the men's T12 marathon and finished 6th in the men's T12 5,000 meter event. His first place was Spain's eighth first place of the Games. He finished the marathon in a time of 2:24.50, a new Paralympic Games record and World Record.

Suárez finished sixth in the 2013 Bareclona half marathon while racing against runners who did not have a disability. He set a personal best time in the half marathon at the race. He competed in the 2013 Divina Pastora 8 km Orotava held in the Canary Islands. He gave a speech two days before the race about physical activity, sport and eating patterns for athletes.

Alsatian

Alsatian might mean:


Aymara

Aymara might mean:


Project X

Project X is an American comedy movie from 2012. It was directed by Nima Nourizadeh and written by Michael Bacall and Matt Drake. The story is about three teenagers—Thomas, Costa and J. B.—who plan to gain popularity by throwing a party. Their plan quickly gets out of their control. Most of the movie's cast were not famous, being relatively new to acting. The movie is filmed as a home video from the perspective of one of the teenagers attending the party and using a camera to record the night's events.

"Project X" was released in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom on 2 March 2012. It made over US$100 million worldwide during its time in cinemas.


The "Project X (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)" is the soundtrack album for the movie. It was released by WaterTower Music on February 28, 2012. It has several artists and tracks released in the past decade. Musical genres range from hip hop to house music. The soundtrack mainly has the thirteen tracks that played in the movie. The soundtrack debuted on the U.S. "Billboard" Top 200 albums chart at number twenty-three. It peaked at number three on March 15th.

The soundtrack featured songs by Kid Cudi, D12, MGK, Nas, and . A popular song from the album is American rap artist Kid Cudi's 2010 single "Pursuit of Happiness." The song was re-released by disc jockey and house music producer Steve Aoki in 2011. Both versions were on the soundtrack.



Liquor

Liquor is any alcoholic drink containing ethanol and produced by distilling. They are also called distilled beverages. The term hard liquor is used around North America and India to tell distilled beverages from those that are weaker. If the beverage carries no added sugar or has at least 20% alcohol by volume, it is referred to as a spirit. Alcoholic beverages are under different regulations around the world.

Britain &amp; Ireland's Next Top Model (series 9)

Britain and Ireland's Next Top Model, Cycle 9 is the ninth season of "Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 14 contestants.














First group of eliminated semi-finalists
Second group of eliminated semi-finalists

Abbie Cornish

Abbie Cornish (born 7 August 1982) is an Australian actress who has performed in some notable movies. Cornish was born in New South Wales, and grew up on a farm.

Her movies include "Somersault", "Candy" and "Bright Star". She played Emma Matisse in "One Perfect Day". She plays Ellen Murphy in the 2014 remake of RoboCop. 

Barbara W. Tuchman

Barbara Wertheim Tuchman (January 30, 1912 – February 6, 1989) was an American historian and writer that wrote novels based on the military. She became extremely known first after she wrote "The Guns of August" (which was later reprinted as "August 1914"). She received a Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction for that novel. She also wrote several other novels. She was born Barbara Wertheim in New York City; she died in Greenwich, Connecticut at the age of 77.

Manuel Garnica Roldan

Manuel Garnica Roldan (born August 25, 1978 in Granada, Spain) is a Paralympic athlete from Spain. He is blind, and has retinitis pigmentosa. This means his eye sight gets worse over time. Garnica competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics and finished sixth in the T12 marathon. He did not finish in the 10,000 meter race. He competed in other races, most in Spain. 2011 IPC World Athletics Championships in Christchurch in the marathon where he finished fourth.
Garnica was born August 25, 1978 in Granada, Spain. His father was a police officer. While born in Granada, his family moved to Valencia when he was a baby. His parents learned about his eye sight problem when he was two years old. Doctors learned he had retinitis pigmentosa, an eye disease that means he sees worse over time. When he was a nine-year-old, he learned to read using braille after his eyesight got worse. He played basketball and handball when he was a boy.

Garnica moved to Madrid to study physiotherapy and become a physical education teacher. In 2009, he got an award for best athlete with a disability at the Onda Cero Sport Awards.

Garnica started in athletics after his eyesight got really bad, and is a T12 long distance track and field races.

In 2004, Garnica competed in a Fun Run in Cordoba. He finished in third. In 2007, he competed in the Cross Christmas of Fatima Race. In 2008, he competed in the Ruta de la Miel Race and he finished ninth.

Garnica competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics where he finished six in the T12 marathon and did not finish in the 10,000 meter race.

In 2009, Garnica did not run fast enough to go to the European Athletics Championships. In 2009, he came in second in the Memorial Adolfo Rivera race with a time of 30.55, one second behind the person who finished first, Joaquín de la Vega de la Coba. He competed in the Subida al Santuario Virgen de la Sierra Race where he finished number two with a time of 1.3:59. He participated in the Paternal Gran Fondo Half Marathon, where he finished fifth. In 2010, he competed in the City of Villa del Rio Race, where he finished first in the 500 meter race. That year, he also competed in the 'A goal for all' 10 km race, where he came in first in the men's vision impaired group. In 2011, his guide runner was Maribel Díaz. The pair competed in the Race of Trinity, which they won with a time of 30:19. The race was the first in the Spanish Provisional Racing Circuit. He also competed in the Villafranca de Cordoba Solidarity Race in 2011. He also competed in the 2011 Cordoba Half Marathon, where he came in first in the men's vision impaired group.

Garnica competed at the 2011 IPC World Athletics Championships in Christchurch, New Zealand and finished fourth in the T12 marathon. He was one of two Spanish runners competing in the marathon. He qualified for the 2011 IPC Championships after setting a qualifying time of 2.35:54 in the Sevilla Marathon. His guide runner for the two races was Joaquin de la Vega.


Ailee

Amy Lee (born May 30, 1989) is a Korean-American singer and actress in South Korea. She is known by the stage name Ailee. Born in Denver, she grew up in New Jersey, in the United States. She started as a Youtube singer, with some success. In 2010 she moved to South Korea with the goal of being a professional singer. Her first single, "Heaven", was released in 2012. Within one month of her debut she had already won two music awards. 

On September 13, 2011, Ailee along with Wheesung held a performance on the MBC's Chuseok special episode of "Singer and Trainee". Ailee's stage presence was immediately felt by the audience, who was amazed that she was like a professional singer, even though she had not yet officially debuted. Following her solo performance of "Halo" by Beyoncé, singer BMK expressed, "Wherever she goes, she has the potential to be a big star. She definitely has the voice." After the judges had graded everyone, Ailee won first place.

Ailee is known for her strong vocal quality and range. By 2016, she had won 26 music awards. 



Dorothy Height

Dorothy Irene Height (March 24, 1912 – April 20, 2010) was an American civil rights and women's rights activist. She worked with issues of African American women. She did unemployment, illiteracy and voter awareness work. She worked for the National Council of Negro Women for forty years. She received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1994 and the Congressional Gold Medal ten years after that.

Height was born in Richmond, Virginia. She was raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where she graduated high school. She died in Washington, D.C. at age 98.

Marta Eggerth

Marta Eggerth (April 17, 1912 – December 26, 2013) was a Hungarian actress whose career lasted almost thirty years. She did movies, stage and television. That included the Broadway musical "Higher and Higher". Eggerth was born in Budapest.

Eggerth died on December 26, 2013 in Rye, New York from natural causes, aged 101.


Anne Brown

Annie Wiggins Brown, or Anne Brown (August 9, 1912 – March 13, 2009) was an American soprano and actress. She was in many stage plays. She was the first person to play the role of Bess in the opera stage play "Peggy and Bess". She was also a radio performer and musician. Other notable plays included "Mamba's Daughters" and "Pins and Needles".

Brown was born in Baltimore, Maryland, but later moved to Oslo, Norway. She died at 96.

Reta Shaw

Reta Shaw (13 September 1912 – 8 January 1982) was an American actress. She was known for playing condescending or domineering women, mostly on television. She acted in "The Dick Van Dyke Show" as an unemployment office worker. She played Mrs. Brill in the movie "Mary Poppins".

Shaw was born in Maine. She died from pneumonia at age sixty-nine.

Evelyn Venable

Evelyn Venable (October 18, 1913 – November 15, 1993) was an American actress. She performed as the Blue Fairy in "Pinocchio", a 1940 movie. She also played the mother of Shirley Temple in the movie "The Little Colonel".

Venable was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She died from cancer in Idaho, aged eighty.

Joanne Linville

Beverly Joanne Linville (January 15, 1928 – June 20, 2021) was an American Jewish actress. She acted in a lot of television series and movies. Her television work includes: "Gunsmoke", "Have Gun Will Travel" and "Alfred Hitchcock Presents". Her movies include "The Goddess" and "Gable and Lombard".

Linville was born in Bakersfield, California. She was married to director Mark Rydell from 1962 until they divorced in 1973. Linville died in Los Angeles on June 20, 2021 at the age of 93.

Robert Stack

Charles Langford Modini Stack (or Robert Stack; 13 January 1919 – 14 May 2003) was an American television and movie actor. He also hosted television programs. He played crime fighter Eliot Ness in the TV series "The Untouchables" and in the series "The Name of the Game". He hosted "Unsolved Mysteries" (1987-2002).

Stack was born in Los Angeles. He died of heart failure at age 84 at his home in Bel-Air, California. He was married to actress Rosemarie Bowe from 1956 until his death. They're great-nephew is SNL comedian Taran Killam.

Bristol Beaufighter

The Bristol Beaufighter is a British military aircraft of World War II. It is a twin-engine aircraft. It has two or three seats. It is built of metal and wood. It was developed from the Bristol Beaufort light bomber. It was used by the Royal Air Force, Royal Canadian Air Force, and United States Army Air Force. After war, it was used by other countries like Dominican Republic, Israel, and Turkey. It was used until May 1960 when it was put out of service. At the time 5,928 were built. 

Agusta A.109

The Agusta A.109 is an Italian helicopter. It has both civilian and military use. It is a twin-turboshaft helicopter built in all-metal. Its uniqueness comes from its retractable landing gear. From 2000 it has been built as AW.109 by the British and Italian company AgustaWestland. AgustaWestland AW119 Koala is a modernized variant.

HTC Evo 4G LTE

The HTC Evo 4G LTE is a cell phone by Sprint. It operates on Android.

AgustaWestland AW119 Koala

The AgustaWestland AW119 Koala is a modernized variant of Italian helicopter Agusta A.109. It is a single-turboshaft helicopter built entirely of metal.

Iris Murdoch

Dame Jean Iris Murdoch (15 July 1919 – 8 February 1999) was an Irish-born British author, known professionally as Iris Murdoch. Her novels were about good and evil, sexual relationships and the power of the unconscious. Her first book, "Under the Net", was released in 1954 and became a classic. Her other memorable books include "The Black Prince" and "The Sea, the Sea". Both of those books were about eroticism and love. In 1987, she was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire.

Murdoch was born in Dublin, Ireland. She died at age seventy-nine due to Alzheimer's disease in Oxfordshire, England.

WWE 2K14

WWE 2K14 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's & Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.

The game was released on October 29, 2013 in North America, October 30, 2013 in Japan, October 31, 2013 in Australia, and November 1, 2013 in both Europe and India. It is the first game in the "WWE 2K" video game series and the first "WWE" game to be released under 2K Sports since Take-Two acquired the license from THQ in a bankruptcy filing. This game, along with "NBA 2K14", were planned for Wii U releases, but were canceled. Dwayne Johnson is the cover athlete of the game.

IGN rated the game a 8.7 out of 10 and said ""It still lacks the brains to deliver competent AI and commentators, but WWE 2K14 has more than enough brawn to make up for it. 30 Years of Wrestlemania provides the strongest campaign backbone the series has had in a long time, the in-ring action is faster and more fluid than it's been in years, and thanks to WWE 2K14s continually expanding creation suite, we're swimming in more options than we ever knew we wanted. It is indeed "time to play the game.""

GameSpot gave the game a 6 out of 10 and said that the game was clunky, they stated ""It's a shame the wrestling isn't up to par in WWE 2K14 because the elements surrounding it are so interesting...For anyone who grew up loving professional wrestling, be prepared to be swept away in a tide of nostalgia. If only the core action could have been as compelling.""

Patricia Medina

Patricia Medina (19 July 1919 – 28 April 2012) was an English actress. She began acting as a teen in the late 1930s. Medina later moved to Hollywood. She acted in period melodramas, such as "The Black Knight". Her more memorable movies were "Stranger at My Door" and "Mr. Arkadin". She was very prolific in the early 1950s, though her career faded toward the end of the decade. However, around 1968, she returned and starred in the lesbian themed movie "The Killing of Sister George".

Medina was born in Liverpool, England. She was married to Joseph Cotten from 1960 until his death in 1994. Medina died at age ninety-two due to natural causes in Los Angeles.

Roxwell

Roxwell is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1043 people living in Roxwell.

Sandon

Sandon is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1531 people living in Sandon. The parish also includes Howe Green and Butts Green.

South Hanningfield

South Hanningfield is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2312 people living in South Hanningfield. South Hanningfield has a church called St Peter’s Church, a tye green and a community hall.

South Woodham Ferrers

South Woodham Ferrers is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 16629 people living in South Woodham Ferrers.

Maria Goretti

Saint Maria Goretti (born Ancona, Italy, 1890-1902) is a Roman Catholic saint. She died of stab wounds when she was 11 after an attempted rape, when she refused to submit to her attacker's demands. She is canonizated and remembered in the Catholic church on July 6.


Stock, Essex

Stock is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2042 people living in Stock.

West Hanningfield

West Hanningfield is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1008 people living in West Hanningfield.

Saint Vincent amazon

The Saint Vincent amazon ("Amazona guildingii"), also known as Saint Vincent parrot, is the only parrot that lives in the island of Saint Vincent in the Caribbean.

It is a large, multi-colored parrot with a yellowish white, blue and green head, greenish-bronze upperparts plumage, and violet blue-green wings.

The bird is long. The plumage of this attractive species is highly variable: virtually no two birds look alike, with a yellowish white, blue and green head, greenish-bronze upperparts, violet blue-green wings, grey feet, and reddish eye. Its tail feathers are blue with broad yellow tips. Both sexes are similar.

There are two different colour morphs: a more common ‘yellow-brown’ morph, and a less common ‘green’ morph. Although both morphs are broadly similar in appearance, the upperparts of the 'green' morph are mainly dull-green and the head is bluish white.

The Saint Vincent amazon is endemic to the heavily forested mountains of the Caribbean island of Saint Vincent in the Lesser Antilles.

It lives in rainforests in the island's central mountains, from ; it prefers mountains and valleys at low elevation because there are larger, mature trees needed for the nests.

The Saint Vincent amazons live in groups and feed on the upper parts of large trees. Its diet consists mainly of fruits, seeds, flowers and leaves of several species of the rainforest.

They breed between January and June (mostly February-May) and their nests are in holes in mature, large trees. The female usually lays two to three eggs.

The combined effects of habitat loss, hunting for food, the capture to trade them as pets, and natural disasters (volcanoes and hurricanes, made that the number of Saint Vincent Amazon declined through the 20th century.

Due to all these contributing factors, the St. Vincent parrot is considered Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It is listed on Appendix I and II of CITES.

A group of conservation measures has been able to avoid the extinction of the St Vincent Amazon, including: the enforcement of international and domestic legislation protecting this species from hunting and trade; the protection of habitat through the establishment of the St Vincent Parrot Reserve; and the delivery of successful public education campaigns.

On October 27, 1979, "A. guildingii" was declared the national bird of St. Vincent and the Grenadines as part of the country's first independence celebration.


Katy Jurado

Katy Jurado (16 January 1924 – 5 July 2002) was a Mexican actress. She had a successful career in both Mexico and Hollywood. She made seventy-one movies. She was the first Latin American actress nominated for an Academy Award (for a 1954 movie, "Broken Lance"). She also received a Golden Globe Award.

Jurado was often typecast to play ethnic roles when acting in American movies. She received more varieties of roles in Mexican movies. She was one of several Mexican actresses to succeed in Hollywood. Notable movies included "Broken Lance", "High Noon" and "The Badlanders".

Jurado died at 78 from kidney failure and lung problems.

Janet Waldo

Janet Waldo (February 4, 1920 – June 12, 2016) was an American actress and voice artist. She worked in movies, television, and on the radio. She was the voice of and Josie McCoy in "Josie and the Pussycats", Judy Jetson, and Penelope Pitstop. Janet played Corliss Archer in CBS' "Meet Corliss Archer" during the 1930s.

Waldo was born in Yakima, Washington. She died June 12, 2016 from brain cancer at her home in Encino, Los Angeles, California, age 96.

Gloria Vanderbilt

Gloria Laura Vanderbilt (February 20, 1924 – June 17, 2019) was an American artist, author, socialite and heiress. She was credited as an early developer of blue jeans. She was the mother of CNN reporter Anderson Cooper.

Vanderbilt worked in the fashion business in the 1970s and continued until the 1990s. In 2001, Vanderbilt opened her first art exhibition in Vermont. She was the author of several novels and memoirs. She also had several perfumes with her name. Vanderbilt was born in New York City

In 2016, Vanderbilt and her son Anderson Cooper pushlished a book titled, "The Rainbow Comes and Goes".

Vanderbilt died of stomach cancer at her home in Manhattan on June 17, 2019. She was 95.


L'Oréal

The L'Oréal Group are the world's largest beauty and cosmetics group. They have a registered office in Paris. Their products include skin care, sun protection and perfume. They are the main patent holder of nanotechnology within the United States. The group were established in 1909.

The net worth of the company as of 2017, is reported to be, $102.9 billion. In April 2017, the company moved to its new headquarters in New York.

Arlene Golonka

Arlene Golonka (January 23, 1936 – May 31, 2021) was an American actress who worked mostly on television. She was known for playing bubbly and eccentric blondes. She played Millie Swanson in "The Andy Griffith Show". She also did "Hang 'Em High", "The Rockford Files", "Murder, She Wrote" and "All in the Family".

Golonka was born in Chicago. She died on May 31, 2021 in Palm Desert, California at the age of 85.

Valerie Solanas

Valerie Jean Solanas (9 April 1936 – 25 April 1988) was an American radical feminist author and playwright. Solanas was born in Ventnor City, New Jersey. She was a lesbian misandrist. She wrote many notable non-fiction books, and self-published "SCUM Manifesto" in 1968. That year, she shot Andy Warhol and Mario Amaya. In 1969, she was diagnosed with schizophrenia. She was convicted of assault and sent to prison. She was released in 1971. She died due to complications of pneumonia in San Francisco in 1988, aged 52.

Jessie Ware

Jessica Lois "Jessie" Ware (born 15 October 1985) is a British singer-songwriter. She signed a record agreement with PMR Records. She is best known for her 2012 single "Wildest Moments". She was a backing vocalist for Joker and SBTRKT. "Clash" magazine called Ware "the missing link between Adele, SBTRKT and Sade". The editor also gave a positive review on her debut album, "Devotion". The website, Idolator, named it one of best albums of 2012.

She is of Jewish descent (her mother is Jewish).

On the 17th June 2013 Ware was named as the Skiddle Artist of the Week.

Wildest Moments

"Wildest Moments" is a song by British singer-songwriter Jessie Ware. It was for her debut album, "Devotion". It was released in the United Kingdom on 29 June 2012. It was only available as a digital download. Since its release, "Wildest Moments" has received positive reviews and honors from music critics. The website, Pitchfork Media, gave the song its "Best New Music" award. In Belgium, the song was certified Gold for sales of 15,000 units.

Mitsubishi K3M

The Mitsubishi K3M is a Japanese training aircraft used during World War II. It is a single-engine aircraft built of metal and wood, for a crew of four people. Its first flight was in 1930. It was used by Japan Naval Aviation from 1931 to 1945. It was known as Pine by Allies of World War II registration.

Reflection (song)

"Reflection" is a song that is on the soundtrack of the 1998 animated movie, "Mulan". It was the first single by American singer Christina Aguilera. It was performed in the movie by Lea Salonga. Ming-Na Wen played the speaking voice of the main character Fa Mulan. Aguilera approached RCA Records. They allowed her to record the song. Disney was looking for a performer who could sing a musical note that was difficult for most performers. Aguilera recorded herself singing Whitney Houston's song, "Run To You". This was a response to Disney, who were impressed by her performance. Aguilera agreed to take a trip to Los Angeles to spend a week recording the album.

The song received a mixed review. Many reviewers agreed that it is a "nice song", however, they said it was not memorable. "Reflection" helped fund for Aguilera's debut album. It also gained her popularity among songwriters and music producers. Because the song was not released for commercial audiences, it only charted on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart. It peaked at number 19. The music video was included on the DVD release of "Mulan". Aguilera had performed the track on four televised performances. This includes at the CBS "This Morning" show. This caught the attention of songwriter Diane Warren.


I'll Stand by You

"I'll Stand By You" is a song by The Pretenders. It was released in 1994. It was for their sixth studio album, "Last of the Independents". It was written by Chrissie Hynde with help from Tom Kelly and Billy Steinberg. "I'll Stand By You" became a hit song for the group and their most popular recording. It became their last successful single in North America.

The song is a power ballad. It talks about love and faithfulness in times of feeling down or worthless. Since its release, the track had also became a major hit for the British girl group Girls Aloud in 2004. American singer Carrie Underwood recorded the song in 2007. She did so as a charity single to help others. Colombian singer Shakira recorded the song as a charity single as well. It was to raise money for the victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake.



(I've Had) The Time of My Life

"(I've Had) The Time of My Life" is a duet by Bill Medley and Jennifer Warnes. It was written by Franke Previte, John DeNicola, and Donald Markowitz. The song was on the soundtrack of the 1987 movie, "Dirty Dancing". The song reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in November 1987 for one week. It also reached number one on the Adult Contemporary chart for fourt weeks. In the United Kingdom, it reached number six. In January 1991, after the movie was released on television in the UK, it reached number eight.

The song won the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1987. It also won the Grammy Award in 1988 for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. Also in 1988, the song won the Golden Globe Awards for Best Original Song.




Ruta Lee

Ruta Lee (born Ruta Mary Kilmonis; May 30, 1935) is a Canadian actress. She has performed in a lot of movies and television programs. She was a semi-regular on the show "Hollywood Squares". She played Lettie in the movie "Funny Face" and a tennis girl in "The Girl in the Red Velvet Swing".

Lee was born in Montreal, but grew up in Los Angeles.

Naval Aviation

Naval Aviation is the air force branch of a navy. Its aircraft can be airplanes and helicopters.

Missions for naval aviation include: 

In 2013 the following countries had a naval aviation: Argentina, Brazil, France, India, Italy, Japan, Russia, Spain, United Kingdom and the United States.

The first naval aviation was the British Royal Naval Air Service, that was created on 13 April 1912. On April 1, 1918 the RNAS and the Royal Flying Corps were merged into the Royal Air Force. During World War I and after World War II, naval aviation were used for all kinds of combat missions. Famous battles were Pacific War, Normandy Landings, Dieppe Raid and Battle of Midway. After the World Wars it was used for the Falklands War, the Libyan Civil War, and the Gulf War.

U.S.M.C. aviation was used in World War II,Korean War and the Vietnam War

U.S. Naval aviation was used in World War II,Korean War and the Vietnam War

Shirley Knight

Shirley Knight Hopkins (July 5, 1936 – April 22, 2020) was an American movie, stage and television actress. Knight was born in Goessel, Kansas.

Knight was nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her roles in "The Dark at the Top of the Stairs" and "Sweet Bird of Youth". She played Ruth in the TV show "Thirtysomething", Edith Niedelmeyer in "Color of Night" and Edie Danziger in "Diabolique". 

She also starred as Phyllis Van De Kamp in "Desperate Housewives". Knight also played Mrs. Blart in "".

She won a Golden Globe, a Tony and three Emmy Awards. 

Knight died of natural causes on April 22, 2020, at her daughter’s home in San Marcos, Texas. She was 83.

Mary Millar

Irene Mary Wetton (or Mary Millar; July 26, 1936 – November 10, 1998) was a British actress. She acted in television and stage plays. She made her first television appearances in 1953 at age 17, in "Those were the Days". She played Cloris in "Lock Up Your Daughters" in 1962, and played the title role in "Ann Veronica" in 1969. Her best known role is that of Hyacinth Bucket's histrionic sister Rose in "Keeping Up Appearances".

Millar was born in Doncaster, West Riding of Yorkshire. She died from ovarian cancer in Brockley, south London, at age 62.

Poor Little Rich Girl

The Poor Little Rich Girl (or Poor Little Rich Girl) is a 1936 musical movie. Shirley Temple plays Barbara Barry, Gloria Stuart plays Margaret Allen and Alice Faye plays Jerry Dolan. The subject is a girl who is neglected by her rich and busy father. The movie got poor reviews from critics.

Althorne

Althorne is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1104 people living in Althorne.

Asheldham

Asheldham is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 154 people living in Asheldham.

Christmas decoration

A Christmas decoration is any kind of decoration used for the holiday of Christmas. There are many different types of decorations used depending on the traditions of each culture. The inside and outside of homes are often decorated with lights and figures. They are also often hung in public areas, from street lights and community spaces.

Popular holiday plants include holly, mistletoe, ivy, red amaryllis, and Christmas cactus. Christmas trees are decorated with many ornaments.

The traditional colours of Christmas are green (evergreen), white (snow), and red. Gold and silver are also very common. Typical symbols of the holiday include baby Jesus, Santa Claus and the star of Bethlehem. Symbols of winter are also used, including snowflakes and snowmen.

Figural glass Christmas ornaments originated in the small town of Lauscha, Germany in the latter half of the 19th century. The town had long produced fine glassware. The production of Christmas ornaments became a family affair for many people. Some families invested 16 hours a day in production. For some, it was their sole source of income.

Sometimes competitions were held. Prizes were awarded to the family producing the finest examples. Santa Clauses, angels, birds, animals, and other traditional Yuletide subjects were favorites.

F.W. Woolworth discovered these glass ornaments on a toy and doll buying trip to Sonnenburg, Germany in the 1890s. He sold them in his "five and ten cent" stores in America. The ornaments were said to have contributed to Woolworth's great business success.

For the American market, figures were blown depicting comic book characters as well as patriotic subjects such as Uncle Sams, eagles, and flags. Glassblowers have held on to the old molds. Glass ornaments are still created from these old molds.

A clear glass tube is heated over an open flame. It is then inserted into a mold. The glassblower then blows into the end of the tube. The glass expands to fill the mold. The glass takes on the shape of the mold. It is cooled. A silver nitrate solution is swirled about inside the ornament. This gives the ornament a silver glow. The outside of the ornament is painted or decorated with metal trims, paper clippings, etc.

Cotton batting Christmas ornaments were popular during the years of the German Christmas toy and decoration boom at the turn of the century. They were exported in large numbers to the United States. These decorations suggested puffs of snow. Fruits and vegetables were popular subjects and often had a realistic appearance. African American and patriotic characters were fashioned for the American market. Some ornaments were used to hide boxes of candy.

Assembling these decorations was a cottage industry. Cotton batting was wound around a wire frame resembling a human or animal. A face was either painted on or a lithograph cut-out was affixed to the batting. Figures were given crepe paper costumes. Some were touched with glue and sprinkled with flakes of mica for a glittering appearance.

Dresdens are three-dimensional ornaments. They are made of paper, card, or cardboard. Dresdens were produced mostly in Dresden and Leipzig, Germany, from the 1860s to WWI. They were originally priced between 1 and 60 cents. Subjects included animals and birds, suns and moons, humans, carriages and ships, etc. Some Dresdens were flat, allowing the buyer to collect them in scrapbooks.

Positive and negative molds were set into a press. A moistened sheet of card was put into the press. The images were pressed. When they had dried, they were sent to cottage workers for the finishing touches. This involved separating the form-halves from the card, trimming ragged edges, and gluing the two halves together. The form was then gilded, silvered, or hand-painted. Sometimes a small gift or sweet was put into the form. Forms were usually no larger than five inches.


Bradwell-on-Sea

Bradwell-on-Sea is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 877 people living in Bradwell-on-Sea.

Burnham-on-Crouch

Burnham-on-Crouch is a town and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 7759 people living in Burnham-on-Crouch. Burnham-on-Crouch is on the banks of the River Crouch.

Cold Norton

Cold Norton is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1103 people living in Cold Norton. Cold Norton is at the south-east end of the Danbury Ridge.

Drawbridge

A drawbridge is a bridge that can be moved in order to stop or allow passage across it. They were often built as part of medieval castles which had moats.

Modern drawbridges are often built across large, busy waterways. They can be lifted to allow large ships to pass or lowered to allow land vehicles or pedestrians to cross.

Edna May Oliver

Edna May Oliver (originally Edna May Nutter; 9 November 1883 – 9 November 1942) was an American actress. She performed primarily on stage and in movies. She usually played tartly-tongued spinsters in her movies. Her notable movie roles included playing Mrs. Tracy Wyatt in "Cimarron", Aunt March for "Little Women" in 1933 and The Red Queen for "Alice in Wonderland", also in 1933.

Oliver was born in Malden, Massachusetts. She died following an intestinal blockage at age 59 in Malibu, California.

Braconidae

The Braconidae are a family of parasitoid wasps. They are one of the richest families of insects: there are between 50,000 and 150,000 species worldwide. The species are grouped into 45 subfamilies and about 1,000 genera.

Most braconids are parasitoids (both external and internal) on other insects. Their victims are the larvae of Coleoptera, Diptera, and Lepidoptera, and also some hemimetabolous insects such as aphids and bugs. 

Most species kill their hosts, though some cause the hosts to become sterile and less active. The endoparasitoid species lay their eggs inside the victim. They have elaborate adaptations which improve larval survival inside the host. They have endosymbiotic viruses which disable the host immune defences. These polydnaviruses are often used by the wasps instead of a venom cocktail. 

The DNA of the wasp actually has bits which are the templates for the viral particles. A study suggested these arrangements had started about 100 million years ago.

These viruses suppress the larva's immune system and allow the parasitoid to grow inside the host undetected. Through the evolutionary history of being used by the wasps, these viruses apparently have become so modified, they appear unlike any other known viruses today. Because of this highly modified system of host immunosuppression, a high level of parasitoid-host specificity is not surprising. In other words, the viruses need to be a bit different for every host species.

Parasitism on adult insects (particularly on Hemiptera and Coleoptera) also happens. Members of two subfamilies are known to form galls on plants.

Little Miss Broadway

Little Miss Broadway is a 1938 musical comedy-drama movie. Shirley Temple plays an orphaned girl named Betsy Brown. Edna May Oliver plays Sarah Wendling. The movie is about an apartment landlord who demands certain occupants pay $2,500, or move out. This movie is also about adoption and musical plays. Critics gave the movie very positive reviews.

Jane Darwell

Patti Woodward (or Jane Darwell; October 15, 1879 – August 13, 1967) was an American actress. She appeared in over 170 theatrical movies and on television and stage. She played the Bird Woman in the 1964 Disney movie "Mary Poppins". She played a grandmother or housekeeper in many movies in which Shirley Temple acted. She received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress when she played Ma Toad in the movie "The Grapes of Wrath" in 1940.

Darwell was born as Patti Woodward in Missouri. She died from a heart attack at age eighty-seven in California.

Tony Thompson

Anthony T. "Tony" Thompson (15 November 1954 – 12 November 2003) was an American session drummer. He is best known as the drummer of the band The Power Station and a member of Chic.

Thompson was raised in Queens, New York. His mother was Trinidadian and father was of Antiguan descent. He first played drums for the group Labelle, and then for a short time was a member of the band Ecstasy, Passion & Pain. While he was the drummer for Chic, he played music with many artists such as Jody Watley, Madonna, Rod Stewart, Adam Ant, Mick Jagger and David Bowie.

Thompson died of renal cell carcinoma (kidney cancer) in Los Angeles. It was just two months after his bandmate Robert Palmer died from a heart attack. Thompson was a member of the band Non-Toxic at the time of his death. He was survived by his wife, Patrice Jennings, and two children. On 19 September 2005, Thompson and the rest of the Chic band members were inducted into the Dance Music Hall of Fame.


Dengie

Dengie is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 135 people living in Dengie.

Goldhanger

Goldhanger is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 647 people living in Goldhanger. Goldhanger has a pub called The Chequers Inn. It is located on the north bank of the Blackwater Estuary. 

I'll Be Seeing You

I'll be Seeing You is a drama movie released in 1944. Ginger Rogers is Mary Marshall; Shirley Temple is Barbara Marshall. The movie is about social outcasts, romance and Christmas. The movie was released in January 1945 in United States theaters. It performed extremely well at the box office.

Great Braxted

Great Braxted is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 323 people living in Great Braxted.

Langford

Langford is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 156 people living in Langford. Langford shares a parish council with Ulting.

Cirrhosis

Cirrhosis is a disease of the liver. Normal liver tissue is replaced by scar tissue. The liver does not work so well. 

Cirrhosis is caused mostly by alcoholism, hepatitis B, hepatitis C or hepatocellular carcinoma. Ascites (retention of fluid in the abdomen) is the most common complication for cirrhosis. The patient's skin develops a yellowish hue (jaundice) as the disease gets worse. Liver damage by cirrhosis cannot be repaired. It leads to a poor quality of life, and can cause death. 

Latchingdon

Latchingdon is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1232 people living in Latchingdon.

Little Braxted

Little Braxted is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 128 people living in Little Braxted. Little Braxted has a pub called The Greenman.

Margaret Lockwood

Margaret Lockwood (September 15, 1916 – July 15, 1990) was an English actress who starred in melodramatic movies and television series. She acted as Annie Ridd in the 1935 movie adaptation for "Lorna Doone" and as Iris Henderson in the 1938 comedy and thriller movie "The Lady Vanishes". Her best success was in "The Wicked Lady", a movie in which Lockwood played a wicked woman.

Lockwood was born in Karachi and raised in London. She died due to complications of cirrhosis at 73.

Little Totham

Little Totham is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 372 people living in Little Totham.

The Lady Vanishes

The Lady Vanishes is a comedy-thriller movie of 1938. The subjects of the movie are a beautiful tourist named Iris Henderson, disappearance and abduction. Margaret Lockwood stars as Iris. The movie was directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It performed quite well in the box office. The reviews were very positive.

Mundon

Mundon is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 356 people living in Mundon. Mundon has a church called St Mary which went redundant on 14/04/1970.

North Fambridge

North Fambridge is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 752 people living in North Fambridge.

May Whitty

Dame May Whitty (also known as Mary Louise Whitty; June 19, 1865 – May 29, 1948) was an English actress. She acted in many movies. She played Miss Froy in the 1938 comedy-thriller movie "The Lady Vanishes". She also played Lady Beldon in "Mrs. Miniver" four years later; she received an Academy Award nomination for that performance.

Whitty was born in Liverpool, England. She died in Beverly Hills, California from cancer at age eighty-two.

Purleigh

Purleigh is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1147 people living in Purleigh.

RIAA equalization

RIAA equalization means equalization used in vinyl records. Without it is not possible to have so much music on one disk. It was established by the Recording Industry Association of America.

Steeple, Essex

Steeple is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 450 people living in Steeple.

Stow Maries

Stow Maries is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 199 people living in Stow Maries.

Tillingham

Tillingham is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1015 people living in Tillingham. Tillingham was first recorded in 1000AD.

Tolleshunt D'Arcy

Tolleshunt D'Arcy is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 973 people living in Tolleshunt D'Arcy. Tolleshunt D'Arcy is located on a junction for routes for Tollesbury, Maldon, Tiptree, and Mersea.

Mrs. Miniver

Mrs. Miniver is a 1942 British drama movie. It won six Academy Awards, including the Best Picture and Best Director. The movie is about a housewife during World War II who finds herself confronting a German pilot, and about relationship disagreement. Walter Pidgeon and Greer Garson play Mr. and Mrs. Miniver. May Whitty plays Lady Beldon.

"Mrs. Miniver" was released in June 1942. It got very positive reviews from critics. It made a lot of money.

Brightwell

Brightwell may refer to:


Ruth Ann Minner

Ruth Ann Minner (also known as Ruth Ann Coverdale; January 17, 1935 – November 4, 2021) was an American businesswoman and politician. She was the first female governor in Delaware (2001 to 2009). She was a member of the United States Democratic Party. She began her political career during the 1970s. She was born Ruth Coverdale in Sussex County, Delaware.

Minner died on November 4, 2021 under hospice care in Milford, Delaware from problems caused by a fall at the age of 86.

Robert Conrad

Robert Conrad (born Conrad Robert Falk; March 1, 1935 – February 8, 2020) was an American television series and movie actor. He also hosted a two-hour national radio show. He portrayed Secret Service Agent James West in CBS' TV show "The Wild Wild West". He also played an American spy in the series "Assignment Vienna". He was born in Chicago.

In 2003, Conrad was involved in a car accident after driving under the influence. He was convicted of drunk driving and sentenced to six months under house arrest. The accident left him partially paralyzed.

Conrad died of heart failure at his home in Malibu, California on February 8, 2020 at the age of 84.

Gene Vincent

Vincent Eugene Craddock (or simply Gene Vincent; February 11, 1935 – October 12, 1971) was an American musician. His music was rock and roll and rockabilly. He was notable for his 1956 classic single "Be-Bop-A-Lula". He had other hit songs, including "Race with the Devil".

Vincent was born in Norfolk, Virginia. He died in California from a stomach ulcer, age 36.

Ciaran Bourke

Ciaran Bourke (February 18, 1935 – May 10, 1988) was an Irish singer. He was part of the group The Dubliners. His songs included "Penny Lettermore" and "Roddy McCorley".

Bourke was born in Dublin. He died due to complications of an aneurysm near the brain, age 53.

Ann Rule

Ann Stackhouse (or Ann Rule; October 22, 1931 – July 26, 2015) was an American non-fiction writer from Lowell, Michigan. Her first book, "The Stranger Beside Me", was about the serial killer Ted Bundy, a man who used to work with Ann Rule. She went on to write many more true crime books.


Carol Heiss

Carol Elizabeth Heiss Jenkins (born January 20, 1940) is an American figure skater and former actress. She received gold and silver medals in the 1956 and 1960 Winter Olympics. She retired from figure skating after the 1960 Olympics, She starred in the 1961 movie "Snow White and the Three Stooges". She was the first female skater to perform a double Axel jump. Heiss was born in New York City.

Wayne, New Jersey

Wayne is a town in Passaic County, New Jersey.

The town is named after Anthony Wayne.

The temperature in Wayne is usually between 50 to 90 degrees Fahrenheit. When it rains, the lowland areas usually flood.

Wayne has the headquarters for Toys "R" Us. Other businesses include Piermount Works, a Ford dealership, and Bally Fitness.

Abdullah the Butcher

Lawrence Robert "Larry" Shreve (born January 11, 1941 in Windsor, Ontario) better known by his ring names, Abdullah the Butcher and The Madman from the Sudan, is a Canadian retired professional wrestler.

Due to years of frequent blading, there are many scars on his forehead. Mick Foley said that Shreve used to put gambling chips into the deeper divots in his head to both entertain and scare the people at the casinos they went to.

During his professional career, Shreve has competed for many different companies including WCW, ECW, Dragon Gate, New Japan Pro Wrestling.

He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2011 by Terry Funk. "Superstar" Billy Graham hat he wanted his own name to be taken out of the Hall of Fame, saying "It is a shameless organization to induct a bloodthirsty animal such as Abdullah the Butcher into their worthless and embarrassing Hall of Fame and I want the name of Superstar Billy Graham to be no part of it." 

Shreve held many championships during his professional wrestling career:



Teresa Wright

Muriel Teresa Wright (known as Teresa Wright; 27 October 1918 – 6 March 2005) was an American Academy Award winning actress. She starred in many movies. She received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her acting performance in "Mrs. Miniver" in 1942. She was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in "The Pride of the Yankees", also in 1942. She was also in "Shadow of a Doubt", which was by Alfred Hitchcock and in other movies.

Wright was born Harlem in New York City. She died in New Haven, Connecticut from a heart attack at 86.

Rise of the Planet of the Apes

Rise of the Planet of the Apes is a 2011 American science fiction movie. It stars James Franco, John Lithgow, Brian Cox, Tom Felton, and Andy Serkis. It was released on August 5, 2011. It got positive reviews. A sequel to the movie, "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes", was released on July 11, 2014. A third movie, "War for the Planet of the Apes" was released on July 14, 2017.

Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars. He liked how Serkis played Caesar by saying it was a "wonderfully executed character" and "one never knows exactly where the human ends and the effects begin, but Serkis or Caesar gives the best performance in the movie."


Romeo Is Bleeding

Romeo is Bleeding is a melodramatic 1993 crime movie. Annabella Sciorra plays Natalie, Gary Oldman plays Jack and Juliette Lewis plays Sheri. The movie is about activities by the Mafia and corrupt officers. This movie was released in 1994 in United States theaters. Reviews of "Romeo is Bleeding" were very bad. The movie performed very badly in the box office.

Frölunda HC

Frölunda HC is an ice hockey club in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It was started in 1944 as the ice hockey team of Västra Frölunda IF. The ice hockey section became an independent club in 1984. It then adopted the name Västra Frölunda HC. In 2004 the name was shortened to Frölunda HC.

The club adopted the nickname Indians in 1995. The nickname refers to the team being nicknamed the "Wild West" back in the 1960s.

Frölunda HC won the Swedish national championship in the years of 1965, 2003, 2005 and 2016. The team also lost the Swedish national finals in 1966, 1967, 1980, 1996 and 2006.


Skellefteå AIK

Skellefteå AIK is an ice hockey club in the town of Skellefteå in Sweden. It was established on 1 July 1921. The club adopted the game of ice hockey in 1943. It won the Swedish national championship in 1978, 2013 and 2014. The team also lost the Swedish national finals in 2011, 2012, 2015 and 2018.


Södertälje SK

Södertälje SK is an ice hockey club in the town of Södertälje in Sweden. It was established on 22 February 1902 and originally practiced gymnastics, track and field athletics, soccer, tug of war and speed skating. A bandy section was established in 1907. The 1910's and 1920's saw the club scoring successes in competitive cyccling. The club started practicing and playing ice hockey in January and February 1925.

The club won the Swedish national ice hockey championship in the years of 1925, 1931, 1941, 1944, 1953, 1956 and 1995. The club also lost the national finals in the years of 1928, 1929, 1932, 1937, 1942, 1946, 1951 and 1986.


Djurgårdens IF Hockey

Djurgårdens IF Hockey is the ice hockey section of sports club Djurgårdens IF in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The section was started in 1922. They won the Swedish national championship in the years of 1926, 1950, 1954, 1955, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1963, 1983, 1989, 1990, 1991, 2000, 2001 and 2001. The team also lost the Swedish national finals in the years of 1923, 1924, 1927, 1979, 1984, 1985, 1992, 1998 and 2010.


AIK IF

AIF IF is the ice hockey section of sports club AIK in the town of Solna in Sweden. The section was started in 1921 and won the Swedish national championship in the years of 1934, 1935, 1938, 1946, 1947, 1982 and 1984. They also lost the Swedish national finals in the years of 1930, 1936, 1949, 1978 and 1981.


Leksands IF

Leksan
Leksands IF is an ice hockey club in Leksand in Sweden. It was established in 1919. The club adopted the game of ice hockey in 1938. It won the Swedish national championship in 1969, 1973, 1974 and 1975. It lost the Swedish national finals in 1959, 1964, 1971, 1972, 1975 and 1989.


Brynäs IF

Brynäs IF is an ice hockey club in the town of Gävle in Sweden. It was established in 1912. The club adopted the game of ice hockey in 1939. The club won the Swedish national ice hockey championship in 1964, 1966, 1967, 1968, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1976, 1977, 1980, 1993, 1999 and 2012. It also lost the Swedish national finals in 1975, 1995 and 2017.

Brynäs IF's men's ice hockey team was relegated from the SHL for first time at the end of the 2022–2023 season. That happened after losing the regulation playout series to the Malmö Redhawks with 1–4.


John Kotelawala

General Sir John Lionel Kotelawala (; 4 April 1897 – 2 October 1980) was a Sri Lankan soldier and politician. He was the third Prime Minister of Ceylon from 1953 to 1956.

Sir John Kotelawala was from a rich family. His father, John Kotelawala Snr, was an inspector in the Ceylon Police Force. His mother was Alice Attygalle. John Kotelawala Snr committed suicide when his son was 11. The family were in ruins, Alice Attygalle converted to Christianity from Buddhism. He attended the same Royal College, Colombo, but dropped out after independence riots in 1915.

Thereafter he took a trip to Europe after leaving school, which was very dangerous because World War I was being fought there. He stayed in Europe for five years, spending most of that time in England and France and attending Christ's College, Cambridge, University of Cambridge to study farming.

Kotelawala was known as a strict man who loved sports, horseback riding, cricket and particularly as a young man, got into fights when he was made fun of. He knew Sinhala, English and French. After returning to Ceylon, he took up managing his family's "farm" and mines.

He went on to serve 23 years mostly as a reservist (meaning a back up) since the Ceylon Defense Force was a army reservist of the British Army. In 1939 he became the commanding officer of the Ceylon Light Infantry and was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in 1940. With the start of World War II, he became a member of the Ceylon's War Cabinet and was made a Colonel in 1942, the highest rank that a Ceylonese could achieve. Making himself a respectful man.

A strong supporter of the military, he was the first Chairman of the Ceylon Light Infantry Association in 1974. He was promoted to the rank of general on his deathbed.

He gave his home to the government to establish a national defense academy.

As early as 1915, Kotelawala had become interested in political leaders such as Don Senanayake and his brother F.R. Senanayake, who was married to Kotelawala's mother's sister.

He entered politics by being elected to the Legislative Council as the member of Kurunegala. Thereafter he entered the State Council as a backbencher and was re-elected in 1936. In his second term he was appointed Minister of Communications.

Strängnäs

Strängnäs is a locality in Sweden. It is west of Stockholm, and is the seat of Strängnäs Municipality.

Dudley Senanayake

Dudley Shelton Senanayake (; 19 June 1911 – 13 April 1973) was a Ceylonese politician. He was the second Prime Minister of Ceylon.

Wijeyananda Dahanayake

Wijeyananda Dahanayake (; 22 October 1902 – 4 May 1997) was a Sri Lankan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Ceylon from 1959 to 1960.

D. S. Senanayake

Don Stephen Senanayake (; 20 October 1884 – 22 March 1952) was an independence activist. He was the first Prime Minister of Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) from 1947 to 1952.

He was born in the village Botale. He was the son of Mudaliyar Don Spater Senanayake and Dona Catherina Elizabeth Perera Gunasekera Senanayake. Brought up in a Buddhist family, he entered Anglican school S. Thomas' College, Mutwal. Though a smart student, at school Senanayake did not succeed. He witnessed Buck’s famous farewell speech "You have learned the best lessons from STC (St. Thomas’s College)... true manliness and truth, courage, purity and all those things that make a man a gentleman...".

Talduwe Somarama

Talduwe Ratugama Rallage Weris Singho, better known as Talduwe Somarama (1915–1962), shot and killed Solomon Bandaranaike, the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka (then called Ceylon) in 1959. He later converted to Christianity, just weeks before being hanged in the Welikada gallows.


Mjällby AIF

Mjällby AIF is an association football club in Hällevik in Sweden. Mjällby played its first Allsvenskan season in 1980. The club was formed through a merge of the clubs Listers IF and Hälleviks IF. Mjällby plays at their current home stadium Strandvallen with a capacity of 7500 people. Their rivals are often considered to be Kalmar FF because they are the closest team to Mjällby.

At the end of the 2014 season Mjällby was degraded from the top tier Allsvenskan to the second tier Superettan. It didn't go well for Mjällby in Superettan when they came 13th and lost the relegation qualifiers against Örgryte IS. 

2017 they got second place and played the promotion qualification against Örgryte again, they won 2-1 at home but lost the second leg 3-1.

2018 was finally the year for Mjällby as they won Division 1 Södra and will be playing Superettan 2019.

Although Mjällby was tipped to finish at the bottom the surprised everyone and got 1st, they went up and are still playing in the Allsvenskan today!


IF Brommapojkarna

IF Brommapojkarna is an association football club in Bromma in Sweden. The club was founded in 1942, and played its first Allsvenskan season in 2007.


Ängelholms FF

Ängelholms FF is an association football club in the town of Ängelholm in Sweden. The club was founded in 1976, and played its first Superettan season in 2002.


Falkenbergs FF

Falkenbergs FF is an association football club in the town of Falkenberg in Sweden. The club was founded in 1928, and played its first Superettan season in 2003.


Östersunds FK

Östersunds FK is an association football club in the town of Östersund in Sweden. The club was founded in 1996. It played its first Superettan season in 2013. On 27 October 2015, the club qualified for Allsvenskan for first time.



Crosier

A crozier is a shepherd's staff carried by high ranking churchmen such as bishops including the Pope.

Initial public offering

An initial public offering (IPO) or stock market launch is a type of public offering. A public offering is any tradable asset that is offered to the public. In an initial public offering, shares of stock in a company are sold to the general public, on a securities exchange, for the first time. Through this process, a private company transforms into a public company. Initial public offerings are used by companies to raise money for expansion and to become publicly traded enterprises. A company selling shares is never required to repay the money to the people who buy them.

The IPO of Alibaba was the largest ever. Now 2019 ARAMKO from Soudi Arabia becames largest one by 25.6 Billion dollars

Before 2009, the United States was the leading issuer of IPOs in terms of total value. Since that time, however, China (Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong) has been the leading issuer. It raised US$73 billion up to the end of November 2011. This was almost double the amount of money raised on the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ combined.



IPO (disambiguation)

IPO may refer to:


Sumith Balasuriya

Major General Sumith Balasuriya, VSV, USP, ndc, IG, SLA is a Sri Lankan general. He was the former Commandant, Sri Lankan Army Volunteer Force, Vice Chancellor/Commandant, General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University and GOC, 23 Division.

Asoka Jayawardena

Major General (Rtd) Asoka K. J. Jayawardena RWP, RSP, VSV, USP, was a Sri Lankan career army officer. He was also the Provincial Governor of the North Eastern Province.

Rouen Cathedral (Monet)

The Rouen Cathedral series of oil paintings of the Rouen Cathedral were done by Claude Monet in the 1890s. The paintings in the series each capture the front of the cathedral at different times of the day and year. They each show the changes in the way the cathedral looks under different lighting conditions.

In the middle of winter in 1892, Monet lived in rooms across from Rouen Cathedral. He stayed until spring, painting its façade many times. Most versions were painted as seen here: close up and cropped at the sides. He returned the next winter to paint the cathedral again. He made more than thirty views of it. It was not the Gothic façade that was Monet's subject. It was the atmosphere that surrounded the cathedral. "To me the motif itself is an insignificant factor," Monet said, "What I want to reproduce is what exists between the motif and me."

All of the paintings in the series were made in 1892 and 1893. They were reworked in Monet's studio in 1894. In 1895, he chose what he considered to be the twenty best paintings from the series, and displayed them at his gallery in Paris. Of these twenty, he sold eight before the exhibition was over. Pissarro and Cézanne visited the exhibition and praised the series highly.


Qanat

A qanat is a series of well-like holes and tunnels dug to reach a natural underground source of water, usually run-off from a mountain. They were (and are) used to provide water in the desert regions of the Middle East. The oldest qanats, found in the region once known as Persia (now known as Iran), are believed to be a couple of thousand years old.

Anuruddha Ratwatte

General Anuruddha Leuke Ratwatte (14 July 1938 – 24 November 2011) was a Sri Lankan politician and Cabinet Minister.

Ratwatte studied at Trinity College, Kandy. He was a cousin of Sirimavo Bandaranaike.

He is the son of Harris Leuke Ratwatte. He was a member of the State Council in 1936 to 1947 for Kegalle and United National Party Member of Parliament for Mawanella from 1947 to 1952. His eldest son, Lohan Ratwatte is the Member of Parliament representing the Kandy District and second son Mahendra Ratwatte is the current Mayor of Kandy.

Devinda Kalupahana

Major General Devinda Kalupahana, RSP, USP, psc, SLAC, is a Sri Lankan general. He was the former General Officer Commanding of 3rd Division, and 2nd Division. He was Director of Operations, General Staff and Commandant, at the Sri Lanka Military Academy.

Kalupahana was educated at Royal College, Colombo. He joined the army in 1966, training to becoming an officer, a Cadet officer training at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.

Sepala Attygalle

General Deshamanya Don Sepala Attygalle, LVO, ADC, idc, psc, SLAC (1922 — January 2001) was a Sri Lankan military leader, a civil servant and a diplomat. He became the longest-serving Commander of the Sri Lankan Army (1967–1977). He went on to serve as the Permanent secretary to the Ministry of Defense and Sri Lankan High Commissioner to the United Kingdom.

Geology of Connecticut

Connecticut is a US state. It is in the north-eastern side of the country. As part of the New England region, Connecticut has undergone much geologic change. It has been shaped by plate tectonics, volcanism, and glacial activity.

During the early Triassic Era, the super-continent Pangea was formed as the Iapetus Ocean closed up and the proto-North American continent collided with Avalonia (modern day Africa). This caused great uplift and the creation of the Appalachian Mountains. The erosion of the Appalachian Mountains now exposes and lifts up metamorphic rocks that used to be very deep in the Earth's.

About 200 million years after this collision and the formation of Pangea, during the middle of the Mesozoic Era, the Atlantic Ocean floor started spreading. This caused a lot of stress. This caused a geologic fault. Connecticut's famous Eastern Border Fault was created. As a result, the land west of this fault was downset, creating a rift valley and causing the land to tilt an average of 15 to 25 degrees. The fault is currently inactive. The formation of this basin eventually refilled with soft fluvial and alluvial sediments.

During Ice Ages, glacial activity shaped much of New England's landscape, eroding mountains, leaving glacial till scattered everywhere, and forming glacial lakes. At its greatest extent, one of these glaciers leaves behind a moraine which became Long Island. 

One of the biggest glacial lakes of the time was Glacial Lake Hitchcock. It formed when the Laurentide ice sheet retreated and glacial meltwater began to accumulate at the glacier’s terminal moraine in Rocky Hill, Connecticut and back up into the Connecticut River. The glacial lake left behind a soft, varved landscape, gathering silt and sand in the summertime due to the influx of glacial meltwater and clay in the wintertime as the lake froze until it was later drained.

River Valley has a soft surface. It is also high in nutrients and host the majority of Connecticut's farmland soils. The land on either side of the Connecticut River Valley is less suitable for farmlands. The eastern section holds the shallow Proto-North American Terrane while the western section contains the Iapetos and Avalonian Terranes. These places still holds remnants of glacial till and lack the soft fluvial sediments so prominent in the Connecticut River Valley region.


Animals of Connecticut

Connecticut has a variety of animal species.


There are 599 Connecticut species listed as endangered, threatened or of special concern. These are 11 species of mammals, 50 species of birds, 11 species of reptiles, 7 species of amphibians, 7 species of fish, and 170 species of invertebrates.

The Peabody Museum of Natural History and the Dinosaur State Park are two places which preserve the prehistory of Connecticut.

Extinct species that once roamed Connecticut include Coelophysis, Dilophosaurus, and Eubrontes.

Sources appear below.






Plants of Connecticut

Connecticut has a variety of plant species. Connecticut belongs to the North American Atlantic Region.


A complete census of tree species taken in 1885 in Hartford County listed 56 species of trees.

Connecticut has a lot of oak-hickory type central hardwood forests. This region historically had a lot of different oaks and chestnuts. However, hickory replaced chestnut with the spread of the chestnut blight.

In the northwestern hills of the state, there are more northern-hardwood type trees.


Crown colony

A Crown colony, also known in the 17th century as royal colony, was a type of colonial administration of the English and later British Empire. Crown, or royal colonies were ruled by a governor which is decided by the Monarch. By the middle of the nineteenth century, the Sovereign appointed royal governors on the advice of the Secretary of State for the Colonies. Under the name of "royal colony", the first of what would later become known as Crown colonies was the English Colony of Virginia. This happened in 1624 after the Crown removed the Royal Charter it had given to the Virginia Company.

Until the mid-nineteenth century, the term "Crown Colony" was only used to refer to those colonies which had been obtain through wars. Examples were Trinidad and Tobago, British Guiana, and the colonies of settlement, such as The Canadas, Newfoundland, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria, Western Australia, and New Zealand, later to become the Dominions. The term continued to be used up until 1981, when the British Nationality Act 1981 reclassified the remaining British colonies as "British Dependent Territories". From 2002 they have been known as British Overseas Territories.



The Star Chamber

The Star Chamber is a 1983 American legal crime drama thriller movie. The story is about law conditions preventing the prosecution of two men who are accused of murdering a 10-year-old boy. A judge named Hardin then tells another judge, Caulfield, of a Star Chamber (judges that identify criminals who fell through the cracks of the judicial system). Sharon Gless plays Emily Hardin, Michael Douglas plays Judge Hardin. This movie was released in August 1983. It received positive reviews from movie critics.

Striking Distance

Striking Distance is an American melodrama thriller movie from 1993. It is about a police Sergeant, Tom Hardy, who rats out his partner for using excessive force on a suspect. The movie is also about abduction. Bruce Willis plays Tom Hardy. Sarah Jessica Parker plays Jo Christman and Emily Harper. This movie was released in September 1993 in United States theaters. The reviews were very bad. "Striking Distance" barely earned back its own $30 million budget.

The Chamber

The Chamber is an American legal drama movie of 1996. It is about a former white supremacist who is a death row inmate scheduled to be executed soon in the State of Mississippi. Gene Hackman plays Sam Cayhill. Faye Dunaway plays Lee Cayhill Bowen. "The Chamber" got bad reviews. It performed very poorly in the box office.

Q*bert

""I'm Q*bert, and I've got all the right moves, I've got the legs too, first arcade game, now my own home video game, I'm ready for anything, Staying away from creeps like I'm gonna coyly takes a quick line, and lots of fancy footwork, longer I hop around, more they're out to get me, Ah eg," (Q*bertese sound) "when they said fame would go to my head, hey weren't kidding, It's not easy being Q*bert, but it's fun.""

— Q*bert

Q*bert (also known as Qbert) is an arcade video game released by Gottlieb in 1982. In this game, the player has to change the color of the cubes on a pyramid by having the game's character jump on top of them. On each stage, the player has a color they have to change the cubes to. To complete the stage, the player has to change the cubes to that color. The player has to avoid obstacles and enemies in the way.

"Q*bert" was one the most popular arcade games of the 1980s. It sold around 25,000 arcade cabinets. It has been released on many video game consoles, including the Atari 2600, ColecoVision, and Commodore 64.

In July 7, 2014 - "Q*bert Rebooted" brand new video game (July 8, 2014), the Q*bert characters including Q*bert, Q*pixel*, Zom*bert*, Jack*Q*lantern*, Franken*bert's Monster*, Q*tankhamen*, Dra*Q*la*, Q*zard, Q*bertha, Q*bot, Q*zilla, Q*tee, Q*knight, Q*nicorn, Q*1000*, Coily, Wrong-Way, Ugg, Slick, Sam, Uppercut and Treasure Chest.

Q*bert lists:


The Birdcage

The Birdcage is a 1996 American comedy movie. The movie is about politics and marriage matters. Robin Williams plays Armand Goldman, Dianne Wiest plays Louise Keeley, Hank Azaria plays Agador, Calista Flockhart plays Barbara Keeley.

"The Birdcage" was released in March 1996 in the United States. Reviews on this movie were very positive. The movie was very successful at the box office.

School Daze

School Daze is a 1988 musical drama movie. Spike Lee plays Darrell, Samuel L. Jackson stars as Leeds. Spike Lee was also director, producer and writer for the movie. The movie is about the lives of black students in Atlanta. "School Daze" was released in February of 1988. The reviews were very positive.

Final Analysis

Final Analysis is an American 1992 melodrama thriller movie. It is about seduction, lies, manipulation and murders. Uma Thurman stars as Diana Baylor and Kim Basinger stars as Heather Evans. The movie got mixed to negative reviews. "Final Analysis" was released in February of 1992. The box office performance was very poor. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Percent-encoding

Percent-encoding, also known as URL-encoding, is the process of preparing characters to be used as parts of URLs on the Internet.


Epistolary novel

An epistolary novel is a novel written as a series of letters or other documents. The word "epistolary" comes from the Latin form of the Greek word ("epistolē"), meaning a letter (see epistle). The epistolary form of writing can make the story seem more realistic to the reader. This is because it is more personal, and is more like the workings of real life.

Some examples of modern epistolary novels are:


Ulavaipu

Ulavaipu is a small village in Cherthala, in Alappuzha District of Kerala, India. The Ulavaipu Mahadeva Temple, an ancient Hindu temple, is here. The temple is dedicated to Shiva, a god in Hinduism. The temple is on the banks of Ulavaipu Backwater Lake, which is part of Vembanadu Backwater Lake.

Gustavo Nieves Campello

Gustavo Nieves Campello (born on March 9, 1982 in Vilalba, Lugo) is a T12/B2 Paralympic athlete from Spain. He became blind quickly when he was 17 years old, and he stopped playing the sport of football. He started athletics after losing his eyesight. He first raced at the 1998 Vigo half marathon. He later competed at IPC European and World Championships. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics but did not win any medals at these Games.

Nieves was born on March 9, 1982 in Vilalba, Lugo. He moved to Germany when he was a baby, and he moved back to Spain when five years old.

Nieves has a disability: he has only some eyesight. He lost his eyesight when he was 17 years old. It happened very fast and was a surprise. It is not understood what caused it or if his eyesight will continue to get worse. Before losing his eyesight, he played football as a midfielder for Sárdoma in Spain's División de Honor Juvenil de Fútbol, and had tried out for Celta de Vigo football team. He quit the sport after his eyesight got bad.

Between 2004 and 2012, Nieves was a student training to be a mining engineer at the University of Vigo. He wanted to study biology but his eyesight meant he could not use a microscope, so he did engineering instead. He can speak some English, and can argue with people in English at athletic events. In 2012, his girlfriend was named Juliana.

Nieves is a T12/B2 track and field athlete, who started running when he was 17 after his eyesight got bad. Because no one in his family ran, he started running at a park in Castrelos Vigo but not with the idea of doing it at the highest level. His first race was the 1998 Vigo half marathon. He was a member of the Celta Vigo athletics club, then joined the Gymnastic Society of Pontevedra athletic club, before leaving the club to join the Alejandro Gomez Athletics Club.

Nieves competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He finished sixth in the 10,000 meter race. He decided not to compete at the 2004 Summer Paralympics so that he could focus on school. He needed a job because athletics did not give him enough money for him to race all the time. After the 2004 Games, more money was there for Paralympic athletes and he was able to race more.

Nieves competed at the 2008 Spanish national championships, and finished first in the 10,000 meter T12 race. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. After the 2008 Games, he changed coaches to Pablo Diaz and joined Gymnastic Society of Pontevedra athletic club. In 2009, he practiced in Pontevedra and Lugo, and he was coached by Pablo Diaz. In 2009, he had a goal of trying to go to the 2012 Summer Paralympics. At the 2009 IPC European Athletics Championships, he finished first in two races and finished second in another. He also set a world record in the 10,000 meters. His second first-place finish was in the 5,000 meters and the second-place finish was in the 1,500 meters. In 2009, he set a world record in the T12 10,000 meter event during a race in Galacia.

In 2010, Nieves set a world record in the T12 10,000 meter race. 40 days later at a race in Jerez de la Frontera, he set a world record in 10,000 meters. He competed in the 2011 Pontevedra half marathon. In 2011, he injured the third metatarsal. His physical therapy after the injury involved training in the pool. He started competing again in late September 2011 at a race in Berlin.

In March 2012, Nieves was training up to four hours a day at the Galician Sports Modernization Center (CGTD). He finished first in the 2012 San Silvestre Candelaria 4,500 meter race. He competed at the 2012 Spanish national Paralympic athletic championships where he came in first in the 5,000 meters. A few months before the London Paralympics, he had problems with his tendons. He did not compete in the 2012 European Championships because of his tendon injury. As a 28 year old, he raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, finishing fourth in the 5,000 meters. His time was 4 seconds slower than his personal best.

Nieves competed in the 2013 San Silvestre Candelaria 4,500 meter race. In May 2013, he competed at the Kern Sauleda Pharme-Grand Prix to try to get to be allowed to race at the IPC Athletics World Championships in Lyon, France in the 5,000 meter race. Later that month, he tried to be eligible for the World Championships in the 10,000 meter race at a race in Huesca. Nieves has a goal of trying to compete in the 2016 Summer Paralympics.


Civil defence

Civil defence (or civil defense) is a system used to protect the civilians of a state from coming under attack. It involves plans for preparing for and responding to emergency situations, plans for evacuation, and plans for how to recover from attacks. In some countries, civil defence is seen as an important part of military defence. Programmes of this kind were first explored at least as early as the 1920s. They have been used in many countries, especially since the threat of nuclear weapons has become known.

Since the end of the Cold War, the focus of civil defence has become more and more for disasters in general. The new concept is described by a number of terms, each of which has its own specific meaning, such as crisis management, emergency management, emergency preparedness, emergency services, and civil protection. 


Football at the 1936 Summer Olympics

The 1936 Olympic football tournament was won by Italy. They were the favourites to win, having won the FIFA World Cup in 1934. The host nation, Germany, were also one of the favourites at the start of the competition. They had only lost at home once in three years. However, they were beaten in the quarter-finals. The bronze- and gold-medal games were watched by a combined total of 195,000 people.

Replay



Suman Sahai

Suman Sahai is an Indian activist and the founder of Gene Campaign.

Sahai got a Ph.D. from the Indian Agricultural Research Institute in 1975. She then worked at the University of Alberta, University of Chicago, and the University of Heidelberg, where she did her habilitation in human genetics. The Web of Science shows that Sahai has published over 40 articles. They are mostly on policy issues dealing with genetically-modified organisms. Her articles have been cited over 150 times and she has an h-index of 7. She is director of the non-governmental organization, Gene Campaign.


In April 2013 it was shown that Sahai committed plagiarism in her habilitation thesis. She had submitted this thesis to the University of Heidelberg in 1986. She was also accused of presenting herself as being or having been a professor at that University. She never actually had such a position. The University of Heidelberg confirmed on 14 April, 2013, that plagiarism had taken place. The university also said that Sahai has no right to call herself a professor of the University of Heidelberg. Her habilitation has been revoked.

Valentin de Boulogne

Valentin de Boulogne (baptised 3 January 1591 – died 19 August 1632) was a French painter. He is also known as Le Valentin, his real name was Jean Valentin. Later in life, Valentin went to Rome to study. In Rome, he was under the influence of Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio and Bartolomeo Manfredi. Valentin's teacher was Simon Vouet.

Anna Q. Nilsson

Anna Quirentia Nilsson (March 30, 1888 – February 11, 1974) was a Swedish and American actress. She first achieved success in silent movies. She moved to the United States around 1905. She began acting in silent movies, and then moved into ones with sound. From the 1930s to the 1950s, she played small roles in movies with sound. The most notable one was acting as herself in the movie "Sunset Boulevard" in 1950. She was also in "The Farmer's Daughter" in 1947.

Nilsson was born in Sweden. She died due to heart failure in Sun City, California, at age 85.

Anita Loos

Anita Loos (born April 26, 1889 – August 18, 1981) was an American screenwriter, stage actress and author. She wrote several novels. She was best known for her book "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes". She also wrote its sequel "But Gentlemen Marry Brunettes". She was a screenwriter of many movies.

Loos was born in Sisson, California. She later moved to New York City. She died there in August 1981 from natural causes at age ninety-two.

Florence La Badie

Florence La Badie (27 April 1888 – 13 October 1917) was an American actress. She appeared mostly in silent movies. She played Kate in "The Broken Cross", a 1911 silent movie. She also acted in the 1912 adaptation of "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde".

There is controversy about where La Badie was born. She died due to an automobile accident at age 29 in New York.

Austin Butler

Austin Butler (born August 17, 1991) is an American actor. His early roles were as "Jake Krandle" in the TV series "iCarly" and as "James Garrett" in "Zoey 101". He became well known in 2022 for playing Elvis Presley in "Elvis". The role won him a Golden Globe Award, BAFTA Award and earned him an Academy Award for Best Actor nomination.

Austin Butler was born in Anaheim, California. His parents are Lori and David Butler. 

Butler was in a relationship with actress Vanessa Hudgens from 2011 to 2020. He is currently dating model Kaia Gerber since late 2021.

His first acting job was in a supporting role in the TV Series "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide". His older sister also plays in that TV series. From 2007 to 2008 he played in the 4th season of "Zoey 101" as James Garrett. Other television appearance were "Hannah Montana", "iCarly", "Jonas L.A.", "Zeke and Luther", and "Wizards of Waverly Place". In 2009, he was in the TV series "Ruby & the Rockits" as Jordan Gallagher. This series was unsuccessful and ended after 10 episodes.

Later, he played with Ashley Tisdale in the film "Aliens in the Attic" and in "Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure". Since 2011, he has been in the ABC-Family-Series "Switched at Birth".

In July 2019, he appeared in the Quentin Tarantino movie "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood" as a fictional version of Manson Family member Tex Watson. That same month, Butler was cast as Elvis Presley in "Elvis", a biographical movie about the singer directed by Baz Luhrmann. In 2024, he portrayed Feyd-Rautha Harkonnen in "", directed by Denis Villenueve and based on the novel by Frank Herbert.

Edna St. Vincent Millay

Edna St. Vincent Millay (February 22, 1892 – October 19, 1950) was an American playwright and poet. She received the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1923. She was the third female to win the award. Millay was also a feminist. She used the name Nancy Boyd during her career. Millay's fame began around 1912 when she entered a poem, "Renascence", in a contest in "The Lyric Year".

On February 22, 1892, Edna St. Vincent Millay, one of the best American poets, was born in Rockland, Maine. When she was eight years old, her mother Cora, left her father because he could not support the family; therefore, Cora raised her three daughters on her own and changed Millay’s future career in a huge way. When she was a young girl, Millay decided to train her writing skills even though she moved many times and didn't have much money. A few years later, they lived in Cora’s Aunt’s house, where she began writing her first poem.

Edna St. Vincent Millay became a famous author by adding the newest point of view with old ones to form a special American poetry. Her first poem, “Forest Trees,” was written when she was fourteen and appeared in "St. Nicholas Magazine". Within the next four years, "St. Nicholas" published five more of her poems. Three years later, her poem, “The Land of Romance,” got the gold award of The "St. Nicholas League" and was reprinted in "Current Literature" in April. In 1913, she took several classes at Barnard College, where she prepared for moving to Vassar. The days in Vassar College also changed Millay’s career. This college became a good place to develop her talent. She became a writer for Vassar Miscellany and a good school songwriter. Until the year of 1917, Millay left a lot of work for Vassar College.

After Cora, Millay’s mother, left her husband, she raised her three children and helped them to learn American language arts by reading old books with them. When Millay got older, she went to Vassar College, where she learned how to be a good poet. In 1923, Millay married 43-year-old Eugen Jan Boissevain, who supported Millay’s career and took care of housework for her. These events made Edna St. Vincent Millay a successful American writer.

In her life, Edna St. Vincent Millay wrote a lot of plays and poetry collections. The most famous one is "The Ballad of the Harp-Weaver." This book won her the Pulitzer Prize for poetry in 1923. Also, as a good writer, she wrote five plays early in her living. For example, "The Lamp and the Bell" would be the best play she wrote in the 1920s. Published in 1921, "The Lamp and the Bell" was a play written for Vassar College about love between women. Moreover, she also wrote down "The King's Henchman" in 1927. This opera was described as “the most effectively and artistically wrought American opera ever to reach the stage.”



During her 58 years of life, Edna St. Vincent Millay left many works that have made a change in American society. She once said, “this book, when I am dead, will be a little faint perfume of me. People who knew me well will say she really used to think that way.” By leaving this famous sentence, Millay supported Americans to put out their thoughts in words. In addition, she also made young Americans think that they had the ability to change the world by saying, “the young generation forms a country of its own. It has no geographical boundaries. ... These young people are going to do things. They are going to change things." She tried to change the society by supporting these young people to believe in themselves.

On October 19, 1950, Millay was found in her house, alone, without a breath. Several years before, Millay had a nervous breakdown and stopped writing. Although she slowly got better because of her husband’s care, her husband, Eugen Jan Boissevain, died in 1949 due to serious cancer. One year after, Millay fell down in her house and was found eight hours after her death. Later on, Nancy Milford, the writer who also wrote "million-selling Zelda", published the first biography about Millay’s life in the book, "Savage Beauty: The Life of Edna St Vincent Millay" in 2001, giving the entire world a chance to get to know the life of this famous author.

Margaret Rutherford

Dame Margaret Taylor Rutherford (May 11, 1892 – May 22, 1972) was an English character actress. She usually played eccentric characters in movies. Her first movie was in 1936. She became known for playing Madame Arcati in the 1945 movie "Blithe Spirit". Her other movies include: "The Happiest Days of Your Life" and "The Importance of Being Earnest". She also performed in stage plays in her acting career. In 1961, Margaret later declared Officer of the Order of the British Empire. She was named a Dame Commander six years after that.

Rutherford was born in the London neighborhood of Balham. She died from Alzheimer's disease in Chalfont St Peter, Buckinghamshire at age 80.


The Farmer's Daughter

The Farmer's Daughter is a political based 1947 movie. The movie is about a farmgirl who ends up working as a maid for a Congressman and his very powerful mother. Loretta Young stars as Katie Holstrom. Anna Q. Nillson plays as Mrs. Holstrom. Loretta Young received the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in this movie. The movie was released in March and April 1947 in the United States.

Ethel Barrymore

Ethel Barrymore (or Ethel Mae Blythe; 15 August 1879 – 18 June 1959) was an American actress. She was a member of the Barrymore family of actors. She became quite popular in stage and on Broadway.

Barrymore's first appearance was in 1895, in "The Imprudent Young Couple". She played Nora in the play "A Doll's House" in 1905. She was also in the critically acclaimed movie "None but the Lonely Heart". She was in Alfred Hitchcock movies. She was the sister of actors John and Lionel Barrymore and grand-aunt of the actress Drew Barrymore.

Barrymore was born in Philadelphia. She died from Cardiovascular disease in Hollywood, California.

Martha Graham

Martha Graham (May 11, 1894 – April 1, 1991) was an American modern dancer and choreographer. Her influences on modern dance are usually compared with the influence Picasso had on the modern visual arts. She was the first dancer to perform at the White House. She got a Presidential Medal of Freedom. She danced and choreographed for more than seventy years.

Graham was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She died at age ninety-six from pneumonia.

Jeane Dixon

Jeane Dixon (born Lydia Emma Pinckert, 5 January 1904 – 25 January 1997) was an American psychic and astrologist. She also wrote newspaper columns. She reportedly predicted certain major events of the 20th century. She also wrote many novels. 

She was known for working with Nancy Reagan to protect her husband, Ronald Reagan from any danger spiritually.

Dixon was born in Medford, Wisconsin. She died from cardiac arrest at 93.

Mapitigama Buddharakkitha

Mapitigama Buddharakkitha (1921−1967) was the person who planned the assassination of the fourth Prime Minister of Ceylon (later Sri Lanka), S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike. He served as the leader of the Kelaniya Raja Maha Vihara, one of the most sacred Buddhist temples in Sri Lanka from 1947 to 1959.

Amy Carlson

Amy Carlson (born July 7, 1968) is an American actress. She performs mostly on television but has had some movies. She played Josie Watts in the soap opera "Another World", and Alex Taylor in "Third Watch". Carlson was nominated in 1998 for an Emmy Award.

Carlson was born in Illinois.

Carlson currently resides in New York City with her daughter, born on October 4, 2006; her son, born on August 27, 2009; and her long-time partner Syd Butler, bass guitar player of the 8G Band on "Late Night with Seth Meyers", and of indie rock band Les Savy Fav and owner of the independent label Frenchkiss Records.

Ratnasiri Wickremanayake

Ratnasiri Wickremanayake (, ; 5 May 1933 – 27 December 2016) was a Sri Lankan politician. He was Prime Minister of Sri Lanka two times from 2000 to 2001 and again from 2005 to 2010. He is currently a National List member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.

Wickremanayake first served as Prime Minister from August 2000 to December 2001. He became minister after Sirimavo Bandaranaike resigned from the position at the age of 84. He is a senior vice-president of the ruling Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP).

YWCA

The Young Women's Christian Association (YWCA) is the world's largest women's organization.

It is represented in more than 120 countries around the world with more than 25 million women and girls as members. The motto of the YWCA is the empowerment of women, worldwide.

In Great Britain and Northern Ireland, only the abbreviation YWCA is used. The full name is not used because Christianity no longer plays a role in the organization.

The YWCA in the United States is a member of the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence for stricter gun control.

In Switzerland, the YWCA was widespread as the Christian Association of Young Women (CVJF) until it merged with the CVJM to form Cevi Switzerland.



D. M. Jayaratne

Dissanayaka Mudiyanselage Jayaratne (, ; 4 June 1931 – 19 November 2019) known as D. M. "Di Mu" Jayaratne was a Sri Lankan politician. He was Prime Minister of Sri Lanka from 2010 to 2015. He was a founding member of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.

Jayaratne was first elected to parliament in 1970. He was sworn in as Prime Minister on 21 April 2010.

Jayaratne died on 19 November 2019 at a private hospital in Kandy, Sri Lanka at the age of 88.

Asiana Airlines Flight 214

Asiana Airlines Flight 214 was a passenger flight from Incheon International Airport, South Korea, to San Francisco International Airport, United States. On July 6, 2013, the aircraft crash-landed at San Francisco International Airport. There were 307 people (291 passengers and 16 crew) aboard the plane. Two passengers were killed and 182 were hurt. A third passenger also died, but it is possible that she survived the crash and was run over by a fire truck. When the plane was coming in to land, the engines were idle and the plane was flying much slower than it should have been. 1.5 seconds before the plane crashed, the pilots tried a go-around, but they were too late.

The aircraft which crashed was a Boeing 777-200ER, and it had been used by Asiana Airlines since March 2006. The crash was the first time anyone ever died aboard a Boeing 777.

The aircraft used on Flight 214 was a Boeing 777-28EER. The plane's registration number was HL7742, and it had Pratt & Whitney PW4090 engines. The plane was delivered to Asiana Airlines in March 2006. The aircraft had flown for about 36,000 hours.

On July 6, 2013, Flight 214 took off from Incheon International Airport (ICN) at 5:04 p.m. KST (08:04 UTC), which was 34 minutes late. It was supposed to land at San Francisco International Airport (SFO) at 11:04 a.m. PDT (18:04 UTC).

On July 6, 2013, at 11:26 PDT (18:26 UTC), the aircraft crashed at San Francisco International Airport (SFO) when it was landing. It landed before the start of runway 28L, and it hit the seawall in San Francisco Bay. The pilots wanted to approach the runway at 137 knots, but the flight data recorder showed that the speed was below this, and that the engines were idle during the approach. When the plane crashed, both engines and the tail section were torn off the plane. People who saw the crash said there was a fireball when the aircraft crashed. There was a second, big explosion minutes after the crash. Evacuation slides were used to get the passengers off the plane. Even though the plane was damaged a lot, "many [...] were able to walk away on their own".

The Instrument Landing System (ILS) on runway 28L had been out of order since June 11. Therefore, the planes were landed by the pilot, without a lot of help from the autopilot; the clear weather made it easier to do this. Chesley Sullenberger, the pilot who saved US Airways Flight 1549, said that investigators would think about whether the ILS being unavailable could have helped the crash happen.

This was only the third fatal crash in Asiana's history. It was also the first fatal airliner crash in the United States since the Colgan Air Flight 3407 crash in 2009.

Four pilots were on board the plane. The pilots flying when the plane crashed were Lee Jeong-min, 49, who has flown for 12,387 hours (3,220 with the 777) and Lee Kang-kook, 45, who has flown for 9,793 hours including 43 hours on 777, according to the South Korean transport ministry. Lee Kang-kook being trained to fly the 777, and this was his first landing at San Francisco in the aircraft. However, he had landed at San Francisco before in a Boeing 747. Lee Kang-kook only had 43 hours of experience with the 777 before the crash.

Chief of San Francisco Fire Department, Joanne Hayes-White, said that two people died. Both of them were Chinese and 16 years old. Both of their bodies were found inside the plane, near the tail break Only one person was missing. Before this, it was thought that 60 people were missing. Later, Hayes-White said that everyone had been found.

Seventy students and teachers going to the United States for summer camp were among the Chinese passengers. Thirty of the students and teachers were from Shanxi, and the others were from Zhejiang. Five of the teachers and 29 of the students were from Jiangshan High School in Zhejiang. They were traveling in one group. 35 of the students were going to a West Valley Christian School summer camp.

One teacher had small injuries, and the two passengers who died were supposed to be going to the West Valley camp.

Several passengers noticed how close the plane was to the Bay when it was coming in to land. This caused the water to jump up when the engines were powered up just before the crash.

When the plane hit the ground, it was said that the oxygen masks dropped right away. After the aircraft stopped, some passengers said that there were sparks inside the cabin.

Just after the crash, the pilots told the flight crew not to evacuate the passengers. However, the pilots later told them to evacuate, and the crew did so quickly. The crew also helped several passengers who could not escape the plane alone. One of the pilots carried out a passenger with an injured leg.

One flight attendant said that many of the Chinese passengers, at first, could not understand the instructions to evacuate because of a language barrier.

During the evacuation, a fire began in the cabin, near the 10th row. One of the pilots put it out.

Two of the escape slides shot into the cabin instead of outside of it. The first escape slide blocked one of the exits and almost suffocated a flight attendant. One of the pilots burst it with an axe from the cockpit. The second went towards the middle of the aircraft, where there was a fire. It trapped another flight attendant, but a pilot burst it with a knife.

Some passengers who were sitting at the back of the plane got out through the hole left by the tail of the plane, which was torn off in the crash.

The National Transportation Safety Board has started an investigation. An NTSB team has been sent to San Francisco. Asiana CEO Yoon Young-Doo said "Currently we understand that there were no engine or mechanical problems." It is thought that the plane was too low when it was coming in to land and hit the seawall. The NTSB said that it looked like the pilots were flying too slowly while approaching the runway. The sound of the stick shaker (when the yoke vibrates to warn pilots that the plane may stall) could be heard about 4 seconds before the crash on the cockpit voice recorder. The crew tried a go-around 1.5 seconds before the plane hit the ground and the engines seemed to have worked fine.

On July 7, 2013, NTSB investigators found the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder. They were moved to Washington, D.C. to be analysed. The NTSB said that the pilots tried to stop the landing and go around 1.5 seconds before the crash.

The coroner of San Mateo County, Robert Foucrault, is doing an autopsy on the people who died. He and someone from the fire department have said that one of the girls who died might have survived the crash but might have been killed after being run over by a fire truck.

This was the very first time that anyone died on a Boeing 777 aircraft.

The airport was closed for about five hours after the crash. Flights which were going to San Francisco were told to land somewhere else. Some of the other airports the planes landed at were Sacramento, Los Angeles and Seattle. By 3:30 PDT (22:30 UTC), runways 01L/19R and 01R/19L were open again. However, the runway the accident happened on 28L and the one next to it (28R) stayed closed. About 24 hours later, runway 10L/28R was opened again.

Asiana is still flying from Seoul to San Francisco, but after the incident the flight number was changed to 212.



The Phantom of the Opera (musical)

The Phantom of the Opera is a 1986 musical. Andrew Lloyd Webber and Richard Stilgoe wrote the book. Charles Hart and Stilgoe wrote the lyrics. Andrew Lloyd Webber wrote the music. The musical is based on the 1910 novel, "The Phantom of the Opera" by Gaston Leroux. 

"Phantom" opened at Her Majesty's Theatre in the West End on 9 October 1986. Michael Crawford originated the titular role, with Sarah Brightman played Christine and Steve Barton as Raoul.

The musical opened on Broadway on 26 January 1988 at the Majestic Theatre. Crawford, Brightman, and Barton played their West End roles in the Broadway production.


The story is about a deformed musical genius who lives in a sewer beneath the opera house in Paris. Obsessed with a young soprano by the name of Christine, he terrorizes everyone at the opera in an effort to make her a star.

The musical won various awards over the years, including the 1986 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical and the 1988 Tony Award for Best Musical. Michael Crawford won the Olivier and Tony Awards for Best Actor in a Musical.

The musical was made into a movie with the same name in 2004. It stars Gerard Butler as the Phantom, Emmy Rossum as Christine, and Patrick Wilson as Raoul.

The Color of Friendship

The Color of Friendship is a 2000 television movie. It is based on real life events about the friendship between two girls: Mahree and Piper. Piper lives in the United States while Mahree lives in apartheid-era South Africa. Mahree learns about tolerance and friendship. The movie focuses on racism between two different races. The movie was directed by Kevin Hooks. It was based on a script by Paris Qualles. It stars Lindsey Haun and Shadia Simmons.

Since 2005, Disney Channel has annually aired "Color of Friendship" in celebration of Black History Month in the United States. It was released on VHS in 2002. Many movie critics gave positive reviews about the movie. The movie is also based on the short story written by real life Piper Dellums. "The Color of Friendship" has received many awards and nominations throughout 2000 and 2001. It was nominated for three Young Artist Awards, winning only one. It also was nominated for a Directors Guild of America award. It won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Children's Program. It also won an Humanitas Prize, NAACP Image Award and Writers Guild of America award.

In 1977, Mahree Bok (Lindsey Haun) is a white South African. She lives in a mansion with her parents and little brother. They enjoy the benefits from the system of apartheid. They never questioned if it is good or bad for their country. Mahree's father, Pieter Bok, is a South African policeman. He is overjoyed when Steve Biko (a black South African man fighting against apartheid) is caught by the South African authorities. The family owns a black maid, Flora (Melanie Nicholls-King). Mahree considers her a friend and does not understand that Flora is not happy with her life under apartheid. It is from Flora that Mahree hears about the weaver bird and its nest-building. This is used as a metaphor for racial harmony. Mahree does not understand at the time and tells Flora that "people are not birds".

Piper Dellums (Shadia Simmons) is a black girl who lives in Washington, D.C.. She lives with her father, Congressman Ron Dellums (Carl Lumbly), her mother Roscoe Dellums (Penny Johnson) and her two younger twin brothers, Brady (Anthony Burnett) and Erik (Erron Jackson). Ron Dellums is an outspoken opponent of the South African apartheid system. Piper is excited to be a host to an African exchange student. She believes the exchange student will be black, while Mahree believes her host family will be white. They are not pleased to find out they were both wrong. Ron is also not please by Mahree's political views. Mahree is horrified and panics when she is confronted by this new situation. She locks herself in Piper's bedroom and refuses to come out.

Eventually, Piper finds a way to unlock the door. She gives Mahree food her host family had bought her. She continues to be scared about living in a house with black people. Upset by this, Piper tells Mahree how disappointed she is in her. Stunned by this, Mahree sees how rude she's been, and agrees to stay and try to make this work. During Mahree's stay, she and the Dellums grow closer together. Mahree sees people of different races getting along. She then realizes how much she and Piper have in common. They become friends. She then develops a better understanding of what life under South African apartheid must be like for people of color.

Steve Biko, a member of the South African liberation movement, is killed by South African police. This leads to a mass protest from around the world, including at the South African embassy in Washington, D.C. The diplomats arrives at the Dellums' house and take Mahree to the embassy. They want to take her back to South Africa, fearing for her life. Upset, Ron goes to the South African embassy. He threatens to tell the press that they kidnapped Mahree from her host family. They then released her to the Dellums. Mahree still does not know what happened to her and why.

When she returns to the Dellum's house, she made a rude comment about Biko's death. Angry at this, Piper shouts at her for being racist. Hurt, Mahree runs away. Piper's parents talk to them both and they soon become friends again. With Ron's help, Mahree finally understands what the liberation fighters in South African stand for. Mahree tells Ron and Piper about the weaver bird story Flora had told her. Ron uses this as a speech to the American people. Mahree departs the United States. She is a different person. When she returns, the first person she greets is Flora. In secret, Mahree shows her freedom flag sewn insider her coat. This tells Flora she sides with the black liberation movement. Flora is touched by this and pleased to know she wants to fight for their freedom.

The movie was based on a short story called "Simunye". It was written by real life Piper Dellums. It was about a South African girl named Carrie coming to stay with her family. Dellums writes that she lost contact with Carrie after she returned to South Africa. She does not know what happened to her. In "Simunye", Piper believed that Carrie was murdered for her anti-racist views.

The movie received positive reviews from movie critics. It was played on the Disney Channel several times throughout 2000 and 2001. After this, the channel stopped airing the movie. Beginning in 2006, Disney Channel began airing the movie annually in early February. It was meant for Black History Month. A VHS of the movie was released in 2002. Included was the music video for "Galaxy is Ours" from "".

Maitree Wickramasinghe

Maithree Wickramasinghe (born 11 August 1954) is a Sri Lankan academic and Professor of English at the University of Kelaniya. The wife of Ranil Wickremasinghe the current Prime Minister of Sri Lanka, she is the founder director of the Centre for Gender Studies at the University of Kelaniya and a visiting professor on gender and women's studies at other educational institutions including the University of Colombo and the University of Sussex. Maithree Wickramasinghe has delivered keynotes and plenaries at academic and professional fora in the US, Spain, Kenya, India, Pakistan, Singapore, South Korea and China.

The only child of the late Senevi B. Wickremasinghe and Shiranee Wickremasinghe (née Bandaratilaka) of Nawala, Koswatte. She graduated from King's College London with a BA (Hons) degree in English and went on to complete her MA degree in Women’s Studies at the University of Colombo. She had gained her PhD degree from the Institute of Education, University of London. In 1995 she married Ranil Wickremasinghe.


Rain (video game)

Rain (stylized as rain), is a adventure video game developed by Acquire and SCE Japan Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. The game was known as Lost in the Rain in Asia.

The game was announced at Gamescom. The game was released on October 1, 2013 in North America, October 2, 2013 in Europe and on October 3, 2013 in Japan. It was released on the PlayStation Network.

The game is about a nameless boy that lost out in the rain sees the silhouette of a young girl. He follows her and turns invisible like her. After he turns invisible he sees that there are many other creatures that are invisible and roam around. He must find his way to the young girl among the world of the invisible.

IGN rated the game a 7 out of 10 and said "Rain creates a distinctive heartbreaking atmosphere, but fails to develop it into a more engrossing experience.”

GameSpot gave the game a 7 out of 10 and stated "Rain uses chilling atmosphere and a heartfelt story to draw you in to this fantastical world", but criticized some of the mechanics of the puzzles."


Beachbody

Beachbody LLC is an American multinational corporation and pyramid scheme. It sells fitness, weight loss and muscle-building home-exercise DVDs. The company's best-known product is Tony Horton's P90X. Its television advertisements have become some of the most frequently shown infomercials in the United States. American fitness coach, Shaun T. was signed by Beachbody to create the "most intense and insane workout ever put on DVD". This led to the creation of Insanity, becoming one of the best-selling exercise DVDs in the United States.


Kinky Boots

Kinky Boots is a musical. It is based on the 2005 movie, "Kinky Boots". It is about a shoemaker who saves his factory by creating a line of fetish boots with the help of a drag queen. 

Cyndi Lauper wrote the music and lyrics. Harvey Fierstein wrote the musical's book. It opened on Broadway at the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on April 4, 2013. It won the 2013 Tony Award for Best Musical.

Vijaya Kumaranatunga

Kovilage Anton Vijaya Kumaranatunga (; 9 October 1945 – 16 February 1988) was a popular Sri Lankan movie actor and politician. He was married to former Sri Lankan president Chandrika Kumaratunga from 1978 until his assassination in 1988.

In 1978, Kumaranatunga married Chandrika Bandaranaike, daughter of the late Sri Lankan Prime Minister S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike and former Prime Minister Sirimavo Bandaranaike. Vijaya Kumaranatunga and Chandrika Bandaranaike had two children, Yasodhara Kumaranatunga Walker (MD) and Vimukthi Kumaranatunga (Vet) in UK.

Kumaratunga was shot with a Type 56 assault rifle outside his home on the outskirts of Colombo on 16 February 1988 by Lionel Ranasinghe. He was shot twice in back while Gamini sitting in the back seat of the motorcycle. After the gunshot, Kumaratunga fell to the ground and Gamini got off the motorcycle before shooting Kumaratunga once more in the head, thinking that the first two shots would not have killed Kumaratunga.

Webster City, Iowa

Webster City is a city in central Iowa. The original name was Newcastle. Almost 8,000 people lived there as of the 2020 Census.

S. B. S. Abayakoon

S. B. S. Abayakoon (born 1958) is the dean of the University of Peradeniya, Sri Lanka. Before that, he was the Dean of the Faculty of Engineering for four and a half years. He is a professor of Civil Engineering, at Faculty of Engineering, University of Peradeniya. He was appointed the 20th vice-chancellor of the university in August 2009.


MacKinlay Kantor

Benjamin McKinlay Kantor (February 4, 1904 – October 11, 1977) was an American journalist and novelist. He received the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1956. He wrote over 30 novels. Several of them were set in the American Civil War.

Kantor was born in Webster City, Iowa. He died from a heart attack at seventy-three in Sarasota, Florida.

Sally Rand

Hattie Helen Gould Beck (or Sally Rand; April 3, 1904 – August 31, 1979) was an American actress and dancer. She starred in many silent movies and in movies with sound. Her movies included "The Dressmaker from Paris" and "The Road to Yesterday", both in 1925. Other movies followed.

Rand was born in Missouri. She died due to congestive heart failure at seventy-five.

Helen Kane

Helen Claire Schroeder (later known as Helen Kane; August 4, 1904 – September 26, 1966) was an American singer and musician. She performed popular music. She sang the famous melody "I Wanna be Loved by You" during the late 1920s. She also performed vaudeville. She recorded 22 singles between 1928 and 1930. She also performed in movies.

The cartoon character Betty Boop is based on Helen Kane.

Schroeder was born in The Bronx, New York. She died in Queens, New York at the age of 62.

Laura La Plante

Laura La Plante (1 November 1904 – 14 October 1996) was an American actress. She performed in silent movies. She ended her career around 1934 when talking movies began.

La Plante was born in St. Louis, Missouri. She died due to Alzheimer's disease in California at age 91.

Welsh Wikipedia

The Welsh Wikipedia ("Welsh": Wicipedia Cymraeg or just Wicipedia) is the Welsh-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in July 2003. As of August 2021, it has 133,349 articles.


Hindi Wikipedia

The Hindi Wikipedia is the Hindi-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in July 2003. As of June 2018, it had over 125,000 articles. It is only Indian language Wikipedia with over 100,000 articles. 


The Potato Eaters

The Potato Eaters is a painting made by Vincent van Gogh. It was one of his first paintings he made. He painted it at the age of 32 in 1885. Potato Eaters is a painting of peasants that lived in his town.

Thelma Ritter

Thelma Ritter (14 February 1902 – 5 February 1969) was an American actress. She played comedic roles. She received six Academy Award nominations and won one Tony Award. Her notable movies included "All about Eve" in 1950, "Titanic" in 1953 and "Rear Window" in 1954. Ritter also played some dramatic roles, the most notable of were in "With a Song in My Heart", and in "The Misfits".

Ritter was born in New York City. She died there due to a heart attack at the age of 66.

Slovene Wikipedia

The Slovene Wikipedia ("Slovenska Wikipedija") is the Slovene-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in February 2002.

As of October 2015, it is the 42nd largest edition of Wikipedia by number of articles.

As of 2024, it has about articles.


Mildred Natwick

Mildred Natwick (June 19, 1905 – October 25, 1994) was an American stage and movie actress. She played the mother of actress Jane Fonda in the movie "Barefoot in the Park". She acted in John Ford movies, including "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon" and "3 Godfathers", both of which got released in 1948. Her last role was in "Dangerous Liaisons" in 1988.

Natwick was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She died from cancer at age 89 in New York City.

Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark

Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark is a musical. Julie Taymor wrote the book. U2's Bono and The Edge wrote the lyrics and music. 
The musical is based on a comic book character created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko, as well as the 2002 movie about the character. The Greek myth of Arachne is also a basis for the musical.

The musical features much stunt work, including moments of "flying". Some performers were injured during rehearsals. Other problems delayed the premiere of the musical. Director Julie Taymor quit. After many rehearsals and revisions, the musical opened on Broadway at the Foxwoods Theatre on 14 June 2011. It was not a critical success.

The series has all 26 episodes of the 2 seasons with thirteen episodes of the each season. The series aired on RTL, France 3, Gulli, Canal J and Canal 5 Televisa on 2006 to 2009 before Spider-Man get cancelled the program in 2009.

Thai Wikipedia

The Thai Wikipedia () is the Thai-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in December 2003. As of October 2019, it has over 133,000 articles.


Waray Wikipedia

The Waray Wikipedia is the Waray language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started on September 25, 2005. As of January 2021, it is the 11th-largest language edition of Wikipedia. It has over articles.


Little Orphan Annie

Little Orphan Annie was a daily comic strip created by Harold Gray. The strip made its first appearance on August 5, 1924 in the "New York Daily News". The main characters in the strip were Little Orphan Annie, Oliver "Daddy" Warbucks, and Annie's dog Sandy. The strip followed Annie's many adventures around the world. It was cancelled on June 13, 2010.

Strip spin-offs over the years included a 1930 radio series; two movies in 1932 and 1938; an assortment of chapter books, games, comic books and other juvenile paraphernalia; the Broadway musical, "Annie"; and a movie adaptation of the musical. 

Nancy (comics)

Nancy is a daily comic strip originally written and drawn by Ernie Bushmiller. Nancy is a pudgy little girl whose friends include poor boy Sluggo, rich kid Rollo, bully and troublemaker Spike, girlfriend Irma, and a dog named Poochie. 

Nancy lives with her unmarried aunt, Fritzi Ritz. Nancy made her first appearance in her aunt's strip on January 2, 1933, but broke away in 1938 to star in her own. When Bushmiller died in August 1982, the strip was continued by other writers and artists.

Dorothy Fields

Dorothy Fields (July 15, 1904 – March 28, 1974) was an American songwriter. She wrote more than 400 songs for Broadway musicals and movies. She wrote the lyrics for "I Can't Give You Anything but Love, Baby" and for "Exactly Like You". The latter was recorded by many musicians.

Fields co-wrote the 1961 song "The Way You Look Tonight" with Jerome Kern. The song was in the movie "Swing Time" and won the Academy Award for Best Original Song.

Fields was born in New Jersey. She died due to a stroke at age sixty-eight.

Hazel (comics)

Hazel was a single panel comic strip by Ted Key that appeared for many years in the last pages of "The Saturday Evening Post", beginning in 1943. She was a maid for the well to do Baxter family. In the early 1960s, she was played by Shirley Booth in a television sitcom series with Don Defore, Whitney Blake, and Bobby Buntrock as the Baxters. In 1977, Key received the National Cartoonists Society Newspaper Panel Award for "Hazel".

Anna Magnani

Anna Magnani (March 7, 1908 – September 26, 1973) was an Italian stage and movie actress. She received an Academy Award for the Best Actress for her role as a Sicilian widow in the movie "The Rose Tattoo". She played an outcast in the 1948 movie "The Miracle". She played Maddalena in the 1953 movie "The Golden Coach".

Magnani was born in Rome. She later died there due to pancreatic cancer at age sixty-five.

Ida Pollock

Ida Julia Pollock (April 12, 1908 - December 3, 2013) was a British writer of many romance novels. She has also written short stories. She has used ten pen names. Her books have mostly been about romance and love, but sometimes about historical subjects. In 1964, she published a novel called "The Gentle Masquerade". That book was successful.

Pollock was born in Kent, England.

Alistair Cooke

Alfred Alistair Cooke (or Alistair Cooke; November 20, 1908 – March 30, 2004) was a British-American journalist and television personality. He presented broadcasts for TV networks. He hosted "Masterpiece Theater" on PBS between 1971 and 1992. He retired in 1992, but continued to present "Letter from America" until his death.

Cooke was born in Salford, Lancashire. In 1937 he moved to the United States. In 1973 he was given a knighthood. He died in New York City from lung cancer.

Claire Trevor

Claire Trevor (March 8, 1910 – April 8, 2000) was an American movie actress. She usually played "bad girl" roles in movies. She received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as a hopeless alcoholic in the movie "Key Largo". She also received nominations for her roles in the movies "The High and the Mighty" and "Dead End". She was in over sixty movies.

Trevor was born Claire Wemlinger in New York City. She died due to respiratory failure at age ninety in California.

Margaret Lindsay

Margaret Lindsay (September 19, 1910 – May 9, 1981) was an American actress. She worked with Warner Bros. in the 1930s. Her movies included "Fog over Frisco" and "Jezebel". She also acted in B movies during her career. Her most notable role was in "The House of the Seven Gables" in 1940.

Lindasy was born in Dubuque, Iowa. She died from emphysema in Los Angeles.

Dorothea Tanning

Dorothea Margaret Tanning (25 August 1910 – 31 January 2012) was an American painter and sculptor. She also created ballet sets and costumes. She was also a book writer who performed poetry. She wrote "Between Lives: An Artist and Her World". Her most notable paintings were done in the 1930s, the 1940s and 1950s.

Tanning was born in Galesburg, Illinois. She died at age 101 in Manhattan, New York.

Alicia Markova

Alicia Markova DBE (born Lilian Alicia Marks, 1 December 1910 – 2 December 2004) was an English ballerina and choreographer. She also directed and taught ballet. She was the first British dancer to become the prima ballerina of a ballet company.

Markova was born and raised in London. She was a founder dancer of the Ballet Rambert (1931/5), the Vic-Wells Ballet (193/5), Markova-Dolin Company (1935/8), danced for the American Ballet Theatre (1941/5), and was co-founder and director of the English National Ballet. She toured with Dolin after the war until 1949. Her last period as a dancer came with the London Festival Ballet, which became the English National Ballet. She retired from professional dancing in January 1963 at fifty-two.

Markova died at ninety-four in Bath, Somerset, of a stroke.

Markova's father was Jewish, and her mother converted to the faith. She began studying ballet with Princess Serafina Astafieva, a Russian ballerina living in London. Astafieva was a retired dancer of the Ballets Russes, a renowned ballet company founded by the impresario Sergei Diaghilev.

At 13, Markova was seen in class by Diaghilev, who was visiting London in search of new talent. He invited her to join the Ballets Russes in Monte Carlo, which she did in 1925, a month after her 14th birthday. She danced roles which were specially choreographed for her. She met some of the leading 20th century figures who worked with the company. They included Pablo Picasso, Henri Matisse, Igor Stravinsky, Sergei Prokofiev, Léonide Massine, George Balanchine, and Bronislava Nijinska.

Patience (operetta)

Patience; or, Bunthorne's Bride is a two-act operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It was first performed at the Opera Comique in London, on 23 April 1881. On 10 October 1881, it moved to the Savoy Opera, a new theatre built especially for the Gilbert and Sullivan operettas. It was the first theatre to be lit entirely by electricity.

"Patience" was the sixth of the fourteen operettas written by Gilbert and Sullivan. It ran for 578 performances. The operetta is a satire on the mores and extravangas of the aesthetic poets of the 1870s and 1880s. "Patience" was a great success.

Gilbert originally planned to use his Bab ballad, "The Rival Curates", as the basis for "Patience", but had second thoughts about two clergymen in a comedy and turned to the poets of the aesthetic movement instead. D'Oyly Carte sent Oscar Wilde on a lecture tour in the United States to prepare Americans for the background of the operetta.


Solar eclipse of July 16, 2186

A total solar eclipse will happen on July 16, 2186. It will pass over the southern Galápagos Islands (with a maximum eclipse of 4 minutes occurring over the southern tip of Española Island), northern South America (Ecuador including Bogota for 4 minutes and 50 seconds), central Venezuela, and northern Guyana (with a maximum eclipse of 7 minutes 4 seconds just north of Anna Regina).

This will be the longest total solar eclipse between the dates of 4000 BC and 6000 AD. It will last a maximum of 7 minutes, 29 seconds. The longest historical total eclipse lasted 7 minutes 28 seconds on June 15, 744BC.


Eternal Silence

Eternal Silence is a monument in Chicago's Graceland Cemetery. It is also known as the Dexter Graves Monument or the Statue of Death. The statue is a bronze sculpture set on and backdropped by black granite. It was created by American sculptor Lorado Taft in 1909.

"Eternal Silence" is a monument in Graceland Cemetery to Dexter Graves. Graves led a group of thirteen families who moved to Chicago from Ohio in 1831. He died in 1844, and the monument was created by sculptor Lorado Taft in 1909. Taft's son, Henry Graves, asked him to create it. In Ada Bartlett Taft's "1946 Lorado Taft; Sculptor and Citizen", it was listed as one of his most important works. Images of Eternal Silence have been used in other artworks, including works by Claes Oldenburg. One folktale claims that if someone looks into the eyes of "Eternal Silence"s hooded figure, the viewer would be shown his or her own death.


Information systems

Information systems (IS) is the study of how people put data into computers to create useful information.

There are five things you need to make an information system work:


RSA

RSA may refer to:


Blocking (stage)

In theatre, blocking is the exact positioning of actors on a stage during a performance. The word comes from practices used by theatre directors of the 19th century, who worked out the staging of a scene on a model stage using wooden blocks to represent each of the actors. Today, the director usually determines blocking during rehearsal. They tell the actors where they should move for the proper dramatic and lighting effect, and to ensure that the audience can see everything.

The stage itself has been given named areas to help blocking.

Hugh Gaitskell

Hugh Todd Naylor Gaitskell (9 April 1906 – 18 January 1963) was a British politician, and leader of the Labour Party 1955–1963. He was also Chancellor of the Exchequer under Clement Attlee. He read Philosophy, Politics and Economics at New College, University of Oxford. After an academic career at University College London he became the MP for Leeds South in 1945.

List of German monarchs

This is a list of kings who ruled over the German territories of central Europe. The kings reigned from the division of the Frankish Empire in 843 until the end of the German Empire in 1918. It also includes the heads of the different German confederations after the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806.

Emperors are listed in bold. Rival kings, anti-kings, and junior co-regents are listed in "italics".


Secret society

A secret society is an organisation run in secrecy. There would be little or no physical evidence to prove that the society exists. An example of a large secret society is the Illuminati, which stopped existing in 1785 but is believed by some to still exist and be in control of large businesses, banks and individuals, but there is no evidence of this.

Photomontage

A photomontage is an image made of two or more photographs. It is made by cutting and joining the photographs together into an illusion of subject that is not real. A similar method is used today with digital photography, using image-editing software.

Photomontage can also mean the way of making a photomontage.


Montage

Montage may refer to:


Au pair

An au pair is a person from a foreign country who lives in a family for typically a year or two while performing household work in the family's home. An au pair is usually a young girl in her late teens or early 20s. They take care of children as major worktasks. Some au pairs also attend language courses some hours each week.

Butler

A butler is a male domestic worker in a large household with several employees.

The butler is the chief servant, responsible for the day-to-day management of the house and the other servants. In a traditional house the butler, who is always male, directs the male servants, while a housekeeper, a woman, directs the female servants. Traditionally, male servants (such as valets and footmen) were better paid and of higher status than female servants.

Tabouleh

Tabouleh ( "tabūlah"; also tabbouleh or tab(b)ouli) is a salad. It is usually made of bulgur, tomatoes, cucumbers, parsley, mint, onion, and garlic, and seasoned with olive oil, lemon juice, and salt. There are other ways to make it, such as using couscous instead of bulgur.

The salad originally came from the mountains of Syria and Lebanon. It has become popular throughout the Middle East, and has spread to other countries. It is a popular ethnic food in Western countries.

In the Arab world, particularly Syria, Lebanon, Jordan and Palestine, it is usually served as part of a meze.

Ruby Keeler

Ethel Ruby Keeler (August 25, 1909 – February 28, 1993) was a Canadian-American actress, singer, musician and dancer. She acted in several notable musicals through Warner Bros., particularly "42nd Street" in 1933. Almost three years after that, she acted in another famous movie, "Colleen".

Keeler was born in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, but raised in New York. She died from cancer in California at 82.

Animalia Paradoxa

Animalia Paradoxa is the label given to a few species of animal, listed in Carolus Linnaeus early editions of Systema Naturae. Linné thought that these animals did not make sense. Today, such animals are usually called Cryptids. The respective section lists fantastic creatures found in medieval bestiaries as well as those reported by explorers from abroad and gives explanations to why they are excluded from Systema Naturae. According to Swedish historian Gunnar Broberg, it was to offer a natural explanation and demystify the world of superstition. "Paradoxa" was dropped from Linnaeus' classification system as of the 6th edition (1748).

Included in the 1st (1735) edition:

Four taxa were added in the 2nd (1740) edition:

Anita Page

Anita Evelyn Pomares (or Anita Page; born August 4, 1910 – died September 6, 2008) was an American silent movie actress. She retired from acting in 1936 but returned in the late 1990s. She appeared in the movie "Our Dancing Daughters" with Joan Crawford in 1928. The following year, she acted in "The Broadway Melody".

Page was born in Queens, New York. She died in Los Angeles, California at ninety-eight.

Norma Shearer

Edith Norma Shearer (or Norma Shearer; 10 August 1902 – 12 June 1983) was a Canadian and American actress. She was very popular in the 1920s and 1930s. She usually played a girl-next-door in her early movies. She won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in "The Divorcee" in 1930. For most of the time before the Motion Picture Production Code, she played sexually liberated females in sophisticated contemporary comedy movies. She later appeared in historical and period movies.

Shearer was born in Montreal. She died of bronchopneumonia in Los Angeles at 80.

Wood carving

Wood carving is a form of working wood by means of a cutting tool. A chisel or knife are usual tools: the chisel can be tapped with a wooden mallet. The result is a wooden figure, or the sculptural ornamentation of a wooden object. A 'wood carving' may also refer to the finished product.

The making of sculpture in wood has a long history. Wood survives much less well than the other materials such as stone and bronze. It is vulnerable to decay, insect damage, and fire. Therefore, we do not know much about wood in the art history of older cultures. Outdoor wood sculptures do not last long in most parts of the world, so that we have little idea how the totem pole tradition developed.

Many of the most important sculptures of China and Japan are in wood, also most African sculpture and that of Oceania and other regions. Wood is light, so it is suitable for masks and other objects meant to be carried. It can take very fine detail, and is also much easier to work than stone.

Some of the finest examples of early European wood carving are from the Middle Ages in Germany, Russia, Italy and France, where the typical themes of that era were used in Christian icons. In England many complete examples remain from the 16th and 17th century, when oak was often used. In general, really fine carving is done in fruitwood (wood of a fruit tree) because that is easy to work with. The famous woodcarver Grinling Gibbons used to work with lime wood. Complex pieces are often carved in separate sections which are later stuck together.


Barbara West

Barbara Joyce Dainton (née West; May 24, 1911 – October 16, 2007) was the second-to-last remaining survivor of the sinking of the RMS "Titanic". She was the last living survivor who had travelled under second class on the ship.

West was born in Bournemouth, England. She died at age 96 in Truro, Cornwall.

Systema Naturae

Systema Naturae (sometimes written ) is the main work of Carl Linnaeus, where he listed and classified the known species of plants, animals, and minerals. The first edition was only made of seven sheets of folio.

Kay Walsh

Kathleen Walsh (or Kay Walsh; August 27, 1911 – April 16, 2005) was an English actress and dancer. She started in West End music halls. Her first movie role was in 1934 in "How's Chances?". She had a larger role in "Get Your Man", also in 1934. She later moved to higher-prestige movies, including "In Which We Serve" and "This Happy Breed".

Walsh was born in London, England. She died from being burned in an accident at the age of 93.

Grinling Gibbons

Grinling Gibbons (4 April 1648 – 3 August 1721) was an AngloDutch sculptor and wood carver. He was famous for his work in England, including St Paul's Cathedral, Blenheim Palace and Hampton Court Palace.

Gibons was born and educated in Holland of English parents, his father being a merchant.

He is widely regarded as the finest wood carver working in England, and the only one whose name is widely known among the general public. Most of his work is in lime (tilia) wood, especially decorative Baroque garlands made up of still-life elements at about life size. They are made to frame mirrors and decorate the walls of churches and palaces. He also produced furniture and small relief plaques with figurative scenes. He also worked in stone, mostly for churches. By the time he was established he led quite a large workshop.

Very little is known about his early life. About 1667 he moved to Deptford, now in London, and by 1693 had got commissions from the royal family. By 1680 he was known as the "King's Carver", and carried out exquisite work for St Paul's Cathedral and Windsor Castle. His carving was so fine that it was said a pot of carved flowers above his house in London would tremble from the motion of passing coaches.

The diarist John Evelyn first discovered Gibbons' talent by chance in 1671. Evelyn, from whom Gibbons rented a cottage near Evelyn's home in Deptford, wrote: "I saw the young man at his carving, by the light of a candle. I saw him to be engaged on a carved representation of Tintoretto's "Crucifixion", which he had in a frame of his own making". Later that same evening, Evelyn described what he had seen to Sir Christopher Wren. Wren and Evelyn then introduced him to King Charles II who gave him his first commission. It is still in the dining room of Windsor Castle.

Horace Walpole later wrote about Gibbons: "There is no instance of a man before Gibbons who gave wood the loose and airy lightness of flowers, and chained together the various productions of the elements with the free disorder natural to each species."

Gibbons is buried at St Paul's, Covent Garden, London.

Gibbons' work very often includes carvings of peapods. A myth states that he would include a closed pod in his work, only carving it open once he had been paid. If the pea pod was left shut it supposedly showed that he had not been paid for the work.


Sonian Forest

The Sonian Forest (, ) is a large forest in the south-eastern part of Brussels, Belgium.

The forest is in the Flemish parts of Sint-Genesius-Rode, Hoeilaart, Overijse and Tervuren, Uccle , Watermael-Boitsfort, Auderghem and Woluwe-Saint-Pierre in the Brussels-Capitale Region and in the Walloon towns of La Hulpe and Waterloo. Thus it stretches out over the three Belgian Regions. It used to be connected with Bois de la Cambre and Hallerbos (Blue Forest in Belgium) but they split up in 1900.

It is maintained by Flanders (56%), the Brussels-Capitale Region (38%) and Wallonia (6%). There are some parts of the forest privately held forest and the Kapucijnenbos, the "Capuchin Wood", which belongs to the Royal Trust.

Auguste Rodin went to the forest while living in Brussels in the 1870s. He made several paintings of the forest during this time.

Damallsvenskan

Damllsvenskan is the Swedish women's association football top division.


Patricia Routledge

Dame Katherine Patricia Routledge ( ; born 17 February 1929), professionally billed as Patricia Routledge, is an English actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Hyacinth Bucket in the BBC sitcom "Keeping Up Appearances" (1990–1995), for which she was nominated for the BAFTA TV Award for Best Light Entertainment Performance in 1992 and 1993. Her film appearances include "To Sir, with Love" (1967) and "Don't Raise the Bridge, Lower the River" (1968).

Routledge was born in Tranmere, Cheshire, England. She has never been married and has no children. She has lived in Chichester, West Sussex since 2000, and regularly worships at Chichester Cathedral.
, she was a patron of the Beatrix Potter Society.

Rachel Ames

Rachel Ames (born November 2, 1929) is an American television actress. She works mostly in soap operas. Ames played Audrey Hardy in the ABC soap "General Hospital" and its spinoff series "Port Charles". She also played characters in other television series before "General Hospital".

Ames was born in Portland, Oregon.

Tammy Grimes

Tammy Lee Grimes (January 30, 1934 – October 30, 2016) was an American actress and singer. She starred in and won a Tony Award for a 1960 play called "The Unsinkable Molly Brown". She also starred in her own television show "The Tammy Grimes Show" in 1966.

Grimes was born in Lynn, Massachusetts, the daughter of Eola Willard (née Niles), a naturalist and spiritualist, and Luther Nichols Grimes, an innkeeper, country-club manager, and farmer.

She attended high school at the then all-girls school, Beaver Country Day School, and Stephens College, and then studied acting at New York City's Neighborhood Playhouse. She studied singing with Beverley Peck Johnson.

Grimes married Christopher Plummer on August 16, 1956, with whom she had a daughter, actress Amanda Plummer. They divorced in 1960.

Her second husband was actor Jeremy Slate, who she married in 1966 and divorced a year later. Her third husband was composer Richard Bell, who she married in 1971; the couple remained married until Bell's death in 2005.

Grimes died on October 30, 2016, in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 82 from natural causes. Her survivors include her brother, Nick, and her daughter Amanda.


Susan Harris

Susan Harris (born October 28, 1940 in Mount Vernon, New York) is an American screenwriter.

She was a screenwriter of the television series "The Golden Girls". Her last project as a screenwriter was the series "Brighton Belles" from the year 1993.

She was married to producer Paul Junger Witt from 1983 until his death in 2018.

Anne Haney

Anne Haney (March 4, 1934 – May 26, 2001) was an American actress. She worked in some movies, but mostly on television shows. She acted as a social worker in "Mrs. Doubtfire" and as Alberta in the sitcom "Mama's Family". She also guest starred on other television series, including "Designing Women" and "Charmed".

Haney was born in Memphis, Tennessee. She died due to heart failure in Studio City, California at age sixty-seven.

Barbara McNair

Barbara Jean McNair (born 4 March 1934 – 4 February 2007) was an American musician and actress. She became very popular in the 1960s. She was a guest on many television programs, including "The Bell Telephone Hour", "The Steve Allen Show" and "The Hollywood Palace". Her Broadway play credits included "No Strings" and "The Body Beautiful" in the 1960s and 1970s.

McNair was born in Chicago. Around her seventies, she lived in Los Angeles. She died there resulting from throat cancer, age seventy-two.

Little Milton

James Milton Campbell, Jr. (known as Little Milton; September 7, 1934 – August 4, 2005) was an American musician. He played rhythm and blues and electric blues. His hit songs and records included "Grits Ain't Groceries", "We're Gonna Make It" and "Just a Little Bit". He was born in Mississippi. He died following a stroke in Memphis.

Great house

A great house is a large residence, with several domestic workers, usually live-ins. As the 19th and 20th centuries progressed, the number of great houses in the Western world was reduced, as well as the number of domestic workers.

Jackie Joseph

Sammie Jacqueline Joseph (or Jackie Joseph; born November 7, 1934) is an American actress. She plays the voices of characters in certain movies. She played Sheila Futterman in both "Gremlins" movies in 1984 and 1990. She played Jackie on "The Dick Van Dyke Show". She was a regular on "The Doris Day Show", playing Jackie Parker. 

Joseph was born in Los Angeles. She was married to actor Ken Berry from 1960 to 1976.

Gram-negative

Gram-negative bacteria are bacteria that do not retain crystal violet dye in staining. In a Gram stain test, a counterstain, safranin, is added after the crystal violet. This colours all gram-negative bacteria with a red or pink colour.

This happens because an outer membrane stops the penetration of the stain. The test itself is useful in classifying two distinct types of bacteria based on the structural differences of their bacterial cell walls. Gram-positive bacteria retain the crystal violet dye when washed in a decolourizing solution. Compared with gram-positive bacteria, gram-negative bacteria are more resistant against antibiotics, because of their relatively impermeable cell wall.

The lipopolysaccharide layer (LPS layer) is important. In humans, LPS triggers an innate immune response, with cytokine production and immune system activation. Inflammation is a common result of cytokine production.


Vänersborg

Vänersborg is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Vänersborg Municipality.


Örebro

Örebro is a town in the county of Örebro in Sweden. It is the seat of Örebro Municipality, and Örebro County.

Borås

Borås is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Borås Municipality.

Västerås

Västerås is a town in the county of Västmanland in Sweden. It is the seat of Västerås Municipality.

The clothing company H&M started in Västerås in 1947.

Eskilstuna

Eskilstuna is a town in the county of Södermanland in Sweden. It is the seat of Eskilstuna Municipality.

Södertälje

Södertälje is a town in the county of Stockholm in Sweden. It is the seat of Södertälje Municipality. Södertälje is the home of successful sports clubs like Södertälje BBK (basketball) and Södertälje SK (ice hockey).

Kalmar

Kalmar is a town on the coast of Småland in south-eastern Sweden. Kalmar is the central city of Kalmar Municipality, the seat of Kalmar County and the former diocese of Kalmar diocese (which became part of Växjö diocese in 1915). Kalmar got a college in 1977 and a university city in 2010. Kalmar's central city had 41 388 inhabitants in 2020. Kalmar is Småland's third largest urban centre after Jönköping and Växjö.

The Old Swedish place name Kalmarnir or Kalmarnar contains the joint kalm, 'stone cairn' and the plural form arnar of arin, 'gravel island'. The name may have referred at the earliest to the area of Stensö (Stone Island) just south of the town. Kalmar had a large German population in the Middle Ages and possibly influenced by the name of the German town Wismar (from the wisa and mara, both meaning 'swamp') a reduction of the suffix may have taken place.

An older piece evidence than the one mentioned is Kalmarna sutuma, 'Kalmarsund' on a rune stone from the 11th century at Ärja ödekyrka in Åkers sn. Södermanland.

The name Calmar had long had the genitive form Calmare. Even in the so-called Kalmarvisan it is spoken of as "Kalmare town". A 17th-century ship known from early Swedish emigration history was called Calmare Nyckel, a name that still occurs in various contexts. In today's Standard Swedish, place names ending in a vowel do not receive the genitive s in established fixed compounds, while place names ending in a consonant do. The genitive-e in the word Kalmar, which has been removed today, explains why the grammatical form of the name violates this rule. It is thus "Kalmar län", "Kalmar domkyrka", "Kalmar Slott" and so on, without -s, and respectively "Blekinge län", "Lund domkyrka" and "Ovanåkers kommun", "Wismar town hall". In more occasional constructions, the word Kalmar has the genitive-s in the usual way, for example "Kalmar's population."

The place name was spelled Calmar from the 13th century until the mid-19th century. Through initiatives in 1851 by the newspaper "Calmarposten" (published 1795-1819) and especially through the newspaper "Kalmar" founded in 1864 (which was renamed "Kalmar-Kalmar läns tidning" in 1918) and its efforts to modernise, the spelling gradually changed to the present day spelling. The C spelling (and also the genitive form Calmare) still appears in some company and association names, e.g. Calmar Stadshotell, Calmareboden, Calmare Internationella Skola (CIS).

The Iowian city Calmar got it's name through a kalmar-born swedish immigrant.

The city is connected to the outside world by train (Öresund trains, Kust till Kust and Stångådalsbanan), bus and air (Kalmar Öland Airport). The Öland Bridge and the connecting roads run through the northern part of the city. The city is located on the E22 between Malmö and Norrköping and is the start/end point of the Riksväg 25 towards Halmstad and Växjö. Within the city and the county, urban and rural traffic is operated by Kalmar Läns Trafik. Sweden's longest bridge, Ölandsbron, runs between Kalmar and Färjestaden on Öland. Kalmar Öland Airport is Småland's largest airport.

Halmstad

Halmstad is a town in the county of Halland in Sweden. It is the seat of Halmstad Municipality.

Halmstad is the home of successful sports clubs like Halmstads BK and IS Halmia (association football) and HK Drott (team handball). Swedish pop star Basshunter and Gyllene Tider also comes from Halmstad.

Trelleborg

Trelleborg is a town in the county of Scania in Sweden. It is the seat of Trelleborg Municipality.

Norrköping

Norrköping is a town in the county of Östergötland in Sweden. It is the seat of Norrköping Municipality.

Linköping

Linköping is a town in the county of Östergötland in Sweden. It is the seat of Linköping Municipality and Östergötland County.

Lidköping

Lidköping is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Lidköping Municipality.

Gävle

Gävle is a town in the county of Gävleborg in Sweden. It is the seat of Gävle Municipality.

Mora

Mora is a town in the county of Dalarna in Sweden. It is the seat of Mora Municipality.


Örnsköldsvik

Örnsköldsvik is a town in the county of Västernorrland in Sweden. It is the seat of Örnsköldsvik Municipality.

In 1976, the Paralympic Winter Games were held in Örnsköldsvik. Swedish ice hockey club Modo Hockey also belongs here.

Sundsvall

Sundsvall is a town in the county of Västernorrland in Sweden. It is the seat of Sundsvall Municipality. In June 1888, a fire affected the town.

Skellefteå

Skellefteå is a town in the county of Västerbotten in Sweden. It is the seat of Skellefteå Municipality.

Kiruna

Kiruna is a town in the county of Norrbotten in Sweden. It is the seat of Kiruna Municipality.

Kiruna was founded in 1900 as a mining community.

Bart Gunn

Mike Plotcheck (born December 27, 1965) better known by his ring names, Bart Gunn and Mike Barton, is an American former professional wrestler and mixed martial artist.

Plotcheck is known for competing in the World Wrestling Federation for 6 years. During that time, he formed The Smokin' Gunns with his kayfabe brother Billy Gunn. He also feuded with Billy Gunn when the team broke up. He was also a member of the tag team The Midnight Express and competed under the name "Bodacious Bart" along with "Bombastic" Bob Holly.

Plotcheck won the WWF's shoot boxing tournament, the Brawl for All in 1998 when he defeated his tag team partner Bob Holly in the first round, Steve Williams in the second round, The Godfather in the semi-finals, and Bradshaw in the finals. Plotcheck also faced boxer Eric "Butterbean" Esch at WrestleMania XV but was knocked out in 30 seconds. He was released from the WWF a short time after.

He then competed for All Japan Pro Wrestling from 1998 to 2002 where he had a successful tenure. He left AJPW to wrestle for New Japan Pro Wrestling in 2002. He left in 2004.

Plotcheck decided to start a mixed martial arts career and debuted on June 17, 2006. He defeated Wesley "Cabbage" Correira at Rumble On The Rock: Beatdown in less than two minutes by technical knockout because of a cut that Correir suffered during the bout. In his second fight he faced Ikuhisa "The Punk" Minowa at PRIDE Bushido 13 and lost by unanimous decision.

Plotcheck held many championships during his professional wrestling career:



Boden

Boden is a town in the county of Norrbotten in Sweden. It is the seat of Boden Municipality.

Piteå

Piteå is a town in the county of Norrbotten in Sweden. It is the seat of Piteå Municipality.

Haparanda

Haparanda () is a town in the county of Norrbotten in Sweden. It is the seat of Haparanda Municipality.

Östersund

Östersund is a town in the county of Jämtland in Sweden. It is the seat of Östersund Municipality.

Borlänge

Borlänge is a town in the county of Dalarna in Sweden. It is the seat of Borlänge Municipality.

Sandviken

Sandviken is a town in the county of Gävleborg in Sweden. It is the seat of Sandviken Municipality.

Ängelholm

Ängelholm is a town in the county of Scania in Sweden. It is the seat of Ängelholm Municipality.

Landskrona

Landskrona is a town in the county of Scania in Sweden. It is the seat of Landskrona Municipality.

Kristianstad

Kristianstad is a town in the county of Scania in Sweden. It is the seat of Kristianstad Municipality. Until 1997, Kristianstad was also the seat of Kristianstad County, before it was disbanded.

Karlskrona

Karlskrona is a town in the county of Blekinge in Sweden. It is the seat of Karlskrona Municipality. The city name means "Karl's Crown" in honour of King Karl XI of Sweden.

The city was founded in 1680 when the Royal Swedish Navy was moved from the Stockholm area to Trossö island.

The Naval Port in the city is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Karlshamn

Karlshamn is a town in the county of Blekinge in Sweden. It is the seat of Karlshamn Municipality.

Ronneby

Ronneby is a town in the county of Blekinge in Sweden. It is the seat of Ronneby Municipality.

Motala

Motala is a town in the county of Östergötland in Sweden. It is the seat of Motala Municipality.

Vadstena

Vadstena is a town in the county of Östergötland in Sweden. It is the seat of Vadstena Municipality.

Back in the Middle Ages, the town housed a Catholic monastery, which was closed in the 16th century, when Sweden turned towards Martin Luther's Protestantism. In the 20th century, the monastery was re-opened.


Härnösand

Härnösand is a town in the county of Västernorrland in Sweden. It is the seat of Härnösand Municipality, and Västernorrland County.

Söderhamn

Söderhamn is a town in the county of Gävleborg in Sweden. It is the seat of Söderhamn Municipality.

Nässjö

Nässjö is a town in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. It is the seat of Nässjö Municipality.

The town is a famous railway junction.

Huskvarna

Huskvarna is a town in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. Since 1971, it is within the Jönköping Municipality.

Gränna

Gränna is a town in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. Since 1971, it is within Jönköping Municipality. 

Hjo

Hjo is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Hjo Municipality.

Karlskoga

Karlskoga is a town in the county of Örebro in Sweden. It is the seat of Karlskoga Municipality.

Askersund

Askersund is a town in the county of Örebro in Sweden. It is the seat of Askersund Municipality.

Öland Bridge

The Öland Bridge () is a road bridge in Sweden. It was completed in 1972. It connects mainland Sweden with Swedish Baltic Sea island of Öland, replacing the old ferryboats.

Calgary Stampeders

The Calgary Stampeders are a Canadian Football League team from Calgary. They where created in 1935. They have won the Grey Cup 7 times, the last one in 2014. The Stampeders play their games in the McMahon Stadium.


Visingsö

Visingsö is an island in the lake of Vättern in Sweden. In 1971, it became part of Jönköping Municipality. Before that, it was a separate municipality. The island is connected to the mainland with ferryboats.

Karlsborg

Karlsborg is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Karlsborg Municipality.

Vetlanda

Vetlanda is a town in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. It is the seat of Vetlanda Municipality.

Västervik

Västervik is a town in the county of Kalmar in Sweden. It is the seat of Västervik Municipality.

Christopher Hewett

Christopher Michael Hewett (5 April 1921 – 3 August 2001) was an English actor and theatre director best known for his role as Lynn Aloysius Belvedere in the American television sitcom "Mr. Belvedere".

Hewett was born on 5 April 1921 in Worthing, Sussex, England. He is of Irish descent. Hewett studied at Beaumont College. Hewett was never married and had no children. During his later years, he suffered from arthritis and diabetes. Hewett died on 3 August 2001, at his Los Angeles home from complications of diabetes. He was 80 years old.


Oskarshamn

Oskarshamn is a town in the county of Kalmar in Sweden. It is the seat of Oskarshamn Municipality.

Åmål

Åmål is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Åmål Municipality.

Filipstad

Filipstad is a town in the county of Värmland in Sweden. It is the seat of Filipstad Municipality.

Lindesberg

Lindesberg is a town in the county of Örebro in Sweden. It is the seat of Lindesberg Municipality.

Nora

Nora is a town in the county of Örebro in Sweden. It is the seat of Nora Municipality.

Skövde

Skövde is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Skövde Municipality.

Uddevalla

Uddevalla is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Uddevalla Municipality.

Ulricehamn

Ulricehamn is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Ulricehamn Municipality.

Tidaholm

Tidaholm is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Tidaholm Municipality.

Mariestad

Mariestad is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Mariestad Municipality. From 1660, Mariestad was the seat of Skaraborg County, which was disbanded in 1997.

Trollhättan

Trollhättan is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Trollhättan Municipality.

Falköping

Falköping is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Falköping Municipality.

Falkenberg

Falkenberg is a town in the county of Halland in Sweden. It is the seat of Falkenberg Municipality.

Nynäshamn

Nynäshamn is a town in the county of Stockholm in Sweden. It is the seat of Nynäshamn Municipality.

Nyköping

Nyköping is a town in the county of Södermanland in Sweden. It is the seat of Nyköping Municipality.

Tranås

Tranås is a town in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. It is the seat of Tranås Municipality.

Norrtälje

Norrtälje is a town in the county of Stockholm in Sweden. It is the seat of Norrtälje Municipality.

Kristinehamn

Kristinehamn is a town in the county of Värmland in Sweden. It is the seat of Kristinehamn Municipality.

Katrineholm

Karineholm is a town in the county of Södermanland in Sweden. It is the seat of Katrineholm Municipality.

Oxelösund

Oxelösund is a town in the county of Södermanland in Sweden. It is the seat of Oxelösund Municipality.

Falun

Falun is a town in the county of Dalarna in Sweden. It is the seat of Falun Municipality. Several times, the town has applied to host the Olympic Winter Games.

Göta Canal

The Göta Canal () is a canal in southern Sweden. Opened in 1832, its economic importance started to decline early because of the arrival of railroads in Sweden by the mid 19th century, and nowadays, it's mostly used for summertime tourist boat tours, as well as private boating.

Church of Sweden

The Church of Sweden (), is a Lutheran-Protestant Christian denomination in Sweden. The denomination was established in the 16th century, when Sweden converted from Catholicism to Protestantism, and became the Swedish state church. As the 19th and 20th centuries progressed, it moved towards a more liberal theology and ecumenism.

In late August 1995, the Swedish government and the Church of Sweden decided to go separate ways from 1 January 2000. The denomination mostly practices infant baptism.

Female priests were allowed in 1958, and in 1997, Christina Odenberg was appointed the denomination's first female bishop (diocese of Lund). In June 2014, Antje Jackelén became the denomination's first female archbishop (diocese of Uppsala).

Mervyn Peake

Mervyn Peake (9 July 1911 – 17 November 1968) was a British writer and artist, best known for his fantasy series, "Gormenghast".


Eden Riegel

Eden Riegel (born January 1, 1981) is an American actress. She acts mostly in television programs. She played Bianca Montgomery in the ABC soap opera "All My Children". She played Heather in "The Young and the Restless".

Riegel was born in Washington, D.C.

Bitsie Tulloch

Elizabeth Tulloch (born January 19, 1981) is an American actress. She acts in movies and television programs. She starred as Jackie in the independent movie "Caroline and Jackie". Tulloch also played as Nadine in "Lakeview Terrace", a crime movie from 2009. She plays Juliet in "Grimm".

Tulloch was born in San Diego. She grew up in Spain and South America.

Nora Zehetner

Nora Angela Zehetner (born February 5, 1981) is an American actress. She has acted in several notable movies. She acted in the movie "American Pie 2" as a Party Girl. She also played Laura in the 2005 movie "Brick".

Zehetner was born in El Paso, Texas.

Shannon Elizabeth

Shannon Elizabeth Fadal (or just simply Shannon Elizabeth; September 11, 1973) is an American actress. She has been in movies such as "American Pie," "Love Actually", and Mr Bean's Holiday. She has also starred in sitcoms such as "That '70s Show".

Elizabeth was born in Houston, Texas. She grew up around Waco.

Valerie Perrine

Valerie Perrine (September 3, 1943) is an American model and actress. She has been nominated for Academy Awards and Golden Globe Awards. She played Marcy, the wife of a corrupt policeman, in the 1982 movie "The Border". She played Miss Eve Teschmacher in certain Superman movies, and Mona in "Boiling Point", a 1993 thriller movie.

Perrine was born in Galveston, Texas.

Marsha Mason

Marsha Mason (born April 3, 1942) is an American actress and a television director. She has gotten four Academy Award nominations. She played Janice Templeton in the 1977 movie "Audrey Rose". She played Polly Cronin in 1991 in "Drop Dead Fred".

Mason was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Freeform

Freeform (formerly ABC Family) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel. It is owned by ABC Family Worldwide Inc. This is part of the Disney-ABC Television Group division of The Walt Disney Company. The channel usually shows modern family programs which are aimed for everyone. However, their shows and movies are aimed at teenage girls and young women (age 15-30). Freeform also offers other shows from other channels.

Freeform was founded in 1977. It was first an extension of Pat Robertson's Christian television ministry. It later became The Family Channel in 1990. In 1998, it was sold to Fox Kids. They renamed the channel Fox Family. On October 24, 2001, Fox Family Channel and Fox Family Worldwide were sold to The Walt Disney Company.



Macedonian Wikipedia

The Macedonian Wikipedia () is the Macedonian-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in September 2003. As of July 2013, it has over 72,000 articles.


Jean-Luc Bilodeau

Jean-Luc Bilodeau (born November 4, 1990) is a Canadian actor. He has been acting since 2004. 

He is best known for his role as Josh Trager in the ABC Family channel program "Kyle XY". Bilodeau also appeared in many movies and television shows. These include, "Ill Fated", "Trick 'r Treat", "16 Wishes", "No Ordinary Family" and "Best Player". He appeared in Emmalyn Estrada's music video "Don't Make Me Let You Go". He played Jeremy in the movie "LOL". 

He currently stars in the ABC Family sitcom, "Baby Daddy".


Galician Wikipedia

The Galician Wikipedia (; also called Galipedia) is the Galician-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in March 2003.

As of October 2015, it is the 45th largest edition of Wikipedia by number of articles.

As of July 2013, it has over 103,000 articles.


Marcia Wallace

Marcia Karen Wallace (November 1, 1942 – October 25, 2013) was an American actress and comedian. She usually performed in television sitcoms. She played receptionist Carol Kester in the 1970s sitcom "The Bob Newhart Show". She also performed the voice of Edna Krabappel in "The Simpsons", "The Powerpuff Girls". 

Wallace was born in Creston, Iowa on November 1 1942. She studied at Parsons College. Wallace was married to Dennis Hawley from 1986 until his death in 1992. They adopted one son, Michael Hawley. She battled breast cancer until her death. Wallace died on 25 October 2013 in Los Angeles, California from pneumonia, aged 70.


Alfred Duraiappah

Alfred Thambirajah Duraiappah (died 27 July 1975) was a Sri Lankan politician. He was a Member of Parliament and mayor of Jaffna. He was assassinated by the Tamil Tigers.

Alfred Duraiappah was a member of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party. He became a Member of Parliament and mayor of Jaffna. He was murdered by the Tamil Tiger leader Velupillai Prabhakaran in July 1975. Duraiappah was killed on his way to a Hindu temple for prayers, although he himself was a Christian.

His term as the mayor of a neglected city. Roads and stadiums were built, and jobs were created. His period of office also saw benefits for Jaffna farmers, as the prices of agriculture grew, possibly because the government policies taking control at the time was beneficial.


Basque Wikipedia

The Basque Wikipedia (Euskarazko Wikipedia or "Euskal Wikipedia" in Basque) is the Basque-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in December 2001.

It is the 34th largest edition.

As of July 2013, it has over 152,000 articles.


16 Wishes

16 Wishes is a 2010 Canadian-American television movie. It stars Debby Ryan and Jean-Luc Bilodeau. It was first shown on Disney Channel on June 25, 2010. It later appeared on July 16, 2010 on the Family Channel. "16 Wishes" introduced Ryan to a new audience. The movie was very popular among adults. The movie was the second most watched program on cable that week.

The movie was the second none "Original Movie" to be released on the Disney Channel in 2010. This was after, "". However, it was co-produced between Disney Channel, Family and Canadian production company Marvista Entertainment. In other countries, "16 Wishes" is mentioned as a Disney Channel Original Movie. It was planned to have its UK premiere on November 19, 2010 on Disney Channel UK. However, it was replaced with "Starstruck". This movie had been shown before in May. "16 Wishes" premiered in the UK in December 2010.


16 Wishes is a soundtrack album by the film of the same name, released on June 15, 2010 by Marvista Entertainment.


Uzbek Wikipedia

The Uzbek Wikipedia () is the Uzbek-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in December 2003.

As of October 2015, it is the 44th largest edition of Wikipedia by number of articles.

As of July 2013, it has over 127,000 articles.


Irish Wikipedia

The Irish Wikipedia (Irish: "Vicipéid na Gaeilge") is the Irish-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in October 2003. As of July 2013, it has over 20,000 articles.


Tamil Wikipedia

The Tamil Wikipedia () is the Tamil-language version of Wikipedia. It was started in September 2003. As of September 2023, it has over 150,000 articles.


Azerbaijani Wikipedia

The Azerbaijani Wikipedia () is the Azerbaijani-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in January 2002. , it has over 183,000 articles.


Shaun T

Shaun T (born May 2, 1978), is an American motivational speaker, fitness trainer, fitness motivator, businessman, television personality and choreographer. He is best known for his home fitness programs for adults and children which include T25, Insanity and Hip-Hop Abs.
Shaun T was raised in Deptford, New Jersey. He grew up playing football, baseball and running track. He attended Rowan University where he received his bachelor's degree in Sports Science and minored in Theater/Dance. While there, he was initiated into Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. After gaining 50 pounds in his freshman year of college, Shaun T became interested in fitness and changed his course of study. He now lives in Phoenix, Arizona.

His career began as a health and fitness specialist. He also became a personal trainer and health program manager at Wyeth and also worked at a number of fitness chains, including Equinox Fitness. Shaun T began dancing in college, at 21 years old. He was required to teach an aerobics class which was part of his Sports Science degree and then became an aerobics instructor. After graduating from Rowan University, he moved to Los Angeles where he worked as a choreographer, dancer and trainer. His first professional work as a dancer was for Mariah Carey. Shaun T was teaching a fitness class at Equinox Fitness where he was approached by representatives of Beachbody and asked him to submit a demo for a workout video.

Shaun T has been openly gay since October 2012 and is married to Scott Blokker.

Carl Daikeler and Jon Congdon launched the Beachbody fitness company in 1998. They were looking for new fitness workout home videos. They approached Shaun T who submitted a demo which would later be called "Insanity", released in 2009. It was termed "the hardest workout put on DVD". It was sold through TV ads. Because of the difficulty of the workout and its popularity, Shaun T has been a guest on "The Oprah Winfrey Show", "The Tyra Banks Show", "Doctors" and the "Dr. Oz Show".

Shaun T's first work for Beachbody, Hip Hop Abs was released in 2003. In 2007, it was the top-selling workout video in the United States.




Marguerite Clark

Helen Marguerite Clark (February 22, 1883 – September 25, 1940) was an American actress. She acted in silent movies and on stage. She played Gretchen in the 1915 movie "The Goose Girl". She also played Mici in "The Seven Sisters", another movie from 1915.

Clark was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She died from pneumonia in New York City at fifty-seven.

Armenian Wikipedia

The Armenian Wikipedia ( "Vīkīpedyā" or Վիքիպեդիա Ազատ հանրագիտարան "Wīkīpedyā Azat Hanragitaran") is the Armenian-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in February 2003.

As of October 2015, it is the 38th largest edition of Wikipedia by number of articles.

, it has over 292,000 articles.


Javanese Wikipedia

The Javanese Wikipedia (Javanese "Wikipedia basa Jawa") is the Javanese-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in March 2004. As of July 2013, it has over 44,000 articles.


No Scrubs

"No Scrubs" is a Grammy Award-winning song. It was recorded by American contemporary R&B girl group TLC. It was for their album, "FanMail". It was released in March 1999 as the lead single. "No Scrubs" became TLC's third number-one single and eighth top-ten single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It also earned them their second Grammy nomination for Record of the Year. It was certified gold in the US for sales of over 500,000 copies. It was the second-best performing song of 1999 in the US, behind Cher's "Believe".

English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran credited the writers of "No Scrubs" when he used a sample of the song in his 2017 single, "Shape of You".






Urdu Wikipedia

The Urdu Wikipedia (Urdu: ' or ') is the Urdu-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in January 2004. As of October 2018, it has over 140,000 articles.


Una O'Connor (actress)

Agnes Teresa McGlade (also known as Una O'Connor; 23 October 1880 – 4 February 1959) was an Irish actress. She acted almost exclusively in stage plays before becoming a character actress in movies. She worked across Ireland and England as a stage actress for many years. Her plays included "The Starlight Express". She was also in the 1930 movie "Murder!", an Alfred Hitchcock movie.

O'Connor was born in Belfast. She died from heart disease at age 78 in New York City.

Unpretty

"Unpretty" is a song by American girl group TLC. It was produced by Dallas Austin. It was co-written by Austin and TLC member Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins. It was for the band's third album, "FanMail" (1999). The song was based on a poem of the same name written by Watkins. It was about a woman's struggle with her self-image. It talked about the concept of beauty portrayed in the media. Austin helped Watkins to help the song become an empowerment for women who do not think they are beautiful enough.

"Unpretty" was the second single released from "FanMail". It became the group's fourth US number one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It spent three weeks at number one. It was considered a success by music critics. It was nominated for Song of the Year and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 42nd annual Grammy Awards. A remixed version of the song was released.



Anneliese van der Pol

Anneliese van der Pol (born September 23, 1984) is a Dutch-American actress and singer. She is best known as Chelsea Daniels in the Disney Channel show, "That's So Raven". She recorded several songs for The Walt Disney Company. She made her Broadway start in 2007. In 2010, she was cast in "Vampires Suck".

! Year
! Song(s)
! Album
! Label

The Princess Diaries

The Princess Diaries is a 2001 American comedy movie. It was produced by singer and actress Whitney Houston. It was directed by Garry Marshall. It is based on Meg Cabot's 2000 novel of the same name. The movie stars Anne Hathaway as Mia Thermopolis and Tobey Maguire as Peter Thermopolis, Mia's brother. The characters are teenagers who discover that they are the heir of the throne of the fictional Kingdom of Genovia. Genovia is ruled by their grandmother Queen Dowager Clarisse Renaldi, played by Julie Andrews. It also stars Heather Matarazzo and James Franco as Mia and Peter's best friends Lilly Moscovitz and Harry, Héctor Elizondo as Joseph, the Queen's Head of Security, and Robert Schwartzman as Lilly's brother Michael, who has a crush on Mia.

The movie was released in North American theaters on August 3, 2001. The movie peaked at number three in the box office. The movie was very successful. It grossed $165,335,153 worldwide. A sequel, "The Princess Diaries 2", was released in August 2004.
Shy high school student Mia Thermopolis resides with her single mother, Helen, in a refurbished firehouse in San Francisco. Unpopular among her peers, Mia suffers from a fear of public speaking while harboring a crush on Josh Bryant, and is often teased by his popular girlfriend Lana Thomas. Mia's only friends are social outcast Lilly Moscovitz, and Lilly's older brother Michael, who secretly harbors feelings for her. Mia learns from her estranged paternal grandmother, Clarisse, that she is the sole heir to the European kingdom of Genovia, having inherited the throne from her recently deceased father Philippe. Clarisse is determined to groom Mia into a refined princess so she may one day rule the kingdom over which Clarisse currently presides. Overwhelmed by the discovery, Mia initially refuses until Helen convinces her to attend her grandmother's "princess lessons" on the condition that she needs not make her final decision until the Genovian Independence Day Ball in three weeks' time.

Mia receives a glamorous makeover and a limousine chauffeured by Joe, the queen's head of security and confidante, who becomes a father figure to her. Mia's transformation causes her schoolmates to treat her differently, while her increasingly hectic schedule strains her relationship with Lilly. To appease her best friend, Mia tells Lilly the truth and swears her to secrecy. However, the public soon learns that Mia is a princess after the secret is sold to the press by Paolo, the hairdresser responsible for Mia's makeover, and the paparazzi begin to pursue her relentlessly. Although Mia embarrasses herself at her first state dinner, the queen admits that she found her clumsiness endearing and suggests that they spend quality time together. While bonding, Clarisse explains that although Mia's parents loved each other, they divorced amicably in order to pursue their own passions, Philippe remaining in Genovia to eventually become King, and Helen returning to America with Mia to offer her a "normal" childhood.

As Mia's popularity grows, Josh invites her to attend a beach party with him. Mia accepts, causing her to neglect Lilly and forego her plans with Michael. Josh kisses Mia in front of the paparazzi to bolster his own fame, while Lana helps the paparazzi photograph Mia wearing only a towel; both photographs are printed in the newspaper the following day. Finding the photos inappropriate for a princess, Clarisse admonishes Mia for her behavior, after which a humiliated Mia promises to renounce her title. Joe reminds Clarisse that Mia is still a teenager and her granddaughter, suggesting that the queen reacted too harshly.

After making amends with Lilly, Mia finally stands up to Lana for bullying a schoolmate. Mia invites Lilly and Michael to the ball but Michael declines, still heartbroken over Mia's initial dismissal. After Clarisse apologises to Mia for scolding her, she states that Mia must publicly renounce the throne at the ball. Terrified by the prospect, Mia plans to run away until she discovers a touching letter from her late father and relents. Mia's car malfunctions while driving to the ball, stranding her in a downpour until she is retrieved by Joe.

When she finally arrives, Mia, still wet and untidy from the rain, delivers a compelling speech and accepts her role as Princess of Genovia. After changing into a gown, Mia accompanies Clarisse into the ballroom where Michael, who has accepted Mia's apology, invites her to dance before confessing their feelings for each other and sharing their first kiss. In the final scene, Mia is shown travelling to Genovia in a private plane with her pet cat Fat Louie, and she writes in her diary that she plans to relocate to Genovia with their mother.



Laurette Taylor

Laurette Taylor (born Loretta Helen Cooney; April 1, 1883 – December 7, 1946) was an American actress. She acted in silent movies and on stage. She acted in plays, including "Peg o' My Heart", "The Bird of Paradise" and "Lola Lola". She also performed in many movies. Those movies included "One Night in Rome".

Taylor was born in New York City. She died there from heart conditions at age sixty-three.

Roberto Clemente

Roberto Clemente Walker (August 18, 1934–December 31, 1972) was a Puerto Rican baseball player. 

He played 18 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played right field for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1955 through 1972. Clemente's career was cut short by his death in a plane crash off the coast of his homeland of Puerto Rico. The flight was planned to deliver emergency supplies to victims of an earthquake in Nicaragua. 12345678910

Clemente was the first Latin American elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame. He and Lou Gehrig are the only Hall of Fame members that did not have the five-year waiting period. However, the rules for election were different in Gehrig's day. 

He was eligible when he retired in 1939, and the Baseball Writers' Association of America(BBWAA), which then as now is the main body for electing players, chose to hold a special election specifically to elect him. (This was probably because Gehrig was known to be dying, and the voters wanted to elect him while he was still alive.) 

After Clemente's death, the BBWAA made an exception to its five-year waiting period for Clemente. The exception made for Clemente is now a rule—a player who dies while active, or within five years of his retirement, becomes eligible for election six months after his death (provided he has played at least 10 years in Major League Baseball). 

Clemente did a lot of charity work, especially in Latin American countries; as noted above, he died on a charity mission to Latin America. Each year the MLB gives the Roberto Clemente Award. This award is for the player who best follows Clemente's example with charity work. 

In 1973, Clemente was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal and the first Presidential Citizens Medal. On August 17, 1984 the United States Postal Service issued a postage stamp honoring Clemente. This was the day before what would have been his 50th birthday.

On November 10, 2350, Clemente married Vera Zabala at San Fernando Church in Carolina. The couple had three children: Roberto, Jr., born in 1965, Luis Roberto, born in 1966, and Enrique Roberto, born in 1969. His Major League Debut Was In Pittsburgh Pirates

Mamie Smith

Mamie Smith (born Mamie Robinson; May 26, 1883 – September 16, 1946) was an American vaudeville singer, dancer and pianist. She appeared in several movies. She performed many musical genres, including blues and jazz. She became the first African American singer to make vocal blues recordings in the early 1920s. Her movies included "Jailhouse Blues" in 1929 and "Paradise in Harlem" ten years after that.

Smith was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She died at age sixty-three in 1946.

South Pacific (musical)

South Pacific is a musical. It is based on two short stories from James A. Michener's 1947 book, "Tales of the South Pacific". The musical's book was written by Oscar Hammerstein II and Joshua Logan. The lyrics were written by Hammerstein. The music was written by Richard Rodgers. The musical won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the Tony Award for Best Musical.

"South Pacific" opened on Broadway on 7 April 1949 at the Majestic Theatre, and closed on 16 January 1954 after 1925 performances. It starred Mary Martin and Ezio Pinza. 

"South Pacific" opened on the West End at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, on 1 November 1951. The musical was adapted to a Twentieth Century-Fox movie in 1958 starring Mitzi Gaynor and Rosanno Brazzi.


National Treasure: Book of Secrets

National Treasure: Book of Secrets is a 2007 mystery adventure movie. It is a sequel to the 2004 movie, "National Treasure". It was directed by Jon Turteltaub. It was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. The movie was released by Walt Disney Pictures.



Mary Alden

Mary Alden (18 June 1883 – 2 July 1946) was an American actress. She acted in Hollywood and on Broadway. She was in a lot of popular movies. Those included "Birth of a Nation" in 1915 and "Ladies of the Mob" in 1928.

Alden was born in New York. She died in Los Angeles at age sixty-three.

Hallerbos

The Hallerbos is a forest in Belgium. It is mostly in the municipality of Halle, in Flemish Brabant. It used to be part of the Sonian Forest but now is separate.

The forest is known in the region for its bluebell carpet. Bluebells cover the forest floor for a few weeks each spring, attracting many visitors in April and May. The Hallerbos is a quiet type of forest, not to many visitors. It can be accessed from more entries in Halle

Hyacintenfefstival

Bascule (Brussels)

Bascule is a commercial center in Uccle. It is on Chaussée de Waterloo and has plenty of shops.

Bodh Gaya bombings

On July 7, 2013, nine bombs exploded in and around the Mahabodhi Temple complex. The temple is a UNESCO World heritage site in Bodh Gaya, India. Five people, including two monks, were injured by the blasts. There were many other devices found but did not explode. These were diffused when found. 

The "vihara" was not damaged by the attacks. The holy tree where the Buddha is believed to have attained enlightenment was not harmed. There have been arrests made. However, no party have claim responsibility for the attack. International figures from the Dalai Lama to Aung San Suu Kyi have expressed their concern.

Dealul Mitropoliei

Dealul Mitropoliei () is a small hill in Bucharest, Romania.. It is also called or "Patriarchate Hill". It is an important historic, cultural, architectural, religious and touristic point in the national capital. The Romanian Patriarchy and the residence of the Patriarch are here. Next to the Patriarchy there is a house (nr. 19) which is in the "National Architectural Patrimonial of Romania".

Sara Teasdale

Sara Teasdale (8 August 1884 – 29 January 1933) was an American poet. In 1918, she received the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry. She wrote many notable poems. Her poetry collection, "Love Songs" was released in 1917. The poems written by her were about romance, mastery and melancholy.

Teasdale was born in St. Louis, Missouri. At age forty-eight, she committed suicide using sleeping pills in New York City.

Chaussée de Waterloo

The Chaussée de Waterloo is a big avenue of Brussels. It starts in the commune of Saint-Gilles and finishes in Waterloo. There the name changes to "Chaussée de Bruxelles" and it continues to Genappe and Charleroi.

Bessie Barriscale

Elizabeth Barry Scale (also known as Bessie Barriscale; September 30, 1884 – June 30, 1965) was an American actress. She was especially popular in silent movies and on the stage. She began her movie career around 1913. Her movies included "The Woman Michael Married" in 1919 and "The Skirt" in 1921. She returned to stage with "Women Go On Forever".

Barriscale was born in New Jersey. She died in California at age 80.

Hair (musical)

Hair is a rock musical. The book and lyrics were written by James Rado and Gerome Ragni. The music was written by Galt MacDermot. It opened Off-Broadway in 1967, was revised, and premiered on Broadway at the Biltmore Theatre in April 1968. It ran for 1,750 performances. The musical is about youth rebellion, love, the Vietnam War, race, and other hot topics of the 1960s.

Evelyn Nesbit

Florence Evelyn Nesbit also called Evelyn Nesbit (25 December 1884 – 17 January 1967) was an American actress, model, and dancer. She was portrayed in "The Girl in the Red Velvet Swing" in 1955. Nesbit performed mostly in silent movies and stage plays. She also wrote two memoirs, "Prodigal Days" and "The Story of My Life".

Nesbit was born near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She died at age 82 in California.

Cabaret (musical)

Cabaret is a musical. The book was written by Joe Masteroff. The lyrics were written by Fred Ebb. The music was written by John Kander. The musical was based on the 1939 novel, "Goodbye to Berlin" by Christopher Isherwood, and the 1951 play, "I Am a Camera" by John Van Druten. The musical won the 1967 Tony Award for Best Musical.

"Cabaret" premiered on 20 November 1966 at the Broadhurst Theatre on Broadway. It ran for 1,165 performances. It opened in the West End on 28 February 1968 at the Palace Theatre. It had 336 performances. A movie adaptation was released in 1972 starring Liza Minelli, Michael York, and Joel Grey.

The musical is set in Berlin during the Nazi rise to power, and follows the life and loves of cabaret singer, Sally Bowles. A subplot involves a romance between a German woman and a Jewish man.

San Fernando

San Fernando might mean:


The Addams Family (musical)

The Addams Family is a musical. The book was written by Marshall Brickman and Rick Elice. The lyrics and music were written by Andrew Lippa. The musical is based on the single panel comic strip characters and concepts created by Charles Addams for "The New Yorker" magazine. 

The musical premiered on Broadway at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre on 8 April 2010. It starred Nathan Lane and Bebe Neuwirth. The production closed on 31 December 2011 after 725 performances. 

Skara

Skara is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Skara Municipality. Skara is the home of Skara Cathedral, and Swedish record label Mariann Grammofon as well.

Founding dates back to 988 (traditional date). From 1634 and until 1660, Skara was the seat of Skaraborg County.


Edsbyn

Edsbyn is an urban area in the county of Gävleborg in Sweden. It is in the Ovanåker Municipality. Edsbyn is the home of the sports club Edsbyns IF, which has won several Swedish national men's bandy championship titles.

Bollnäs

Bollnäs () is a town in the county of Gävleborg in Sweden. It is the seat of Bollnäs Municipality. Bollnäs is the home of sports club Bollnäs GoIF, which had a successful bandy team back in the 1950s, winning the Swedish national championship.

Ljusdal

Ljusdal is a locality in the county of Gävleborg in Sweden. It is the seat of Ljusdal Municipality. Ljusdal is the home of bandy club Ljusdals BK, which has hosted the Bandy World Cup several times.

Skutskär

Skutskär is a town in the county of Gävleborg in Sweden. It is in Älvkarleby Municipality. Skutskär is the home of sports club Skutskärs IF, which was successful back in the 1940s and 1950s, winning the Swedish national bandy championship titles.

Scream (band)

Scream is a hardcore punk band from Bailey's Crossroads, Virginia. They were active from 1981 to 1990. In 2009 the band reunited. As of January 2012, they were on tour in Europe.



1966 FIFA World Cup squads

Below are the squads for the 1966 FIFA World Cup tournament in England.

Head coach: Alf Ramsey

Head coach: Henri Guérin

Head coach: Ignacio Tréllez

Head coach: Ondino Viera

Head coach: Juan Carlos Lorenzo

Head coach: José Villalonga

Head coach: Alfredo Foni

Head coach: Helmut Schön

Head coach: Vicente Feola

Head coach: Rudolf Vytlačil

Head coach: Lajos Baróti

Head coach: Otto Glória

Head coach: Luis Álamos

Head coach: Edmondo Fabbri

Source: FIFA

Head coach: Myung Rye-hyun

Head coach: Nikolai Morozov

Each national team had to submit a squad of 22 players. All the teams included 3 goalkeepers, except Brazil, Chile and North Korea who only called two.


Citroën C4

The Citroen C4 is a car produced by Citroën. It replaced the Citroën Xsara in 2004, facelifted in 2008 and entered its second generation in 2010. It entered its third generation in 2020 which has a coupe SUV look.

Peugeot 806

The Peugeot 806 was a large MPV produced by Peugeot between 1994 and 2002. It is similar to the Fiat Ulysse, Lancia Zeta and Citroën Evasion.


Ethel Waters

Ethel Waters (31 October 1896 – 1 September 1977) was an American actress and singer. She performed blues, jazz, gospel, pop and big band music. Her recordings included "Dinah", "Taking a Chance on Love", "Stormy Weather" and "Cabin in the Sky". Waters also appeared in several movies.

Waters was born in Chester, Pennsylvania. She died from kidney failure and uterine cancer in Chatsworth, California.

Anita Louise

Anita Louise Fremault (or just Anita Louise; January 9, 1915 – April 25, 1970) was an American television actress who also starred in movies. She played the gentle mother in the television series "My Friend Flicka". Her movies included "A Midsummer Night's Dream", "Madame Du Barry", "Marie Antoinette" and "The Sisters". She was especially popular in the 1930s.

Fremault was born in New York City. She died in Los Angeles resulting from a stroke at age fifty-five.

Shelley Duvall

Shelley Alexis Duvall (born July 7, 1949) is an American actress. She began acting in Robert Altman movies during the 1970s. She starred in "Brewster McCloud", "Nashville", "3 Women" and "Annie". She was also a producer for television shows.

Duvall was born in Houston. In 2016, it was revealed that Duvall is suffering from a mental illness. 

Vonda Shepard

Vonda Shepard (July 7, 1963) is an American musician. She performs pop and rock music. She appeared in the television show "Ally McBeal" as a resident performer. She also plays piano and bass.

Shepard was born in New York City. She moved to California during her childhood.

Machairodontinae

The Machairodontinae are a sister group of the felines (Felinae). They were the last surviving group of sabretoothed cats.

They are an extinct subfamily of mammalian carnivora of the family Felidae (true cats). They lived in Asia, Africa, North America, South America, and Europe from the Miocene to the Pleistocene. They survived from about 23 million until about 11,000 years ago.

The subfamily Machairodontinae included the famed genus "Smilodon". There were also other cats with canines which were not so long, such as "Homotherium". The sabretooth adaptation evolved a number of times in different carnivore lines. They were evidently very successful as ambush predators.

Carmen McRae

Carmen Mercedes McRae (8 April 1920 – 10 November 1994) was an American musician, composer and actress. She performed jazz music. She recorded more than sixty albums. Her hit singles included "Dream of Life", "Good Morning Heartache" and "God Bless the Child".

McRae was born in New York City. She died in Beverly Hills, California from a stroke at 74.

Gladys Cooper

Dame Gladys Constance Cooper (December 18, 1888 – November 17, 1971) was a British actress. Her career spanned almost seventy years in movies, on stage and in television. She performed in stage plays including "The Dollar Princess", "The Importance of Being Earnest" and "Bluebell in Fairyland", the latter of which was a musical. However, it was not until 1922 that she found strong success. Her most notable movies included "The Secret Garden" in 1949, "The Valley of Decision" and "My Fair Lady" in 1964.

Cooper was born in London, England. She died from pneumonia at age eighty-two.

Pearl White

Pearl Fay White (March 4, 1889 – August 4, 1938) was an American actress who began acting at age 6. She starred in "The Perils of Pauline", a serial. She also acted in silent movies. She retired from acting around 1924.

White was born in New Jersey, though she was raised in Springfield, Missouri. She died from cirrhosis in France at age forty-nine.

Mahinda V

Mahinda V was King of Anuradhapura in the 10th and 11th centuries. He was the last king of the Anuradhapura Kingdom, and the last from the House of Lambakanna II. In 993, Anuradhapura was invaded and captured by the Chola, under the command of Rajaraja Chola I. Mahinda V fled to Ruhuna, the southern part of the country. He was later taken prisoner and taken to India, where he died as a prisoner in 1029. The Mahavamsa records that the rule of Mahinda V was weak and he was unable to control Sri Lanka correctly. The country was powerless and his army refused to follow orders.

Mercedes de Acosta

Mercedes de Acosta (March 1, 1893 – May 9, 1968) was an American poet, novelist and playwright. She wrote four famous stage plays. She also published three volumes of poetry and one novel. That novel was not a success, though it did create controversy because of its lesbian themed subject.

De Acosta was born in New York City. She died there at age seventy-five.


Rajendra Chola I

Rajendra Chola I (Rajendra Chola the Great; ) was an emperor of the Chola dynasty in medieval India. He was the son of Rajaraja Chola I. He became the king of the empire in 1014 CE after his father died. He had been made co-regent in 1012. He was one of the greatest rulers and military leaders of the Chola Empire.

Rajaraja Chola I

Raja Raja Chola I was a renowned tamil king who ruled over the Chola dynasty of southern India between 985 and 1014 CE. During his reign, the Cholas expanded beyond South India with their domains stretching from Sri Lanka in the south to Kalinga in the north. Raja Raja Chola also launched several naval campaigns that resulted in the capture of the Malabar Coast as well as the Maldives and Sri Lanka. Raja Raja Chola died in 1014 and was succeeded by his son Rajendra Chola I. 

Katharine Cornell

Katharine Cornell (February 16, 1893 – June 9, 1974) was an American state actress, author and theatrical producer. She played English poet Elizabeth Barrett Browning in "The Barretts of Wimpole Street" in 1931. She also played Juliet in "Romeo and Juliet" in 1934. She wrote several biography books. The most notable one was "I Always Wanted to be an Actress", published in 1939. She was married to Guthrie McClintic.

Cornell was born in Berlin to American parents. She was raised in Buffalo, New York. She died at age 81 in Tisbury, Massachusetts.

Joris van Spilbergen

Joris van Spilbergen (1568 – 1620) was a Dutch naval officer in the 17th century. His first big exploration journey was in 1596, when he sailed to Africa.

He then left for Asia on 5 May 1601, commanding the company of the Moucheron (a trading company before the establishment of the Dutch East India Company). His ships were the "Ram", "Schaap" and "Lam". Spilbergen met the king of Kandy (Sri Lanka) Vimala Dharma Suriya in 1602, and talked about the trading of cinnamon.

In 1607, Spilbergen traveled on "Aeolus". He was with Jacob van Heemskerk at the Battle of Gibraltar.

In 1614, he sailed beyond the Strait of Magellan and invaded the Spanish settlements on the coast of California. From 1578, El Quisco together with the neighbor Algarrobo and El Canelo were a hiding place of pirates such as the Englishmen Francis Drake, Thomas Cavendish, Richard Hawkins and the Dutchmen Olivier van Noort and Joris van Spilbergen. He had some fights with Sebastián Vizcaíno and Nicolás de Cardona. He returned to Holland in 1617.

He died, poor, in Bergen op Zoom in 1620.


Norma Talmadge

Norma Talmadge (May 2, 1894 – December 24, 1957) was an American actress and movie producer. She appeared mostly in silent movies and melodramas. Her most famous movie was "Smilin' Through" in 1922. She was also in "Secrets" in 1924 and "The Lady" the following year. Talmadge was regarded as one of the most glamorous and elegant movie stars in the roaring twenties. However, by the end of the silent movie era, her popularity with movie audiences declined.

Talmadge was born in Jersey City, New Jersey in 1894. She died from pneumonia in Las Vegas at the age of sixty-three.

Homotherium

Homotherium is an extinct genus of machairodontine sabertoothed cats. Their teeth are longer than a modern tiger, but shorter than "Smilodon". Therefore, they are sometimes called "scimitar-toothed cats".

"Homotherium" was widespread in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and Africa during the Pliocene and Pleistocene epochs (5 million years ago – 10,000 years ago).

It first became extinct in Africa some 1.5 million years ago. In Eurasia it survived until about 30,000 years ago. In South America it is only known from a few remains in the northern (Venezuela), in the mid-Pleistocene. The last scimitar cat could have survived in North America until 10,000 years ago.

What we have of evidence comes from the skeletons. From its teeth, its killing method would have been somewhat different from "Smilodon". The canines look like they were used for a stabbing action rather than slashing. The build of the body is much stronger at the front and heavier than modern cats, which suggests an ambush strategy. That in turn suggests cover in woodlands, which were very common in the Pliocene and much of the Pleistocene.

The skull has noteworthy features. The incisors at the front were proportionately much bigger than modern cats, and stood proud in front of the canines. They must have played a role in holding and pulling the prey. The meat-slicing molars at the back were huge. The legs were fairly long, with the front legs longer than the hind legs. The short tail and short lumbar region of the spine completes the picture of a very strong animal, capable of wrestling with large prey. A reasonable summary is that "Homotherium" had features combinbing those of hyaenas and modern big cats. It was capable of ambush hunting, but also long-distance chases at moderate speeds. It would operate in open woodland.

Possibly all these sabretooths operated by jumping onto the prey's neck, hanging on with their strong front limbs, and digging into the prey's neck with their teeth. Their canines could penetrate the hide of large mammals, unlike modern lions, which have to suffocate their prey.

"Homotherium" skeletons have been found in association with those of mammoths, mastodons and rhinoceros. The implication is that juvenile elephants might have been on their menu.

The Lion King (musical)

The Lion King is a musical. It is based on a 1994 Disney animated movie of the same name. Tim Rice wrote the lyrics. Elton John wrote the music. Julie Taymor directed. The musical uses giant puppets.

The musical opened on Broadway at the New Amsterdam Theater on 13 November 1997. A production opened in the West End at the Lyceum Theatre on 19 October 1999.

The musical has won many awards including Drama Desk Awards, Tony Awards, a Theatre World Award, Lawrence Oliver Awards, and Molière Awards.

The upcoming original 1999 London cast recording album's named "Disney presents THE LION KING: Original London Cast Recording Album CD Soundtrack" release date in 12 February 2021.

The upcoming original 2003 Australian cast recording album's named "Disney presents THE LION KING: Original Australian Cast Recording Album CD Soundtrack" release date in 7 June 2021.

Vimaladharmasuriya I

Vimaladharmasuriya I, also known as Konappu Bandara, Dom Joan of Austria or Don Jhon Appuhamy, was a king of Sri Lanka. He ruled the country from 1590 to 1604. He was a late 16th-century to early 17th-century King of the Kandyan Kingdom, which was in the central hills of the island of Sri Lanka. He successfully defeated the Portuguese in two major battles: in 1594, the battle of Danture and in 1602 the Battle of Balana.

Michael Berry Jr.

Michael Joseph John Berry, Jr. (born 1964 in Oxford, England) is a British actor known for portraying characters in well known films such as the Irish sailor Twigg in "", the man who kidnapped Julia Meade in "", Daniel the Bull in "Where the Wild Things Are" and Vladi in "The Hangover Part II". 

Berry Jr. is also a writer for numerous television shows and plays such as "Spiderman and the Rope".

Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat

Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat is a musical. It is based on a story from the Bible. The title character is Joseph, one of the twelve sons of the patriarch Jacob. 

The lyrics were written by Tim Rice. The music was written by Andrew Lloyd Webber. It was first performed in England, on the West End in 1970, and in the USA on Broadway, New York City, in 1982. 

Nicholas Attygalle

Sir Nicholas Attygalle, KBE, FRCS, FRCOG (14 July 1894 – 27 March 1970) was a Ceylonese academic, surgeon and a Senator. He was the President of the Senate of Ceylon from 1953 to 1960. He was the first Ceylonese Vice Chancellor of the University of Ceylon, where his nickname was "Iron Vice Chancellor".

Phil Bryant

Dewey Phillip "Phil" Bryant (born December 9, 1954) is an American politician from Mississippi. Bryant was the 63rd Governor of Mississippi, going against the Democratic Party candidate, Johnny DuPree in the 2011 general election. He used to serve as the 31st Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi, going against the Democratic Party candidate, Jamie Franks, in the 2007 general election. On November 8, 2011, he was elected Governor of Mississippi and took office on January 10, 2012.

Les Misérables (musical)

Les Misérables is a musical. It is based on the 1862 novel of the same name by Victor Hugo. The book of the musical was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil. The lyrics were written by Alain Boublil and Jean-Marc Natel. The music was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg. Herbert Kretzmer adapted the lyrics and text to English.

The musical opened in 1980 in Paris. In 1985, it opened in London's West End. In 1987, it opened on Broadway. It won a Tony Award for Best Musical, and a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical. In 2012, it was adapted to a movie starring Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe, and Anne Hathaway.

Winthrop Sargent

Winthrop Sargent (May 1, 1753 – June 3, 1820) was a United States patriot, politician, and writer. He was a member of the Federalist party.

James Taylor (planter)

James Taylor (born 29 March 1835 in Kincardineshire - died 2 May 1892 in Kandy) was a Scottish man who brought tea plantations to Sri Lanka (Ceylon). He arrived in Ceylon in 1852 and landed in Loolecondera. He lived in Sri Lanka until his death (more than half of his lifetime). He worked with Thomas Lipton, another Scottish immigrant, to grow the tea industry in Sri Lanka.

S. J. V. Chelvanayakam

Samuel James Veluppillai Chelvanayakam (also spelled Chelvanayagam, 31 March 1898 - 26 April 1977) was a Ceylonese lawyer and politician. He was Tamil. He was a Member of Parliament and was a political leader of the Sri Lankan Tamil community for more than two decades. 

His son Chandrahasan followed his father's footstep by becoming a public servant in Tamil Nadu.

Appapillai Amirthalingam

Appapillai Amirthalingam (, 26 August 1927 – 13 July 1989) was a Sri Lankan Tamil politician. He was a Member of Parliament and Leader of the Opposition. Amirthalingam was assassinated by the Tamil Tigers.

Occitan Wikipedia

The Occitan Wikipedia () is the Occitan-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in December 2003. As of July 2013, it has over 84,000 articles.


Sanskrit Wikipedia

The Sanskrit Wikipedia (, also known as sawiki) is the Sanskrit-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in December 2003. As of July 2013, it has over 9,000 articles.


Alemannic Wikipedia

The Alemannic Wikipedia (Alemannic: "Alemannischi Wikipedia") is the Alemannic-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in November 2003. , it has over 28,700 articles.


Scots Wikipedia

The Scots Wikipedia () is the Scots-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in June 2005. As of 2024, it has about articles.

In August 2020, the wiki received criticism from social media and the news for its bad translation from the English language, and is currently being reviewed by the Wikipedia community.


Marathi Wikipedia

The Marathi Wikipedia () is the Marathi-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in May 2003. As of July 2013, it had over 39,000 articles.


Aragonese Wikipedia

The Aragonese Wikipedia (also called Biquipedia) is the Aragonese-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in July 2004. , it has over 41,000 articles.


Telugu Wikipedia

The Telugu Wikipedia is the Telugu-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in December 2003. As of July 2013, it has over 52,000 articles.


Kannada Wikipedia

The Kannada Wikipedia is the Kannada-language edition of "Wikipedia". This edition started in June 2003. As of July 2013, it has over 13,000 articles.


Carousel (musical)

Carousel is a musical. It is based on Ferenc Molnár's 1909 play, "Liliom", as adapted by Benjamin Glazer. Oscar Hammerstein II wrote the musical's book and lyrics. Richard Rodgers wrote the music. "Carousel" received the first New York Drama Critics' Circle Award for Best Musical (1945-1946).

It opened on Broadway at the Majestic Theatre on 19 April 1945, and closed on 24 May 1947 after 890 performances. The original production starred John Raitt as Billy and Jan Clayton as Julie. Robert Mamoulian directed, Agnes de Mille choreographed the dances, and Jo Mielziner designed the scenery and lighting.

"Carousel" opened on the West End at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, on 7 June 1950 with Stephen Douglass and Iva Withers. In 1956, it was released as a Twentieth Century-Fox movie starring Gordon MacRae and Shirley Jones.


Beauty and the Beast (musical)

Beauty and the Beast is a musical. It is based on a fairy tale by Madame Leprince de Beaumont, and the 1991 Disney animated movie, "Beauty and the Beast". The 2028 Revival stars Alan Vaytsman and Keekee Marsh as Belle and the Beast. It will be held at the Majestic Theatre(West 44th Street).

The book was written by Linda Woolverton. The lyrics were written by Howard Ashman and Tim Rice. The music was written by Alan Menken. The musical opened on Broadway in 1994, and in the West End in 1997.

On a cold winter night, an old beggar woman comes to a young spoiled prince's castle, offering him a single rose in return for shelter from the cold. But the prince turns her away solely for her appearance. The old woman warns him not to be fooled by appearances, as true beauty lies within, only to be rejected again. She then transforms into a beautiful enchantress and turns the prince into a hideous Beast and his servants into various household objects. She gives him the rose to use as an hour-glass. The only way he can break the spell is to learn to love another and earn her love in return by the time the last petal falls ("Prologue").

10 years later, a beautiful young girl named Belle makes her way into town one morning in order to get a book from the local book seller. On the way she expresses her wish to live in a world like her books, full of adventure, while the townspeople note her unparalleled beauty but find her love of books odd ("Belle"). Belle has also attracted the attentions of Gaston (the local hunter and town hero) who admires her only for her beauty and not her intelligence.

Belle, however, is not oblivious to her peers' views of her. She voices her concerns about it to her eccentric father and inventor, Maurice who assures her that she is anything but strange ("No Matter What"). The two then put the finishing touches on his invention and Maurice heads off to an invention fair donning a scarf knitted for him by Belle ("No Matter What (Reprise)"). After surviving a wolf attack, he enters the Beast's castle where the servants, including Lumière, a maître d' turned into a candelabra, Cogsworth, the head of household turned into a clock, Babette, a maid turned into a feather duster that still seems to retain her flirtatious tendencies, Mrs. Potts, the head of the kitchen turned into a tea pot, and Chip, her son turned into a teacup. They welcome him, but the horrid Beast arrives and locks Maurice away in the dungeon for trespassing.

Back in town, Gaston proposes to Belle, which she politely rejects ("Me"). Appalled by Gaston's forwardness, Belle once again voices her need for a life outside this provincial life ("Belle (Reprise)"). Gaston's sidekick, LeFou, returns from the woods wearing the scarf Belle knitted for Maurice. Belle realizes her father is in danger and heads into the woods to look for him. She ends up at the castle where she finds her father locked away in a dungeon. She makes a deal with the Beast, Maurice goes free but she remains instead. They agree and Maurice is sent back to town without being allowed to say goodbye. Belle is given a guest room and ordered by the Beast to join him for dinner. She mourns her situation ("Home"), but Mrs. Potts and Madame de la Grande Bouche, an operatic wardrobe, attempt to cheer her up ("Home (Reprise)").

Back in town, at the local tavern, Gaston sulks at his loss of a bride. LeFou and the patrons attempt to cheer him up ("Gaston"), when Maurice rushes in claiming a Beast has Belle locked away, they laugh at him but Gaston formulates a plan ("Gaston (Reprise)"). Back at the castle, the Beast grows impatient as Belle has yet to join him for dinner. Cogsworth informs him she refuses to come, after a shouting match between Belle and the Beast (which ends in a victory for Belle) he tells her if she cannot eat with him then she will not eat at all. In his quarters, he sulks and notes his fate should the spell not break ("How Long Must This Go On?"). Eventually Belle does become hungry and ventures into the kitchen where the servants offer her dinner despite their master's orders. They treat her to an amazing cabaret show ("Be Our Guest").

After dinner, Belle gets a tour of the castle courtesy of Cogsworth and Lumière, her curiosity leads her to enter the West Wing, a place the Beast told her was forbidden. Mesmerized by a mysterious rose floating in a bell jar, she reaches out to touch it but before she can, the Beast stops her and orders her to get out accidentally shoving her in the process. Fearing for her life, Belle flees from the castle. Realizing his deadly mistake, the Beast knows he will be a monster forever if he cannot learn to love her ("If I Can't Love Her").

In the woods, Belle is attacked by wolves and is only rescued when the Beast comes to her aid, but he is injured during the fight and collapses ("Entr'acte/Wolf Chase"). Instead of taking the chance to run home Belle helps him back to the castle. She cleans his injuries and after a brief argument about whose fault this is, the Beast thanks her for her kindness and thus their friendship is born. Wanting to give her a thank-you gift, the Beast gives Belle his huge library, which excites her. She notes a change in the Beast's personality as the servants note a change in Belle and the Beast's relationship ("Something There"). They express their hope of being human once more ("Human Again") while Belle asks the Beast to accompany her to dinner that night.

Back in the village, Gaston meets with the asylum owner Monsieur D'Arque. They plan to lock Maurice away to blackmail Belle into marrying Gaston ("Maison des Lunes"). In the castle, the Beast and Belle attend a lovely dinner and personal ball, where they dance together in the ballroom ("Beauty and the Beast"). After, the Beast (who plans to tell Belle he loves her) asks her if she is happy here, she responds positively but notes that she misses her father. He offers her his Magic Mirror to view him. She sees that Maurice is sick and lost in the woods and fears for his life. Even though The Beast knows there is only a few hours left till the last petal falls from the rose, he allows Belle to leave in order to save her father; she departs after a tearful goodbye ("If I Can't Love Her (Reprise)").

Belle finds her father and brings him back to their house in the village. After she is able to nurse him back to health, she explains the transformation she seems to have gone through while she was with the Beast ("A Change in Me"). A mob arrives, led by Gaston to take Maurice to the asylum. Belle proves her father's sanity by showing the townspeople the Beast is real using the Magic Mirror, but doesn't realize the error in her gesture. The townspeople immediately fear the Beast, but Belle insists he's gentle and kind. Gaston catches her tone and recognizes the Beast as his rival for Belle's affections and organizes the mob to kill the Beast ("Mob Song"). In order to warn the Beast, Belle and Maurice decide to beat the mob to the castle. However, Gaston and the mob had already reached the castle before Belle and Maurice did.

At the castle, the servants are able to keep the lynch mob at bay but Gaston breaks through and finds the Beast in his tower. He engages in a fight with him, mercilessly beating and taunting him ("Battle"). The Beast has lost the will to live at Belle's departure. As Gaston moves in for the killing blow, Belle arrives. The Beast immediately turns on Gaston and is prepared to kill him, but spares his life after seeing the fear in his eyes. The Beast and Belle are reunited, but this reunion is cut short as Gaston plunges his dagger into the Beast's back. This act of violence causes Gaston to lose his footing and he falls to his death.

On the balcony, Belle assures the Beast he will live but they both know she is helpless to save him. She begs him not to leave her because she has found home in his company ("End Duet"), but despite this, he dies; Belle sobs on his body and says she loves him just before the last rose petal falls. A transformation takes place ("Transformation") and the Beast is alive and human once more. Though Belle does not recognize him at first, she looks into his eyes and sees the Beast within and they kiss. The two sing of how their lives have changed because of love and they dance once more as the company, now changed back to their human form, gathers in the ballroom ("Beauty and the Beast (Reprise)").



Cwmdonkin Park

Cwmdonkin Park is a park in Swansea, in south Wales. Poet Dylan Thomas grew up at 5 Cwmdonkin Drive, not far from here. The fountain in the park is celebrated in his poem "The Hunchback in the park". In 1963, a memorial stone with lines from another poem by Thomas' "Fern Hill", was placed in the park.

The park has water gardens, tennis courts, a bowling green and a children's play area.

Alberta Hunter

Alberta Hunter (April 1, 1895 – October 17, 1984) was an American singer-songwriter. She sang blues and jazz music. She was especially popular in the 1920s and 1930s. She sang the critically acclaimed "Downhearted Blues" in 1922. She stopped performing in the 1950s.

Hunter was born in Memphis, but later moved to Chicago.

Hunter was a lesbian.

Hunter died in New York City at age 89.

Tornadoes of 2011

This page describes the tornadoes that were recorded in 2011. Tornadoes that cause the most damage form most often in the United States, Bangladesh and eastern India. However, they can occur almost anywhere under the right conditions. Tornadoes also appear regularly in southern Canada during the Northern Hemisphere's summer season. They also form less regularly in Europe, Asia and Australiasia.

There were 1,897 tornadoes reported in the U.S. in 2011. Of these, 1,704 were confirmed. The year 2011 was an unusually severe year for tornadoes. At least 577 people were killed in tornadoes in 2011: 12 in Bangladesh, two in South Africa, one in New Zealand, one in the Philippines, one in Russia, one in Canada, and an estimated 553 in the United States. There were several very large tornado outbreaks in the middle and end of April and in late May. The outbreaks in April resulted in the second-most number of deaths in a single year for tornadoes in U.S. history.

Tornado described below are ranked using the Enhanced Fujita Scale.

There were 29 tornadoes reported in the U.S. in January. Of these, 16 were confirmed.
A deadly series of tornado continued though the early hours of January 1. Seven tornadoes formed in Mississippi over three hours. The strongest of these was rated EF3. It had winds of , and caused major damage along Mississippi Highway 19. Overall damage in the state from the tornadoes totalled US$10.4 million. Three people were injured.
Three tornadoes formed in eastern Europe in late January. Two formed in Turkey and one in Greece. The strongest of these tornadoes was an F2 that formed in northern Rhodes.

There were 68 tornadoes confirmed in the U.S. in February.
Several tornadoes formed across parts of the Southern United States on February 24. The strongest tornado was in Nashville, Tennessee. Another tornado formed in Wilson County, where an emergency was declared. Both tornadoes were rated EF2.

Another severe weather event developed on February 27 and continued into February 28 across the Midwest and South. At least 35 tornadoes were reported across several states. The tornado that caused the most damage was in Franklin County, Tennessee on the afternoon of February 28. One person was killed by an EF2 tornado. It was the first death caused by a tornado of 2011. Other tornadoes formed in parts of Missouri and Illinois. There were 22 tornadoes in that region, some of which were as strong as EF2. Nobody was killed in those tornadoes, but they caused damage totalling $12,800,000.

There were 75 tornadoes confirmed in the U.S. in March.
One confirmed EF0 tornado hit the town of Crowley, Louisiana on March 5. An EF2 tornado struck Rayne, Louisiana early that afternoon. It killed a mother while she protected her daughter. At least 12 others were injured. Two EF0 tornadoes were also confirmed in the eastern part of North Carolina.
Several tornadoes formed on March 8 in northern Texas. They moved eastward to the Florida Panhandle. Louisiana was hit the worst. The most destructive tornadoes, rated EF2, formed just north of New Orleans.
There was a brief tornado in the afternoon of March 21 near Maxwell, California. The same system produced more severe weather across eastern Nebraska. Later, a group of supercells began producing tornadoes in south-central Iowa. On March 23, more tornadoes and severe weather developed. The strongest tornadoes formed in eastern Tennessee, where major damage was reported.

On March 29, a warm front over the Gulf of Mexico moved northward into the Gulf Coast States. It brought some severe weather. Three tornadoes formed in Louisiana. One person was killed in Mississippi after lightning caused a house fire. The worst weather shifted into central Florida on March 30. Ten tornadoes formed over the next two days. Damage totalled more than $5 million. Seven people were injured when one of the tornadoes hit a local festival.

There were 768 tornadoes were confirmed in the United States in April. That set a new record for the most tornadoes in the country over a one-month period. The previous record was 552 in May 2003.

Two tornadoes were reported in Kentucky during the early afternoon on April 4. Both were rated EF2 and caused several injuries. Many buildings were reported to be destroyed, trapping people under the wreckage. One person was killed by an EF2 tornado in Dodge County, Georgia. Nearly 100,000 and 147,000 residences lost power in Tennessee and Georgia respectively.
Two tornadoes formed on April 8, one of which was an EF2 that caused very bad damage in Pulaski, Virginia. Many houses were damaged and eight people were injured. During the afternoon of April 9, supercells moved through parts of Kentucky, Tennessee and North Carolina. At least four tornadoes were formed.

During the evening of April 9, several severe thunderstorms developed across Nebraska, South Dakota and Iowa. Over the far west of Iowa, a single supercell formed a group of ten tornadoes. The first was wide and struck Mapleton, Iowa. It destroyed about 100 homes. Nobody was killed, but about 14 to 16 people were injured.

During the afternoon of April 14, a warning was issued for much of eastern Oklahoma. Supercells developed over central Oklahoma. Several tornadoes were confirmed. A large and very strong tornado caused major damage in the towns of Atoka and Tushka. Many houses in these towns were destroyed. Two people were killed and 25 more injured in Tushka. Another two people were killed in Arkansas.

Thunderstorms developed again over parts of Mississippi, and tornadoes began to form again. An emergency was declared for the northern Jackson area shortly after 11:00 am CDT (1600 UTC). A destructive tornado moved across the area causing very bad damage and several injuries. A large tornado formed in east-central Mississippi and west-central Alabama and another tornado emergency was issued. At least eight people were killed between the two states.

On April 16, a massive outbreak of tornadoes formed in North Carolina. It became the state's worst tornado outbreak in 25 years. At least 24 died and 135 were badly injured. Tornadoes also struck South Carolina, Virginia, Maryland and Pennsylvania. Twelve supercells produced at least 25 tornadoes. At least 32 counties were affected. A total of 21 businesses and 440 homes were destroyed. Another 92 businesses and 6,189 homes suffered very bad damage. The worst damage was in Raleigh County.

More severe weather developed across the Midwest and southern Great Plains on April 19. Thunderstorms began in the late afternoon and early evening. They brought large hail and several tornadoes. A large tornado was reported near Octavia, Oklahoma. The supercells then merged into a very large squall line. Overnight, the squall line moved eastward and caused major wind damage. It formed several tornadoes across several states. A few were as strong as EF2, but most were brief and weak. In the early hours of April 20, a tornado moved through Oregon, Ohio. It caused some damage but nobody was injured. Three tornadoes hit New Albany, Indiana and Jeffersonville, Indiana. On April 22, several more tornadoes caused damage across the area. The strongest was rated EF4 and struck St. Louis. It caused extensive damage to the city. A few more tornadoes were reported on April 23–24, but most did not cause any severe damage.

Severe weather returned across parts of the Midwest on April 22. St. Louis was the hardest-hit area. The airport was badly damaged. There were several tornadoes reported in other areas. These included an EF2 tornado which moved through Henderson, Webster and Union County in Kentucky.

Between April 25 and 28, a huge outbreak of tornadoes happened across much of the Southern United States, as well as parts of the Midwest and Northeast. There were over 300 confirmed tornadoes. A total of 325 people were killed. It was one of the worst outbreaks in the history of the United States. More than 40 tornadoes were confirmed each day of the event: 46 on April 25, 55 on April 26, 206 on April 27 and 51 on April 28. In terms of violent tornadoes, the event ranks third (having a total of 15 EF4/5 storms), behind the 1974 Super Outbreak and 1965 Palm Sunday outbreak.

During May, there were 326 tornadoes confirmed in the United States. There was also one tornado in Taiwan, and another in the Philippines. The one in the Philippines caused very bad damage and killed one person.

On May 3, a series of thunderstorms hit the far north of New Zealand. Around 3:00 pm NZST, a tornado formed in the suburb Albany in Auckland. Winds were estimated at . The tornado ranked as a high-end EF2. It caused bad damage to much of the area. A total of 50 homes were damaged along the tornado's path. One person was killed and at least 20 others were injured.
On May 9, two tornadoes formed in South Dakota. They were rated EF1 and EF2. Continuing into May 10, the system slowly moved eastward to Minnesota. Thunderstorms in the state produced large hail. One EF1 tornado formed.
On May 21, several tornadoes formed in Kansas. One person was killed in Topeka, several others were injured and at least 20 houses were destroyed. After hitting Topeka, it hit several other towns. Several other tornadoes formed in the region that evening.

On May 22, a tornadic supercell formed over Minnesota. It caused major damage in and around Minneapolis. A strong tornado also moved towards Harmony that afternoon and a tornado emergency was issued. Late that afternoon, a very large and strong tornado resulted in serious damage in Joplin. Entire communities were destroyed. Many people were reported to have been trapped in destroyed houses. A total of 158 were killed, and more than 1,000 others were injured.

There were 156 tornadoes confirmed in the United States in June. A tornado watch was issued on June 1 for parts of Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island. That afternoon, an EF3 tornado formed in downtown Springfield, Massachusetts and continued east for 39 miles. It caused major damage to many towns, and many injuries were reported. The tornado in Springfield was the first tornado in Massachusetts to kill somebody since 1995.
A large EF3 tornado formed north of Hill City, Kansas on June 19. Another formed later that afternoon near Elm Creek, Nebraska. Several other tornadoes were reported across the region including near Ravenna and in York County. Some were reported to have been very large and strong, but were mostly over open country. On June 21, tornadoes were reported in Anoka County, Minnesota, and Green Lake and Fond du Lac Counties in Wisconsin. A series of tornadoes moved across the area around Louisville, Kentucky late on June 22. A total of five tornadoes were confirmed in the area, including two that were rated EF2. One of the tornadoes hit Churchill Downs and badly damaged several buildings. Tornadoes were also confirmed in Mississippi, Tennessee, Michigan, and Indiana.

Over the course of July, at least four tornadoes formed in Alberta, Canada. They did not cause any major damage.

There were 101 tornadoes confirmed in the United States in July. On July 1, winds as high as caused damage through South Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Iowa. The worst damage was made along the border of Minnesota and Wisconsin. Seven tornadoes formed, two of which were rated EF2. On July 16 and 17, at least 16 tornadoes formed over the northern Plains. Most of them were reported in North Dakota. A few of them caused major damage, including a house which was destroyed from a strong EF3 tornado in LaMoure County.

On August 1, an F2 tornado struck the city of Blagoveshchensk, in Russia. It stayed on the ground for 13 minutes. The storm damaged over 100 homes and 150 cars. One person was killed and 28 were injured. Damage from the tornado were estimated to cost €1.2 to 2 million ($1.8 to 2.9 million).
There were 59 tornadoes confirmed in the United States in August. Early on August 10, a strong tornado hit Oklahoma near Locust Grove. The tornado destroyed a mobile home, killing one person and injuring two others. The tornado was rated as an EF2.
A tornado formed in Wausaukee, Wisconsin on August 19. It was rated EF1, with winds up to . It killed one person.
An strong tornado formed late in the afternoon of August 21 over Goderich in Ontario. It struck the centre of town and caused very bad damage. It was the strongest tornado in Ontario since 1996. At least 37 people were injured and one person was killed. Winds were up to . The storm was a F3 tornado according to Environment Canada.

Hurricane Irene produced several tornadoes as it made landfall in North Carolina and moved northward. They were reported across several states along the east coast.

There were 51 tornadoes confirmed in the United States in September. Tropical Storm Lee resulted in at least 55 reports of tornadoes along the northern Gulf Coast beginning on September 3 and into September 4. Damage was reported from central Louisiana to the western Florida Panhandle.

Two tornadoes formed in South Africa on October 2. One was in the Free State and one in the East Rand, Gauteng. Several homes were destroyed and there were 2 people killed in the township of Duduza.
There were 23 tornadoes confirmed in the United States in October. Several tornadoes formed in central Virginia on October 13. The worst damage was in New Kent County. One other tornado formed near Dumfries, Virginia. In total, five tornadoes were confirmed on this day.
At least three tornadoes formed in Florida late on October 18. Dozens of homes were damaged in Broward County by a tornado with winds of 120 mph. A second tornado with wind speeds of 85 mph struck Indiantown. A third tornado with winds up to 65 mph caused major damage to a home in Indiro.

There were 46 tornadoes confirmed in the United States in November.

A series of tornadoes formed across the south-central U.S. on November 7 and 8. It was focused around Texas and Oklahoma. A total of 20 tornadoes were reported across the region. One of the tornadoes was rated as an EF4, and was the first F4 or EF4 tornado in Oklahoma in the month of November since records began in 1950. Most of the tornadoes, however, stayed in very rural areas.
A long series of tornadoes formed across a large part of the U.S. starting on November 14. They continued into November 15 and 16. Two EF2 tornadoes formed in southwestern New York. Farther south, more tornadoes formed late on November 15 into early on November 16 across Mississippi into Alabama. Several of the tornadoes caused very bad damage and several injuries. The activity spread into the Carolinas that afternoon. An EF2 tornado just south of Rock Hill, South Carolina caused the deaths of three people. Another EF2 tornado south of Thomasville killed two people, and caused very bad damage. Another person was killed in Forsyth County in Georgia.
On November 29, a tornado hit Manchester, in England, and caused damage to trees and buildings. A tornado rated F1 (T3) was confirmed in Rossington, South Yorkshire during the evening of November 28.

At least 15 tornadoes were confirmed in the United States in December. These were reported across Alabama and Georgia. The strongest of the tornadoes was an EF3. It caused very bad damage in parts of Floyd and Gordon Counties. At least two people were injured.

The north-west of Melbourne, Australia was hit by three tornadoes on December 25. The first tornado was reported in Fiskville, about 15 km west of Bacchus Marsh. The second was reported in the city of Melton. Another tornado was reported in Taylors Lakes.


Lindy Boggs

Marie Corinne Morrison Claiborne Boggs (March 13, 1916 – July 27, 2013) was an American politician. She served in the U.S. House of Representatives. She later served as the United States Ambassador to the Holy See. She was the first woman elected to Congress from Louisiana. She was a permanent chairwoman in the 1976 Democratic National Convention. She was the mother of television journalist, Cokie Roberts.

Boggs died on July 27, 2013 in Chevy Chase, Maryland from natural causes, aged 97. A funeral mass was held on August 1, 2013 at St. Louis Cathedral at 615 Pere Antoine Alley in New Orleans. Interment was followed at St. Mary's Cemetery in New Roads. Governor Bobby Jindal ordered all U.S. and state flags in Louisiana to fly at half staff until August 2, 2013 in Mrs. Boggs' memory.

Mercedes McCambridge

Mercedes McCambridge (March 16, 1916 – March 2, 2004) was an American actress. She was born to an Irish-American Roman Catholic family. She received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She got that award for her performance in "All the King's Men" in 1949. Her other movies included "Johnny Guitar" and "Giant". She began her career in the 1940s performing on radio.

McCambridge was born in Joliet, Illinois. She died of natural causes in San Diego.

Bettie Page

Bettie Mae Page (April 22, 1923 – December 11, 2008) was an American model and pornographic actor.

Page was born in Nashville, Tennessee. She became famous in the 1950s for her pin-up photos. She was known for her erotic dance moves and adult movies. She was Playboy Playmate of the Month in January 1955.

She retired when she converted to Christianity in 1959. She moved to Southern California in 1979. She spent several years in psychiatric institutions there after she was diagnosed with schizophrenia. She died from a heart attack at age eighty-five in Los Angeles. She is one of the highest paid dead celebrities.


Anne Baxter

Anne Baxter (May 7, 1923 – December 12, 1985) was an American actress. She appeared in many movies. She starred in the 1946 movie "The Razor's Edge", and received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for that performance. She also acted in "The Ten Commandments" in 1956 and the Broadway play "Applause". Her grandfather was architect Frank Lloyd Wright.

The actress was born in Michigan City, Indiana. She died from an aneurysm in New York City at sixty-two.

Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery

The Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery is a cemetery in Jerusalem. It is the oldest Jewish cemetery in the world. It is also the biggest cemetery for Jews. The cemetery is on the Mount of Olives. It faces the Old City of Jerusalem. The cemetery has over 150,000 graves.


The southwestern part of the cemetery is Kidron Valley necropolis continuing the cemetery from southwest in the Kidron Valley. a part of the Arab village of Silwan was built over this part of the cemetery.

Some Arab neighborhoods of East Jerusalem were built on the grounds of the cemetery after the Jordanian conquest in 1948 including: Al-Bustan, Ras al-Amud, Al-Sheikh, A-Tur,


List of Little Britain characters

This is a list of characters for the British television and radio sketch show "Little Britain" (and its American spin-off, "Little Britain USA").

Played By: David Walliams ("Anne"), Matt Lucas ("Dr. Lawrence") and Steve Furst ("Dr. Beegree") 
Appearances: Season 1-3 
Quotes: "Eh-eh-ehhh!"

Anne is a patient at the "Steven-Spielberg-Hospitals" and the client of Dr. Lawrence. Sometimes, he takes her to his home. She looks like a mental patient, but in some episodes, he does like a normale person and speaks also normal. You can see in an episode, that he is a men.

Played By: Matt Lucas 
Appearances: Season 1 and 2 
Quotes: Look into my eyes, look into my eyes, the eyes, the eyes, not around the eyes, don't look around the eyes, look into my eyes (snaps fingers) you're under." (After dialogue relating to situation), "3, 2, 1... (snaps fingers) you're back in the room"

Kenny Craig is a hypnotist. He hypnotized other people and says to them, what they should do.

Played By: Matt Lucas 
Appearances: Season 1-3 
Quotes: "Hello Fatties!", "Dust?", "Oh man I love the cake!", "It's not easy is it?" 
Marjories victims: Paul Putner ("Paul"), Joann Condon ("Pat"), Charu Bala Chokshi ("Meera"), Leelo Ross ("Tanya")

Marjorie is the leader of the self-help group "Fat Fighters". She is overweight, but nevertheless she insults the weight of the participants. The Indian woman Meera speaks perfect English, and Marjorie annoys them, by saying: "Say it again?". Another member is Pat, the fattest person of the group. Marjorie always gives her advice to eat dust, because it doesn't have calories and you wouldn't to be thick. In a sketch, she lost weight and Marjorie gave her to eat Éclair. Paul and Pat become a pair.

Played By: Matt Lucas 
Appearances: Season 2-3 
Quotes: "Champagne! Champagne for everyone!", "'Ello dahlin'!", "Call me Bubbles darling, everybody does!", "the number is 0123456789 ok dahlin"

Bubbles is an overweight woman. She lives in the Spa Hill Grange for several months and for free. The manager of this Hotel is Mr. Hutton. If he meets Bubbles, she runs away, because she knows, that he wants the payment. You can often see, that she is naked.

Played By: David Walliams 
Appearances: Season 3 
Quotes: "Baby"

Desiree is the wife of Roman and the rival of Bubbles. She is overweight and fatter than Bubbles.

Played By: Rob Brydon 
Appearances: Season 3

Roman DeVere is the husband of Desiree DeVere (Played by David Walliams) and the ex-husband of Bubbles DeVere (Played by Matt Lucas). He loves fat women und he had separated from her, because Desiree is fatter than Bubbles.

Played By: David Walliams 
Appearances: Season 1-3 
Quotes: "I'm a lady!", I do lady things!"

Emily is not a credible transvestite. She wears Women's Costumes from the 19th century. She lives in the english coastal town Old Haven. Old colleague can sometimes to see them and they remember, who she is. She always replies "I don't know someone with this name! I'm a laaaady!". She played at the English soccer team Queens Park Rangers.

Played By: David Walliams ("Lou") and Matt Lucas ("Andy") 
Appearances: Season 1-3 
Quotes: "I want that one...", "I don't like it", "I look a pillock", "Yeah I know!"; Lou: "bit of a kerfuffle!" "Are you sure?"

Lou lives with the wheelchair users Andy in Herby. Andy must always choose something, but he doesn't choose the right things. If he turns around, Andy jumps out of his wheelchair and does different activities.

Played By: David Walliams 
Appearances: Season 1-3 
Quotes: "Whateva!'", "Whaaaa(t)!?" ("Sebastian")

Sebastian is young, gay and the secretary of Prime Minister Michael Stevens. He fell in love with him. Sebastian is always jealous of other colleague and he tries always to prevent meeting.

Mr. Mike Mann is acted by David Walliams. He buys lots of things from Roy's shop, which changes its theme every episode. He wants something very specific which annoys Roy all the time. When Roy can't find the thing he will ask his wife, who was no arms or legs, Margaret, who lives upstairs, if they have any in the store at that time.

If Roy finds the object Mr Mann wants then Mr Mann will add some other detail which must be required for him to buy it. When he actually gets the item he is looking for he becomes disappointed, showing that it was more to do with annoying Roy than buying anything.

Played By: David Walliams 
Appearances: Season 1 
Quotes: "A-Yeeeees!", "Maybe I did and maybe I didn't"

Ray McCooney has a hotel in Scotland. He directs the hotel with his small children. He confused his customers and he always answers in riddles. He can to be normal, but he wants, that his customers become crazy.

Played By: Matt Lucas 
Appearances: Season 1-3 
Quotes: "No, but, yeah, but, no, but...", "Oh my God! I sooo can't believe you just said that!"

Vicky is an overweight and a naughty girl. She lives in Darkley Noone and wears jogging clothes. She has many children from unknown fathers. Her trademark is the fast talking.

Played By: Matt Lucas 
Appearances: Season 2, 3

Florence is the best friend of Emily. She wears a beard and many people think, that she is not a woman. Sometimes, she wears babyclothes.

Played By: Anthony Head 
Appearances: Season 1-3

Michael Stevens is the Prime Minister and Sebastian is his secretary. Although he is married with a wife, but he says to other colleague, that he is also gay

Played By: Matt Lucas 
Appearances: Season 1-3 
Quotes: "Everybody knows I'm the only gay in the village", "Bacardi and Coke please, Myfanwy"

Daffyd is overweight and gay. He thinks, that he is the only gay person in the village Llanddewi Brefi. He doesn't want it to have true, that gay people live in this village.. He wears often latex clothes.

Uniting Church in Sweden

The Uniting Church in Sweden () is a Christian Protestant denomination in Sweden. It was established on 4 June 2011 out of the Baptist Union of Sweden, the United Methodist Church and the Mission Covenant Church of Sweden as the Joint Future Church (). The name was changed during a conference in Karlstad on 11 May 2013.


Shinichi Hoshi

Shinichi Hoshi ( "Hoshi Shin'ichi", 6 September 1926 – 30 December 1997) was a Japanese writer　(The kanji for his real name were 親一). He is best known for his science fiction stories, the so-called "short-short" ones, often no more than three or four pages in length. He wrote over 1000 of these in his 26-year career. He also wrote mystery stories, and won the Mystery Writers of Japan Award for Mōsō Ginkō (Delusion Bank) in 1968.

Shinichi was raised in Tokyo by his grandparents. His grandfather was a anatomist and anthropologist. His grandmother was a sister of a Japanese novelist, Ogai Mori. Hajime Hoshi, his father, was a president of Hoshi Pharmacy and founder of Hoshi University.

He died on 30 December 1997.

Shinchosha



Sopho Gelovani

Sopho Gelovani () (21 March 1984) is a Georgian singer. She and Nodiko Tatishvili took part in the Eurovision for Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden.

Clones

Clones ( ; ) is a small town in western County Monaghan, Ireland. The area is part of the Border Region with Northern Ireland. Historically "Clones" was also spelt "Clonis", "Clonish" and "Clownish". These are English language versions of the Irish "Cluain Eois", meaning "Eos's meadow".

An abbey was built at Clones by Tigernach (also known as "Tierney" in English). It was built in the early 6th century. It was dedicated to St. Peter and St. Paul. The ruins of a 12th-century abbey building can still be found in the town. There is also a sarcophagus. They say it was built for Saint Tighearnach after he died. Clones also has a 9th-century round tower and high cross.

The national inland waterways agency, Waterways Ireland, is planning to restore the Ulster Canal from the Newtownbutler area of Lough Erne to Clones.

Clones has a GAA stadium, St Tiernach's Park. This stadium is regularly used for inter-county matches during the Ulster provincial championship in Gaelic football, and traditionally hosts the final. 



Chondrophore

The chondrophores or porpitids are a small and unusual group of hydrozoans. They are the family Porpitidae.

They all live at the surface of the open ocean, and are colonies of carnivorous, free-floating hydroids. Their life-style in the plankton is similar to that of pelagic jellyfish.

The chondrophores look like a single organism but are cooperatives of polyps.

The most familiar members of the family Porpitidae are the blue button ("Porpita porpita") and the by-the-wind sailor ("Velella velella").

Chondrophores may look like a jellyfish, but they really are not. Like the siphonophores they are not a single animal. They are a colony of clones, genetically identical zooids. These zooids are small, highly modified individual polyps. Though structurally similar to other cnidarians, the zooids do not live by themselves: they are attached to each other. Each type of zooid depends for survival on the others doing what it cannot do by itself.

This kind of set-up is also found in the siphonophores: the Portuguese man o' war. They evolved independently, and are classified in different orders.

A rare soft-bodied fossil was got from Mississippian strata in northeastern Kentucky. It was interpreted as a chondrophorine float. The origin of the group was probably in the Neoproterozoic era, some 650540 million years ago.

Yvonne De Carlo

Margaret Yvonne Middleton (or Yvonne De Carlo; September 1, 1922 – January 8, 2007) was a Canadian and American actress. She originally appeared in B movies. She played Lily Munster in the CBS television program "The Munsters" in the mid-1960s. She played Sephora in the 1956 movie "The Ten Commandments". She also performed in a lot of musical stage plays.

De Carlo was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. She died in Los Angeles at eighty-four of natural causes.

Betty Hutton

Betty Hutton (February 26, 1921 – March 11, 2007) was an American actress and comedian. She became very famous in the 1940s. She starred in many movies, including "The Miracle of Morgan's Creek" in 1944 and "Incendiary Blonde" a year later. Her biggest screen role was "Annie Get Your Gun" in 1950. She stopped acting in 2000.

Hutton was born as Elizabeth June Thornburg in Battle Creek, Michigan. She died from colon cancer at eighty-six in Palm Springs, California.

Kitty Carlisle

Kitty Carlisle (September 3, 1910 – April 17, 2007) was an American actress and musician. In 1991, she received the National Medal of Arts. She began on Broadway in many operettas and musical comedies. She then worked in movies, including "Murder at the Vanities" in 1934, "She Loves Me Not" that same year, and "A Night at the Opera" in 1935. She was born Catherine Conn in New Orleans. She died in New York City, age 96.

Noah Munck

Noah Bryant Munck (born May 3, 1996 in Orange County, California) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as "Gibby Gibson" on the Nickelodeon television series "iCarly".

Noah Munck was born in Orange County, California. He began his career in advertising spots. These included Volkswagen and "Got Milk?" In spring 2007, he went in hip-hop courses with his sister. Munck acted in "iCarly" from 2007 to 2012. From the season 4, he played a main role. In 2011, he was in the movie "Bad Teacher" as Tristan.


Zelda Rubinstein

Zelda Rubinstein (28 May 1933 – 27 January 2010) was an American actress and activist for human rights and AIDS. She appeared on television programs, including "Caroline in the City", "Tales from the Crypt" and "Martin". She was also in many movies, though with minor playing roles. She was best known for her role in the movie "Poltergeist".

Rubinstein was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She died from kidney and lung problems at seventy-six in Los Angeles.

The King and I

The King and I is a two-act musical. It is based on the novel, Anna and the King of Siam by Margaret Landon. Oscar Hammerstein II wrote the musical's book and lyrics. Richard Rodgers wrote the music. The musical received the 1952 Tony Award for Best Musical.
"The King and I" opened on Broadway at the St. James Theatre on 29 March 1951, and closed on 20 March 1954 after 1246 performances. The original production starred Gertrude Lawrence and Yul Brynner. It was directed by John Van Druten, and choreographed by Jerome Robbins. Scenery and lighting were designed by Jo Mielziner. 

"The King and I" opened on the West End at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, on 8 October 1953, and closed after 926 performances. In 1956, the musical was released as a Twentieth Century Fox movie starring Yul Brynner and Deborah Kerr. 

In 1999, Warner Bros. made an Animated movie called The King and I based on the play. 


Sheba Medical Center

The Sheba Medical Center is a hospital in Israel. It is located in Tel Hashomer, part of Ramat Gan near Tel Aviv.

The medical center was established by the US Army in 1941. It operated until 1943. In 1944 the hospital was opened again by the British Army. In 1948 it was made the Israeli army medical center until 1953. It grew to become one of the biggest hospitals in Israel. It does surgery and treatments for patients from other countries.


Impact event

An impact event is a collision between objects in space. They happen regularly in planetary systems, such as our Solar System. They most often involve small objects, such as asteroids, comets or meteors. These have relatively little impact. When a large object collides with a planet like the Earth, it can have serious effects on the planet. We try to find out when one is going to hit Earth using impact prediction. Depending on the size of the object, much of the impact is reduced by the planet's atmosphere. Smaller objects explode or break apart as they enter the atmosphere. These are seen as bolides.

Impact craters, which are caused by impact events, can be seen on many of the planets and other objects in the Solar System. Some of the largest are on Mars and the Moon. These are said to be evidence of major impact events. The first time an impact event was recorded was in July 1994. A comet, Shoemaker–Levy 9, broke apart and collided with Jupiter. The collision was recorded by telescopes and satellites.

Impact events appear to have had a major effect on the how the Solar System has changed since it was formed. Major impact events have also shaped the history of the Earth, including the evolution of life. It is thought that the Chicxulub impact, which happened 66 million years ago, caused the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. There is debate over whether impacts caused any of the other extinction events throughout history. A giant impact event is thought to have produced the Moon.

Hundreds of impacts have been reported on Earth. Many happen without being seen by anyone on the ground. On average, asteroids with a diameter of impact Earth about once per year. These usually explode in the upper atmosphere, and most or all of the solids are vaporised. Asteroids with a diameter of collide with Earth every 500,000 years. Large collisions, of , happen once every twenty million years. Some much smaller asteroids have caused damage and injuries, but no human is known to have been killed directly by an impact. The Chelyabinsk meteor event in 2013 is the only impact event known to have resulted in a large number of injuries. It was about 20 metres wide. One of the most well-known impacts in modern times was the Tunguska event. This happened in Siberia in 1908. Impacts of that size are said to happen about once every thousand years.



Tripod (photography)

A tripod is a tool for balancing cameras. Without a tripod, it can be hard to keep a camera steady. A tripod is very useful when taking pictures in low light.

Hadassah Medical Center

The Hadassah Medical Center () is the largest hospital in Jerusalem. It is also one of the biggest medical centers in Israel. It was established in 1919 at 37 HaNevi'im Street in Jerusalem. In 1939, it moved to a new campus in Mount Scopus. After 1948, a new campus opened in the Ein Kerem neighborhood together with the campus of the Hebrew University including: the Faculty of Medicine, Faculty of Dentistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, School of Nursing, School of Occupational Therapy, the National Library of Medicine, and hotel with a small shopping center.


Ten Days of Repentance

The Ten Days of Repentance (, "aseret yemay teshuva)" is a time of year when Jews focus on prayer and repentance. The ten days begin with the holiday of Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year, and end with the fast of Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement.

Because of the importance of repentance, the two holidays of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur are often called the High Holy Days or High Holidays (ימים נוראים, "yamim nora'im," "Days of Awe").

Yom HaShoah

Yom HaShoah (, "Holocaust Day") is the official day for remembering the Holocaust in Israel. It is also widely observed by Jews in other countries. Its date on the Jewish calendar is 27 Nisan. (This date usually falls in April or May.) This date was chosen because it was the start of the Warsaw ghetto uprising.

Melvil Dewey

Melville Louis Kossuth (Melvil) Dewey (December 10, 1851 – December 26, 1931) was an American librarian and educator. He invented the Dewey Decimal library classification system. 

Dewey was born on December 10, 1851, in Adams Center, New York. 
He attended Alfred University in 1870 and then Amherst College. He earned a bachelor's degree in 1874 and a master's in 1877.

While still a student, he founded the Library Bureau, a company that sold index-cards and filing-cabinets used in libraries and businesses.

He developed his book classification system based on a decimal numbering system while working in the Amherst library. He published a first edition in 1876.

He was one of the founders of the American Library Association in 1876 and served for many years as editor of the Journal of the American Library Association.

In the 1880's he took a position as librarian at Columbia University Libraries, where he developed one of the first training schools for librarians.

Dewey founded the Lake Placid Club in Lake Placid, New York in 1895 as a health club and retreat. The Winter Olympics were held there, mostly led by his son Godfrey

He advocated for spelling reform for the English language. At one point he changed the spelling of his name from "Melvile" to "Melvil," removing redundant letters. He also for a brief time wrote his surname as "Dui." He also founded The Metric Bureau in 1876 to advocate for the United States to move to metric measurement.

Dewey married twice, first to Annie R. Godfrey, and then to Emily McKay Beal. He and his first wife had one child, Godfrey. 

He moved to Florida and founded Lake Placid, Florida. He died of a stroke there in 1931.

Olei Hagardom

Olei Hagardom (, meaning "those hanged in the gallows") is the name of twelve Zionist activists who was were sentenced to death in the British Mandate of Palestine. They were members of the militant groups Irgun and Lehi, who fought against Arabs and the British for an independent Israel. The Olei Hagardom included nine members of Irgun and three members of Lehi, who were executed by hanging.

A national burial site of the Olei Hagardom is located in the national military and police cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. A museum for the Olei HaGardom is located in Jerusalem and the old city of Acre. 


Jewish Parachutists of Mandate of Palestine

The Jewish Parachutists of Mandate Palestine were a group of 250 Jewish people from Mandatory Palestine who volunteered to join the British Army and fight the Nazis in Germany during World War II. A national burial site for them is located in the national military and police cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. In the grave site are three graves of famous paratroopers and four empty graves for the paratroopers that were killed in the Holocaust in the death camps.


Saskatchewan Roughriders

The Saskatchewan Roughriders are a Canadian Football League team from Regina, Saskatchewan. The team were created in 1910. They have won 4 Grey Cups, with the most recent championship coming in 2013. They play at Mosaic Stadium.


June Havoc

Ellen Evangeline Hovick (known as June Havoc; November 8, 1912 – March 28, 2010) was a Canadian-born American actress, dancer, author and a theater director. She acted in many stage plays and movies. She began on Broadway, appearing in plays including "Pal Joey". She later moved to Hollywood and began acting in movies. Her first movie was "Gentleman's Agreement". She last appeared on the television series "General Hospital" in 1990.

Havoc was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. Her sister was Gypsy Rose Lee. Their father was Norwegian-American. She died in Stamford, Connecticut at 97.

Oliver Goonetilleke

Sir Oliver Ernest Goonetilleke, GCMG, KCVO, KBE (; 20 October 1892 – 17 December 1978) became the third Governor-General of Ceylon (1954-1962). He was the first Ceylonese to hold the vice-regal post. Goonetilleke played an important role in the war of independence for Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) from Britain.

Goonetilleke was Governor-General from July 17, 1954 to March 2, 1962. He served for 8 years. The monarch during his term as Governor-General was Queen Elizabeth II.

Goonetilleke was born on October 20, 1892 in Trincomalee, Ceylon. He died on December 17, 1978 in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Goonetilleke had a wife named Esther Goonetilleke and had three children.

Herwald Ramsbotham

Herwald Ramsbotham GCMG, GCVO, OBE, MC, PC (6 March 1887 – 30 January 1971) otherwise known as "The Viscount Solabry", was a British politician. He was a government minister between 1931 and 1941 and served as the Governor-General of Ceylon between 1949 and 1954.

Machaeroides

Machaeroides ("dagger-like") was a genus of sabre-toothed creodonts which lived during the Eocene (56 to 34 mya). Its fossils were found in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is the earliest known sabre-toothed mammal. 

It looked like a small, dog-sized saber-toothed cat. "Machaeroides" had a longer skull than a cat-family animal, and it walked plantigrade, with its palms and heels on the ground, instead of on its toes like a cat or dog.

The long survival of these small animals shows that their killing method suited small cats as well as large cats.

Sally Eilers

Dorothea Sally Eilers (or just Sally Eilers; December 11, 1908 – January 5, 1978) was an American actress. She was very popular in Hollywood during the 1930s. She appeared mostly in melodramatic and comedy movies. Toward the end of the 1930s, she became less popular. Her last appearance in a movie was in 1950.

In her final years, Eilers had poor health. She was born in New York City. She died after having a heart attack at age sixty-nine in Los Angeles.

Peggy Wood

Mary Margaret Wood (also known as Peggy Wood; February 9, 1892 – March 18, 1978) was an American actress. She acted mostly in stage plays, but was also in some television series and movies. She played Mother Abbess in "The Sound of Music" in 1965. She also played Marta Hansen in the television series "Mama" between 1949 and 1957.

Wood was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She died in Stamford, Connecticut following a stroke at eighty-six.

Hamilton Tiger-Cats

The Hamilton Tiger-Cats are a Canadian Football League team in Hamilton, Ontario. They won 8 Grey Cups. They play at Tim Hortons Field in Hamilton, which opened in 2014 at the site of their former home of Ivor Wynne Stadium. The Tiger-Cats were founded in 1950 when the Hamilton Tigers, founded in 1869, merged with the Hamilton Wildcats, formed in 1941.


Maybelle Carter

Maybelle Addington (or Maybelle Carter; 10 May 1909 – 23 October 1978) was an American country musician. She was a member of the Carter Family act. She released several albums of her own. Carter was the mother of June Carter Cash, wife of Johnny Cash.

Addington was born in Nickelsville, Virginia. She died from poor health at age sixty-nine.

Stamford Bridge, East Riding of Yorkshire

Stamford Bridge is a village on the River Derwent, in the East Riding of Yorkshire, in Great Britain. It is about east of York and north of Selby. 

The village sits on an old river crossing over the Derwent river. The Romans established a fort here about 70 AD. Later a settlement of the same name was here. The Battle of Stamford Bridge was fought here on 25 September 1066. The battle marked the end of the Viking era in England.

Vivian Vance

Vivian Roberta Jones (or Vivian Vance; July 26, 1909 – August 17, 1979) was an American actress and musician. She was in lots of notable television series and movies. She played Ethel Mertz in the American sitcom "I Love Lucy". She also played Vivian Bagley in "The Lucy Show". She also had many stage performances in her career.

Vance was born in Cherryvale, Kansas. She died in Belvedere, California due to bone cancer at age seventy.

Aliyah Bet

Aliyah Bet (, "Aliyah bet") is the name of the illegal immigration to by Jews to the British Mandate of Palestine between 1934 and 1948. It is also known as Ha'apala (, meaning ascension) in Hebrew. Over 100,000 people tried to illegally enter Palestine. There were 142 voyages by 120 ships. Over half were stopped by the British patrols. Over 1,600 drowned at sea. Only a few thousand actually entered Palestine.

A national burial site for those Jews who drowned in the sea during the "Aliyah Bet" is in the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel in Mount Herzl. Other burials are in Carmel Beach cemetery in Haifa. A museum of the history of "Aliyah Bet" is in Atlit detainee camp. The central memorial for those who did the "Aliyah Bet" is in the London Garden in Tel Aviv.


Jacqueline Bisset

Jacqueline Bisset (born 13 September 1944) is an English actress. She has appeared in a lot of notable movies. She played Jackie in "Two for the Road" in 1967 (which also starred Audrey Hepburn). Bisset also played Miss Goodthighs in "Casino Royale", another 1967 movie. She has also appeared on television.

Bisset was born in Weybridge, Surrey, England. Her birth name is Winifred Jacqueline Fraser Bisset She is the daughter of Arlette Alexander, a lawyer-turned-housewife, and Max Fraser Bisset, a general practitioner. She was brought up in Reading, Berkshire, where she lived in the suburb of Tilehurst. Her father was Scottish and her mother was of French and English ancestry;

Richard Rodgers

Richard Charles Rodgers (June 28, 1902 – December 30, 1979) was an American composer. He wrote many musicals with Oscar Hammerstein II, including "Oklahoma!", "Carousel", "South Pacific", "The King and I", the television musical, "Cinderella", and "The Sound of Music".

Rodgers was the first person to win all four top show business awards: an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar, and a Tony. He also won a Pulitzer Prize. 

Rodgers was born in New York City to Dr. William Rodgers and his wife, Mamie, who were of German Jewish descent. The family enjoyed musicals and opera. At 15, Rodgers chose music as his profession. He attended Columbia University and wrote for the school's "Varsity Show".

Rodgers, Lorenz Hart, and Oscar Hammerstein II all attended Columbia University. At Columbia, Rodgers joined the Pi Lambda Phi fraternity. In 1921, Rodgers changed his studies to the Institute of Musical Art (now Juilliard). Rodgers was influenced by composers such as Victor Herbert and Jerome Kern.

Late in life, Rodgers established scholarships and other awards for students of The Juilliard School of Music, the American Theater Wing and the American Academy of Dramatic Art.

In 1919 Rodgers met Lorenz Hart. The two wrote 26 musicals together, and song standards such as "I'll Take Manhattan", "My Funny Valentine", and "Bewitched, Bothered, and Bewildered".

Their first professional production was the 1920 "Poor Little Ritz Girl". In 1925 they became well known for the song "Manhattan". The duo then wrote several hit shows for both Broadway and London. Because of the Depression in the 1930s, they went to work in Hollywood. In 1935, they returned to Broadway. They wrote an almost unbroken string of hit shows. This ended with Hart's death in 1943.

In 1942, Rodgers teamed up with Oscar Hammerstein II. They made the most successful partnership in American musical theatre history. Their first musical was the hit "Oklahoma!". The team went on to create four more of the most popular musicals to date: "Carousel" (1945), "South Pacific", "The King and I" (1951), and "The Sound of Music" (1959). All four were made into popular films.

Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals earned a total of 35 Tony Awards, 15 Academy Awards, two Pulitzer Prizes, two Grammy Awards, and two Emmy Awards.

Rodgers, Hammerstein, and Joshua Logan won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for "South Pacific". Rodgers and Hammerstein also won a special Pulitzer Prize in 1944 for "Oklahoma!".

After Hammerstein's death in 1960, Rodgers wrote both words and music for his first new Broadway project. Rodgers went on to work with lyricists Stephen Sondheim and Sheldon Harnick.

Rodgers married Dorothy Feiner in 1930. They had two daughters, Mary and Linda. Mary is the composer of "Once Upon a Mattress" and an author of children's books. Her son Adam Guettel won a Tony Awards for Best Score and Best Orchestrations for "The Light in the Piazza" in 2005.

Rodgers died in 1979. He was cremated, and his ashes scattered at sea.

Richard Rodgers is a member of the American Theatre Hall of Fame.


Vanessa Morgan

Vanessa Morgan Mziray (born March 23, 1992), known professionally as Vanessa Morgan is a Canadian actress. She acts mostly on television. She played Sarah in "My Babysitter's a Vampire" and Amanda on the Family Channel show "The Latest Buzz". Morgan was born in Ottawa, Ontario.

Aaqib Javed

Aaqib Javed (; born 5 August 1972) is a Pakistani cricketer and coach. He was a right-handed medium-fast bowler with the ability to swing the ball both ways. He played 22 Tests and 163 One Day Internationals for Pakistan between 1988 and 1998. He was educated at Islamia College in Lahore.


Eliza Bennett

Eliza Bennett (born 17 March 1992) is an English actress and singer. She has acted in many movies and television programs. She played Tora in "Nanny McPhee" in 2005. She also starred as Meggie Folchart in the movie "Inkheart". Bennett was born in Reading, Berkshire in England.

Ashley Rickards

Ashley Rickards (b. May 4, 1992) is an American actress. She has appeared in both television series and movies. She played the role of Mandy, the autistic girl, in the 2011 independent movie "Fly Away". She also played Jenna Hamilton in "Awkward" on MTV. Rickards was born in Sarasota, Florida.

Kate Upton

Katherine "Kate" Upton is an American model and actress. She was on the covers of "Cosmopolitan", "GQ", "Vogue" and "Sports Illustrated". She starred as Sister Bernice in the 2011 adaptation of "The Three Stooges" and mistress for Mr. Hightower in the movie "Tower Heist", also in 2011. She was born in St. Joseph, Michigan, but was raised in Florida.

Cinderella (musical)

Cinderella is a musical. It is based on the fairy tale, "Cendrillon, ou La petite pantoufle de vere" by Charles Perrault. Oscar Hammerstein II wrote the musical's book and lyrics. Richard Rodgers wrote the music. Musical highlights include "In My Own Little Corner", "A Lovely Night", "Do I Love You Because You're Beautiful?" and "Impossible". 

The musical was written for the CBS Network. It was televised on 31 March 1957. Julie Andrews starred as Cinderella. The musical opened on 18 December 1958 at the Coliseum in London. It was remade for television by the CBS Network, and aired on 22 February 1965 with Lesley Anne Warren as Cinderella, Stuart Damon as the Prince, Walter Pidgeon as the King, and Celeste Holm as the Godmother. "Cinderella" premiered on Broadway on 3 March 2013.


Sky Ferreira

Sky Ferreira (born July 8, 1992) is an American musician and actress. She performs indie-pop, alternative pop and folk music. 

She appeared on the Spring/Summer 2011 issue of "Vs" magazine. 

Ferreira was born in Venice Beach in Los Angeles. 

Ferreira released her first album, "Night Time, My Time" in the United States on October 29, 2013 by Capitol Records. It got good reviews from music critics. Pitchfork gave it 8.1 out of 10. On November 27 2013 "Night Time, My Time B-Sides: Part 1" was released. It has four songs.

She will tour with Miley Cyrus.

Radio program

A radio program (usually radio programme in the United Kingdom) or radio show is a segment of content intended for broadcast on radio. It may be a one-time production or part of a periodically recurring series. A single program in a series is called an episode.

Well known radio programs are "Democracy Now!" and the chart show "Ö3 Austria Top 40".

Tiffany Evans

Tiffany Evans (born 1992/1993) is an American musician. She plays pop music and rhythm and blues. She released her first studio album in April 2008. It was called "Tiffany Evans". The album was not very successful. Evans was born in New York City.

EMV

EMV is a standard protocol for credit cards and debit cards. These cards used to use a magnetic stripe to store information. This approach has two main problems: first, the amount of data that can be stored is relatively small. Such a card can store about 1024 Bits, or 128 bytes. The second problem is bigger: the data stored is not encrypted. Using a card with EMV technology, also called a "chip card" for the shiny, metallic "chip" on the front, can solve both problems: it can store much more data, and the data can be encrypted.

Payment cards that use chips have been in use since the early 1990s. Beforehand, each card issuer had their own protocol. With EMV, the protocol has been standardised. The first version of EMV was published in 1995, and there have been different versions since then. It was adopted in Europe before the United States, which required all new cards from 2015 on to have EMV chips.
Payments using EMV technology is often called "chip and PIN". This is because to use such a card to make a payment at a cash register or point-of-sale terminal, the card first needs to be inserted into a small machine called a "payment terminal" or "PIN pad", with the side where the chip is on facing up and towards the machine. Once the card is inserted, it is left there so that the terminal can read the data stored in the chip. The terminal will often ask the user to confirm the amount of the purchase or refund, choose the account in the case of a debit card, and will then require the user to enter a personal identification number (PIN). This number makes sure nobody other than the owner of the card can use it - if the wrong PIN is entered a certain number of times, the card is locked and cannot be used. Once the correct PIN is entered, the terminal will contact the bank to authorize the transaction. The bank will either "approve" (accept) the transaction, or "decline" (reject) it. Once this happens, the person removes his or her card from the terminal.


Thoroughly Modern Millie

Thoroughly Modern Millie is an American 1967 musical comedy movie. Julie Andrews stars as Millie Dillmount. Mary Tyler Moore plays the role of Miss Dorothy Brown. Carol Channing plays Muzzy Van Hossmere. The story is set in 1922 in New York City. It is about a young woman who tries to find a rich man to marry and discovers a human trafficking ring. This movie was released in March 1967. The reviews of the movie were very positive. The box office was also positive. This movie got nominations for many Academy Awards.

Detroit River

The Detroit River is a river in the Great Lakes system. The river connects Lake St. Clair to Lake Erie. It forms part of the border between Canada and the United States. It is long. It divides the cities of Detroit and Windsor. It is one of the busiest waterways in the world.

The name comes from the French "Rivière du Détroit", which means "River of the Strait".

Mill Ends Park

Mill Ends Park (sometimes called Mill's End Park) is a small urban park. It is located in the median strip of SW Naito Parkway, approaching esplanade along the Willamentte Rivera near SW Taylor Street in downtown Portland, Oregon, United States. The park is a small circle across. It has a total area of . It is the smallest park in the world. This fact was included in the "Guinness Book of Records" in 1971.

The park was dedicated on St. Patrick's Day 1948, as "the only leprechaun colony west of Ireland". It was created by Dick Fagan. In 1948 the site that would become Mill Ends Park was supposed to be the site for a light pole. The pole did not work and weeds began to grow. Fagan, writer for the "Oregon Journal", planted flowers in the hole. He named it "Mill Ends", after his column. Fagan died of cancer in 1968. It was named the official city park in 1976. The small circle has featured many unusual items since its creation. These include, a swimming pool for butterflies (complete with a diving board), a horseshoe, a piece of the "Oregon Journal" building, and a small Ferris wheel.

On St. Patrick's Day, 2001, the park was decorated with leprechauns. The park continues to be the site of St. Patrick's Day festivities. The events held there include concerts by Clan Macleay Pipe Band, picnics, and rose plantings by the Junior Rose Festival Court. In March 2013, the park's tree was stolen. Law enforcement planted a replacement tree. The next day, a passerby found the original tree lying next to the new one.


Dick Gray

Richard Benjamin Gray (July 11, 1931 – July 8, 2013) was an American baseball player. Gray was a third baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the Los Angeles Dodgers and St. Louis Cardinals.

Gray is best known as the player who hit the first home run in Los Angeles Dodgers history and the first to homer in their opening game at LA Memorial Coliseum.

Gray was born on July 11, 1931 in Jefferson, Greene County, Pennsylvania. He retired in 1993. Gray died on July 8, 2013 in Anaheim, California from heart failure, aged 81.

Concha García Campoy

Concepción García Campoy (28 October 1958 – 10 July 2013), also known as Concha García Campoy; was a Spanish radio and television journalist and personality.

Campoy was born on 28 October 1958 in Terrassa, Catalonia, Spain. She was raised in Ibiza, Spain. Campoy was divorced two times. Her first marriage was with Jaime Roig. She was also married to Lorenzo Díaz. Campoy had an affair with movie producer Andrés Vicente Gómez. She had two children. Campoy died on 10 July 2013 in Valencia, Spain from liver failure caused by leukemia, aged 54.
She was cremated and her ashes was scattered off the coast of Ibiza.

Carnegie Institution for Science

The Carnegie Institution for Science is an American research organisation founded by Andrew Carnegie. 


Carlit

Pic Carlit (; ) is a mountain of the French Pyrenees and has an elevation of above sea level.

It is the highest point of the department of Pyrénées-Orientales and of the region Languedoc-Roussillon, France.

Pic Carlit is in the nortwestern part of the Regional Natural Park of the Catalan Pyrenees (; , often shortened as "Parc del Pirineu Català").

There are many small lakes in the region around the mountain. One of them is the man-made lake of Bouillouses, which is one of the point to begin hiking to get to the top of Pic Carlit.

The source of Têt (the largest river of the department Pyrénées-Orientales) is on the northeastern side of the mountain.

The first ascent of this peak was made by Henry Russell in 1864.


Kazakh Wikipedia

The Kazakh Wikipedia is the Kazakh-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in June 2002.

It is the 33rd largest edition.

As of July 2013, it had over 202,000 articles.


Norwegian-language editions of Wikipedia

There are two Norwegian-language editions of Wikipedia: one for articles written in Bokmål or Riksmål, and one for articles written in Nynorsk. The Bokmål and Riksmål edition started in November 2001, while the Nynorsk edition started in July 2004.

The Bokmål edition is 20th and the Nynorsk is 46th largest by article count.

As of July 2014, the Bokmål and Riksmål edition has over 426,000 articles, and the Nynorsk edition has over 115,000 articles.

Until 2005, there was one Norwegian-language edition of wikipedia, that was called "Wikipedia på norsk" ("Wikipedia in Norwegian").


Haitian Creole Wikipedia

The Haitian Creole Wikipedia is the Haitian Creole-language edition of Wikipedia. It was started in August 2004. In October 2020, it had over 60,000 articles.


Henry Clay Jr.

Henry Clay, Jr. (April 10, 1811 – February 23, 1847) was an American politician and soldier. He was the son of Henry Clay. After his studies of law, he enrolled in the military. He fought in the Mexican-American War, and was killed in the Battle of Buena Vista.


Marjorie Main

Mary Tomlinson (better known as Marjorie Main; February 24, 1890 – April 10, 1975) was an American character actress. She began working on Broadway. She often played mean, domineering and condescending ladies in movies. Those movies included "Dead End", a 1937 movie, and the 1939 adaptation of "The Women". Main acted as "Ma Kettle" in later movies. Main was born in Indiana. She died in Los Angeles at age eighty-five from lung cancer.

Alice Joyce

Alice Joyce (October 1, 1890 – October 9, 1955) was an American actress. She appeared in more than two hundred movies in the 1910s and 1920s. She starred mostly in silent movies. Those included "The Green Goddess" in 1923. She was born in Kansas City, Missouri. She died resulting from heart problems at age sixty-five in Hollywood, California.

Lois Wilson

Lois Wilson (28 June 1894 – 3 March 1988) was an American actress. She appeared in silent movies. She played Molly Wingate in "The Covered Wagon" in 1923 and as Daisy Buchanan in "The Great Gatsby" in 1926. In the 1930s, she became dissatisfied with the roles she was given. She retired from acting in movies in 1941.

Wilson was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She died from pneumonia in Reno, Nevada at 93.

Kiss Me, Kate

Kiss Me, Kate is a musical. The libretto was written by Samuel and Bella Spewack. The lyrics and music were written by Cole Porter. It is based on Shakespeare's "The Taming of the Shrew". It opened on Broadway in 1948. It starred Alfred Drake and Patricia Morison. It won the first Tony Award for Best Musical in 1949. The musical opened in the West End in 1951.
The story of the musical is about the backstage conflicts, tensions, and troubles between the four stars of a musical version of "Shrew". 

A movie version of the musical was released in 1953. A television version was produced for the Hallmark Hall of Fame in 1958 starring Alfred Drake and Patricia Morison. Another television version was made for BBC Two in 1964 with Howard Keel and Morison, and a third television production was made in 1968 with Robert Goulet and Carol Lawrence. In 2003, a "Great Performances" television production starred Brent Barrett and Rachel York.

Torch Song Trilogy

Torch Song Trilogy is a trio of plays by Harvey Fierstein about a Jewish drag queen. It won the 1983 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding New Play and the 1983 Tony Award for Best Play. The play was made into a movie in 1988.

Kambiz Hosseini

Kambiz Hosseini is an Iranian television and radio presenter in New York. He is now the presenter of the political satire news show "Poletik" and also a weekly podcast on human rights in Iran called "Five in the afternoon". He made and presented the successful television show "Parazit" on the Persian Voice of America from 2009-2012. This show had 30 million viewers in the world.


Volcanic plug

A volcanic plug is a landform created when volcanic magma hardens inside a vent on an active volcano. They are sometimes called volcanic necks or "puys". The plug is revealed when surrounding land is eroded.

As it forms, a plug may cause an extreme build-up of pressure if gas-charged magma is trapped beneath it. This sometimes leads to an explosive eruption. But if the explosion does not occur, then the volcano becomes a solid block made of hard material.

The plug is usually harder than the surrounding rock. Glacial erosion can lead to exposure of the plug on one side, while a long slope of material remains on the lee side. Such landforms are called crag and tail. If a plug is preserved, erosion may remove the surrounding rock while the erosion-resistant plug remains. This is what produces the distinctive upstanding landform.


Left–right politics

Political parties are sometimes described as being either left-wing, right-wing, or center.

Left-wing politics are usually progressive, meaning that left-wing people are in favor of social change. They believe in direct intervention and the regulation of markets. 

Right-wing people believe that the government should not be behind social change, instead delegating the authority to certain individuals or groups. Definitions of "right-wing" vary; however conservatives occasionally support moves back to the way certain things were in the past (or the way people think it was in the past). 

Ideologies representative of the authoritarian wing of the far left include Marxism–Leninism, while the libertarian wing can be represented by ideologies such as anarcho-communism or libertarian socialism. The authoritarian wing of the far right is represented by fascism and/or neo-Nazism, while the libertarian wing can be represented by anarcho-capitalism.

The left and right groups get their names from the French Revolution. People in the National Assembly who wanted large changes in the French government sat on the left side of the room and people who wanted to keep the king and more tradition sat on the right side of the room and moderates sat in the middle. French newspapers started saying "left" and "right" to tell readers which member of the National Assembly thought what.

Cartoon Network (Europe)

Cartoon Network (commonly abbreviated as CN) is a British pay television channel aimed at children which airs animated programming targeting children and young aged 6 to 12. It is run by Warner Bros. Discovery EMEA for localisation strategy for international markets (such as the UK) and in conjunction with Warner Bros. Television Studios UK for the production of content and global leadership of the Cartoon Network brand.The channel primarily airs animated programming.

The channel initially launched on 17 September 1993 as a larger pan-European feed, serving the UK market along with Western and Northern Europe. In August 1999, the pan-European aspect of Cartoon Network Europe was spun-off as a new feed with an identical schedule to Cartoon Network UK (the former pan-European feed). Cartoon Network UK completely ceased being a pan-European feed on 15 October 1999 which was when it was scrambled with Videocrypt and the launch of the UK only version of TNT. The pan-European feed continued to shadow Cartoon Network UK's schedule until 2001. The pan-European feed excluded shows such as "Dragon Ball Z" and "Angela Anaconda" and were substituted, as Cartoon Network did not have the pan-European broadcasting rights to these shows, only the rights for the UK and the Netherlands.


Cartoon Network (Russian &amp; Southeastern European TV channel)

Cartoon Network Russia and Southeastern Europe is a television channel broadcast in Bulgaria, Ukraine, Russia and the Balkans. It shows cartoons. The channel was created on 1 October 2009. It replaced the Pan-European Cartoon Network in those countries where this version is broadcast. It is available in three languages: Bulgarian, Russian and English.



List of compositions by Frédéric Chopin by genre

Most of Frédéric Chopin's compositions were for solo piano. He also composed piano concertos (his concertos No. 1 and No. 2 are two of the romantic piano concerto repertoire's most often-performed pieces) as well as some other music for ensembles.

This listing uses the traditional opus numbers where they apply; other works are listed by number from the catalogues of Maurice J. E. Brown (B), Krystyna Kobylańska (KK), and Józef Michał Chomiński (A, C, D, E, P, S).


Fanciful nicknames have been given to most of Chopin's Études from time to time, although Chopin himself never used nicknames for these pieces, and none are authentic. Only about three such nicknames are widely used: Op. 10, No. 5 "Black Keys"; Op. 10, No. 12 "Revolutionary"; and Op. 25, No. 11 "Winter Wind". A number of occasionally suggested nicknames are shown below.



































Avan Jogia

Avan Tudor Jogia (born February 9, 1992 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian actor and singer. He is best known for his role as "Beck Oliver" in "Victorious".

Avan Tudor Jogia was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He also grew up there. He is of Indian and European descent. His father was born in London and comes from India. His mother has Irish, Welsh and French ancestry.

In his youth, Jogia lived in Canada, Germany and England. He went to different schools in Vancouver like the "Killarney Secondary School" and the "King George Secondary School". He got also private education. In the 10th class, he left the school to concentrate on his acting career.

He began his career in 2006 as "Danny Araujo" in the film "". In 2007 he had small roles in the series "Aliens in America". He played in the film "" in 2008 and on the Nickelodeon television movie "Spectacular!" in 2009.

From 2010-2013 he played on the Nickelodeon television series "Victorious" as "Beck Oliver". In October 2012 he got the main role on the ABC Family series "Twisted". It started in March 2013

2012-2017 Jogia and Zoey Deutch were a pair. He was also previously in a relationship with Cleopatra Coleman.

In 2023, he is currently dating American singer Halsey.

Codrin Țapu

Codrin Ștefan Țapu (born December 17, 1973) is a Romanian psychologist. He developed the hypostatic model of personality, which is a way of viewing the many sides of a person's character.

Università degli Studi Guglielmo Marconi

Università degli Studi Guglielmo Marconi () is a private university in Rome, Italy. It was started on 2004. The university has 6 specialized schools. The university's rector is Alessandra Briganti.

Boutique

A boutique is a small shopping outlet, especially one that specializes in elite and fashionable items such as clothing and jewellery. The word is French for "shop".

"Boutique" was an everyday English word in the late 1960s when, for a brief period, Swinging London was the centre of the fashion trade. Carnaby Street and the Kings Road were the focus of much media attention as the most fashionable boutiques of the era were there.

Today, boutique may refer to a specialised firm, such as a boutique investment bank or boutique law firm. The word is often used to describe small private hotels, to distinguish them from larger chains (such as Hilton Hotels). In such cases the term suggest their operation is elite and highly specialised.

In the strictest sense of the word, boutiques would be one-of-a-kind but some chains are referred to as boutiques if they specialize in particular styles.

Recently, the term "boutique" has started being applied to normally-mass-market items that are either niche or produced in intentionally small numbers at very high prices. This may be referred to as boutique manufacturing. For example, a "Time Magazine" article suggested that Nintendo could become a "boutique video-game company", producing games for niche audiences, rather than trying to compete directly with Microsoft and Sony.

Emily Meade

Emily Meade (born January 10, 1989) is an American actress. She began acting as a child. She played Ella Blake in the science fiction series "Fringe" in its third season. She played Fang and Leah in the movie "My Soul to Take" (2010). Meade also acted in other movies.

Kristin Herrera

Kristin Lisa Herrera (born 21 February 1989) is an American actress. She performs mostly on television. She played Lourdes Del Torro in "General Hospital". She played Dana Cruz in "Zoey 101". Herrera took a break from acting starting in 2008.

Herrera was born in Los Angeles.

Lauren Bennett

Lauren Bennett (born 23 June 1989) is an English singer, singer and model. She has worked with various music groups. She worked with the Paradiso Girls in the late 2000s. She began working with the Pussycat Dolls in the 2010s. She also worked with the rap group LMFAO.

Bennett was born in Kent in the United Kingdom.

Charlotte Arnold

Charlotte Arnold (b. 27 July 1989) is a Canadian actress who appears mostly on television. She starred as Sadie Hawthorne in the TV series "Naturally, Sadie". She played Holly in "Degrassi: The Next Generation".

Arnold was born in Toronto.

Elizabeth Gillies

Elizabeth Egan Gillies (born July 26, 1993 in Haworth, New Jersey) is an American actress, singer, dancer and voice actress.

Elizabeth Gillies went to Haworth Public School in her home town. After that she went to Northern Valley Regional High School at Demarest in Demarest. She has a younger brother named George.

Gillies made her Broadway debut at age 15 in the musical "13", playing the character of Lucy. She made her first television appearance in "The Black Donnellys" (2007), later starring as Jade West in the Nickelodeon series "Victorious" (2010-2013). From 2011-2014, she provided the voice of Daphne in Nickelodeon's "Winx Club", and she had a main role in the FX comedy series "Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll" (2015-2016). Since 2017, Gillies has starred as billionaire heiress and energy executive Fallon Carrington in The CW's series "Dynasty", a reboot of the 1980s series of the same name. She has also appeared in various feature and television films, including the horror film Animal (2014), the television film "Killing Daddy" (2014), the comedy film "Vacation" (2015), and the black comedy thriller film "Arizona" (2018).

Shenae Grimes

Shenae Grimes (24 October 1989) is a Canadian actress who stars in both movies and television. She played Annie Wilson in "90210" and Darcy Edwards in "Degrassi: The Next Generation". She was also a recurring guest star in "Naturally, Sadie".

Grimes was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Rebecca Schaeffer

Rebecca Schaeffer (November 6, 1967 – July 18, 1989) was an American actress. She began modeling before beginning an acting career. She starred as Patricia "Patty" Russell in the sitcom "My Sister Sam" in the late 1980s. The sitcom aired for two seasons. She played Stephanie in "The End of Innocence".

Schaeffer was born in Eugene, Oregon.

On July 18, 1989, Schaeffer was shot to death in Los Angeles, California, by an obsessed fan who had stalked her for almost three years.


Henry VI, Part 1

Henry VI, Pt. 1 is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a history play. Shakespeare's source was "Holinshed's Chronicles". The play was first performed between 1592 and 1593. It was probably first printed in the First Folio of 1623. 


Cassie Scerbo

Cassandra Lynn Scerbo (or Cassie Scerbo; March 30, 1990) is an American singer and actress.

Scerbo was born in Long Island, New York. She grew up in Parkland, Florida.

She has performed in several movies. She acted as Lauren in "Make It or Break It". She played Ursela in "Not Another Teen Movie". 

Henry VI, Part 2

Henry VI, Pt. 2 is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a history play. Shakespeare's source was "Holinshed's Chronicles". The play was first performed between 1594 and 1595. It was probably first printed in 1597. It was printed in the First Folio of 1623.


Aileen Pringle

Aileen Pringle (July 23, 1895 – December 16, 1989) was an American actress who acted in silent movies and on stage. She played The Queen in "Three Weeks" and Mrs. Eva Boutelle in the movie "True as Steel", both released in 1924.

Pringle was born in San Francisco, California. She died at ninety-four in New York City.

Henry VI, Part 3

Henry VI, Pt. 3 is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a history play. Shakespeare's source was "Holinshed's Chronicles". The play was first performed between 1592 and 1593. It was probably first printed in 1594. It was printed in the First Folio of 1623.


Tomb of the Unknown Soldier

A Tomb of the Unknown Soldier is a memorial or grave dedicated to a soldier whose dead body has not been identified.



Eli Cohen

Eliahu ben Shaoul Cohen (,
16 December 1924 – 18 May 1965) was a famous Israeli spy. He worked for the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad. He was caught and executed in Damascus, Syria. His burial place is unknown and his body was never returned to Israel despite repeated requests by his widow and his family to bring him to be buried in Israel. A memorial tomb was built for him in the Garden of the Missing Soldiers in the national military and police cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. His story of his life and his work for the Israeli secret services are documented in the International Spy Museum in Washington, D.C..

Cohen was born in Alexandria, Egypt and died at the age of 40.


John Newbery

John Newbery (9 July 1713 – 22 December 1767) was called "The Father of Children's Literature". He lived and worked in England. He was the first book publisher to print lots of books for children such as "A Little Pretty Pocket Book" and "The History Of Little Goody Two-Shoes". The Newbery Medal is named after him. He also published books for grown-ups. Some of the writers for grown-ups whose books he printed were Christopher Smart, Oliver Goldsmith, and Samuel Johnson.

John Newbery was born in 1713. His father was Robert Newbery, a farmer who lived in Waltham St Lawrence, Berkshire, England. John Newbery did not go to school. He taught himself.

When he was sixteen years old, John Newbery went to live with a printer named William Ayers. He was William Ayers's apprentice. William Ayers taught John Newbery how to be a printer. After some time, William Ayers sold his printing shop to William Carnan. William Carnan also taught John Newbery how to be a printer. In 1737 William Carnan died. When he died, he gave the printing shop to his brother Charles Carnan and also to John Newbery. They shared the shop and worked together.

Two years after William Carnan died, John Newbery married a woman named Jordan Mary. Jordan Mary was William Carnan's wife before William died. Jordan Mary and William Carnan had three children before William Carnan died. Their names were John, Thomas, and Anna-Maria. When John Newbery married Jordan Mary, he adopted her three children to be his own children. John Newbery and Jordan Mary had three new children. Their names were Mary, John, and Francis. Mary was born in 1740. John was born in 1741. He died when he was 11 years old. Francis was born in 1743.

In 1740, John Newbery worked as a printer in Reading, England. One of the first books he printed was called "The Whole Duty of Man". It was written by Richard Allestree. In 1743, John Newbery went to London to work as a printer there. He gave his printing shop in Reading to John Carnan. John Carnan was the oldest son of Jordan Mary and William Carnan.
John Newbery's first printing shop in London was at the Bible and Crown near Devereux Court. First he printed books for grown-ups. Soon he started to print books for children. The first children's book he printed was called "A Little Pretty Pocket-Book". He started printing it on July 18, 1744. It cost six pence, or English pennies. A person who bought "A Little Pretty Pocket-Book" from John Newbery could also buy a red and black toy ball from him for two more pennies. The toy ball was made of cloth and stuffed with sawdust. Children who read the book could stick pins into the ball. They stuck a pin into the red side of the ball when they were good at reading the selection. They stuck a pin into the black side of the ball when they were bad at it. This made them think about whether they were being good or bad. John Newbery thought this game with the ball would encourage the children to be more fluent when reading.

Many people liked "A Little Pretty Pocket-Book". It had a bright colored cover. It was small enough for children to carry in their pockets. It had poems and wise sayings and an alphabet song printed in it. John Newbery sold a lot of copies of "A Little Pretty Pocket Book". He printed more books for children. He sold more children's books than any other book printer who sold children's books at that time.

In 1745, John Newbery got a better printing shop. This shop was at 65 St. Paul's Churchyard. John Newbery called it the Bible and Sun. He printed books for children and grown-ups at this shop. He made so much money at this shop that he sold his old printing shop in Reading. He also made so much money that he sent his youngest son, Francis, to Oxford and to Cambridge to study there.

John Newbery printed about five hundred different books in his life. He printed about one hundred different books for children. He printed ABC books, story books, and magazines for children. He printed some books that he wrote. He also printed books that other people wrote. His most popular book was called "The History of Little Goody Two-Shoes". It told about a little girl who was always good.

John Newbery did not just sell books. He sold many things. One thing he sold was a patent medicine. It may not have been a good medicine, but John Newbery wrote about it in the books that he sold, and so people knew its name and bought it when they were sick.
When he was old, John Newbery was very rich. He used his money to help writers who did not have enough money to live on. Two of the writers that he helped were Samuel Johnson and Oliver Goldsmith. Both of these writers wrote stories about how good John Newbery was.

John Newbery died on December 22, 1767, in Islington. He is buried in Waltham St Lawrence, the same town where he was born.

The Story of Mankind

The Story of Mankind is a nonfiction book that was first published in 1921. It was the first book that ever won the Newbery Medal. It won the Newbery Medal in 1922.

"The Story of Mankind" was written by Hendrik Willem van Loon. He was an American writer and teacher. He wrote "The Story of Mankind" for his grandchildren. He thought that all children need to know about history.

"The Story of Mankind" tells how people have lived and what things people have done that made a big change in the world. It starts with cave men. It tells about many different people. The last people it tells about are the people that lived when Hendrik Willem van Loon was writing the book. That was just after World War I. At that time, lots of people wanted to make it so that there would never be another war. Hendrik Willem van Loon thought that if he taught children about history, they would not want to fight wars when they grew up.

In 1957 the Marx Brothers made a movie of "The Story of Mankind". It starred Ronald Colman. Lots of other movie stars were also in the movie. The movie is also called "The Story of Mankind".


Hendrik Willem van Loon

 He was born in Rotterdam in the Netherlands. His father was also named Hendrik Willem van Loon. His mother was named Elisabeth Johanna Hankin. In 1902, he went to the United States to study at Cornell University. He graduated from Cornell in 1905. In 1906 he married Eliza Ingersoll Bowditch. Her father was a teacher at Harvard. They had two sons, Henry Bowditch van Loon and Gerard Willem van Loon. After they got married, Hendrik and Eliza moved to Munich, Germany. Hendrik studied at the University of Munich. In 1911 he got his Ph.D. He had to write a long paper to show that he was a good enough student to get the Ph.D. The paper he wrote was called "The Fall of the Dutch Republic". In 1913 he published it as a book. During the Russian Revolution of 1905 and again at the start of World War I he worked for the Associated Press. He went to the places where soldiers were fighting each other and wrote about what the battles were like. From 1915 to 1917 he taught at Cornell University. In 1919 he was made a citizen of the United States. In 1920 he married Eliza Helen (Jimmie) Criswell. In 1927 he married Frances Goodrich Ames, a woman who wrote plays. Later he stopped being married to Frances Ames. He went back to Eliza Criswell. No one knows if they got married again. When he died in 1944, he gave his things to Eliza Criswell.

Hendrik Willem van Loon wrote lots of books. His most well-known book is "The Story of Mankind". He wrote it and also drew many pictures and maps for it. It is a history of the world written for children. "The Story of Mankind" won the first Newbery Medal in 1922. People have read "The Story of Mankind" ever since it was first printed. Hendrik's son Gerard wrote more chapters for the book after more history had happened. Later, other people wrote even more chapters. The book now has about 500 pages. Hendrik also wrote lots of other books for children and young adults.

Hendrik Willem van Loon visited Germany lots of times in the 1920s. In 1933, when the Nazis ruled Germany, they told him he could not visit Germany any more. In 1938, Hendrik wrote a book that he called "Our Battle: Being One Man's Answer to "My Battle" by Adolf Hitler". This book said why Hendrik did not like Adolf Hitler's book "Mein Kampf". ("Mein Kampf" means "My Battle" in the German language.) Franklin Delano Roosevelt liked Hendrik's book "Our Battle" very much. In 1940, Hendrik helped Roosevelt try to get to be President of the United States.

Someone once asked Hendrik Willem van Loon how to say his last name. He answered, "I still stick to the Dutch pronunciation of the double "o"—"Loon" like "loan" in 'Loan and Trust Co.' My sons will probably accept the American pronunciation. It really does not matter very much."
 These are the books that Hendrik Willem van Loon wrote. The dates show the first time each book was printed. The other names tell what publisher printed them.


Francesco Guccini, a man from Italy who writes songs, wrote a song called "Van Loon". Guccini's father loved Hendrik Willem Van Loon's books. The song is on Guccini's music album called "Signora Bovary".

The Great Quest

The Great Quest by Charles Hawes is an adventure story for children. It was a Newbery Honor book in 1922. George Varian drew the pictures. The Atlantic Monthly Press was its publisher.

The story happens in 1826. It starts in Topham, Massachusetts. Topham is not a real town. In the story, Joe Woods lives in Topham with his uncle, who is named Seth Woods. Seth Woods has a friend named Cornelius Gleazen. Cornelius is a very bad man. Cornelius makes Seth sell all his things and use the money to buy a ship. Cornelius tells Seth that they will sail the ship to Guinea in Africa and dig up a lot of gold that Cornelius has buried there. Seth takes Joe and some other men with him on the trip. But when the ship stops in Cuba, Cornelius tells Seth and Joe that he lied. He really wants to take a lot of the people who live in Guinea away from their homes and bring them back to Cuba. He will sell them to people who live in Cuba. The people from Guinea will be slaves.

Seth and Joe are very angry, but they cannot stop Cornelius. They have to go to Guinea. In Guinea, they rescue a white girl. Her father was a preacher in Guinea, but the people who lived in Guinea did not like him. Cornelius and Seth die in Guinea. Joe and the other men who were on the ship travel back home from Guinea to Massachusetts. On the way, they stop in South America. One of the men stays there. When they get home, Joe marries the white girl that he rescued in Guinea, and they live happily ever after.

Ray Combs

Raymond Neil "Ray" Combs, Jr. (April 3, 1956 – June 2, 1996) was an American comedian, actor, and television game show host. He is best known for being the host of "Family Feud" from 1988 to 1994. He was born in Hamilton, Ohio.

Combs started out as a stand-up comedian. Because of his popularity, he became the host of "Family Feud" in 1988. He hosted it on CBS and in syndication until 1994. He also hosted another game show called "Family Challenge" from 1995 to 1996.

On June 2, 1996, after problems with his marriage and finances, Combs killed himself by hanging while in Glendale Adventist Medical Center in Glendale, California.

1971 San Fernando earthquake

The 1971 San Fernando earthquake (also known as the Sylmar earthquake) happened in the early morning of February 9 in the San Gabriel Mountains. It was at the northern edge of the San Fernando Valley in southern California. The quake measured 6.6 on the Richter scale. The damage was severe near the San Fernando Valley. The quake happened at 6am Pacific Standard Time. Sixty-four people were killed by the earthquake.

Shirley Valentine (movie)

Shirley Valentine is a 1989 British romantic comedy-movie. It stars Pauline Collins. Tom Conti plays her lover. Bernard Hill plays her husband. Alison Steadman plays her friend.

It is about a Liverpool housewife whose family gives her too little attention. She travels to Greece and has an affair with a local man.

The screenplay is by Willy Russell. It is based on his 1986 one-character play of the same title.

This movie was released in August 1989 in the United States. The reviews for "Shirley Valentine" were mixed. The movie received several awards and was nominated for some Golden Globe and Academy Awards.



Charles Hawes

Charles Boardman Hawes (January 24, 1889 – July 16, 1923) was an American writer. He wrote stories about the sea. Some of the stories were true and some were not true. His best-known stories are not true; they are fictional. He died when he was 34 years old. He was the third person who won the Newbery Medal, and he was the first winner who was born in the United States. Hendrik Willem van Loon was born in the Netherlands and Hugh Lofting was born in England. The New York Times said his books were like books written by Robert Louis Stevenson, Richard Henry Dana, Jr., and Herman Melville.
Charles Boardman Hawes was born in Clifton Springs, New York. His father was named Charles T. Hawes. Charles Boardman Hawes grew up in Bangor, Maine. In 1911 he graduated from Bowdoin College. He was the editor of the student newspaper there. He studied at Harvard for one year. He worked for a magazine called "The Youth's Companion" until 1920. He was an editor for another magazine called "The Open Road for Boys" until he died in 1923. On June 1, 1916, Charles Boardman Hawes married Dorothea Cable. She lived in Northampton, Massachusetts. Her father was George W. Cable, who wrote books. Her mother was Louise S. Bartlett.

Charles Boardman Hawes had his first story book published in 1920. It was called "The Mutineers: a tale of old days at sea and of adventures in the Far East as Benjamin Lathrop set it down some sixty years ago." He had his second story book published in 1921. It was called "The Great Quest: A romance of 1826, wherein are recorded the experiences of Josiah Woods of Topham, and of those others with whom he sailed for Cuba and the Gulf of Guinea." That book was a Newbery Medal Honor Book in 1922. Honor Book means that it did not win but the judges thought that it was a good book anyway.

Charles Boardman Hawes wrote two more books before he died. One was called "Gloucester, by Land and Sea". It was a true story about Gloucester, Massachusetts, which was the town where Hawes lived. This book was published two days after he died. The other book was called "The Dark Frigate, Wherein is told the story of Philip Marsham who lived in the time of King Charles and was bred a sailor but came home to England after many hazards by sea and land and fought for the King at Newbury and lost a great inheritance and departed for Barbados by the same ship, by curious chance, in which he had long before adventured with the pirates." That book won the Newbery Medal for 1924. In 1962 "The Dark Frigate" also won the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award.
After Charles Boardman Hawes died, his publishers held a contest. A $2,000 prize was given to the best book that was like the book which Hawes wrote. The book that won was called "The Scarlet Cockerel". It was written by a farm worker named Clifford MacClellan Sublette. Hawes's publishers printed "The Scarlet Cockerel" in 1925. They also printed two other books that they had gotten from the contest.


Killing Zoe

Killing Zoe is a 1994 French-American crime drama thriller movie. The subject is incidents in Paris, including robbing banks. The robbery at one Paris bank goes wrong. The police get involved and kill all except one of the robbers.

This movie was released in August 1994 in the United States. The movie received mixed reviews from the critics.

Four Rooms

Four Rooms is a 1995 American comedy movie set in a hotel on New Year's Eve.

It has four different stories:

The cast includes Tim Roth, Jennifer Beals, Madonna, Marisa Tomei, Antonio Banderas, Quentin Tarantino, and others.

"Four Rooms" got negative reviews from the critics. However, the movie earned back just beyond its actual budget.

Têt (river)

The Têt () is the largest river in Roussillon, southeastern France. The valley formed by the river, the "Valley of the Têt" (), was named as Region of Art and History () by the French Ministry of Culture and Communication.

The Têt river is . Its source is on the northeastern side of Pic Carlit at an elevation of , in the municipality of Angoustrine-Villeneuve-des-Escaldes.

It crosses the Pyrénées-Orientales "département" (Northern Catalonia) from West to East and ends in the Mediterranean Sea, near Perpignan ().

The Têt has 43 tributaries; some of them are:
Some towns and cities found along the river, with the Catalan name in parentheses, are:


Cedric the Forester

Cedric the Forester is a long story for children and young adults. It was written by Bernard Marshall. It was a Newbery Medal Honor Book in 1922.

Dickon Mountjoy tells the story. He is a Norman boy who lives in a castle in England in the 13th century. His best friend is Cedric, a boy who lives in a cottage in the forest. Cedric is very good at shooting with a bow and arrow. Dickon and Cedric grow up together and have many adventures. In the end, they help to get King John of England to sign the Magna Carta.

Bernard Marshall

Bernard Gay Marshall (August 23, 1875 - December 14, 1945) was an American writer. He wrote long stories about people who lived in the past. His stories were for children and young adults. One of his stories, "Cedric the Forester", was a Newbery Medal Honor Book in 1922.
Bernard Gay Marshall was born in North Easton, Massachusetts. His father was named Francis F. Marshall. His mother was named Helen F. Doten Marshall. He lived in North Easton until he grew up. He always wanted to be a writer who made up stories. He did not think he could earn much money by making up stories, so he worked at other jobs. Some of those jobs were playing music, writing down the words that people said when they talked about the law, and writing to tell people about how machines worked or about things that they could buy. During World War I he worked at making ships. In July 1903, Bernard Gay Marshall married Ida M. Conklin. They had one daughter. Her name was Harriet C. Marshall.
Bernard Gay Marshall wrote five adventure stories for children and young adults. He also wrote a lot of short stories and nonfiction articles for magazines. Some of these magazines were "Sunset", "Boys' Life", "St Nicholas", "Munsey's Magazine", "The American Magazine", and "The American Boy".
His first book, "Cedric the Forester", was made a Newbery Medal Honor Book in 1922. Some people said that Bernard Marshall's books were as good as Sir Walter Scott's books, but other people said they were not quite that good. A lot of people said that his books were so good that grown-ups and children should all read them.
All of these books were published by D. Appleton, and the pictures were drawn by J. Scott Williams.

The Old Tobacco Shop

The Old Tobacco Shop: A True Account of What Befell a Little Boy in Search of Adventure is a book for children by William Bowen. It is a fantasy story. It was published by Macmillan in 1921. Reginald Birch drew the pictures. It was made a Newbery Medal Honor Book in 1922.
Freddie is five years old. He makes friends with Mr Toby Littleback, who owns a tobacco shop. Mr Toby lives with his Aunt Amanda. He also has a wooden statue named Mr Punch. The statue stands in front of Mr Toby's shop. One day, Freddie smokes some magic tobacco, which makes all the people in the tobacco shop go away on a magical adventure. At the end of the adventure, Freddie wakes up and finds that the story was all a dream. The magic tobacco made him fall asleep and dream about adventures.

Julia Ward Howe

Julia Ward Howe (27 May 1819 – 17 October 1910) was an American social activist, abolitionist and poet. She wrote several books and works of poetry. Her first book was an anonymous work of poetry that came out in 1854. It was titled "Passion-Flowers". In November 1861 she wrote the song "The Battle Hymn of the Republic". Howe also focused on women's suffrage and pacifism. Howe was born in New York. She died from pneumonia at age ninety-one in Rhode Island.

<br>

Anna Brownell Jameson

Anna Brownell Jameson (May 17, 1794 – March 17, 1860) was an English author. She wrote several books. She wrote "Characteristics of Women" in 1832. In 1842 she wrote "Companion to the Private Galleries".

Jameson was born in Dublin, Ireland. She died in 1860, age 65.

Carolyn Jones

Carolyn Sue Jones (April 28, 1930 – August 3, 1983) was an American actress. She performed in movies and television series. She began her career in the early 1950s. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1957. She was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award in 1959. Beginning in 1964, she played Morticia Addams in the television show "The Addams Family".

Jones was born in Amarillo, Texas. She died near Hollywood, California due to colon cancer at the age of 53.

Missing in action

Missing in action (MIA) refers to a soldier who is reported to have gone missing during active service. The soldier may have been killed, injured, captured or deserted. It is not known what happened to them. If they are dead, neither their body nor grave can be found or identified. Going missing in action has been a risk for people in armed forces for as long as there has been war.

According to the US Dept of Defense as of December 30, 2021:

According to official US Department of Army and Department of Navy casualty records, submitted to Congress in 1946 and updated in 1953, the combined possible total of missing service personnel worldwide is closer to approximately 6600 and probably considerably fewer. Since DPAA alone designates such WWII personnel as the crew of the USS Arizona and most of that of USS Oklahoma as both "missing" and "unaccounted-for" it is possible that DPAA records keeping may be somewhat idiosyncratic.

According to the US Dept of Defense as of December 30,2021: Total of MIA US Servicemen: 7,550 

According to the US Dept of Defense as of December 30,2021: Total of MIA US Servicemen/Civilians: 1,584

According to the US Dept of Defense as of December 30, 2021:
Total of MIA Servicemen: 126

As of December 30,2021 Total US MIAS World War II to present: 81,616 



Sarah Roemer

Sarah Roemer (born August 28, 1984) is an American model and actress. She acts mostly in independent movies. She played Lacey Kimble in "The Grudge 2", a 2006 movie. She played Ashley Carlson the following year in "Disturbia". She also acted as Leila Buchanan in the NBC series "The Event". Roemer was born in San Diego, California.

In 2015, Roemer married actor and model Chad Michael Murray.

Christy Carlson Romano

Christy Carlson Romano (born March 20, 1976) is an American actress and musician. She recorded songs for Disney-related movies. She was the voice for the title character in the show "Kim Possible". She also played a trick-or-treat child in "Everyone Says I Love You" in 1988. Carlson Romano was born in Connecticut.

Haemolymph

Haemolymph (hemolymph) is a blood-like fluid in the circulatory system of insects and other Arthropods (spiders and crustaceans). Molluscs also have a similar circulatory system.

Insects and their relatives use a molecule called haemocyanin, which does the same job as haemoglobin does in vertebrates. Haemocyanin has a greenish colour, not red. The insect circulatory system has no veins or arteries. Their haemolymph moves around in the space called the haemocoel. The organs sit in the haemocoel and are bathed in the haemolymph. The 'heart' is little more than a single tube which pulses (squeezes).

The Golden Fleece and the Heroes Who Lived Before Achilles

The Golden Fleece and the Heroes Who Lived Before Achilles is a children's book. It was written by Padraic Colum. Willy Pogany drew the pictures. This book uses English words to tell a lot of stories that were told in the Greek language before. The stories are very old. This book was published in 1921. In 1922, it was made a Newbery Medal Honor Book.
This book tells about a young man named Jason who went on an adventure far away from home. He was looking for the Golden Fleece. He took fifty friends with him. His friends were the strongest and bravest people in the world. They were called the Argonauts, because they sailed in a ship called Argo. One of his friends, Orpheus, was the best singer and music maker in the world. In this book, while Jason and his friends look for the Golden Fleece, Orpheus tells them a lot of other stories about places they go and people they meet. Of all the stories in the book, the ones that are not the main story about Jason go in this order:

After Jason gets the Golden Fleece, he hears that if he goes home right away his wicked uncle will kill him. So he and his fifty friends go and have other adventures instead. These are those adventures:

Finally it is safe for Jason to go back home. He goes home and lives happily ever after, and teaches younger people to have adventures.


Anna Nalick

Anna Nalick (born March 30, 1984) is an American singer and songwriter. Her first hit song, "Breathe (2AM)", was released in April 2005. She released the album "Broken Doll & Odds & Ends" in June 2011. Nalick was born in California.

June Marlowe

June Marlowe (November 6, 1903 – March 10, 1984) was an American actress. She worked a lot in the 1920s. She played schoolteacher Miss Crabtree in six of the "Our Gang" children's comedies. Those movies included "Teacher's Pet", "School's Out" and "Love Business". Marlowe was born in St. Cloud, Minnesota. She died from Parkinson's disease at the age of 80.

Blackjack Mulligan

Robert Jack Windham (born November 26, 1942 in Sweetwater, Texas - April 7, 2016) better known by his ring name, Blackjack Mulligan, was a retired American professional wrestler, author and former American football player.

Before he started his professional wrestling career, Windham played football at Texas Western College, which is now known as the University of Texas at El Paso. He then left UTEP to play the pre-season for the New York Jets of the National Football League.

Wahoo McDaniel told Windham to train for professional wrestling and he trained with Verne Gagne. He would later join the American Wrestling Association and moved to the World Wide Wrestling Federation.

During his time in the WWWF, Windham became a villain called Blackjack Mulligan. Windham would later team with Jack Lanza which he formed the tag team, The Blackjacks with. He won the NWA American Tag Team Championship, NWA Texas Tag Team Championship, WWA World Tag Team Championship and the WWWF World Tag Team Championship during his time in The Blackjacks.

He also wrestled as a singles competitor and once competed for the WWWF Championship against Pedro Morales in Boston. During the match, Morales slashed Windham across his leg and arm with a knife. The wound became infected but Windham recovered.

He also teamed with André the Giant and Bill Eadie in the wrestling stable, The Machines.

Bobby "The Brain" Heenan inducted The Blackjacks into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2006.

He is part of the Windham wrestling family and is the father of wrestlers Barry and Kendall Windham, the father-in-law of Mike Rotundo, and the grandfather of Bray Wyatt and Bo Dallas.

Windham held many championships during his professional wrestling career:



Românii au talent

Românii au talent () is a TV show which started on 18 February 2011. The project is a franchise of Got Talent, developed by Simco Limited. The hosts of the show are Smiley and Pavel Bartoş. The judges are the Romanian singer Andra, Pro TV star and presenter Andi Moisescu and a well known Romanian dancer, Mihai Petre. It started on the a Romanian TV channel, ProTV. 

Cessna 188

The Cessna 188 is a single-engine agricultural aircraft. It was designed and built in USA between 1966 and 1983. It is used for crop dusting. More than 3900 examples were built.

Soufrière Hills

The Soufrière Hills volcano is an active stratovolcano on the Caribbean island of Montserrat. After being dormant for a long time, it became active in 1995. It has been active since then. Because of its eruptions, no one can live on the south half of Montserrat. The capital city, Plymouth, was destroyed. About two thirds of the population had to leave Montserrat. It had been showing signs of erupting for a long time before it did. When it did erupt, 19 out of the 23 people that remained burned to death because of the pyroclastic flow which was . 

Bombardier CL-415

The Bombardier CL-415 is a modernized variant of the famous Canadair CL-215. It's a twin-turboprops amphibious aircraft used for water bombing. Some are used for maritime patrol.

It is used in Canada, Croatia, France, Greece, Italy, Malaysia, Morocco, Spain, and the USA.

Luxor Obelisk

The Luxor Obelisk is an Egyptian obelisk offered to Napoleon Bonaparte by Muhammad Ali Pasha. It was moved to Paris in 1830. It is currently installed in the center of the famous Place de la Concorde in Paris. It is sometimes also named Concorde Obelisk. It is 23 meters tall and weighs of 234 metric tons. It is built in Syenite.

PVP

The PVP for "Petit Véhicule Protégé" () is a light military car designed and built in France by Panhard. It is a four-wheel drive car. It is used by the French Army for reconnaissance. In 2013 the other countries that use it are Chile, Romania, and Togo. In France this vehicle will replace Peugeot P4.

Sowerby family

The Sowerby family was a British family of four generations of naturalists, illustrators, botanists, and zoologists. 


Most of their work was on molluscs and their systematics. Together, they introduced many taxonomic names (sometimes the number 5000 is mentioned). 

All three of the G.B Sowerbys published extensively on the subject of conchology, which is the collection and study of shells. Even for professional taxonomists it is difficult to know which of the three "G.B. Sowerbys" is meant in a particular citation. The numbering system G.B. Sowerby I, II, or III helps. "Sowerby, 1870" can refer to either G.B. Sowerby II or G.B. Sowerby III.


Craig Robinson (basketball)

Craig Malcolm Robinson (born April 21, 1962) is an American college basketball coach, basketball executive, and broadcaster. He is a former head men's basketball coach at Oregon State University. His sister is the former U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama. In the 1983 NBA Draft, Robinson was drafted by the Philadelphia 76ers.


Ann Little

Mary Brooks (better known as Ann Little; born February 7, 1891 – died May 21, 1984) was an American actress. She acted mostly in Westerns. She acted mostly in silent movies. Besides Westerns, she acted in some comedies and dramas. She retired from performing in movies while still popular in 1932.

Brooks was born in California. She died in Los Angeles at ninety-three.

Peyton Place (novel)

Peyton Place is a novel by Grace Metalious. It was published in 1956. It is a "tell-all" book about the secrets of a small town in New England. It sold more than 100,000 copies in its first month of release. The book was the basis for a movie of the same name starring Lana Turner, and a 1965 prime time television soap opera starring Mia Farrow and Dorothy Malone.


Eva Hesse

Eva Hesse (January 11, 1936 – May 29, 1970) was a German-born and American-raised sculptor and painter. Her career was short. She worked with fiberglass and plastics. She also sculpted with other materials. Hesse was born near Hamburg, Germany. She moved to New York City.

Hesse died in 1970 from a brain tumor diagnosed the previous year.

James Sowerby

James Sowerby (21 March 1757 – 25 October 1822) was an English naturalist and illustrator. He did the illustration for many published works. "English Botany" and "A Specimen of the Botany of New Holland" were especially noteworthy.

Sowerby was the start of a family business which was carried on for several generations. The Sowerby family became a dynasty of illustrators and natural historians. They lived and worked in the London of the late 18th and the 19th centuries.

James Sowerby first worked with William Curtis, whose "Flora Londinensis" he illustrated. Early volumes of the first British botany journal," The Botanical Magazine" (edited by Curtis), contained seventy of his illustrations.

In 1790, he began the first of several huge projects: a 36-volume work on "English Botany" which was published over the next 24 years. It contained 2592 hand-colored engravings and became known as "Sowerby's Botany". 

A huge number of plants got their first formal publication here. The text, unattributed, was written by James Edward Smith. Sowerby set out to supplement "English Botany" with his own text and descriptions of "Coloured figures of English fungi or mushrooms", 4 vols. 

"A Specimen of the Botany of New Holland" was written by James Edward Smith and illustrated by James Sowerby. It was the first monograph on the flora of Australia. It was intended to meet "the general interest in, and propagation of, the flowering species of the new antipodean colonies". Sowerby's own hand coloured engravings, based upon original sketches and specimens brought to England, were both descriptive and striking.

Sowerby's detailed and appealing plates in vivid colour and readable texts were intended to reach a growing readership interested in natural history.

Bo (dog)

Bo (October 9, 2008 – May 8, 2021) was a pet dog of the Obama family, the former First Family of the United States. Bo was a neutered male Portuguese Water Dog.

Barack Obama and his family were given the dog as a gift after months of speculation about the breed and identity of their future pet. The final choice was made partly because Malia Obama's allergies made a hypoallergenic breed necessary.

Bo was occasionally given the title "First Dog of the United States of America". In August 2013, Bo was joined by Sunny, a female dog of the same breed.

The Obamas originally wanted to adopt a dog from an animal shelter, but made no promises. In the summer of 2008, Best Friends Animal Society, an animal welfare organization, gathered 50,000 signatures on a petition asking the family to adopt a shelter animal.

Bo is a gift through a breeder and is not a shelter dog. Dog expert Cesar Milan said Bo was part of a larger group known as "rescue dogs". He was unsuccessful in his first home when plans for him to be friends with an older female dog did not go well. The Obamas pledged a donation to the DC Humane Society in a show of support for shelter dogs.

Some animal welfare supporters criticized The White House for not adopting a shelter dog. The Humane Society of the United States released a statement thanking the Obamas "for taking in a second-chance dog," but also discouraged going through breeders.

Bo died of cancer on May 8, 2021 at the Obama residence in Washington, D.C., at the age of 12.


Marian Shields Robinson

Marian Lois Robinson (née Shields; July 30, 1937) is the mother of Michelle Obama and mother-in-law of President Barack Obama. She is the only living grandparent of Malia and Sasha Obama. She also has one granddaughter, Leslie Robinson, and two grandsons, Avery and Austin Robinson, from her son, Craig Robinson.

According to her youngest brother Steve Shields, Robinson was the fourth of seven children—five girls, followed by two boys. Her father was a house painter and her mother was a licensed practical nurse.

Robinson married Fraser Robinson on October 27, 1960. She is now a widow. In addition to their daughter Michelle, they also had a son, Craig. Craig is the current coach of the Oregon State University men's basketball team. Robinson was formerly a secretary for mail-order retailer Spiegel and at a bank. While Michelle and Barack Obama campaigned in 2008, Robinson cared for her granddaughters. Early in January 2009, it was reported that Robinson would move into the White House with the rest of the First Family (the president's family), so that she could continue to care for her granddaughters. She was the first grandmother to live in the White House since Elivera M. Doud during the Eisenhower administration. Some news agencies have called Robinson the "First Granny."


William Riley Dunham

William Riley Dunham (1856–1921) wan an American politician. He was a member of the Indiana General Assembly from 1913 to 1915. He represented Hamilton and Tipton counties. An issue of the "Kempton Courier" in 1912 called Dunham "the man known by name by more men, women and children than any other one man in Tipton County". 


Stanley Armour Dunham

Stanley Armour Dunham (March 23, 1918 – February 8, 1992) was the maternal grandfather of U.S. President Barack Obama. He and his wife Madelyn Payne Dunham raised Obama from the age of 10 in Honolulu, Hawaii.


Citroën H

The Citroën H is a van designed and built by French company Citroën from 1948 to 1981. It is also used as minibus.

Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball

The Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for the University of Kentucky. The team plays in Division I of the NCAA. As of 2023, Kentucky is the most successful NCAA Division I basketball team. The team has the highest percentage of wins in NCAA Division I. 

The following is a list of Kentucky's 8 National Championships:

Turntable ladder

A turntable ladder is a kind of ladder attached to a fire truck. It's generally a truck with a mobile ladder that can be raised to a higher location to attack a fire at height.. Some have a cradle.

Nakhchivan

Nakhchivan or Nakhichivan may refer to:

Blue blanquillo

The blue blanquillo ("Malacanthus latovittatus", also known as the banded blanquillo, striped blanquillo, false whiting, sand tilefish or eye of the sea) is a species of tilefish. It is one of the many members of the family Malacanthidae. It is the only species within the genus "Malacanthus".

Fish from the family Malacanthidae have streamlined bodies and large crests on their head. They have relatively long dorsal fins and anal fins. The blue blanquillo gets its name from its mainly blue colour. It also has some shades of yellow, and can change colour in different situations. On their backs, there is a set of stripes that run across its body. Their belly is white. The colour of the head changes from a light blue to a pinkish mix during spawning season.

Blue blanquillo fish are usually found in the Indo-Pacific area. They live anywhere from the Red Sea to the Line Islands, north to southern Japan and south to New Caledonia and the Cook Islands. They are often seen in areas around coral reefs near the sea floor.

"Malacanthus latovittatus" does not swim in groups. They are often found swimming alone or two together. They are known to clean other fish. They also mimic the wrasse to stop predators from eating it.

The fish can swim at depths of . The temperatures of the water it swims in normally range from . They tend to swim high above the floor of the sea. This is so that they can pick prey from the ground with their eyesight, which is very good.

The blue blanquillo's main staple are the invertebrates or zooplankton that live near the bottom of the sea. They also eat crustaceans such as crabs and shrimp, molluscs, worms, sea urchins and small fish. Their common predators are reef sharks, and other larger fish. They are also eaten by humans.

Miomantinae

Miomantinae is a subfamily of mantids. The species look and behave similar to other insects of the Mantidea family. It includes 2 tribes: Miomantini and Rivetinini.

There are about 28 subfamilies of this species in Australia. They mainly live in temperate regions across the country. They are also found across temperate areas of New Zealand. 

The only species of this subfamily present in Italy are "Geomantis larvoides" and "Rivetina Baetica". 

Tribes ** Miomantini
Tribes ** Rivetinini

Australia's Next Top Model (season 4)

Australia's Next Top Model, Cycle 4 is the fourth cycle of Australia's Next Top Model. This cycle includes 13 contestants. The winner was 16-year-old Demelza Reveley from Wollongong.


Alan Whicker

Alan Donald Whicker (4 August 1921 – 12 July 2013) was a British journalist and television presenter. He was born to British parents in Cairo, Egypt. At age three he moved to Richmond, Surrey. He presented "Whicker's World" for 29 years. He died of bronchopneumonia at his home in Jersey, Channel Islands.


Leon Thomas III

Leon Thomas III (born August 1, 1993 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for his role as "André Harris" on the Nickelodeon television series "Victorious".

At 10 years old, Thomas appeared on stage for the first time. He played young Simba in the Broadway musical "The Lion King". In 2004 he played Jackie Thibodeaux in the Broadway play "Caroline, or Change". He played Arthur in the movie "August Rush". From 2010-2013 he played André Harris on the Nickelodeon television series "Victorious". He was also in the crossover between "Victorious" and "iCarly". He had also other small roles like Harper in "iCarly", "Just Jordan" and "Jack's Big Music Show".

Adrienne Rich

Adrienne Cecile Rich (May 16, 1929 – March 27, 2012) was an American poet, essayist and feminist. She received credit for bringing attention to the oppression of women and lesbians. She wrote many fiction and non-fiction books and many poetry. Her most controversial work was "Of Woman Born: Motherhood and Institution" in 1976. In 1986 Rich's 1980 essay "Compulsory Heterosexuality and Lesbian Existence" against heterosexuality forced by society was published. In 1974 she won National Book Award.

Rich was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She died from rheumatoid arthritis in Santa Cruz, California at age eighty-two. At the time Rich lived with her partner Michelle Cliff.


Rachel

Rachel [ rey-ch"uh"l ] is a female given name. It is a popular name in English. Rachel is an exquisite and ageless moniker that has held its popularity for centuries. It is a name that has graced numerous cultures and boasts a fascinating backstory. The name Rachel derives from Hebrew roots and translates to "ewe" or "female sheep." In biblical times, Rachel was the devoted spouse of Jacob and the mother of Joseph and Benjamin. Renowned for her grace and benevolence, she was also celebrated for her exceptional beauty. This name was ranked #239 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Padraic Colum

Pádraic Colum (8 December 1881 – 11 January 1972) was an Irish writer. He wrote poetry, long made-up stories, plays, true stories about the lives of people who made big changes in the world, and stories for children. He also wrote down stories other people told, if the stories were so old that nobody knew who told them the very first time. He was one of the Irish writers who were part of the Irish Literary Revival. This was a time when many very good Irish writers all wrote lots of stories and poems that were full of big important thoughts. It happened near the end of the 19th century and near the start of the 20th century.

Padraic Colum was born in County Longford, Ireland. When he was born, his name was Patrick Collumb. He changed it later. He was born in a place where poor people could live if they did not have homes of their own. He was born there because his father worked there. His father's name was also Patrick Collumb. His mother's name was Susan Collumb. Patrick and Susan Collumb had seven more children after they had Padraic Colum.

In 1889, Patrick Collumb lost his job at the place where poor people could live. He left Ireland. He did not take Susan and Padraic and his other children with him. He went to Pike's Peak, a mountain which is in Colorado in the United States. He looked for gold there. Lots of other people also went to Pike's Peak to look for gold. Patrick Collumb did not find much gold. In 1892, he came back to Ireland. He got a job at a place where trains stopped. This job was at Glasthule, Ireland, which is near Dublin. Padraic went to school in Dublin. In 1897, Susan Collumb died. Most of the family left Dublin. They moved back to Longford. Padraic did not go to Longford. He kept going to school in Dublin. One of his brothers also went to school in Dublin.

When Padraic Colum was seventeen years old, he finished going to school. He got a job writing down where many trains went and what they carried to each place. He worked at this job until 1903. While Padraic worked at this job, he also started to write stories. Padraic read a lot of books about Ireland at the National Library of Ireland. Padraic made friends with a writer called James Joyce at the library. Padraic Colum and James Joyce were always friends after that. Padraic was also friends with a man called Herbert Hughes. Herbert studied music. Herbert and Padraic talked to a lot of people who knew old folk songs that people in Ireland had sung for many years. Herbert and Padraic wrote down the songs. Herbert wrote down the music and Padraic wrote down the words. Some of the songs were in the Irish language, so Padraic wrote English words for them. He did this so that more people would sing them. An American man named Thomas Kelly gave Padraic money to go to school some more. Padraic went to school for five years at University College Dublin with this money.

At that time, most Irish people could not speak the Irish language. Padraic joined a group of people who wanted more Irish people to learn how to speak the Irish language. They called themselves the Gaelic League, because the name of the Irish language is "Gaelic".

Padraic wrote his first play in 1903. He called it "Broken Soil". Later he changed some of the words in the play. He called the changed play "The Fiddler's House". A group of actors who called themselves W. G. Fay's Irish National Dramatic Company acted out this play. In 1905 Padraic wrote a play called "The Land". The same group of actors acted out that play. Many people said that the actors and the play were very good. Later, these actors were part of the Abbey Theatre. This was a place where Irish people who wrote plays could have their plays acted out. At that time, many people did not think that Irish people could write very well. The Abbey Theatre helped to show these people that Irish people could write good plays. Padraic helped to run the Abbey Theatre.

Padraic wrote a play called "The Saxon Shillin"'. This play said that Irish people should not fight in the English army. At the time Padraic wrote the play, England ruled Ireland, and Padraic did not like that. The Gaelic League gave Padraic a prize because they liked that play. Padraic also wrote other plays. The Abbey Theatre showed some of Padraic's plays. One of those plays was called "Thomas Muskerry". Padraic wrote it in 1910.

Padraic had a friend called Arthur Griffith. Arthur Griffith was the leader of Sinn Fein. Sinn Fein was a political group. The people in Sinn Fein did not want England to rule Ireland any more. Arthur Griffith printed a newspaper that said why he thought England should not rule Ireland. This newspaper was called "The United Irishman". Padraic wrote poems that Arthur Griffith printed in his newspaper. One of Padraic's poems was called "The Poor Scholar". William Butler Yeats liked this poem very much. Yeats was an Irish writer. Many people said he was the best Irish writer who was alive at that time. William Butler Yeats was friends with Padraic Colum. Padraic also met Lady Gregory, who was another Irish writer that many people liked. In 1907, the Abbey Theatre showed a play called "The Playboy of the Western World". Padraic Colum and Arthur Griffith and some other people thought this play said bad things about Irish people. They did not want the play to be shown. They got very angry and started a riot. After the riot, Padraic Colum and W.B. Yeats were not friends any more.

In 1908, a publisher called J.M. Dent and Company started to print new copies of good books that they thought everybody should read. One of the books that they printed was written by Edgar Allan Poe. It was called "Tales of Mystery and Imagination". Padraic Colum got to write about why Edgar Allan Poe was a good writer and why everybody should read Poe's stories. This introduction that Padraic wrote was printed in the front of the new books.

In 1911, Padraic started to print a newspaper. He called his newspaper "The Irish Review". Three of his friends helped him run the newspaper. These friends were called Mary Gunning Maguire, David Houston, and Thomas MacDonagh. Padraic had met Mary Gunning Maguire at college. The newspaper printed things that were written by many very good Irish writers. Some of these writers were W.B. Yeats, George Moore, and Oliver St John Gogarty.

In 1912, Padraic Colum and Mary Gunning Maguire got married. Mary worked at a school which Padraig Pearse started. Padraig Pearse was a member of the Gaelic League. He was a friend of Padraic and Mary. Padraig Pearse's school was called Scoil Éanna. It was in Rathfarnam, County Dublin. Padraic and Mary lived in Donnybrook. Donnybrook is part of Dublin. Every Tuesday, Padraic and Mary asked lots of good writers to come to their house and talk to each other about writing. Later, Padraic and Mary moved to Howth. Howth was a very small town or village near Dublin. Most of the people who lived in Howth worked at catching fish. In 1914, Padraic and Mary moved to the United States of America. They thought they would stay for two or three months. They stayed in the United States for eight years.
While he was living in America, Padraic Colum started writing books for children. First he took an old story that was written in the Irish language and put it into English words. He did this because he did not want to forget the Irish language. He had this story published in the "New York Tribune". A man named Willy Pógany read the story and told Padraic he should make it into a long book. Willy Pógany was born in Hungary. His job was drawing pictures. Willy Pógany told Padraic that if Padraic wrote a book, Willy Pógany would draw the pictures. Padraic wrote the book, and Willy drew the pictures. The book was called "The King of Ireland's Son". It was published in 1916.

Padraic wrote more books for children. The Macmillan Publishing Company told him that if he would write books for them to print, they would pay him lots of money. Then Padraic would always have enough money to live on. Padraic said yes. Three of the books Padraic wrote for children were made Newbery Medal Honor Books. That meant that some people who had studied children's books thought that those were very good books for children to read. Those three books were called "The Golden Fleece and the Heroes Who Lived Before Achilles", "", and "". "The Golden Fleece..." was first printed in 1921, and was made a Newbery Honor Book in 1922. "The Voyagers" was first printed in 1925, and was made a Newbery Honor Book in 1926. "The Big Tree of Bunlahy" was first printed in 1933, and was made a Newbery Honor Book in 1934.

Many of the books that Padraic wrote for children were stories that other people had told before. Padraic put the stories into English words. These stories came from many places. Padraic used stories that came from Ireland, Greece, Norway, and even Hawaii. Padraic wrote three books of stories from Hawaii. Much later, on May 23, 2011, Barack Obama, who was the President of the United States, visited Ireland. The Prime Minister of Ireland, whose name was Enda Kenny, gave him copies of those three books. The copies that Enda Kenny gave to Barack Obama were some of the first copies of those books that had ever been printed.

Padraic Colum also wrote long books for grown-up people. Two of those books are called "Castle Conquer" and "The Flying Swans". From 1930 to 1933, Padraic and Mary Colum lived in France. Padraic's good friend James Joyce also lived in France at that time. Padraic and James liked visiting each other in France. Padraic helped James to write down some parts of James's big book that he called "Finnegans Wake". In 1933, Padraic and Mary moved to New York City. They taught some lessons at Columbia University and at the City College of New York. Padraic wrote 61 books in his life. He also wrote many plays. He wrote some of his plays in ways that made them sound like Noh plays. Noh plays are a special kind of play. Noh plays were first shown in Japan.

Mary and Padraic Colum started writing a book that they called "Our Friend James Joyce". In 1957, before the book was done, Mary Colum died. Padraic finished the book by himself. It was published in 1958. When he was an old man, Padraic did not live in one place. He lived in the United States for part of the time and in Ireland for part of the time. In 1961 he got a Regina Medal from the Catholic Library Association. This medal meant that Padraic had written a lot of books for children. It also meant that the people who gave him the medal liked Padraic's books. Padraic Colum died in Enfield, Connecticut, when he was 90 years old. He was buried in Ireland, in St Fintan's Cemetery, Sutton. Sutton is a part of Dublin.
Someone once asked Padraic Colum how to say his name. He said, "In my first name, the first "a" has the sound of "au"." His first name should be said "pau'drig". He said that his last name is just like the English word "column".


Richmond, London

Richmond is a wealthy town on the Thames in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames in south-west London. Richmond's postcodes are TW9 and TW10. About 25,000 people live in the town.

The A305, A307, A316, B321, B322 and B353 roads pass through Richmond.

Richmond has a station called Richmond station.

There are South Western Railway, District line and Overground trains.

Joan

Joan [ john ] is a female given name in the English language. The name is the feminine form of "John". Joan is a name that has been well-liked for many years. It's a name that's been embraced by various societies and holds diverse connotations depending on its origin. The name Joan comes from the Hebrew name Yochanan, which signifies "God is gracious." Moreover, it's a womanly variation of the name John, which means "God is merciful." There are many celebrities named Joan, including Joan Rivers, Joan Caulfield and Joan Crawford. 

In 1988, a violent hurricane with the name caused a lot of destruction and deaths in Nicaragua. The name "Joan" was later retired.


Paula

The name Paula [ paw-l"uh" ] is a female given name. Paula is a lovely name that has been well-liked for many years. It has an interesting background and comes from the Latin word "Paulus," which means "small" or "humble." The name Paula has been used in different cultures and languages, such as Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, and English. There are many celebrities with the name "Paula", including Paula Prentiss, Paula Zahn and Paula Abdul. This name has been used in naming Atlantic hurricanes, beginning with the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season. This name was ranked #821 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Pran

Pran Krishan Sikand (12 February 1920 – 12 July 2013), better known as Pran, was an Indian actor who was known for being a villain in many Bollywood movies. He was known for his roles in "Madhumati", "Johny Mera Naam", "Zanjeer", and in "Duniya". Pran was named "Villain of the Millennium" by Stardust Magazine in 2000.

Pran was born on 12 February 1920 in Ballimaran, Kotgarh Old Delhi. He studied at Raza High School. 

Pran was married to Shukla Sikand from 1945 until his death in 2013. They had three children. During the production of "Tere Mere Sapne", Pran's legs began to tremble. So to keep up with his role, most of his scenes involved him sitting down. Pran had a hard time reading in Hindi, so he would ask his scriptwriters to write all his scripts in Urdu. Pran's first time to be admitted to a hospital was in 1998 after he suffered a heart attack.

Pran died on 12 July 2013 in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India from pneumonia, aged 93.

He was awarded as the 'Villain of the Millennium' by Stardust in 2000. The Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan in 2001 and the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 2013 In 2010, he was named on the list of CNN's "Top 25 Asian actors of all time".


Barbara

Barbara [bahr-bruh, -ber-uh]is a female name used in many languages. It is the feminine form of the Greek word "barbaros", which in turn represents "foreign". In Spanish, Portuguese and Italian, "Barbara" means "barbarian" or "barbaric". The name remains among top 100 most popular for Chile and in Poland. The name was at #3 in the 1930s, though it has since declined. It was ranked #911 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021. There are many celebrities under the name, including Barbara Stanwyck, Barbara Pierce Bush and Barbara Bates. "Barbara" also got used for several hurricanes in the Atlantic and many for the Eastern Pacific.





Hilary

Hilary [ hil-"uh"-ree ] (or Hillary) is a female given name and a surname. It is from the Latin "hilarius", which in turn means "cheerful, merry".

Famous people having the name include Hilary Duff and Hillary Rodham Clinton. "Hilary" was also used on many hurricanes for the Eastern Pacific.

This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Hillary Brooke

Hillary Brooke (September 8, 1914 – May 25, 1999) was an American actress. She worked in movies. She played the love interest for Lou Costello in "The Abbott and Costello Show". She was also a regular in the series "My Little Margie".

Brooke was born in Astoria, New York. She died at age eighty-four.

Mii

A Mii is a customizable character created by the player, used on Nintendo's video game consoles. Miis made their first appearance on the Wii when it was released. They also appear on the Nintendo 3DS, Wii U and Nintendo Switch consoles, and in some games for the Nintendo DS. Miis allow players to create a caricature of themselves, other people, or of invented characters. They are created in the Mii Channel on the Wii, in the Mii Maker on the 3DS and Wii U, and in system settings on the Nintendo Switch. The Nintendo DS does not have a way to make Miis on the console itself, but the games that use Miis include a Mii Maker to let players create them.

The player can change the look of a Mii in many ways. They can give it different hairstyles, eyes, nose, and mouth shapes. They can change the eye and hair color of a Mii. (Players can only choose from a few colors on older consoles, but on the Nintendo Switch, a Mii's eye and hair color can be any color.) They can also give a Mii facial hair and wrinkles. Accessories such as hats and glasses can be added. The player can change the size of things like the Mii's eyes, nose, and mouth. The player can change a Mii's height and weight. On the 3DS and Wii U, the player can take a picture of their face, and the console creates a Mii for them. The player can then change their Mii.

When the player makes a Mii, they can use it in many different video games. Some games use Miis for all the characters, such as "Wii Sports", "Tomodachi Life", and "Miitopia". Many other games use Miis with other characters, such as "Mario Kart Wii" and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate". A lot of games on the Wii and 3DS use Miis as a profile picture, such as Rhythm Heaven Fever and Rhythm Heaven Megamix.

Atal Bihari Vajpayee

Atal Bihari Vajpayee (25 December 1924 – 16 August 2018) was an Indian politician. He served as the 10th Prime Minister of India for six years from 1998 through 2004. He was also serving as Prime Minister from May 1996 through June 1996. He founded the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Vajpayee was born on 25 December 1924 in Gwalior, United Provinces, British India (now Madhya Pradesh, India). He studied at Victoria College (now Laxmibai College) and at DAV College, Kanpur. Vajpayee was never married and had no children.

Vajpayee, who had dementia and diabetes, died at a New Delhi hospital from multiple organ failure on 16 August 2018, aged 93.


Gloria

The name Gloria is a female given name which is very common in the English language. The pronunciation of the name is [ glawr-ee-"uh", glohr- ]. The name means "glory" or "fame" in Latin. This name was ranked #572 on the US Popular Names in 2021. There are several notable movies under the name "Gloria". Notable celebrities under the name include Gloria Gaynor, Gloria Reuben, Gloria Vanderbilt and the singer Gloria Estefan. The name was used on a hurricane that struck the East Coast of the United States in September 1985.



Vanessa (name)

The name Vanessa is a popular female name. Vanessa is a charming and trendy moniker for female infants, with a fascinating backstory and significant connotations, rendering it an ideal option for parents who desire a name that is exclusive and significant. The term Vanessa comes from Greek roots, translating to "butterfly." Its usage as a given name began in the 18th century, when Irish writer Jonathan Swift fashioned it as a pen name for his associate Esther Vanhomrigh. The name gained traction in the 20th century and has endured as a widely favored choice for baby girls. It was created around 1708. The name was the 71st most popular female name for girls in the United States for 2007. It first appeared across the Top 1000 female names in the United States around 1950. This name was ranked #253 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


Rachel (Hebrew Bible)

Rachel is a person in the Book of Genesis. She is the daughter of Laban, and a wife of Jacob. She is the mother of Joseph and .

Roberta

Roberta [ r"uh"-bur-t"uh" ] is a female given name. It is the female variant of the name Robert. Its roots go back to the Germanic Hrodebert, meaning "shining renown". 

Roberta boasts a fascinating past and has been linked to various prominent individuals across different eras. It is the feminine form of the male name Robert. This female name has been given to several celebrities, including Roberta Flack and Roberta Peters. It was also used for the title of a Broadway musical in the 1930s. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Valerie

The name Valerie [ val-"uh"-ree ] is an almost all-girl given name. Valerie is a name that has been well-liked for many years due to its pleasing sound. Its origins can be traced back to the Latin language, where it comes from the word "valere," meaning "to be strong." This name has been adopted in different cultures and languages, including French, English, and German, and it has an interesting and varied history. The name was taken from the French "Valérie" and from the Latin Valeria. The name is extremely popular in several countries and United States. This name was ranked #153 on the US Popular Names in 2021. There are many celebrities by the name, including Valerie Harper, Valerie Perrine and the feminist Valerie Solanas. There are a lot of songs named as "Valerie". This name is being used on List Four of Atlantic Hurricane Names List.


Kamov Ka-60 Kasatka

The Kamov Ka-60 Kasatka is a Russian light helicopter. It was designed and built to replace the Mil Mi-8. Its first flight was in December 1998. It is used by the Russian Air Force. Kasatka is the Russian word for Killer Whale.



Hainan

Hainan is the smallest and southernmost province of the People's Republic of China. The name "Hainan" also refers to Hainan Island, the main island of the province. The capital of the province is Haikou. Hainan is known for its tropical climate.

Mexico City Cathedral

The Metropolitan Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary of Mexico City or the Mexico City Cathedral is a cathedral in Mexico City. It is one of the oldest and largest cathedrals in the Americas. The cathedral was built from 1573 to 1813 around the original church. The original church was built soon after the Spanish conquest of Tenochtitlán. The new cathedral eventually replaced the church entirely.

Jacuzzi

Jacuzzi is an American company. It makes whirlpool bathtubs and hot-tub spas. Its first product was a bath with massaging jets.

The Golden Palace

The Golden Palace is an American sitcom. It is a spin-off of the sitcom "The Golden Girls". It was shot from 1992-1993. They have as help the receptionist Roland Wilson (Don Cheadle) and the cook Chuy Castillos (Cheech Marin). Sometimes the young Oliver (Billy L. Sullivan) appears.



Eurocopter EC225 Super Puma Mk-2

The Eurocopter EC225 Super Puma Mk-2 is a medium helicopter designed and built in France by Eurocopter. It's a modernized variant of the Eurocopter AS-332 Super Puma. Originally civilian, it's also a military helicopter, used for transport, search and rescue, and support. Maiden flight in 2000, it's in production in 2013. Some are used by French Navy as replacement of formers Super Frelon.

Nia Vardalos

Antonia Eugenia "Nia" Vardalos (born September 24, 1962) is a Canadian actress and screenwriter. She has performed in several movies. She starred in comedies "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" in 2002, and "Connie and Carla" in 2004. She later began acting in more independent movies. She starred in My Big Fat Greek Life and "My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2". 

Vardalos was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Her parents are Greeks. She got United States citizenship in 1999.

Eurocopter AS-332 Super Puma

The Eurocopter AS-332 Super Puma is a civilian and military helicopter built by French and German company Eurocopter. It is an enlarged variant of the Aérospatiale SA-330 Puma. It is used principally for transport and search and rescue, but some are used for water bombing, special forces support, and VIP & VVIP liaisons. Some are used by police aviation, coast guards, and customs. All are built in Marignane factory, but a production licence was sold to Indonesia. In this last kind Super Puma are known as NAS-332.

Civilians Eurocopter AS-332 Super Puma flies or flown in Azerbaijan, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Morocco, UK, and USA.

Militaries Eurocopter AS-332 Super Puma flies or flown in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Cameroon, Chile, China, Congo, Ecuador, France, Gabon, Germany, Greece, Indonesia, Iceland, Japan, Jordan, Kuwait, Mexico, Nepal, Nigeria, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Togo, UAE, and Venezuela.

Eurocopter AS-532 Cougar is a military variant, and EC225 Super Puma Mk-2 is a modernized variant.


Grob G.120

The Grob G.120 is a German light training aircraft. It is used both by civilians and militaries. Some are used by the French Air Force, Canadian Forces Air Command, and Israel Air Force.

Room in Rome

Room in Rome is a 2010 Spanish erotic romance and drama movie. This movie looks at seduction and lesbian romances. This movie was shot around Rome and Madrid. It was released in April 2010. It stars Elena Anaya and Natasha Yarovenko.

Alba, a 30-something Spanish tourist in Rome, brings a younger Russian woman named Natasha to her hotel room. It's the last night of vacation in Rome. The details of how they met in a club are vague. Natasha at first refuses, and says she is straight. However, Alba keeps wanting to have sex with Natasha. Natasha keeps saying that she has never had sex with a woman. 

Natasha and Alba get undressed and into bed, though Natasha is still nervous. Alba suggests they lay side by side and only casually touch each other's faces. They do that until Alba becomes so relaxed she falls asleep. Natasha quietly gets out of bed, gets dressed and leaves the room. She wonders what would have happened if she had given sex to Alba. But Natasha leaves one thing behind: her cell phone. It rings and wakes up Alba. Natasha returns to the hotel room and asks for her cell phone. But she does not want to enter the room again. However, Alba grabs Natasha and takes her back into the room. They get undressed once again and into bed. Natasha and Alba have sex for the first time.

Over the next ten hours, Natasha and Alba grow close to one another. Natasha becomes more relaxed around Alba about their love-making. The two women share stories of their past.

But eventually, the two women tell each other the truth. Natasha says that her real name is Dasha. She is also a professional tennis player on vacation. Alba then tells she is a mechanical engineer and inventor. She is in Rome on business. She also lives with a woman in Spain.

Alba tells Natasha that she is falling in love with her. Natasha, though, gets more defensive. She says her attraction to Alba is only from curiosity toward the same sex and not love.

The two women have sex one last time. Then, they decide to leave and return to their lives in Russia and Spain.

The movie received mixed reviews. Jonathan Holland gave a mixed review. He liked the acting, though said director Julio Modem was more interested in his ideas than the people. The Rotten Tomatoes rated the movie at 50%.

Lancair 320

The Lancair 320 is a light single-engine aircraft. It was designed in the United States, and was introduced in 1988. It is a home-built aircraft with two seats.

Stealing Beauty

Stealing Beauty is a 1996 romantic drama movie. The story is about an American teenage girl who travels to a Tuscan countryside and whose mother has committed suicide. Liv Tyler plays Lucy Harmon. The reviews were mixed. This movie was released in late June 1996 in the United States.

Hocus Pocus (movie)

Hocus Pocus is a 1993 American family fantasy horror comedy movie. It was directed by Kenny Ortega. It stars Bette Midler, Sarah Jessica Parker and Kathy Najimy. The movie is about a family of witches, known as the Sanderson Sisters. They were resurrected by a teenager named Max (Omri Katz) along with his sister Dani (Thora Birch) and girlfriend Allison (Vinessa Shaw). The movie received negative reviews from movie critics. However, it performed well in theaters where it grossed $39,514,713. After the movie was released on home video, it received a cult following.

Three sisters, who are witches, are sentenced to death in the 17th century. They returned 300 years later because of a curse by Winifred Sanderson (Bette Midler). Three kids try using a chant to stop them from scaring modern-day Salem, Massachusetts on Halloween. They plan to turn immortal with the lives of modern day trick-or-treaters.

"Hocus Pocus" was released in the United States and Canada on July 16, 1993. It opened in fourth place with $8.1 million. The movie grossed $5.2 million in its second week. The movie fell out of the top ten, ending its domestic box office run with $39.5 million. The film was released to foreign markets in October 1994.

The movie was released to VHS in North America on January 5, 1994. Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection release on April 2, 1996. After part of the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection release on August 2, 2000 and later to DVD on June 4, 2002. Someone as the VHS and DVD release on September 2, 2003 in the United States in THX. It continues to show strong annual sales. It ranks in more than $1 million in DVD sales each October. On September 4, 2012 "Hocus Pocus" was released by Disney on Blu-ray for the first time.



The Mighty Ducks

The Mighty Ducks is a 1992 sports comedy movie set in Minneapolis. It was directed by Stephen Herek. It stars Emilio Estevez. It was produced by Avent-Kerner Productions. "Mighty Ducks" was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the first movie in "The Mighty Ducks" movie series. In the United Kingdom and Australia, the movie was titled "Champions". The home video release in the UK are titled "The Mighty Ducks Are the Champions".



2013 in video games

This article lists video games that were released in the year 2013. These includes, "", "Army of Two", "Assassin's Creed", "BioShock", "Call of Duty", "Company of Heroes", "Crysis", "Dead Space", "Devil May Cry", "Final Fantasy", "Fire Emblem", "God of War", "Dead Island", "Grand Theft Auto", "Killzone", "Lost Planet", "Pokémon", "Sly Cooper", "StarCraft", "Tomb Raider" and "Total War". Also in 2013, PlayStation 4 from Sony Computer Entertainment and the Xbox One from Microsoft were released.

The list of game consoles to be released in 2013 in North America.
The list of games released, or due for release, in 2013 in North America.

Below is a list of games which have been announced to be released in 2013 in North America, but have no exact release date or month yet.

Otto Pérez Molina

Otto Fernando Pérez Molina (born 1 December 1950) is a Guatemalan politician and retired military officer. He served as President of Guatemala from January 14, 2012 until his resignation on September 2, 2015.

Molina was born on 1 December 1950 in Guatemala City, Guatemala. He studied at School of the Americas and at the Inter-American Defense College. Molina has been married to Rosa Leal. They have two children.


Big Brother 15 (American season)

Big Brother 15 is the fifthteenth season of the American reality television show, "Big Brother". It began airing on CBS starting on June 26, 2013 on Sundays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays. It will continue to air on CBS until September 18, 2013. It is being called the "longest season to date" in "Big Brother" history, lasting a total of 90 days. This season features sixteen HouseGuests. 

The show's format remained the same from previous seasons of the show. A group of contestants, known as "HouseGuests", compete to win the series by voting each other off. They must be the last HouseGuest remaining. Each week, one HouseGuest, known as the Head of Household, must nominate two of their HouseGuests for eviction. The winner of the Power of Veto can remove one of the nominees from the block. The Head of Household must nominate another HouseGuest as a replacement. The HouseGuests then vote to evict one of them, the nominee with the most votes are removed from the show. When only two HouseGuests remain, the last seven evicted HouseGuests, known as the Jury of Seven, would decide which of them would win the $500,000 prize. A HouseGuest can be "expelled" from the show for not following rules.

There have been several controversial remarks from some of the "Big Brother 15" HouseGuests. Their comments have angered viewers and because of this, the show's ratings have dropped. Many journalist have made negative reviews about the HouseGuests who made these remarks. HouseGuest including Aaryn Gries, GinaMarie Zimmerman and Spencer Clawson have made racist comments about two African American contestants on the show. Spencer made negative comments about a gay contestant calling him "Kermit the Fag". Aaryn and GinaMarie also made negative comments about Asian contestant Helen. Aaryn and GinaMarie were fired from their jobs because of their comments. However, they did not know about this until after the show because they were not allowed to be in contact with anyone outside of the "Big Brother" house. The show had to even put disclaimers before the episodes started to inform viewers that the comments made by houseguests were not the opinions of CBS.




José Mujica

José Alberto "Pepe" Mujica Cordano (born 20 May 1935) is an Uruguayan politician. He served as President of Uruguay from 2010 to 2015.

He won the 2009 presidential election and took office as President on 1 March 2010. He has been called "the world's 'poorest' president" because he donates around 90 percent of his $12,000 monthly salary to charities to help poor people and small entrepreneurs.

In the 1994 general elections, Mujica was elected deputy and in the elections of 1999 he was elected senator. In 1994 Mujica was chosen to be a deputy and then in 1999 he was chosen to be senator in the [general election] of Uruguay in that year. In 2004, Mujica's political party was very popular because of his charisma. In 2004 there were more elections and Mujica was chosen to be a senator again, this helped his political party and Tabaré Vázquez to be president.

On March 1, 2005, President Tabaré Vázquez made Mujica as the Minister of Livestock, Agriculture and Fisheries (Mujica's own professional background was in the agricultural sector).

Since becoming minister, Mujica resigned his position as senator. He held this position until a cabinet change in 2008, when he resigned and was replaced by Ernesto Agazzi. Mujica then returned to his seat in the Senate.

Mujica was born on 20 May 1935 in Montevideo, Uruguay. His parents were Demetrio Mujica, of Spanish Basque ancestry, and Lucy Cordano, of Italian descent.

In 2005, Mujica married senator Lucía Topolansky.


Belle Fourche River

The Belle Fourche River (prounced "bel FOOSH") is a tributary of the Cheyenne River, about long, in the U.S. states of Wyoming and South Dakota. It is part of the Mississippi River watershed traveling through the Cheyenne and Missouri rivers.

The point at which the river flows out of Wyoming and into South Dakota is the lowest elevation point in the state of Wyoming at . This is the second-highest low point of any U.S. state.


Old Bet

Old Bet (d. 1816) was a female African elephant. She was the second elephant in America. She was the first to be known by a name. She was about four years old when she arrived in Boston on 24 June 1804. She was owned by Edward Savage and exhibited by him in 1805. He sold her to Hachaliah Bailey for a reported $10,000. Bailey sold her but bought her back.

He leased her to others for exhibition for the rest of her life. On 25 June 1812, she appeared with the Cayetano and Company circus in New York City and thus became the first elephant to be displayed in a circus in America. She was exhibited for years and earned a considerable amount of money.

Old Bet was shot and killed in Shapleigh, Maine, on 26 June 1816 by Daniel Davis, a farmer who claimed the elephant was taking dollars out of the local economy. Bailey raised a monument to Old Bet at his Elephant Hotel in Somers, New York. Her skeleton was displayed in New York City in 1817, and was later acquired by P. T. Barnum for his American Museum.


Oscar Hammerstein II

Oscar Hammerstein II (July 12, 1895 – August 23, 1960) was an American writer. He was born in New York City. In the 1950s, he teamed with Richard Rodgers to write several successful musicals including "Oklahoma!", "Carousel", "South Pacific", "The King and I", and "The Sound of Music". He died of stomach cancer in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, a little while after the opening of "The Sound of Music".

Hammerstein won the Academy Award for Best Original Song two times. The first was in 1941 for "The Last Time I Saw Paris" in "Lady Be Good". The second was in 1945 for "It Might as Well Be Spring" in "State Fair."

In 1950, the team of Rodgers and Hammerstein received The Hundred Year Association of New York's Gold Medal Award "in recognition of outstanding contributions to the City of New York."

Hammerstein won eight Tony Awards. Six were for lyrics or book. Two were for producing the Best Musical ("South Pacific" and "The Sound of Music").

Rodgers and Hammerstein won a special Pulitzer Prize in 1944 for "Oklahoma!" With Joshua Logan, they won the annual Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1950 for "South Pacific".

Oscar Hammerstein was a member of the American Theater Hall of Fame.

French invasion of Russia

The French Invasion of Russia in 1812, also known as the Russian Campaign in France () and the Patriotic War of 1812 in Russia (), was Napoleon I leading the French Empire to invade Russia. That was the turning point during the Napoleonic Wars, because it was the first major defeat for Napoleon.

It greatly reduced the French and allied invasion forces (the "Grande Armée"). It started a major change in European politics by greatly weakened the French power over Europe. French allies, at first Prussia and then Austria, broke their alliance with France. They fought France instead, which started the War of the Sixth Coalition.


The Lawrence Welk Show

The Lawrence Welk Show was an American televised musical variety show. It was hosted by big band leader Lawrence Welk with Norma Zimmer appearing as "the Champagne Lady".

The series aired locally in Los Angeles for four years, from 1951 to 1955, then nationally for another 16 years on ABC from 1955 to 1971, followed by 11 years in first-run syndication from 1971 to 1982.


Amanda

Amanda [ "uh"-man-d"uh" ] is a female given name. It comes from Latin language. The name means "she who must be loved" or "worthy of love". The name "Amanda" first appeared in 1212 in birth records from England. It was not until around the 1700s that the name became popular. This name became very popular in the United States starting in the 1930s. The name was especially popular in the United States starting in 1978 and ending in 1992. In 2009 the name was ranked at 166. Famous people with the name include Amanda Bynes, Amanda Seyfried and Amanda Blake. This name was ranked #475 on the US Popular Names in 2021.





Shirley

Shirley [ shur-lee ] is a female given name. Shirley is a name with a long and interesting history that spans many centuries. Its origins are English, and the name means either "bright meadow" or "clearing in the woods." Although Shirley is a unisex name, it is typically more popular among girls. This name was especially popular in the 1940s and 1950s. It is still common today. The name was used in the sitcom "Laverne & Shirley" which was on television in the 1970s. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 


Heidi (given name)

Heidi [ hahy-dee ] is a female given name. It became an extremely popular name after the novel "Heidi" was introduced. The name comes from the name Adelheid, which means "nobility". The name began to be used in English because of the movie. Famous people with the name include Heidi Fleiss and Heidi Montag. A movie with Shirley Temple as the title character was released in 1937. This name was ranked #395 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Jill

The name Jill is a female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ jil ]. It comes from Latin. It means "sweetheart" or "youthful". The name is short form of Jillian, but it is now an independent name within its own right. Famous people with the name include: Jill St. John, Jill Clayburgh, Jill Bennett, Jill Eikenberry and Jill Biden. This name is also used in the "Jack and Jill" nursery rhyme. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Brétigny-sur-Orge train crash

On 12 July 2013, a train crashed in Brétigny railway station, in Brétigny-sur-Orge. Bretigny is from Paris in Île-de-France. The train was a service from Paris to Limoges. Six people are confirmed dead, 30 are injured, eight of them in a critical state. Of the six dead, two were killed in the railway station, two are from Limoges, and two from Étampes. 385 passengers were on board at the time of the crash. The crash occurred at 17:14 local time, 22 minutes after the train left Austerlitz station at 16:53. If the train had been on schedule, it would have arrived in Limoges at 20:05. The trains and platforms at Brétigny were very busy as it was the Friday before the Bastille Day holiday weekend.

The train was not supposed to stop at the station. According to the first reports, the train crashed at high speed and split in two pieces after the third and fourth cars derailed. The crash caused the back four carts to crash into the station platforms. The accident is the most serious rail crash that has happened in France since the 1988 Gare de Lyon rail accident in which 56 people were killed.

The French Land Transport Accident Investigation Bureau (BEA-TT) has announced a search into the accident. SNCF released its findings on 13 July. The company reported that the derailment seemed to have been caused by a track failure. According to SNCF, a steel fishplate connecting two rails had come loose from the station at a set of points, and had become stuck in a track switch. The third and fourth carts came off track when their wheels went over the steel plate. When the problem with the switch became known, SNCF had people check the several thousand such switches on the network.

The track has been severely damaged on a length of about . Repairing the track means that the railway station will be closed for all traffic for several days. This also affects Gare d'Austerlitz in Paris, as most trains starting from there take this route.

Several people reported that the firefighters and rescuers were aggressed, when they arrived, and that stones were thown. Police had to be called to secure the area. The same report also speaks about a group of youngsters pillaging and stealing from the passengers of the train. Jean-François Riffaud, the director of the Red Cross later declared, that the teams were able to work without being aggressed. On 13 July, a police source was quoted as saying that police forces had projectiles thrown at them, but that these were isolated cases, and that no stones had been used.

Jack plane

A Jack plane is the most commonly used general purpose plane. It is about long. 
The blade is slightly curved for quick removal of material on rough work. It is also used in oblique planning.

Lund Cathedral

Lund Cathedral () is the Lutheran cathedral in Lund, Scania, Sweden. It is the seat of the Bishop of Lund of the Church of Sweden.

Biodegradation

Biodegradation is a chemical process in which materials are dissolved by bacteria or other biological elements. If a material is "biodegradable", it means that it can be consumed by microorganisms and turned into compounds that are natural. It is an important process in ecology and waste management. Items that are biodegradable are considered environmentally friendly because they can turn back into elements found in nature.

Organic materials, such as those that come from plants and animals, can be degraded aerobically (with oxygen) or anaerobically (without oxygen). Some artificial or inorganic materials can also be biodegraded. It is possible to identify specific microorganisms that are able to biodegrade these materials.

In nature, different materials biodegrade at different speeds. Most microorganisms that help biodegradation need light, heat, water and oxygen. 


Albert

The name Albert[al-bert] is a masculine given name. It comes from the Germanic words "adal" and "beraht", meaning "bright" and "noble". The Spanish version of this name is Alberto. This name has been used for many famous people, including Albert Finney and scientist Albert Einstein.Albert has been a popular name for the past 100 years. This name was ranked #564 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

As "Alberto", this name has been used for Atlantic cyclones every six years since 1982.





Genetically modified organism

A genetically modified organism (GMO) is an organism whose genetic material has been altered using genetic engineering techniques.

Organisms that have been genetically modified include micro-organisms such as bacteria and yeast, insects, plants, fish, and mammals. GMOs are the source of genetically modified foods, and are also widely used in scientific research and to produce goods other than food.


Although Maxam and Gilbert published their chemical sequencing method two years after the ground-breaking paper of Sanger and Coulson on plus-minus sequencing, Maxam–Gilbert sequencing rapidly became more popular, since purified DNA could be used directly, while the initial Sanger method required that each read start be cloned for production of single-stranded DNA. However, with the improvement of the chain-termination method (see below), Maxam-Gilbert sequencing has fallen out of favour due to its technical complexity prohibiting its use in standard molecular biology kits, extensive use of hazardous chemicals, and difficulties with scale-up.





The first genetically modified black, blue and red rose made in the lab.



Fortune Head

Fortune Head is a headland about from the town of Fortune on the Burin Peninsula, southeastern Newfoundland.

A thick section of rock along its cliffs is the Global Boundary Stratotype Section and Point (GSSP). It represents the boundary between the Precambrian era and the Cambrian period, 541 million years ago. Because of its accessibility (easy to get at) and many fossils, Fortune Head was selected in 1992 over similar rock sections in Siberia, Russia, and Meischucum, China.

Fortune Head was given full ecological reserve status in 1992 after its selection as the global stratotype. The reserve is in size. The Fortune Head lighthouse also acts as a visitors center.

The Burin Peninsula is part of the Avalon Zone of the Appalachian Orogen, a late Precambrian episode of mountain-building. The stratigraphy is not uniform throughout the region, however. The sediments were probably deposited in shoreline environments along the former Iapetus Ocean.

The global stratotype at Fortune Head is made up of sandstones, siltstones, and limestones. Some of these rocks have mud cracks and stromatolites, suggesting that deposition occurred in tidal or, at deepest, continental shelf environments.

The boundary between the Precambrian and Cambrian is marked by the presence of trace fossils of "Treptichnus pedum", one of the earliest animals. "Treptichnus" is known only by its distinctive burrow pattern, which can be seen at Fortune Head.

Fortune Head records the beginning of a period of increasing biological diversity known as the "Cambrian explosion". It has a number of other Cambrian and Precambrian fossils, including early shell fossils, vendotaenid algae, soft-bodied megafossils, and microfossils. Below "Treptichnus", the stratotype at Fortune Head includes traces of the arthropod "Monomorphichnus". More complex fossils appear later.


