Century Series

Century Series is the nickname of a group of fighter aircraft built in USA for the Cold War. It was all aircraft with number 100 in the code.


Trabzonspor

Trabzonspor or TS, is a Turkish football club from Trabzon. Trabzonspor was founded in August 2, 1967.
Joe McGinniss

Joe McGinniss, Sr. (December 9, 1942 – March 10, 2014) was an American author. He wrote many books about politician such as Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, Sarah Palin, and Barack Obama.

McGinniss was born in New York City. He studied at College of the Holy Cross. McGinniss died in Worcester, Massachusetts from prostate cancer, aged 71.

Orduspor

Orduspor is a Turkish football club from Ordu. Orduspor was founded in 1967 by Ali Ataoğlu.

Bob Crow

Robert Crow (13 June 1961 – 11 March 2014) was a British trade union leader. He served as the General Secretary of the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) from 2002 until his death. The union was previously headed by Jimmy Knapp, until his death in 2001. Crow helped make the RMT one of Britain's fastest growing trade unions.

Crow died in Whipps Cross University Hospital, London, England after suffering an aneurysm and heart attack, aged 52.


Pocky

Pocky is a Japanese snack food. They are chocolate-coated biscuit sticks. They are made by Ezaki Glico and were first sold in 1966. They can be found in flavors such as chocolate, strawberry, almond and others. They are sold in Europe under the name Mikado.


Terence V. Powderly

Terence Vincent Powderly (22 January 1849–24 June 1924) was an Irish-American politician and labor union leader. He was the first three-term mayor of Scranton, Pennsylvania. He had several top government jobs. He is best known as the leader of the Knights of Labor in the late 1880s. 

Terence V. Powderly was born in Carbondale, Pennsylvania on 22 January 1849. His parents, Terence Powderly and Madge Walsh, were Irish immigrants. As a young man he worked for the railroad as a . In 1871, he became a member of the International Machinists and Blacksmiths union. He later became its president. During the Long Depression (1873–1879), he didn't have a job. He was blacklisted for being a 'union '. 

In Scranton in 1876, Powderly joined the local branch of the Knights of Labor. He quickly moved up in the union. By 1879, he became the leader (his title was "Grand Master Workman"). While he was the leader, the Knights of Labor had the most members and most influence it ever had. After 1886, the Knights declined. In a struggle for power, Powderly was removed. His rival John William Hayes became the leader. Having lost his position, Powderly studied to become a lawyer. In 1894 he was admitted to the Bar (became a lawyer) in Pennsylvania. For this he was thrown out of the Knights of Labor.

While he was the Grand Master Workman, he was also the mayor of Scranton (1878–1884). In the 1896 presidential campaign, he supported Republican William McKinley. As a reward, President McKinley appointed Powderly United States Commissioner General of Immigration in 1897. He was dismissed as Commissioner General in 1902 by President Theodore Roosevelt. Powderly's work for immigration reform led to his dismissal. But in 1906 an investigation cleared him of any wrongdoing. He was given the position of Special Immigration Inspector. He then became Chief of the Division of Information in the US Department of Immigration from 1907 to 1921. Next he became Commissioner of Conciliation for the United States Department of Labor (1921–1924).

Powderly died in Washington, DC on 24 June 1924. Many early labor historians have been very critical of Powderly and the Knights of Labor. However, very few did more for the early labor movement. The actions and accomplishments of Terence V. Powderly have been reevaluated in the last twenty years. While he still has not had a "competent biographer", it is clear he and his Knights are becoming much more admired and respected. In 1999, Powderly was inducted into the Hall of Honor at the US Department of Labor.



Blacklist

Blacklist, blacklisting or blacklisted may refer to:


Sérgio Guerra

Severino Sérgio Estelita Guerra (9 November 1947 – 6 March 2014) was a Brazilian economist and politician. His last political positions in public life were as the national president of the PSDB federal. He served as deputy senator for Pernambuco.

Guerra died on 6 March 2014 from lung cancer in São Paulo, Brazil, aged 66.

Andrzej Wajda

Andrzej Witold Wajda (6 March 1926 – 9 October 2016) was a Polish movie director, movie producer, and screenwriter. He is known for his works in "A Generation", "Kanał", "Ashes and Diamonds", "Man of Iron", "The Promised Land", "The Maids of Wilko", and in "Katyń". He won an Honorary Academy Award in 2000. 

Wajda was born in Suwałki, Poland. He studied at the Łódź Film School. Wajda was married four times, first three ended in divorce. He had a daughter.

Wajda died of respiratory failure on 9 October 2016 at a hospital in Warsaw, aged 90.


Beata Tyszkiewicz

Beata Maria Helena Tyszkiewicz (born 14 August 1938) is a Polish actress. She was known for her roles in "The Doll" and in "The Ashes". She is also known for being the third wife of famous Polish director Andrzej Wajda.

Tysziewicz was born in Wilanów, Poland.

Krystyna Zachwatowicz

Krystyna Zachwatowicz-Wajda (born Krystyna Zachwatowicz on 16 May 1930) is a Polish scenographer, costume designer and actress. She is a member of the Polish Film Academy. She is married to Academy Award-nominated director Andrzej Wajda.

Zachwatowicz was born in Warsaw. Her parents were Jan Zachwatowicz and Maria Chodźko. She studied at Jagiellonian University in Krakow.

Józef Czapski

Józef Czapski (April 3, 1896 – January 12, 1993) was a Polish artist, author, and critic. He was an officer of the Polish Army during World War II.

Czapski was known for many things. As a painter, he is known for his work in the Kapist movement. He is mostly known for being the founder of Kultura monthly. It is one of the most important monthly journals in Poland during the 20th century.

Czapski was born in Prague. He studied at the University of Saint Petersburg. Czapski died on January 12, 1993 in Warsaw from natural causes, aged 96.

Cynthia Lynn

Cynthia Lynn (born Zinta Valda Zimilis; April 2, 1937 – March 10, 2014) was a Latvian-American actress. She was best known for her role as Fraulein Helga in "Hogan's Heroes" during the first season (1965–66). She was born in Riga, Latvian SSR, Soviet Union.

Lynn died from multiple organ failure as a result of hepatitis on March 10, 2014. She was 76. She was outlived by her daughter, Lisa Brando, whose father was Marlon Brando.


Robert Clary

Robert Clary (born Robert Max Widerman; March 1, 1926 – November 16, 2022) was a French-American actor, writer and lecturer. He is best known for his role as Corporal LeBeau ("Frenchie") in the television sitcom "Hogan's Heroes". He was the last surviving main cast member since the death of Cynthia Lynn in March 2014.

Clary was born in Paris. He was Jewish. He survived the Buchenwald concentration camp in Weimar, Germany during the Holocaust of World War II.

Clary died at his Los Angeles home on November 16, 2022, at the age of 96.


Sheila MacRae

Sheila Margaret MacRae (née Stephens; 24 September 1921 – 6 March 2014) was an English actress, dancer, producer and singer. She was best known on television for her role as Alice Kramden in the 1960s version of "The Honeymooners". She also appeared in movies such as "Pretty Baby" (1950), "Caged" (1950), "Backfire" (1950) and "Sex and the Single Girl" (1964). She was born in London.

MacRae died from natural causes on 6 March 2014. She was 92 years old. She was survived by her children two children with actor Gordon MacRae. She was predeceased by two other children with MacRae, one of which was the actress Meredith MacRae.


Hans Gericke

Hans Gericke (27 July 1912 – 15 February 2014) was a German architect and urban planner. From 1953 to 1958, he was the deputy director of the Institutes für Theorie und Geschichte der Baukunst for the Deutschen Bauakademie. In 1965, he became the chief architect of East Berlin, East Germany (now Berlin, Germany). For his work, he was awarded by many different organisations. He was born in Magdeburg, Saxony-Anhalt, German Empire.

Gericke died on 15 February 2014. He was 101 years old.

Everyday Sexism Project

The Everyday Sexism Project is a website started by feminist writer Laura Bates. Bates started the project after she was sexually harassed on public transport in London. On April 10, 2014, a book about the project called "Everyday Sexism" will be published.


MØ

Karen Marie Aagaard Ørsted Andersen (born in Odense, Denmark in August 13, 1988), better known as Mø, is a Danish singer and pianist. 

She released her first single "Maiden" in 2012. On March 10, 2014, her first album "No Mythologies to Follow" was released.

Elizabeth Bishop

Elizabeth Bishop (February 8, 1911 – October 6, 1979) was an American poet. She was the Poet Laureate of the United States from 1949 to 1950. Bishop was born in Worcester, Massachusetts. In 1946 her first book of poetry was published. Bishop was a lesbian.


Petrolacosaurus

Petrolacosaurus was a small, long animal, the earliest diapsid known. It lived during the later Carboniferous period. The strata where it was found in Kansas are of Pennsylvanian age, approximately 302 million years old. 

Its diet was probably small insects. "Petrolacosaurus" had distinctive canine-like secondary-sized teeth, a trait found mainly in therapsids, and later in mammals. Its fossils were found in Kansas, USA.

"Petrolacosaurus" was too derived to be the ancestor of all modern forms. In fact, it was already a diapsid, with two openings on each side of its skull to add attachment points for jaw muscles. Hence, it cannot have been the ancestor of any synapsids, which have only one such opening. Synapsids diverged from the common amniote tree before the diapsids did.

BBC Television in "Walking with Dinosaurs" made the mistake of talking about it as an ancestor of both reptiles and mammals.

The Slits

The Slits were a British punk band. The band was started in 1976. The members were Ari Up, Kate Korus, Suzy Gutsy, and Palmolive. In 1979 the band's first album "Cut" was released on Island Records in the UK. The band's second album was released in 1980. In 1982 the band broke up. The band got back together in 2005. It broke up again in 2010 when Ari Up died of cancer.

Ordu

Ordu is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in the Karadeniz Region. In 2013, 186,097 people lived there.

U.S. Department of Labor Hall of Honor

The United States Department of Labor Hall of Honor is in the Frances Perkins Building, 200 Constitution Ave., NW, Washington, DC. It is a monument to honor Americans who have made a positive contribution to how people in the United States work and live. 

The people and groups who are honored have all improved , wages, and over-all quality of life for American workers. The Hall of Honor (first called the Hall of Fame) was first planned during the John F. Kennedy administration in 1962. The hall was actually started in 1988. The people to be given this honor are selected each year by a panel inside the Department of Labor. Each must have made a major contribution and the award is given posthumously (after they have died).

Those who have been inducted into the Hall of Honor are:


























Feeder Airlines

Feeder Airlines is an airline based in Juba, South Sudan. It operates from Juba International Airport. It started operations on 2 June 2007. It operates scheduled and charter service.

Feeder Airlines is mostly owned by South Sudanese people. It serves major airports in South Sudan. It uses Juba International Airport as its hub. In March 2010, the airline started daily flights between Juba and Entebbe.

Following is a list of places that Feeder Airlines flies to, as of March 2014. 

As of 26 March 2012, Feeder Airlines has the following aircraft. The average age of the aircraft is 21.4 years:

Henry J. Kaiser

Henry John Kaiser (May 9, 1882 – August 24, 1967) was an American industrialist. He started working when he was only 13 years old but in his lifetime founded over 100 companies. He became known as the father of modern American shipbuilding. Kaiser started the Kaiser Shipyard which built Liberty ships during World War II. After the war he started Kaiser Aluminum. Kaiser organized Kaiser Permanente health care for his workers and their families. He led Kaiser-Frazer followed by Kaiser Motors, automobile company known for the safety of their designs. Kaiser was involved in large construction projects such as civic centers and dams. He also invested in real estate. With his great wealth, he initiated the Kaiser Family Foundation, a non-profit, non-partisan, charitable organization.

Ripple (payment protocol)

Ripple is a communication protocol for sending money through the internet. It was developed by Ripple Labs, Inc which is an American Financial technology company. The company wants to take on the established financial industry with their X-rapid blockchain protocol with the XRP settlement token.


Bedtime for Democracy

Bedtime for Democracy is the fourth studio album by American hardcore punk band, Dead Kennedys. "Bedtime for Democracy" was released in November 1986.

The name of the album is a reference to the 1951 comedy film, Bedtime for Bonzo which starred Ronald Reagan. The name of the album may also reflect the band's bitterness from the aftermath of the both financially and emotionally draining trial that they were being subjected to at the time because of the controversial poster that was included with their previous album, "Frankenchrist". When the band started recording "Bedtime for Democracy", they had already played what would be their last live concert in February of 1986 in the San Francisco Bay Area with lead singer Jello Biafra and they announced the band's breakup immediately after the record's release. Allmusic rated the album 3 out of 5 stars.

Frankenchrist

Frankenchrist is the third studio album by American hardcore punk band, Dead Kennedys. "Frankenchrist" was released in October 1985.

The album caused controversy because of a poster that was inserted in the original record sleeve. The poster called "Landscape #XX", or Penis Landscape H. R. Giger, was a painting that showed rows of penises and vulvae. Lead singer Jello Biafra's record label Alternative Tentacles was almost driven to bankruptcy and Biafra was brought to trial for distributing harmful matter to minors but was not convicted. Allmusic rated the album 3.5 out of 5 stars.

Hipparcos

Hipparcos is a satellite that was used to make the Hipparcos catalog of 118,000 stars with unprecedented precision. The European Space Agency (ESA) launched it in 1989 and it operated until 1983. It was named for the ancient Greek astronomer Hipparchus and is also an acronym for HIgh Precision PARallax COllecting Satellite.

Plastic Surgery Disasters

Plastic Surgery Disasters is the second studio album by American hardcore punk band, Dead Kennedys. "Plastic Surgery Disasters" was released in November 1982.

The album was reissued with their last EP "In God We Trust, Inc." which are the last eight songs on the CD. The cover photo of the album is a picture called "Hands" by photographer Michael Wells. Allmusic rated the album 4.5 out of 5 stars.

Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables

Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables is the first studio album by American hardcore punk band, Dead Kennedys. "Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables" was released on September 2, 1980.

The album featured the singles "California Über Alles", "Holiday in Cambodia", "Kill the Poor", and "Too Drunk to Fuck". The album has been the best selling and mainly the most critically acclaimed album by the band. Allmusic rated the album 5 out of 5 stars.


Věra Chytilová

Věra Chytilová (2 February 1929 – 12 March 2014) was an avant-garde Czech movie director. She was known for her works in "Daises", "Wolf's Hole", "A Hoof Here, a Hoof There", and "The Inheritance or Fuckoffguysgoodday".

Chytilová was born in Ostrava, Czechoslovakia.

Republic of Crimea

The Republic of Crimea (Crimean Tatar: Къырым Джумхуриети, "Qırım Cumhuriyeti"; Russian: Республика Крым, "Respublika Krym") is an unrecognised Russian federal subject officially part of Ukraine. It is the Crimean peninsula in the Black Sea. It is located southeast of Ukraine and west of southern Russia. Its capital is Simferopol. The parliament of Crimea declared independence in 2014 after the victory of Euromaidan and joined Russia.

Jackie Gaughan

John D. "Jackie" Gaughan, Sr. (October 24, 1920 – March 12, 2014) was an American casino owner and gambler. Gaughan owned a casino in Las Vegas. It was El Cortez. Gaughan at one time owned more than 25 percent of the real estate in Downtown Las Vegas.

Gaughan died in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was 93 years old.

Jean Vallée

Jean Vallée (born Paul Georges M. J. Goeders; 2 October 1941 – 12 March 2014) was a Belgian singer and songwriter. He was made Knight in the Order of the Crown by HM Albert II in 1999. He was born in Verviers, Liège.

Vallée died after a long illness on 12 March 2014. He was 72 years old.

Ola L. Mize

Ola Lee Mize (August 28, 1931 – March 12, 2014) was a United States Army officer. He was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Korean War. He was born in Marshall County, Alabama.

Mize died on March 12, 2014. He was 82 years old.


Richard Coogan

Richard Coogan (April 4, 1914 - March 12, 2014) was an American actor. He is best known for his role as Captain Video in "Captain Video and His Video Rangers" from 1949 to 1950. He was also known for his role in "The Californians".

Coogan died in Beverly Hills, California from natural causes, aged 99.


Karl Otto Götz

Karl Otto Götz (February 22, 1914 – August 19, 2017) was a German artist. He was best known for his many abstract paintings in the Informel, or art without form, style.

Götz was born in Aachen, Germany and died in Niederbreitbach.

Witold Sobociński

Witold Sobociński (October 15, 1929 – November 19, 2018) was a Polish cinematographer, academic teacher as well as former jazz musician. He was known for his cinematography works in "The Adventures of Gerard", "The Hourglass Sanatorium" and in "Frantic".

Sobociński studied at the National Film School in Łódź. He was a member of Melomani, in which he played the drums.

Sobociński was born on October 15, 1929 in Łódź, Poland. He died on November 19, 2018 in Łódź at the age of 89.


Krzysztof Zanussi

Krzysztof Pius Zanussi, (born 17 June 1939) is a Polish producer and movie director. He made over 100 Polish-language movies. His career has lasted for nearly 50 years.

Zanussi was born in Warsaw, Poland. He studied at the University of Warsaw.

Richard Sacher

Richard Sacher (1 September 1947 – 27 February 2014) was a Czech politician and civil servant. He was the Interior Minister for Czechoslovakia for a year. He served from 1989 through 1990. He was also a member of the federal assembly for two years. In 2000, Sacher ran for the senate, but lost the election.

Sacher died on 27 February 2014 in Prague, Czech Republic, aged 71.

Robby Müller

Robby Müller (4 April 1940 – 4 July 2018) was a Dutch cinematographer. He worked with director Wim Wenders. He was known for his works in "To Live and Die in LA", Sally Potter's "The Tango Lesson", "My Brother Tom", "Breaking the Waves" and "Dancer in the Dark".

Müller was born in Willemstad, Curaçao. He died on 4 July 2018 from vascular dementia in Amsterdam at the age of 78.

Wim Wenders

Ernst Wilhelm "Wim" Wenders (; born 14 August 1945) is a German movie director, playwright, author, and photographer. He is known for his works in "Wings of Desire, The State of Things", "Paris, Texas", "Faraway, So Close!", and "The Million Dollar Hotel".

Wenders was born on 14 August 1945 in Düsseldorf, Rhine Province, Germany.


Curtis McClarin

Curtis L. McClarin (December 3, 1969 – March 3, 2014) was an American actor. He had roles in movies, television shows and musical theater plays. He appeared in the movies "The Hard Way" (1991), "Fresh" (1994) and "The Happening" (2008), the television movie "Murder Without Motive: The Edmund Perry Story" about the death of Edmund Perry, and on Broadway in the Tony Award-nominated musical "Bring in 'da Noise, Bring in 'da Funk". He was born in the borough of Brooklyn, New York City, New York.

McClarin died in his sleep from a brain aneurysm on March 3, 2014 in his hometown of Brooklyn. He was 44 years old.

Geoff Edwards

Geoffrey Bruce Owen "Geoff" Edwards (February 15, 1931 – March 5, 2014) was an American television actor, game show host, radio personality, writer, and broadcaster. He appeared in "I Dream of Jeannie", "That Girl", "Petticoat Junction", "Diff'rent Strokes", and "Small Wonder". He was born in Westfield, New Jersey.

Edwards died from complications of pneumonia at Saint John's Health Center on March 5, 2014 in Santa Monica, California. He was 83 years old.


Ron Murphy

Robert Ronald "Ron" Murphy (April 10, 1933 – March 6, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. he played for the New York Rangers, Chicago Black Hawks, Detroit Red Wings and Boston Bruins over the course of an 889-game National Hockey League (NHL) career. He was born in Hamilton, Ontario.

Murphy died on March 6, 2014 at the age of 80.

Park Eun-ji

Park Eun-ji (23 January 1979 – 8 March 2014) was a South Korean politician. She was the vice delegate of the Labor Party. She also was a candidate of New Progressive Party in the 19th legislative election. She was born in Seoul. She also studied at the Korea University from 1997 to 2001.

Park Eun-ji committed suicide by hanging on the evening of 8 March 2014 in her Seoul home. She was 35 years old. She was outlived by her daughter.


Baarle-Nassau

Baarle-Nassau is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 6,847 people lived there.

Francis S. Currey

Francis Sherman "Frank" Currey (June 29, 1925 – October 8, 2019) was a former United States Army soldier. He was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for his contributions in World War II.

Currey was born in Loch Sheldrake, New York. He was an orphan and grew up in foster care. He enlisted in the Army one week after he graduated high school. He was sent to and completed Officer Candidate School but was refused a commission for being too young. He completed his training with 75th Infantry Division. In the Spring of 1944 he was sent to England. But, due to a recent order by President Roosevelt, he was not allowed into combat until he was 19. After his birthday in June, he was sent to Normandy but didn't arrive until weeks after D-Day. He was sent to the 120th Infantry Regiment in the Netherlands. This was in September 1944. He ad a grandson named Jim who had a kid named Troy. Troy always wanted to be in the military 

During the Battle of the Bulge Currey was in the town of Malmedy, Belgium. On December 21 the strongpoint he was defending was overrun by German Tanks and infantry. Currey and 5 other American soldiers withdrew to an old factory under intense enemy fire. Currey found a Bazooka and ammunition nearby. He fired the bazooka at the closest tank disabling it. Moving forward he then killed three enemy soldiers in the doorway of a house with his BAR. He fired the bazooka at the same house which caused the remaining Germans to run. He saw five more Americans under fire from three German Tanks. With Anti-Tank grenades he caused the Germans to abandon the tanks so the Americans could escape. He then covered their by firing an abandoned heavy machine gun at the Germans. He kept the Germans at bay for twelve hours. After nightfall Currey and his companions managed to find a jeep and return to their own lines. Sergeant Currie was credited with saving five fellow Americans, two of them wounded. He also stopped an attack by Germans that threatened to flank (attack from the side) his division.

In addition to being awarded the Medal of Honor, Francis Currey also received the Silver Star, Bronze Star Medal and Purple Heart. Belgium awarded him their nation's highest honor,the Order of Leopold. He was inducted into the New York State Senate Veterans' Hall of Fame in 2006.

After the Army, Currey returned to New York. He worked at the VA Hospital in Albany, New York. He held several positions with the hospital and retired as a in 1980. He started a landscaping business in his retirement. He moved to South Carolina where he lived for about 20 years, then he returned to Selkirk, New York. Since 2004 his hometown of Hurleyville, New York has held an annual Francis S. Currey day in his honor. in 2009 Governor David Paterson of New York proclaimed July 12, 2009 as Sgt. Francis S. Currey day in the state of New York.

Currey died on October 8, 2019 in Selkirk, New York at the age of 94.


Einar H. Ingman Jr.

Einar Harold Ingman, Jr. (October 6, 1929 - September 9, 2015) was a former United States Army soldier. He is a recipient of the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Korean War.

Ingman was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Ronald E. Rosser

Ronald Eugene Rosser (October 24, 1929 – August 26, 2020) was a United States Army soldier. He was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Korean War.

Rosser was born in Columbus, Ohio.

Rosser died on August 26, 2020 at the age of 90.


Tibor Rubin

Tibor "Ted" Rubin (June 18, 1929 - December 5, 2015) is a Hungarian-born Holocaust survivor and a former United States Army soldier. He is a recipient of the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Korean War.

Rubin was born in Pásztó, Nógrád County.


Ono Academic College

Ono Academic College () is a private university in Kiryat Ono, Israel. It was opened in 1996.

The college has a separate campus that serves Haredi Jews. It was opened in 2001 by Renan Hartman. The college allows men to attend classes on different days than women. In 2003, Rabbi Yehezkel Fogel was appointed chairman to of the campus. Presently there is in the campus nearly 3,000 undergraduate students.

After Forever

After Forever was a Dutch symphonic metal band. The band started in 1995 as Apocalypse. They played death metal. In 1997 the singer Floor Jansen joined the band. After Jansen joined the band its sound became more like symphonic metal. In 2000 the band released their first album "Prison of Desire" in Europe. The band's last album "After Forever" was released on September 28, 2007. The band broke up in 2009.

Mersin Province

Mersin Province is a province in southern Turkey. It is on the Mediterranean coast between Antalya and Adana. 

In 2002, the province's name was changed from İçel to Mersin. The province retained the license plate number of 33, İçel having been the 33rd in the alphabetical order of Turkish province names.

87% of the land area is mountain.
About 50% of the population of the province is younger than 24 years of age. 68% were born in Mersin. The literacy rate is 89%. 

Mersin Province is divided into thirteen districts. Four of them are actually included within the municipality of Mersin city (shown in boldface letters).


In the table below, the four second-level municipalities are merged within Mersin proper.

Bronchiectasis

Bronchiectasis is an obstructive lung disease. It is caused by inflammation of the bronchi. It is sometimes said to be part of the group of diseases called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. People with bronchiectasis have swollen bronchi.

People with bronchiectasis have pain in their chests. Some people with bronchiectasis make sputum that is green or pale yellow. The most common symptom of bronchiectasis is a cough that does not go away. 9 out of 10 people with the disease have this symptom. 3 out of 4 people with bronchiectasis often cough up a lot of sputum. This causes tiredness. People with bronchiectasis may also cough up blood. This is called haemoptysis. People with bronchiectasis may have bad breath. Some people with bronchiectasis have sinusitis that does not go away.

There are three kinds of bronchiectasis. These are:

People can be born with bronchiectasis or they can develop it later. In about 4 out of 10 cases, a cause is found. People who have rheumatoid arthiritis and smoke are ten times more likely to have the disease. Patients with alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency have also been found to be more likely to get bronchiectasis but it is not known why.

It is usually diagnosed using a CT scan.

Antibiotics are used to treat bronchiectasis. It can also be treated with other drugs. Sometimes surgery is needed.

To prevent bronchiectasis, it is essential to avoid lung infections and lung damage that can cause it. Children should get vaccines to protect against measles, whooping cough, and pneumonia. Parents should watch their children to prevent them from breathing in small objects like food or toys. People with bronchiectasis should avoid smoking and breathing in harmful fumes or gases that can cause infections and more problems.

To slow down the progress of this long-term disease, doctors recommend keeping the airways clear and removing mucus from the lungs. Antibiotics can be used to treat infections and stop the cycle of damage and more infections. Regular vaccines for pneumonia, the flu, and whooping cough can also help. Maintaining a healthy body weight and seeing a doctor regularly can also be helpful. The severity of symptoms and the extent of damage seen on X-rays can affect how likely a person is to survive this disease.

René Laennec wrote the first description of bronchiectasis in 1819.

Carbon-14

Carbon-14 is an isotope of the element carbon, so named because it has an atomic mass of 14. It has an atomic nucleus containing 8 neutrons and 6 protons. 6 is the Atomic number for all carbon isotopes. Carbon-14 is also called “carbon 14” or “radiocarbon”, or in symbols: C, or C, or C.

Carbon 14 is the only radioactive isotope of carbon found in nature. It is generated in the Earth’s atmosphere by Cosmic rays and decays with a Half-life of about 5700 years. This long half life makes Carbon 14 exist for enough time to be detected. Other isotopes of carbon are either stable, or have a short half life. 

The amount of carbon 14 that remains after the death of a living thing is a measure of that time. This is useful for as long as 60,000 years. This measurement is radiocarbon dating.

Neutrons in cosmic rays collide with nitrogen in the atmosphere and the collision produces carbon 14 and hydrogen. Plants and other living things take up carbon in the carbon cycle. When a thing dies, there is no source of carbon, and the carbon 14 in the body decays to nitrogen (and also to electrons, antineutrinos, and gamma rays). 

List of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft

The list of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft has been split up by year. They can be found at:

Bison antiquus

Bison antiquus, sometimes called the "ancient bison", was the most common large herbivore that lived in North America during the Pleistocene for over ten thousand years, and is a direct ancestor of the living American bison.

Ahmad Tejan Kabbah

Alhaji Ahmad Tejan Kabbah (February 16, 1932 – March 13, 2014) was a Sierra Leonean politician, economist and lawyer. He was the third President of Sierra Leone from 1996 to 1997 and again from 1998 to 2007. He was born in Pendembu, Kailahun District.

Kabbah died after a long illness on March 13, 2014. He was 82 years old.


Icchokas Meras

Icchokas Meras (8 October 1934 – 13 March 2014) was a Lithuanian-Israeli writer and screenwriter. On 6 December 2010, he was awarded the Lithuanian National Prize. He was born in Kelmė, Šiauliai County. He was Jewish and survived the Holocaust.

Meras died in Tel Aviv, Israel. He was 79 years old.


Ahmad Reza Baharlou

Ahmad Reza Baharlou (, born in Darab, Iran) is a former television presenter, movie director, producer and the first director of the Voice of America Persian Service (VOA-PNN).

Baharlou studied economics at the National University (Shahid Beheshti University). He went to the United States of America in 1973 and studied moviemaking. He stayed there until 1978. He made his first movie called "The End of Childhood". In 1978, he came back to Iran for a very short time and then came back to the United States and started to work for the Voice of America. He quit working for the VOA-PNN in 2008.

Ivan Nagy (dancer)

Ivan Nagy (28 April 1943 – 22 February 2014) was a Hungarian ballet dancer. During the Cold War, Nagy began to dance in Washington, D.C. and soon became a well known ballet dancer. 

Nagy was born in Debrecen, eastern Hungary on 28 April 1943.

He worked with Carla Fracci and with Marianna Tcherkassky. His career began in 1965. Nagy retired in 1978. Since the 1980s he worked as an artistic director.

Nagy died on 22 February 2014 in Budapest from an illness, aged 70.

Joe M. Jackson

Joe Madison Jackson (March 14, 1923 – January 13, 2019) was a retired American soldier. He served as a career officer in the United States Air Force. He received the Medal of Honor during the Vietnam War for a dangerous rescue operation of three American military personnel. He was born in Newnan, Georgia.

Jackson died on January 13, 2019 at his home in Washington state at the age of 95.

Decimal Day

Decimal Day is the name that was given to 15 February 1971 in the United Kingdom (UK). It was the day that the UK decimalised (converted to a decimal-based system of currency). Before that date the UK used the "pound (£) - shilling (s) - pence (d)" currency system. The old system was known as the "£sd" system, after the abbreviations of the unit names. £sd is pronounced L-S-D. In the £sd system £1 = 20s and 1s = 12d, so £1 = 240d. In the new decimal system there are no shillings and there are 100 (new) pence (abbreviated as "p") in a pound - so £1 = 100p.

Silver Star

The Silver Star (officially the Silver Star Medal), is the United States third highest military decoration for valor. It can be awarded to any person serving in the United States Armed Forces. The medal is awarded for gallantry in action against an enemy of the United States.

The "Silver Star" is the successor award to the earlier "Citation Star". The Citation Star was established by an act of Congress on July 9, 1918. On July 19, 1932, the Secretary of War approved changing the "Citation Star" to the Silver Star Medal. The original "Citation Star" is added to the center of medal. The "Silver Star's" ribbon is red, white and blue. Authorization for the Silver Star Medal was placed into law by an act of Congress for the U.S. Navy on August 7, 1942. An Act of Congress for the U.S. Army was authorized on December 15, 1942. The US Army and Air Force currently awards the medal as the "Silver Star". The US Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard continues to award the medal as the "Silver Star Medal".

The Silver Star is awarded to anyone serving in or with the United States Armed Forces, for "gallantry in action". This is: 

Air Force pilots, combat systems officers, Navy and Marine Corps aviators and Naval Flight Officers flying fighter aircraft are often considered eligible to receive the Silver Star upon becoming an ace ( having five or more confirmed aerial kills). In multi-seat fighters, the weapon systems officer or radar intercept officer is also eligible. The Silver Star may also be awarded to members of the armed forces of friendly foreign nations meeting the criteria.

The Silver Star is worn on the uniform after the Distinguished Service Medal. It is to be worn before the Defense Superior Service Medal. When a second (or more) award is given for the Silver Star, an oak leaf cluster is added to the ribbon.



Solar thermal energy

Solar thermal energy is a way of producing electricity in which the Sun's energy is concentrated by mirrors or lenses to either heat a fluid-filled pipe or drive a Stirling engine. The oil which is hot is circulated into a water storage system where it is used to change water into superheated steam, that then turns a turbine to generate electricity. The heat that is produced through this process powers a Stirling engine. The Stirling engine provides electricity and mechanical energy by having the fluid from within a cylinder expand, which then drives a piston that turns a shaft.

Solar thermal energy is primarily used domestically for space heating, hot water, and in some cases air conditioning. Solar thermal energy is renewable and no fuels are required during the process to generate electricity or mechanical energy. It is also carbon free except for production and transportation, otherwise it is non-polluting. Solar thermal can also be combined with photovoltaics (PVs), in highly efficient cogeneration systems. Some downsides are that solar thermal generates low grade energy, installation and construction costs are very high, it is expensive compared to conventional water heaters, and is hard to compete against cheap natural gas. An example of a Solar Thermal Electric Generation Plant is the Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System that uses 300,000 computer-controlled mirrors, that focuses sunlight to the top of 459-foot towers, where water is turned into steam to power turbines.

Arctic National Wildlife Refuge

The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (abbreviated ANWR) is in northeastern Alaska. It was created to protect and keep the area's Wildlife and wilderness. Some of these are polar bears, grizzly bears, grey wolves, and caribou. Fish species include Dolly Varden, Arctic char, Lake trout and several kinds of salmon. There are at least 194 species of birds that visit or live here. The refuge totals 19,286,722 acres. 

In the ground under ANWR is one of the last major oil reserves in the United States. There are debates on whether or not to allow oil drilling. Those in favor have argued that removing the oil will make the U.S. less dependent on foreign supplies of oil. In the 1990s, the U.S. imported over half of the oil it used. ANWR is also near the Prudhoe Bay Oil Field. It contains large oil deposits that are already providing oil. But, the refuge land is a fragile natural environment. The area proposed for oil drilling is also the calving grounds for the Porcupine caribou herds.

Scrubber

Scrubber systems are used to make coal a "cleaner" fuel. Scrubbers remove sulfur from a power plant's exhaust. Scrubbers are of two types, wet scrubbers and dry scrubbers. Wet scrubbers use liquid chemicals to remove pollutants. Dry scrubbers typically use fabric filters. In many cases both are used together. As polluted air passes through a wet scrubber, chemicals in the scrubber react with the air pollution causing it to precipitate out. Modern scrubbers can remove up to 98% of the sulfur and 99% of the precipitate matter from within the smokestacks. The sulfur and metals that are removed from the scrubbers can be sold as a marketable products. Sludge from lime scrubbers can be sold to wallboard manufacturers, and fly ash from chimney flues can be sold to make lightweight concrete that can substitute for wood. The use of coal in the United States about doubled during the last quarter (25 years) of the 20th century. However, sulfur in the air was reduced by 30% during that same period. This shows that scrubbers work.

Floyd Adams Jr.

Floyd Adams, Jr. (May 11, 1945 – February 1, 2014) was an American politician. He was from the state of Georgia. He was the former Mayor of Savannah, Georgia. He was a Democrat.

Adams died in Savannah at the St. Joseph's Hospital from unknown causes. He was 68 years old.

Anthracite

Anthracite, often referred to as hard coal, is a type of dark coloured coal. Anthracite produces the fewest pollutants per unit of heat released, having the highest-heat value, and the lowest sulfur content. At the moment, deposits are largely depleted.

Anthracite is the most metamorphosed type of coal currently known to science.

China does most mining of anthracite. Other producers are Russia, Ukraine, North Korea, South Africa, Vietnam, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and the United States (east of the Mississippi River and Pennsylvania). Total production in 2010 was 670 million tons.

Fluidized bed combustion

Fluidized bed combustion is a technology that burns crushed coal mixed with limestone to neutralize acidic sulfur compounds produced during combustion.

Gerd Albrecht

Gerd Albrecht (19 July 1935 – 2 February 2014) was a German conductor. He was a first-prize winner at the International Besançon Competition for Young Conductors at age 22. He composed with many famous European orchestras such as Deutsche Oper Berlin, the Tonhalle-Orchester Zürich and the Hamburg State Opera.

Albrecht was born in Essen. Albrecht died at the age of 78 on 2 February 2014 in Berlin, Germany.

Jimmer Fredette

James Taft "Jimmer" Fredette (born February 25, 1989 in Glens Falls, New York) is an American professional basketball player. In 2014, he joined the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Bob Love

Robert Earl "Butterbean" Love (born December 8, 1942 in Bastrop, Louisiana) is an American retired professional basketball player. In 1968, he joined the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He retired in 1976. Love now works as the Bulls' Director of Community Affairs.

Jerry Sloan

Gerald Eugene "Jerry" Sloan (March 28, 1942 – May 22, 2020) was a National Basketball Association player and head coach, and a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame. He played for the Chicago Bulls from 1966 to 1976. He soon coached them from 1979 to 1982. He also coached the Utah Jazz from 1988 to 2011. Sloan was born in McLeansboro, Illinois.

In April 2016, Sloan was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and Lewy body dementia.

Sloan died on May 22, 2020 in Salt Lake City, Utah at the age of 78.

We Are What We Are

We are What We Are is an American horror and thriller movie released in 2013. The movie is about a seemingly wholesome family who always keep to themselves. As a severe rainstorm hits, bad things happen. Daughters Iris and Rose have to take more responsibility than in a normal family. Kelly McGillis plays Marge.

The reviews were mostly positive. This movie was marked R (restricted) by the MPAA for "disturbing violence, nudity".

Zbigniew Brzezinski

Zbigniew Kazimierz Brzezinski ( ;   ; March 28, 1928 – May 26, 2017) was a Polish American political scientist, geostrategist, and statesman. He served as the United States National Security Advisor to President Jimmy Carter from 1977 to 1981.

Brzezinski died at a hospital in Falls Church, Virginia on May 26, 2017 from congestive heart failure at the age of 89.

Amy Smart

Amy Smart (born March 26, 1976) is an American actress and former fashion model. She played Julie Harbor in "Varsity Blues" (1999). She played Lillian Hart in "Columbus Circle" (2012).

Smart was born in Topanga, California.

Hans Blix

Hans Martin Blix (born 28 June 1928) is a Swedish politician, civil servant, educator, activist, businessman, diplomat, and chief executive.

He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs for Sweden from 1978 to 1979. He was one of the first Swedish representatives to inspect the Chernobyl disaster in the Soviet Union.

Blix was born on 28 June 1928 in Uppsala, Sweden. He studied at Uppsala University, Columbia University, University of Cambridge and at Stockholm University.


Larry Mickey

Robert Larry Mickey (October 21, 1943 – July 23, 1982) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. Mickey played a total of 11 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Black Hawks, New York Rangers, Toronto Maple Leafs, Montreal Canadiens, Los Angeles Kings, Philadelphia Flyers, and Buffalo Sabres.

When he was playing in the Central Hockey League with the Omaha Knights, he was named to the first team of the All-Stars during the 1966-67 season. His team also made it to the Adams Cup finals the same year.

On April 16, 1967, the night before the third game of the Adams Cup play-off series versus the Oklahoma City Blazers, Mickey got into a car accident on a country road near Seward, Nebraska. The crash was caused by the visibility of the road being almost zero because of dust that was blowing from a nearby field. Mickey suffered a broken left arm, cuts, and bruises. His wife Eleanor, who was a passenger in Mickey's car, died in the accident.

On July 23, 1982, Mickey committed suicide in Buffalo, New York by sitting in his car while the engine was running in his garage.


Rick Blight

Richard Derek Blight (October 17, 1955 – April 3, 2005) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. Blight played a total of 5 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Vancouver Canucks and Los Angeles Kings.

Blight was drafted with the 10th overall by the Vancouver Canucks in the 1975 NHL Entry Draft. After Blight retired from hockey, he became a stockbroker and marketing consultant. He was inducted into the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame in 1995.

Blight disappeared on April 3, 2005. After two weeks and a Canada-wide search, his body was found dead in a field on his farm near Lake Manitoba with his pickup nearby. It was confirmed that Blight had committed suicide.

Control panel (engineering)

A control panel is a flat surface area which has controlling or monitoring devices. Control panels are used in many places to control and monitor machines. Old control panels use buttons, while modern control panels use touchscreens. An automation engineer takes a mechanical device from a customer and makes it automated with the help of a control panel. The engineers in this field use AutoCAD and other software to design their control panel before using it to make a device automated.

Wiring diagram

A wiring diagram is a diagram that shows electrical devices and the electrical wires that connect them. It shows the position and arrangement of each device to be connected by those wires. It may be used to plan where things should be located and wired, or to find them afterwards.


Vybz Kartel

Adidja Azim Palmer (born 7 January 1976) better known as Vybz Kartel, is a Jamaican dancehall musician. Kartel started a line of liquor in 2008.

Kartel has worked with Jay-Z, Rihanna, Missy Elliott, Busta Rhymes, M.I.A, Pharrell, Kardinal Offishall, Akon, Jim Jones, Lil Wayne and Eminem.

On 29 September 2011, Kartel was arrested. Jamaica's Major Investigation Taskforce (MIT) charged him with murder. Kartel was found guilty after a 65-day trial. He was sentenced to life imprisonment on 3 April 2014.

Sidharth Malhotra

Sidharth Malhotra (born 16 January 1985) is an Indian actor and former model. He appears in Hindi language films of Bollywood. He started his career in movies with Karan Johar's movie Student of the Year (2012), along with other newcomers, Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt, for which he received a nomination in the Filmfare award for Best Male Debut. Later, he gained appreciation in the 2014 movie "Hasee Toh Phasee" in which he was paired opposite Parineeti Chopra, recently he has been paired opposite Shraddha Kapoor in "Ek Villain" which has been released on June 27, 2014. Besides acting in movies, he performs in award functions and is a celebrity endorser for many brands.

Bronze Star Medal

The Bronze Star Medal is the fourth-highest individual military award. It is the ninth-highest award by order of in the US Military. It may be awarded for acts of heroism, acts of merit, or meritorious service in a combat zone. When it is awarded for acts of heroism, the medal is awarded with the "V" device attached. The required acts are less heroic than those that qualify for the Silver Star.

The medal is sometimes called the Bronze Star. Foreign soldiers, as well as officers from the other federal uniformed services are also eligible to receive the decoration. They must be serving with a service branch of the United States Armed Forces.

The Bronze Star Medal was an idea by Colonel Russell P. "Red" Reeder in 1943. He believed it would aid if there was a medal which could be awarded by captains of companies or batteries to deserving people serving under them. Reeder felt another medal was needed for ground forces that was equivalent to the Air Medal. He proposed that the new award be called the "Ground Medal". The idea eventually gained support. General George C. Marshall wrote a memorandum (note) to President Franklin D. Roosevelt dated 3 February 1944. He wrote: 

The Air Medal had been adopted two years earlier to raise airmen's morale. President Roosevelt authorized the Bronze Star Medal by Executive Order 9419 dated 4 February 1944. The order was made to 7 December 1941. The Executive Order was amended by President John F. Kennedy. The Executive Order 11046 dated 24 August 1962 expanded the authorization to include those serving with friendly forces. This allowed for awards where US service members might be involved in an armed conflict where the United States was not a . At the time of the Executive Order the US was not a belligerent in Vietnam. So any US advisers serving with the Republic of Vietnam Armed Forces would not have been eligible for the award.

A study was conducted in 1947. The outcome was the policy was changed to make the retroactive award of the Bronze Star Medal (without the "V" device) to all soldiers who had received the Combat Infantryman Badge. It also included those who received the Combat Medical Badge during World War II. The reason for doing this was that the badges were awarded to soldiers who experienced the hardships described in General Marshall's memorandum. Both badges required a recommendation by the commander and a citation in orders.

The Bronze Star is worn on the uniform after the Soldier's Medal or the Airman's Medal. It is to be worn before the Purple Heart. When a second (or more) award is given for the Silver Star, an oak leaf cluster is added to the ribbon. The "V" device (for valor) is worn on the center of the ribbon. Any oak leaf clusters are worn to the right or left of the "V".


Neovenator

Neovenator is a dinosaur related to the clade which contains "Allosaurus" as its key member. Since the discovery of "Neovenator" on the Isle of Wight, UK, it has become one of the best-known large carnivorous dinosaurs in Europe. 

"Neovenator" was about 7.5 meters (24.5 feet) in length, and was of a slim build, weighting 10002000 kg. Some fossils suggest a length of about 10 meters (33 feet), but these fossils are very fragmentary. It lived during the early Cretaceous), about 125 million years ago.

Fossil remains of "Neovenator" have been found on the Isle of Wight (southern England), and were first discovered in the 20th century. "Neovenator" existed alongside "Baryonyx", "Polacanthus" and "Iguanadon" in the early Cretaceous. It was one of the top predators of its day.

The holotype of "Neovenator salerii" had many pathologies. They were "midcaudal vertebrae fusions, healed fractures of mid-caudal vertebra transverse processes; osteophytes affecting pedal phalanges, healed gastralia rib fractures, some forming false joints... [and] scapula fracture". This means the individual survived and healed after a number of bone fractures.

Harry Harlow

Harry Frederick Harlow (October 31, 1905 – December 6, 1981) was an American psychologist. He did experiments on rhesus monkeys in which he separated babies from their mothers.

Harlow was born Harry Israel on October 31, 1905. He changed his name from Israel because he did not want to be treated badly for seeming Jewish. Harlow started working at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

Tenor Saw

Clive Bright (stage name: Tenor Saw; December 6, 1966 – August 1988) was an important reggae musician in the 1980s. He had several hit songs. His best-known one was "Ring the Alarm" in 1985.

In August 1988, Tenor Saw was killed during a hit and run accident in Houston, Texas. He was 21.

Vanessa Carlton

Vanessa Lee Carlton (born August 16, 1980) is an American singer. She was born in Milford, Pennsylvania. In 2002 her first album "Be Not Nobody" was released. It reached number one in Australia.

Carlton came out as bisexual on June 19, 2010.

We All Sleep Alone

"We All Sleep Alone" is a hit song from Cher's 1987 album, "Cher". The song was released in late January 1988.

There are several versions of the song.

Queensbridge, Queens

Queensbridge Houses is a housing development in Long Island City, Queens, New York City. It opened in 1939 and is owned by the New York City Housing Authority. Queensbridge Houses is the largest housing development in North America. The 3,142-unit complex is home to around 6,907 people.

Louise Post

Louise Lightner Post (born December 7, 1966) is the guitarist for the rock band Veruca Salt. 

In 1993 Post started Veruca Salt with her friend Nina Gordon in Chicago. The band released their first album "American Thighs" in 1994. In 1998 Gordon left the band. The band broke up in 2012. In 2013 the band got back together.

Stella Soleil

Stella Katsoudas (born November 3, 1971) is a Greek-American singer. She is better known as Stella Soleil. She sings for the band Dirty Little Rabbits. She sung for another band called Whorse.

Richmond, Rhode Island

Richmond is a town in Washington County, Rhode Island. It is in the southwestern region. At the 2020 census, 8,020 people lived in Richmond. There are several villages in the town.

Dušan Pašek

Dušan Pašek (7 September 1960 – 15 March 1998) was a Czechoslovakian professional ice hockey centre. Pašek played one season in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Minnesota North Stars. Pašek was drafted with the 81st overall pick by the Minnesota North Stars in the 1982 NHL Entry Draft.

He also played for Czechoslovakia at the 1984 Winter Olympics where they won a silver medal. When he retired, he became the president of the Slovak Ice Hockey Federation.

On 15 March 1998, Pašek committed suicide by gunshot in his office at Slovan Bratislava in the wake of Slovakia's disappointing performance at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan. He left six suicide notes for his wife, his three children, the Slovak Ice Hockey Federation and Slovan Bratislava officials. He said that he was sorry for killing himself and asked that others try to understand his decision.

Purple Heart

The Purple Heart is a United States military decoration. It is awarded in the name of the President to those wounded or killed, while serving, on or after April 5, 1917, with the U.S. military. It is the successor to the Badge of Military Merit, which took the form of a heart made of purple cloth. The Purple Heart is the oldest military award still given to U.S. military members. The National Purple Heart Hall of Honor is located in New Windsor, New York.

The original Purple Heart, called the "Badge of Military Merit", was established by George Washington in 1782. The Badge of Military Merit was only awarded to three Revolutionary War soldiers. If any more had been awarded, any records of being given that award have been lost. The badge was never abolished, it was just forgotten about until after World War I. 

In 1932 General Douglas MacArthur urged the revival of the Purple Heart medal and he was awarded the first one. The War Department authorized the medal under General Order Number 3. The award was "to be awarded to persons who, while serving in the Army of the United States perform any singular meritorious act of extraordinary fidelity or essential service." 
With the establishment of the Legion of Merit award, the Purple Heart was no longer awarded for meritorious service. By Executive Order 9277, dated December 3, 1942, the award was to only be given for wounds received. Additional Executive orders added circumstances where the award can be given. In 1962 it was ordered the medal could be given posthumously (after the person died). A 1984 change allowed the award to be given for wounds received as a result of terrorist attacks or while serving as part of a peacekeeping force. In 1986 public Law 99-145 authorized the award for wounds received as a result of friendly fire. 

Because the medal was given out during many conflicts, the exact number of Purple Hearts awarded is not known.

The Purple Heart medal is worn on the uniform after the Bronze Star Medal. It is to be worn before the Defense Meritorious Service Medal. In the Army and Air Force when a second or more Purple Heart is awarded, oak leaf clusters are used. The Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard use 5/16 inch stars to show multiple awards.


Meir Har-Zion

Meir Har-Zion (25 February 1934 – 14 March 2014) was an Israeli military commando. He was a key member of Unit 101. Chief of Staff Moshe Dayan described him as "the finest of our commando soldiers, the best soldier ever to emerge in the IDF." Meanwhile, Ariel Sharon described him as "the elite of the elite." He was born in Herzliya, British Mandate of Palestine.

Har-Zion died from natural causes on 14 March 2014. He was 80 years old.


Ken Utsui

Utsui died from natural causes on 14 March 2014 in his hometown of Tokyo. He was 82 years old.

Japanese people

Japanese people are a ethnic group and nation native to Japan. They are ethnically closely akin to other peoples of eastern Asia.

Otakar Brousek, Sr.

Otakar Brousek (28 September 1924 – 14 March 2014) was a Czech actor and voice actor. He appeared in the movies "Andělská tvář" (2002), "Svatby pana Voka" (1971), and "Můj brácha má prima bráchu" (1975). He also appeared in the television show "F. L. Věk" in 1971. He was born in Krhanice, Czechoslovakia.

Brousek died on 14 March 2014 in Prague, Czech Republic. He was 89 years old. He was outlived by his children, actors Otakar Brousek, Jr. and Jaroslava Brousková.

Roman Lyashenko

Roman Yurievich Lyashenko (May 1, 1979 – July 7, 2003) was a Russian professional ice hockey centre. Lyashenko played two seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Dallas Stars and New York Rangers.

Before he played in the NHL, he played 3 seasons in the RSL with Yaroslavl Torpedo. He was drafted with the 52nd overall pick by the Dallas Stars in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft. He has also played 15 games in the IHL with the Michigan K-Wings and Utah Grizzlies, as well as playing 2 seasons in the AHL with the Utah Grizzlies and Hartford Wolf Pack.

On July 7, 2003, Lyashenko committed suicide while on vacation in Antalya, Turkey with his mother and sister. Turkish police said that Lyashenko left a suicide note and tried to cut his wrists and arms before he hung himself. Glen Sather, general manager of the New York Rangers said "Roman was a quality individual who had a positive impact on everyone he touched, both on and off the ice." Dallas Stars general manager Doug Armstrong also said: "Roman was a quality young man who we were privileged to have in our organization for three years." Lyashenko was buried in Yaroslavl on July 12, 2003.


Glenn McDuffie

Glenn Edward McDuffie (May 31, 1927 – March 9, 2014) was an American retired World War II soldier. He was known for being the subject of Alfred Eisenstaedt's photograph "V-J Day in Times Square". He was kissing nurse Edith Shain because World War II ended. 

McDuffie was born in Kannapolis, North Carolina. He died on March 9, 2014 in Dallas, Texas from a heart attack, aged 86.

Terry Moore (actress)

Terry Moore (born Helen Luella Koford; January 7, 1929) is an American movie, television, and stage actress. She is known for her roles in "Mighty Joe Young" and in "Come Back Little Sheba". She was nominated for an Academy Award in 1952.

Moore was born on January 7, 1929 in Glendale, California.


Teddy Ruxpin

Teddy Ruxpin is a teddy bear who talks. He moves his mouth and eyes when 'reading' stories. The toys were first sold in 1985 and produced until 2010. The most recent version came out in 2017 by Wicked Cool toys.

Daughter (song)

"Daughter" is an alternative rock single by the American rock group Pearl Jam. It was released internationally in 1993. It was released in the United States on June 27, 1995.

The song was a moderate hit in Canada and United Kingdom.

Marc Potvin

Marc Potvin (January 29, 1967 – January 13, 2006) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. Potvin played six years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Detroit Red Wings, Los Angeles Kings, Hartford Whalers and Boston Bruins. He was the second cousin of Hall of Famer Denis Potvin and cousin of Jean Potvin.

Before he played in the NHL, he played 4 years of college hockey at Bowling Green State University. He was drafted with the 169th overall pick by the Detroit Red Wings in the 1986 NHL Entry Draft. Potvin also played in the AHL with the Adirondack Red Wings, Providence Bruins and Portland Pirates, as well as one season in the IHL with the Chicago Wolves. When he retired, he became the assistant coach of the Adirondack Red Wings. After that, became the head coach of the Mississippi Sea Wolves in the ECHL for a year. He went on to coach the Springfield Falcons of the AHL for 2 seasons, in the UHL with the Adirondack IceHawks for 2 seasons and 1 season when it was renamed the Adirondack Frostbite. 

On January 13, 2006, Potvin was found dead in his Kalamazoo, Michigan hotel room. He was found hours before the Frostbite were set to play the Kalamazoo Wings. On February 10, police ruled that his death was a suicide. Police said that he hung himself with a belt from the shower rod in his hotel bathroom.


Kannapolis, North Carolina

Kannapolis, North Carolina is a city in Cabarrus and Rowan counties in North Carolina. It is near Charlotte. In 2020, 53,114 people lived there.

Deeper and Deeper

"Deeper and Deeper" is a dance-pop single by Madonna. The song was released in December 1992. The song is about homosexual issues. It was 1970s inspired, and has disco-like themes.

The album version is about five minutes and thirty-three seconds long. The longest version is nine minutes long.

Tom Cavanagh (ice hockey)

Thomas Garrett Cavanagh (March 24, 1982 – January 6, 2011) was an American professional ice hockey center. Cavanagh played 18 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the San Jose Sharks.

Before he played in the NHL, he played 4 years of college hockey at Harvard University. During his time there, he was named the ECAC Hockey Best Defensive Forward in the 2004–05 season. He was drafted with the 182nd overall pick by the San Jose Sharks in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

During his time with the San Jose Sharks, he set a franchise record for the quickest point scored by a rookie when he assisted on a Joe Thornton goal that came 36 seconds into Cavanagh's first game in the NHL. He was also the Worcester Sharks' all-time scoring leader with 138 points in 202 games.

On January 6, 2011, Cavanagh was found dead in the parking garage of Providence Place Mall. He locked his car and jumped from an upper level to his death. The police said that his death was a suicide. He had been diagnosed with schizophrenia and was put into institutions during the last months of his life.


Nicholas Hoult

Nicholas Caradoc Hoult (Wokingham; born 7 December 1989) is an English actor. 

Hoult is a versatile actor who has been acting since he was three years old. His extensive filmography includes leading roles in major productions, work in conventional productions and leading roles in independent projects, in the American and British film industries. His successful start in the seventh art came when he played Marcus in "About a Boy" (2002) at the age of eleven—previously, he had recorded several episodes in British television series and had appeared in the film "Intimate Relations" (1996). — Since then, his legacy has continued to spread, appearing in series and acclaimed films. At the age of 17, he played the character Tony Stonem in the British series "Skins" (2007-2008), a role that helped him make the transition from child actor to darker roles in the film industry, achieving success and recognition. And not It would not be until a decade later that he would return to a series to play Emperor Peter III of Russia in "The Great" (2020-2023), which earned him nominations for two Golden Globe Awards and a Primetime Emmy Award. His jump to Hollywood began with the drama "A Single Man" (2019), for which he earned a BAFTA nomination. Among his outstanding film repertoire are the action film "" (2015) and "Young Ones" (2014); the fantasy films "Clash of the Titans" (2010) and "Jack the Giant Slayer" (2013); the superhero films "" (2011), "" (2014), "" (2016) and "Dark Phoenix" (2019); the biographical films "Rebel in the Rye" (2017) and "Tolkien" (2019); the romantic comedies "Warm Bodies" (2013) and "Equals" (2015); the black comedies "Kill your friends" (2015), "The Favourite" (2018), "The Menu" (2022) and "Renfield" (2023); the drama films "Dark Places" (2015), "Sand Castle" (2017), "The Current War" (2019), and "True History of the Kelly Gang" (2019); and the gothic horror film "Nosferatu" (2024). 

Hoult is also a vocal actor, providing his voice to narrations, audiobooks and various animated characters; such as the animated character Ace in the film "Metegol" (2013), ​the rabbit Fiver in the acclaimed British miniseries "Watership Down" (2018), ​the character of Patrick in the adult stop-motion film "Crossing Swords" (2020-2021) ​or to the character of Jon Arbuckle in the animated film "The Garfield Movie" (2024). 

At the Trafalgar Studios theater in London he starred in the play "New Boy" in 2009. He appeared on the annual "Forbes 30 Under 30" list in 2012. He also appeared in a music video by The Rolling Stones. He is a member of the Academy of Arts and American Film Sciences​ and has his own film production company known as Dead Duck Films.

Ambassador of brands such as Tom Ford Jaguar Cars, Biotherm, Emporio Armani, and Jaeger-LeCoultre among others.

He is the father of two children with the model Bryana Holly.

Nicholas Hoult is a regular on the lists of the most elegant on red carpets or at movie premieres. ""Hoult has been one of the best dressed men in Hollywood for years,"" according to various lists and magazines. He is one of the actors who works on his own brand image beyond filming, creating an aura around him that transcends the film. Hoult is usually dressed in a classic but updated style, a sure value of elegance, being able to give style lessons at each of the galas he attends "“eye-catching without extravagance; elegant and risky"".​​

Lio Tipton

"This is about the American figure skater. For other people called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation)."

Lio Tipton (born November 9, 1988) is an American figure skater, actress, and fashion model. They became famous after coming third in Cycle 11 of "America's Next Top Model". They have also appeared in the movies "The Green Hornet" (2011), "Crazy, Stupid, Love" (2011), "Damsels in Distress" (2011), and "Warm Bodies" (2013).

Tipton was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Carlos Moreno (actor)

Carlos Moreno (29 August 1938 – 9 March 2014) was an Argentine actor and director. He worked most on movies and television shows. He was born in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province.

Moreno had a heart attack on 6 September 2013 and survived. On 9 March 2014, he had another heart attack, and died from it, in Buenos Aires. He was 75 years old.

T. Boone Pickens

Thomas Boone Pickens (May 22, 1928 – September 11, 2019), known as T. Boone Pickens, was an American businessman and financier. Pickens was the chairman of BP Capital Management. At the time of his death, Pickens had a net worth of $500 million. He was born in Holdenville, Oklahoma.

Pickens died on September 11, 2019 in Dallas, Texas from stroke-related problems at the age of 91.

Robert M. Pirsig

Robert Maynard Pirsig (September 6, 1928 – April 24, 2017) was an American writer and philosopher. He is known for writing many philosophy books. They include: "" (1974) and "" (1991).

Pirsig was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He died on April 24, 2017 at his home in South Berwick, Maine from a long-illness, aged 88.


Chaohusaurus

Chaohusaurus is an extinct genus of basal ichthyopterygian, or ichthyosaur, from the Lower Triassic of Chaohu and Yuanan, China. 

It was closer in time and form to "Cymbospondylus" and "Mixosaurus" than to more advanced genera like "Ichthyosaurus". It did not have the dolphin-like form of later ichthyosaurs, but it was fully aquatic. The tail fin is wide-based and short. The neck is rather long, whereas later ichthyosaurs have no neck. There is no dorsal fin.

It was one of the smallest ichthyosaurs, about 70 to 180 cm long. Its weight was about 10 kg.

A recent study of "Chaohusaurus" shows an early example of live birth. A remarkable feature was a baby close to emerging "head-first". The authors comment:

In other words, ichthyosaurs gave live birth when they were still land dwellers. Then, later, they adapted to an aquatic life.

Kirka

Kirill "Kirka" Babitzin (22 September 1950 - 31 January 2007) was a Finnish singer. Kirka's most famous songs include "Hengaillaan", "Leijat" (Kites) and "Varrella virran" (Down by the River)". Kirill Babitzin was born in Helsinki in 1950. His parents were Russian emigrants. He first got into music at the age of five when his grandmother gave him an accordion. He won an accordion competition when he was ten years old. He was soon attracted to rock and roll music. His first band was 'The Creatures', which he joined in 1964 assuming stage name Kirka.


Algebraic variety

In mathematics, algebraic varieties (also called varieties) are one of the central objects of study in algebraic geometry. The first definitions of algebraic variety defined it as the set of solutions of a system of polynomial equations, over the real or complex numbers. Modern definitions of an algebraic variety generalize this notion while they try to preserve the geometric intuition behind the original definition.

Conventions regarding the definition of an algebraic variety differ: Some authors require that an ""algebraic variety"" is, by definition, "irreducible" (which means that it is not the union of two smaller sets that are closed in the Zariski topology), while others do not. When the former convention is used, non-irreducible algebraic varieties are called algebraic sets.

The notion of variety is similar to that of manifold. One difference between a variety and a manifold is that a variety may have singular points, while a manifold will not. 
Proven around the year 1800, the fundamental theorem of algebra establishes a link between algebra and geometry by showing that a monic polynomial in one variable with complex coefficients (an algebraic object) is determined by the set of its roots (a geometric object). Generalizing this result, Hilbert's Nullstellensatz provides a fundamental correspondence between ideals of polynomial rings and algebraic sets. Using the Nullstellensatz and related results, mathematicians have established a strong correspondence between questions on algebraic sets and questions of ring theory. This correspondence is the specifity of algebraic geometry among the other subareas of geometry.

Gastralia

Gastralia are bones protecting the ventral area of a vertebrate. They are found in some living and fossil reptiles. Crocodiles, plesiosaurs, ichthyosaurs, and theropod dinosaurs have gastralia. Unlike ribs, they are not connected to the vertebrae.

Eyes Set to Kill

Eyes Set to Kill is an American post-hardcore band from Phoenix, Arizona. 

Sisters Alexia and Anissa Rodriguez started the band with Lindsey Vogt in 2003. In 2005 Caleb Clifton joined the band. In 2006 the band's first extended play was released. It sold 11,000 copies. Vogt left the band in 2007. Alexia took Vogt's place. The band released their first album "Reach" on February 19, 2008.

Bobby Vee

Robert Thomas Velline (April 30, 1943 – October 24, 2016), known as Bobby Vee, was an American pop singer who was a teen idol in the early 1960s. He was born in Fargo, North Dakota. He was a hit during the 1950s and 1960s. He wrote many songs. These included "Take Good Care of My Baby" and "Devil or Angel".

Bobby Vee said in 2012 that he has Alzheimer's disease, an illness in the brain that affects older people. On October 24, 2016, Vee died from complications of early onset Alzheimer's disease in Rogers, Minnesota at age 73.

Bert Gardiner

Wilbert Homer Gardiner (March 25, 1913 – August 28, 2001) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. Gardiner played 144 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Montreal Canadiens, Chicago Black Hawks, Boston Bruins, and New York Rangers.

Before he played in the NHL, he played with the Philadelphia Arrows of the CAHL and the Crescent-Hamilton A.C. of the Eastern Hockey League. He also played with the Philadelphia Ramblers of the CAHL/IAHL, the New Haven Eagles of the IAHL, and the Washington Lions of the AHL.

When Dave Kerr got injured in Game 1 of the 1939 Stanley Cup Finals, the Bruins called up Gardiner from Philadelphia to replace him. Gardiner played in the final six games of the finals.

Gardiner retired from professional ice hockey in 1944. He died on August 28, 2001 in Los Angeles, California.


Chantal Jones

Heather Chantal Jones (born September 8, 1988) is an American model and actress. She appeared on "America's Next Top Model". She is also known for her bubbly personality.

Jones was born in Austin, Texas.

Similarity (geometry)

Similarity is an idea in geometry. It means that two polygons, line segments, or other figures can become the same via resizing. Similar objects do not need to have the same size. Two shapes are similar if their angles have the same measure and their sides are proportional. Two circles, squares, or line segments are always similar. If figure formula_1 is similar to figure formula_2, then we write formula_3.

Similarity is very similar to congruence. Congruent shapes have the same sides and angles. Because of that, two shapes are congruent to each other if one can become another through rotating, reflecting or moving only. In fact, all shapes that are congruent to each other are also similar, but not vice versa.


Idina Menzel

Idina Kim Menzel (born Idina Kim Mentzel; May 30, 1971), is an American actress, songwriter, and singer.

Menzel was born Idina Kim Mentzel in Long Island, New York. She changed her name to make it simpler. Her parents divorced when she was young. As a kid her favorite songs were "Tomorrow" and "The Way We Were".

Menzel went to New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. She was a wedding singer until 1995.

In 1996, Menzel played Maureen Johnson in the Broadway show "Rent". She played that role through 1997. She was nominated for a Tony Award for the show.

In 1998, Menzel released her album, "Still I Can't Be Still". She did a month-long tour to promote it. Eighteen thousand copies were sold. She also played Circe in an episode of "".

In 2000, Menzel played Kate in the off-Broadway show "The Wild Party". She was nominated for a Drama Desk Award and a Drama League Award. In 2001, she played Dorothy in "Summer of '42" off-Broadway and Sheila in "Hair" at New York City Center Encores!

Menzel is known for her role as Elsa the Snow Queen in the 2013 movie "Frozen". She is also known for her role as Elphaba in the original Broadway production of "Wicked", for which she won a Tony Award in 2004. Other notable roles include Maureen Johnson in the original Broadway production of "Rent" and in the movie based on the play, Shelby Cororan in "Glee", and Nancy Tremaine in Disney's "Enchanted".

Menzel appeared in the Broadway show "If/Then". For her role in that show, she was nominated for a Tony Award. 

Menzel was born in Queens, New York.


Nick Lachey

Nicholas Scott "Nick" Lachey ( ; born November 9, 1973) is an American singer-songwriter, actor, producer, and television personality. He was best known as the lead singer of the multi-platinum selling boy band 98 Degrees.

Lachey was born in Harlan, Kentucky and was raised in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was married to singer Jessica Simpson from 2002 to 2006. He married model Vanessa Minnillo in 2011. Their son, Camden John Lachey, was born on September 12, 2012.

Lachey and his wife are hosts of the 2020 Netflix reality dating series, "Love Is Blind".


Vanessa Minnillo

Vanessa Joy Lachey (née Minnillo; born November 9, 1980) is an American television personality, fashion model, and actress. She was named Miss Teen USA in 1998. She has also been a correspondent for "Entertainment Tonight" from 2005 to 2007 and hosted "Total Request Live" on MTV.

Minnillo was born in Angeles, Pampanga, Philippines. Her mother is Filipino and her father is an American of Ashkenazi Jews, Irish and Italian ancestry.

She married singer-songwriter Nick Lachey in 2011. Their son, Camden John Lachey, was born on September 12, 2012.


David Brenner

David Brenner (February 4, 1936 – March 15, 2014) was an American comedian, actor, and author. He was known for appearing on "The Tonight Show". He is also known for his leading roles in "Snip" and in "Worth Winning".

Brenner died on March 15, 2014 in New York City, New York from pancreatic cancer, aged 78.

Elias James Corey

Elias James "E.J." Corey (born July 12, 1928) is an American chemist. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his theory of organic synthesis.

Corey was born in Mathuen, Massachusetts. His parents were Lebanese immigrants. He studied at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Jack Gelineau

John Edward "Jack" Gelineau (November 11, 1924 – November 12, 1998) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. Gelineau played 147 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Boston Bruins and Chicago Black Hawks.

Before he played in the NHL, Gelineau played college hockey for 4 years at McGill University. He has also played for the Quebec Aces of the QSHL and QHL. He won the Calder Memorial Trophy in 1950.

He retired from professional ice hockey in 1954. He died from cancer on November 12, 1998 in Montreal, Quebec.


Hec Highton

Hector Salisbury Highton (December 10, 1923 – September 28, 1985) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. Highton played 24 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Black Hawks.

Highton also played for the Providence Reds and St. Louis Flyers of the AHL as well as the Los Angeles Monarchs, Victoria Cougars, Vancouver Canucks, and Portland Eagles of the PCHL.

He retired from professional ice hockey in 1951. He died on September 28, 1985 in Los Angeles, California. He is buried at Forest Lawn – Hollywood Hills Cemetery in the Hollywood Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles.


Masi Oka

Oka was born in Tokyo, Japan. He moved to Los Angeles, California at a young age, before he settled in New York City, New York. His IQ is reported to be 180.

Jay Baruchel

Jonathan Adam Saunders "Jay" Baruchel (born April 9, 1982) is a Canadian actor and screenwriter. He has appearded in the well-known movies "Million Dollar Baby" (2004), "Knocked Up" (2007), "Tropic Thunder" (2008), "The Trotsky" (2009), "Fanboys" (2009), "She's Out of My League" (2010), "How to Train Your Dragon" (2010), "The Sorcerer's Apprentice" (2010) and "This Is the End" (2013).

Baruchel was born in Ottawa, Ontario. He grew up and still lives in the Notre-Dame-de-Grâce neighbourhood of Montreal, Quebec. He is of is French, German, Irish and Jewish (Sephardi) ancestry. He was engaged to actress Alison Pill from 2010 to 2013. He is an agnostic.

He appears in the two short films entitled 'The Watchmaker' and 'The Office of the Watchmaker' on the Canadian Band Rush live DVD/Blu-ray of 'Clockwork Angels Tour' released in 2013. The films were shown at the intermission and at the end of the concert.

Bob Janecyk

Robert T. Janecyk (born May 18, 1957 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American retired professional ice hockey goaltender. Janecyk played 110 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Black Hawks and the Los Angeles Kings.

Before he played in the NHL, Janecyk played at Chicago State University. He also played for the Fort Wayne Komets and Flint Generals of the IHL, as well as the New Brunswick Hawks, Springfield Indians, and the New Haven Nighthawks of the AHL. During his time with the New Brunswick Hawks in the 1981–82 AHL season, he won the Harry "Hap" Holmes Memorial Award. He also won the Ken McKenzie Trophy in the 1979-80 IHL season during his time with the Fort Wayne Komets. He retired from professional ice hockey in 1988.

His son Adam plays ice hockey at the University of Michigan.

Eddie Johnston

Edward Joseph Johnston (born November 24, 1935 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender, coach, and general manager. Johnston played 22 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Boston Bruins, Toronto Maple Leafs, St. Louis Blues, and Chicago Black Hawks. He was the head coach of the Black Hawks for 1 year and the head coach of the Pittsburgh Penguins for 7 years. He was also the general manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Hartford Whalers.

He won the Stanley Cup with the Bruins twice, in 1970 and 1972. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1978. He is the Penguins' all-time leader in coaching losses (224) and games coached (516).

Electric arc

An electric arc is an electrical breakdown of a gas which produces a plasma spark.

The electric arc was first described in 1801. Electric arcs are used for welding, plasma cutting and lighting for stage performances. Electric arc furnaces are used in making steel and other things.

Peter Shumlin

Peter Elliot Shumlin (born March 24, 1956) is an American politician. He was the Governor of Vermont from 2011 to 2017. In 2010, he was elected Governor of Vermont. He is a member of the Democratic Party of the United States.

Jay Nixon

Jeremiah Wilson "Jay" Nixon (born February 13, 1956) is an American politician. He was the Governor of Missouri from 2009 to 2017. He is a member of the Democratic Party of the United States.

Nixon's ancestor, John Inskeep, was mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Mike Karakas

Michael George Karakas (December 12, 1911 – May 2, 1992) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. Johnston played 6 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Black Hawks and the Montreal Canadiens. He was the NHL's first American-born and trained goaltender.

He won the Stanley Cup with the Black Hawks in the 1937–38 NHL season. During the playoffs, he broke his toe before the start of the Stanley Cup final against the Toronto Maple Leafs. The Black Hawks substituted Alfie Moore in the first game. After the first game, Moore was ruled ineligible, and the Black Hawks lost the next game. Karakas returned with a steel-toed boot and he won the next two games which lead to the Black Hawks winning their second Stanley Cup win.

In 1973, he was named as an original member of the United States Hockey Hall of Fame which is located in his hometown of Eveleth.


Dannel Malloy

Dannel Patrick "Dan" Malloy (born July 21, 1955) is an American politician. He was the Democratic Governor of Connecticut from 2011 to 2019.

Steve Beshear

Steven Lynn "Steve" Beshear (born September 21, 1944) is an American politician. In 2007, he became the Governor of Kentucky. He left office on December 8, 2015 because of term limits and was succeed by Matt Bevin.

In 1996, he ran for U.S. Senator representing Kentucky, but lost to Mitch McConnell.

Beshear delivered the Democratic response to a speech to a joint session of the United States Congress given by President Donald Trump on February 28, 2017. 

His son is Governor Andy Beshear.


Steve Bullock

Stephen Clark Bullock (born April 11, 1966) is an American politician. In 2013, he became the Governor of Montana. He left the office in 2021.

Bullock was born in Missoula, Montana. He graduated from Claremont McKenna College and Columbia Law School. He was a professor at the George Washington University Law School before opening his own law firm upon returning to Montana. In 2008, Bullock was elected Attorney General of Montana, and was the state's attorney general from 2009 to 2013.

In 2012, he beat Republican nominee Rick Hill in the 2012 gubernatorial general election with 48% of the vote. In 2016, Bullock won re-election with 50.2% of the vote, beating Republican nominee Greg Gianforte. 

Bullock chaired the National Governors Association from 2018 to 2019. 

On May 14, 2019, Bullock announced his candidacy for President of the United States in 2020. His slogan was "A Fair Shot for Everyone". He ended his campaign on December 2, 2019.

On March 8, 2020, Bullock announced his candidacy for the United States Senate challenging incumbent Republican Senator Steve Daines. He lost the election to Daines in November 2020.


John Kitzhaber

John Albert Kitzhaber (born March 5, 1947) is an American politician. In 2011, he became the Governor of Oregon. He was also Governor of Oregon from 1995 to 2003.

On February 13, 2015, Kitzhaber resigned as governor due to some serious allegations against him. His resignation became effect on February 18 when Kate Brown succeeded him.

On May 2, 2016, Kitzhaber announced his endorsement for Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in his 2016 nomination for the Democratic nomination.


Terry McAuliffe

Terence Richard "Terry" McAuliffe (born February 9, 1957) is an American politician. In 2014, he became the 72nd Governor of Virginia. His term ended on January 13, 2018, when he was succeeded in his position by Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam.

McAuliffe began his business career at the age of 14. He was seen as a possible candidate for President of the United States in the 2020.

On December 8, 2020, McAuliffe announced he would run for Governor again in the 2021 election. In June 2021, he won the Democratic nomination winning 62% of the vote. In November, he lost the election to Republican Glenn Youngkin.


Jack Markell

Jack Alan Markell (born November 26, 1960) is an American politician and businessman who is the United States ambassador to Italy and San Marino since 2023. Markell was the United States Ambassador to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development from 2022 to 2023. He was the Governor of Delaware from 2009 until 2017. Markell was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the State Treasurer of Delaware from 1999 to 2009.

In June 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Markell to be the U.S. Ambassador to the OECD. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 18, 2021.

On May 12, 2023, President Joe Biden nominated Markell to serve as the United States ambassador to Italy and San Marino. He was confirmed by the full Senate to this position on July 27, 2023.

Earl Ray Tomblin

Earl Ray Tomblin (born March 15, 1952) is an American politician. In 2010, he became Acting Governor of West Virginia after Joe Manchin was elected to the U.S. Senate. He was Acting governor from November 15, 2010 until 2011. From 2011 to 2017 he was the Governor of West Virginia. On October 2011, he won a special election to fill the term expiring in January 2013. On November 2012, he won election to his first full term. Before becoming governor, he was President of the West Virginia senate.

Aron Ralston

Aron Lee Ralston (born October 27, 1975) is an American outdoorsman, engineer, mountain climber, and motivational speaker. He is best known for having to amputate his own right arm to free himself from a boulder in Blue John Canyon, in eastern Wayne County, Utah on April 26, 2003. The event was the subject of his autobiography "Between a Rock and a Hard Place" and the 2010 movie "127 Hours", starring James Franco.

Ralston was born in Marion, Ohio and was raised in Denver, Colorado. During adulthood, he moved to Aspen, Colorado to pursue a life of climbing mountains. He has two children and lives in Boulder, Colorado.

Jack Carter (comedian)

Jack Chakrin (June 24, 1923 – June 28, 2015), known by his professional name of Jack Carter, was an American comedian, actor and host. He worked with Sid Caesar, Milton Berle, Imogene Coca, Carl Reiner, and Don Rickles.

Carter was born in Brooklyn, New York. He died of respiratory failure in Beverly Hills, California, aged 93.

Marc Lamothe

Marc Lamothe (born February 27, 1974) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. Lamothe played 4 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Black Hawks and the Detroit Red Wings.

Before playing in the NHL, Lamothe played 3 seasons in the OHL with the Kingston Frontenacs. He was drafted with the 92nd overall pick by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft. He has played for the Fredericton Canadiens, Syracuse Crunch, Hamilton Bulldogs and Grand Rapids Griffins of the AHL, as well as the Wheeling Thunderbirds of the ECHL and the Indianapolis Ice of the IHL. When he left North America, he joined Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the RSL. He also played for Severstal Cherepovets and SKA St. Petersburg. He played 15 games in the KHL with Barys Astana, 14 games in the SM-liiga with the Pelicans, and 15 games in the DEL with the Hamburg Freezers. His season with the Pelicans was cut short after he suffered a medial ligament tear in his knee. He returned to North America on November 23, 2010 after being released from the Freezers. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2011.


Marga Spiegel

Marga Spiegel (21 June 1912 – 11 March 2014) was a German writer. She was Jewish and survived the Holocaust of World War II. Her story was published into a book in 1969 and a movie, "Unter Bauern – Retter in der Nacht", released in 2009. She was born in Oberaula, Hesse, German Empire.

Spiegel died from natural causes on 11 March 2014 in Münster, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. She was 101 years old.

Bo Callaway

Howard Hollis Callaway, known as Bo Callaway (April 2, 1927 -March 15, 2014) was an American politician and businessman. He served as Secretary of the Army from 1973 to 1975. He was also a United States representative from Georgia.

Callaway was born in LaGrange, Georgia. In 1949 he graduated from West Point with a degree in military engineering. He died in Atlanta, Georgia from a brain hemorrhage, aged 86.

Everett L. Fullam

Everett Leslie "Terry" Fullam (July 1, 1930 – March 15, 2014) was an American priest, biblical scholar, and academic. He was best known to the Episcopal Church, and the Worldwide Anglican, Roman Catholic, and Protestant communities for his renewal ministries from 1972 to 1998. He was born in Montpelier, Vermont.

Fullam died after falling health on March 15, 2014 in Ormond Beach, Florida. He was 82 years old.

Michel Larocque (ice hockey, born 1976)

Michel Larocque (born October 3, 1976 in Lahr, West Germany) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. Larocque played 3 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Before playing in the NHL, Larocque played college hockey for 4 years at Boston University. During his time playing for BU, he was named the William Flynn Tournament Most Valuable Player in 1997. He was drafted with the 137th overall pick by the San Jose Sharks in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. He played 1 game with the Cleveland Lumberjacks of the IHL, 4 games with the Greensboro Generals of the ECHL and 4 games with the Saint John Flames as well as 13 games with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the AHL. He debuted in the NHL during the 2000-01 NHL season with the Chicago Blackhawks. He played 3 games and 35 games with the Norfolk Admirals for 35 games. He retired from professional ice hockey in 2001.

Ray LeBlanc

Raymond J. LeBlanc (born October 24, 1964) is an American retired professional ice hockey goaltender. LeBlanc played 1 game in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Blackhawks.

He played 1 season with the Kitchener Rangers of the OHL, 2 seasons in the ACHL with the Pinebridge Bucks and Carolina Thunderbirds, 4 seasons in the IHL with the Flint Spirits and Saginaw Hawks, 1 game in the AHL with the New Haven Nighthawks, 5 more seasons in the IHL with the Fort Wayne Komets and Indianapolis Ice, 1 game in the NHL with the Chicago Blackhawks, 2 more seasons with the Indianapolis Ice, 1 seasons with the Cincinnati Cyclones, 4 seasons with the Chicago Wolves of the IHL, 1 season with the Flint Generals of the UHL, and 2 seasons with the Jacksonville Lizard Kings of the ECHL.

During the 1986–87 IHL season, he won the Ken McKenzie Trophy. LeBlanc is best known for being the goaltender for the United States team at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, France. The United States were unable to win a medal and they lost 6–1 to Czechoslovakia in the bronze medal game.

He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2000. He is married to his wife Julie and they have three childrenl 2 sons and 1 daughter. He live in Largo, Florida and works in receiving for Budweiser at Great Bay Distributors. He also works with the homeless and spreads the gospel in downtown St. Petersburg with Team Hope, his church group at Calvary Chapel.

David Sive

David Sive (September 22, 1922 – March 12, 2014) was an American lawyer, environmentalist, and professor of environmental law. He is recognized as a pioneer in the field of United States environmental law, and is credited with helping create the field of environmental law. He was born in the Brooklyn borough of New York City, New York.

Sive died on March 12, 2014 in West Orange, New Jersey. He was 91 years old.


Sam Lacey

Samuel "Sam" Lacey (March 8, 1948 – March 14, 2014) was an American professional basketball player. He played as a center. He played for the Cincinnati Royals / Kansas City-Omaha Kings, New Jersey Nets, and Cleveland Cavaliers in a thirteen-season career in the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Lacey was born in Indianola, Mississippi to an African American family. After basketball, he worked in real estate.

Lacey died from natural causes on March 14, 2014 in Kansas City, Missouri, aged 66.


Violet &amp; Daisy

Violet & Daisy is an action, comedy and drama movie of 2011. It was released in June 2013. It is about two teenage assassins who take a job they think may be easy. However, their plan is changed by one of the people they plan to kill. James Gandolfini plays Michael. Alexis Bledel plays Violet.

Reviews of the movie were mostly negative. Running time for the movie is 88 minutes.

The Possession

The Possession is an American melodramatic and supernatural horror movie of 2012. It is about a haunted box and things related to it. Kyra Sedgwick plays Stephanie Brenek.

Reviews of the movie were mixed. It made over $78 million.

Alexei Navalny

Alexei Anatolievich Navalny (рус. Алексей Анатольевич Навальный) (4 June 1976 – 16 February 2024) was a Russian lawyer, politician, and activist. He was a known critic of President Vladimir Putin.

Navalny was born in Butyn to a Ukrainian father and Russian mother. In 1993 he started his law degree at Peoples’ Friendship University, in Moscow. In 1998 he graduated. In 2000, Navalny joined the Russian United Democratic Party, "Yabloko". 

He became known through his LiveJournal blog. In 2012, "The Wall Street Journal" described him as "the man Vladimir Putin fears most." In September 2013 Navalny came second in the Moscow mayoral election. Navalny is a Russian Opposition Coordination Council member. He is a Yale World Fellow. 60 minutes called Navalny ‘’the man trying to beat Putin’ in a program aired in December 2017.

He was a candidate for President of Russia in the 2018 election. He ran against President Vladimir Putin.

In January 2021, he published his investigation about Putin's palace. Because of it, rallies of Navalny's supporters had been started.

Navalny was poisoned by Putin on August 2020. After this incident and being in the hospital, Navalny went to prison on political ground.

He had two children and a wife. He met his wife after a vacation in Turkey in 1999.

On 20 August 2020, Navalny was poisoned during a flight from Tomsk, Siberia to Moscow and was hospitalized in Omsk. He was soon in a coma, on a ventilator. On 7 September 2020, he woke up from the coma, and on 14 September, he was taken off the ventilator. He was released on 22 September.

On 17 January 2021, he went back to Russia, where he was arrested for going against terms of a suspended jail sentence.

On 4 August 2023, Navalny was given an increased sentence of 19 years in prison for extremism charges.

On 16 February 2024, the Russian prison service announced that Navalny had died in prison in Yamalo-Nenets, after taking a walk and feeling unwell in the morning.

The church ceremony before his burial, in Moscow, has started (as of March 1, 2024).



Distinguished Service Cross (United States)

The Distinguished Service Cross (abbreviation DSC) is the second highest military award that can be given to a member of the United States Army. It is awarded for extreme gallantry and risk of life in actual combat with an armed enemy force. Actions that merit the Distinguished Service Cross must be above those required for all other U.S. combat decorations, but are not high enough for the Medal of Honor. The Distinguished Service Cross is the same as the Navy Cross (Navy and Marine Corps). The Air Force) has the Air Force Cross and the Coast Guard has the equivalent Coast Guard Cross. All are equivalent (equal) awards.

The Distinguished Service Cross was first awarded during World War I. In addition, a number of awards were made for actions before World War I. These were to soldiers who had received a 'Certificate of Merit' for gallantry. At the time the certificate was given it was the only other honor for gallantry the Army could award other than a Medal of Honor. Others were awarded for earlier actions in the Philippines, on the Mexican Border and during the Boxer Rebellion.

The Distinguished Service Cross may be awarded to any person serving in any capacity with the United States Army. The person must distinguish himself or herself by extraordinary heroism while engaged in an action against an enemy. Or, while engaged in military operations involving conflict with an opposing/foreign force or while serving with friendly forces. The act or acts of heroism must have been so notable and have involved risk of life so extraordinary as to set the individual apart from his or her comrades. But it is not sufficient to merit the Medal of Honor.

The Distinguished Service Cross is worn on the uniform after the Medal of Honor but before the Defense Distinguished Service Medal. It is to be worn before the Silver Star. When a second (or more) award is given an oak leaf cluster is added to the award.


Algebraic geometry

Algebraic geometry is a type of mathematics, studying polynomial equations. Modern algebraic geometry is based on more abstract techniques of abstract algebra, especially commutative algebra, with the language and the problems of geometry.
The main objects of study in algebraic geometry are algebraic varieties, which are geometric manifestations of sets of solutions of systems of polynomial equations. Examples of the most studied classes of algebraic varieties are: plane algebraic curves, which include lines, circles, parabolas, ellipses, hyperbolas, cubic curves like elliptic curves and quartic curves like lemniscates, and Cassini ovals. A point of the plane belongs to an algebraic curve if its coordinates match a given polynomial equation. Simple questions involve the study of points of special interest like the singular points, the inflection points and the points at infinity. More difficult questions involve the topology of the curve and relations between the curves given by different equations.

Algebraic geometry takes a central place in modern mathematics. The concepts it uses connects it to diverse fields such as complex analysis, topology and number theory. At the start, algebraic geometry was about studying systems of polynomial equations in several variables. Algebraic geometry starts at the point where equation solving leaves off: In many cases, finding the properties of all the solutions in a given set of equations have, are more important than finding a particular solution: this leads into some of the deepest place in all of mathematics, both conceptually and in terms of technique.
Much of the development of algebraic geometry in the 20th century occurred within an abstract algebraic framework, with increasing emphasis being placed on "intrinsic" properties of algebraic varieties not dependent on any particular way of embedding the variety in an ambient coordinate space. The developments in topology, differential and complex geometry came much in the same way.

In the 20th century, algebraic geometry split into several subareas.

One key achievement of this abstract algebraic geometry is Grothendieck's scheme theory. This allows one to use sheaf theory to study algebraic varieties in a way which is very similar to its use in the study of differential and analytic manifolds. This is obtained by extending the notion of point: In classical algebraic geometry, a point of an affine variety may be identified, through Hilbert's Nullstellensatz, with a maximal ideal of the coordinate ring, while the points of the corresponding affine scheme are all prime ideals of this ring. This means that a point of such a scheme may be either a usual point or a sub variety. 
This approach also enables a unification of the language and the tools of classical algebraic geometry, mainly concerned with complex points, and of algebraic number theory. Wiles's proof of the Fermat's last theorem is an example of the power of this approach.

Lady Jane

The movie Lady Jane is a 1986 romance drama and biographical movie. It is about Lady Jane Grey.

After King Edward VI dies, Jane is named queen in place of the king's sister, Mary. Mary later becomes queen anyway. Jane is put into prison. Mary tells Jane that she will be killed if she does not become a Catholic. Jane refuses, and is executed with some of her family.

Helena Bonham Carter plays Lady Jane Grey. Patrick Stewart plays Jane's father.

On Rotten Tomatoes the movie has a rating of 56%.

This movie was released 7 February 1986. It is 141 minutes long.

Duke of Noailles

The title of Duke of Noailles was a French peerage created in 1663 for Anne de Noailles, Count of Ayen. 

Noailles is the name of a great French family, derived from the castle of Noailles in the territory of Ayen, between Brive and Turenne in the Limousin, and claiming to date back to the 11th century. It did not obtain fame until the 16th century, when its head, Antoine de Noailles (1504–1562), became admiral of France and was ambassador in England during three important years, 1553–1556, maintaining a gallant but unsuccessful rivalry with the Spanish ambassador, Simon Renard. 

Henri (1554–1623), son of Antoine, was a commander in the religious wars and was made Count of Ayen by Henry IV of France in 1593.

The title of Duke of Ayen was also given to the family. However, the heir to the Noailles dukedom was usually called the "Prince of Poix". 

The family owned a lavish townhouse in Paris called the "Hôtel de Noailles". 


The present holder of the title is Hélie de Noailles, but as France is now a republic, titles are not officially recognised. 

Paradox Hotel Vancouver

The Trump International Hotel and Tower Vancouver is a skyscraper that is located in Downtown Vancouver, British Columbia. It is 188 meters (617 feet) tall and has 63 floors. Once completed, it claimed the title of second largest building in Vancouver behind the Shangri-La tower. 
Construction for the building was cancelled in 2009. On June 19, 2013, during a press conference, Holborn Group president Joo Kim Tiah and Donald Trump along with his three children unveiled the $360 million Trump International Hotel & Tower Vancouver. The building opened in the fall of 2016. The hotel will feature Vancouver's first pool bar nightclub.


Sam LoPresti

Samuel Leo LoPresti (January 30, 1917 – December 11, 1984) was an American professional ice hockey goaltender. LoPresti played 2 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Black Hawks. LoPresti also played 3 seasons for the St. Paul Saints and 13 games with the Kansas City Americans; both of the AHA. He made NHL history on March 4 during a game against the Boston Bruins. He faced a league record 83 shots in a regulation, 60 minute game.

He decided to leave the NHL to join the United States Navy in World War II. He served as a gunner's mate on the SS "Roger B. Taney". When the ship was torpedoed and sunk during an Atlantic crossing in February 1943, LoPresti was listed as missing in action and was thought to be the first casualty among American professional athletes in the conflict.

He was one of 29 people who took refuge in a single lifeboat with a small amount of water or food. They drifted for 42 days and traveled nearly 2,500 miles (4,000 km) southwest before they were found and rescued off the coast of Brazil. The men collected rain water when they could and sometimes drank only 4 imperial fluid ounces (110 mL) per day and had only a small amount of biscuits and bakers chocolate for food. LoPresti was credited with having saved the men's lives after he caught the only real food they had during their entire ordeal after he noticed dolphins that were swimming around their boat on one occasion. He improvised a weapon by lashing a sheath knife to a boat hook, he plunged into the ocean, caught a 35-pound (16 kg) dolphin and they hauled it into the boat. They then drank its blood and cooked the meat in a metal bucket with rags and kerosene.

He was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 1973. He died on December 11, 1984 in Eveleth, Minnesota from a heart attack.


American Athletic Conference

The American Athletic Conference (also known as "The American" or "AAC") is a big college sports conference in the United States. Its members play in NCAA Division I. In football, they play in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS; known before 2006 as Division I-A), the higher of two levels of Division I football.

The American has its roots in the original Big East Conference. That conference was started in 1979 as a basketball-first league by a group of schools in the Eastern U.S. The Big East added football in 1991. That led to years of conflict between schools that played I-A/FBS football and those that did not. In July 2013, the Big East split into two conferences. The seven schools that did not play FBS football left to form a new Big East Conference. The FBS schools that did not go to other conferences stayed in the old conference structure. Along with several new members, they began operating as the American Athletic Conference.

The American kept the original Big East charter. That makes it the legal successor of the old Big East. However, both The American and the new Big East claim 1979 as their founding dates. Both also claim the pre-split history of the old Big East, at least in corporate terms. However, both leagues agreed that the current Big East would maintain the sporting history of the original conference in most sports. The only exceptions are football and women's rowing, the only two sports sponsored by The American but not the current Big East. In those two sports, neither offshoot league recognizes the history of the original Big East.

Of the 14 current full members (those that house most of their sports in the league), only Wichita State does not have a football team.

During a major conference realignment triggered in 2021 when Big 12 Conference mainstays Oklahoma and Texas announced they would move to the Southeastern Conference no later than 2025, The American was heavily affected. The Big 12 then raided The American, inviting Cincinnati, Houston, and UCF to join that conference, with their arrival date eventually set for 2023. In turn, The American raided Conference USA, inviting six members of that conference to move to The American in 2023—Charlotte, Florida Atlantic, North Texas, Rice, UAB, and UTSA. Later in the realignment cycle, SMU announced it would leave The American for the Atlantic Coast Conference in 2024. The American would replace SMU for football with Army, which will join as a football-only member at the same time that SMU leaves.

Departing members highlighted in pink.

As of the 2023–24 school year, The American has eight "associate members" that play one or two sports in the conference. Departing associates are highlighted in pink.

One school will join The American as a single-sport member in 2024.

Two schools left The American after spending only the 2013–14 school year in the renamed conference. Before 2013, both had been members of the original Big East. A third school left The American in 2020 to rejoin most of its historic all-sports rivals in the current Big East. Three more schools left for the Big 12 in 2023, one of which stayed in The American for women's lacrosse only.

Two other schools were single-sport members, both in women's rowing, but have left the conference. Five other schools were associate members for one year before becoming full conference members.

The American holds championships in 10 men's sports and 12 women's sports:

List of governors of Iowa

The Governor of Iowa is the head of Executive Branch for the Government of Iowa, and commander in chief of military forces in the state. The governor has a term of four years. For being elected, one must be at least 30, and have been a citizen of Iowa for two years. There are no term limits on how long a governor may serve. The current governor is Kim Reynolds since May 24, 2017.

The longest serving governor is Terry Branstad. He served four terms, 1983-99, and was elected again in 2010. He left office in 2017 to become an ambassador. The governors between the terms of Branstad were Tom Vilsack, who served 1999-2007, and Chet Culver.

These are the Governors who have served Iowa:

Bob Mason

Robert Thomas Mason (born April 22, 1961) is an American retired professional ice hockey goaltender and current goaltending coach for the Minnesota Wild. Mason played 145 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Washington Capitals, Chicago Blackhawks, Quebec Nordiques and the Vancouver Canucks.

Mason started his career playing with the Green Bay Gamblers of the United States Hockey League. He then played college hockey for 2 years at the University of Minnesota Duluth. Aside from the NHL, Mason played 141 games in the AHL with the Hershey Bears, Binghamton Whalers, Halifax Citadels, Baltimore Skipjacks, and Hamilton Canucks. He also played 127 games in the IHL with the Milwaukee Admirals and Fort Wayne Komets.

He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1995. After retiring, Mason became the goaltending coach for the Minnesota Wild which he still is. He was also the goaltending coach for the Atlanta Thrashers during their first 2 seasons of play.

Nikki Haley

Nimarata Nikki Haley (née Randhawa; born January 20, 1972) is an American politician. She was the 29th United States Ambassador to the United Nations beginning on January 24, 2017. She resigned on October 9, 2018 and left the office on December 31, 2018.

On January 12, 2011, she became the Governor of South Carolina and left the office in 2017 to become Ambassador. She is a member of the Republican Party. She is the first female governor of South Carolina. At the age of 42, she was the youngest governor in the United States, followed by another fellow Republican governor, Bobby Jindal.

In February 2023, Haley announced her candidacy for President of the United States in the 2024 election.

Haley was born at Bamberg County Memorial Hospital in Bamberg, South Carolina. Her parents were Ajit Singh Randhawa and Raj Kaur Randhaw, from Punjab, India. Her father was a professor at Punjab Agricultural University. Her mother started a clothing company, Exotica International. Haley earned a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Clemson University. She has one sister and two brothers. 

On May 14, 2009, Haley announced that she would run for the Republican nomination for Governor of South Carolina in 2010.

The Republican gubernatorial primary took place on June 8, 2010, and Haley captured 49% of the vote. A runoff election happened on June 22, because nobody won 50% of the vote. Haley won handily in the runoff vote. Haley was elected governor on November 2, 2010, over the Democratic candidate, Vincent Sheheen 51% to 47%. On August 12, 2013, Haley announced she would seek a second term during a rally August 26, 2013, at the BI-LO Center in downtown Greenville. Haley was re-elected on November 4, 2014, with a 55.9 percent to 41.3 percent win, almost tripling her previous margin of victory over Sheheen in 2010 gubernatorial elections.

Haley supports lower taxes, opposes regulation and is extremely anti-union. In June 2015, following the Charleston church shooting, Haley led bi-partisan calls for the removal of the Confederate flag from the State Capitol and its grounds. In July 2015, Haley signed a Bill to authorize removing the Confederate flag from the flagpole on the grounds of the South Carolina Capitol.

In April 2016, Haley indicated she would not support legislation introduced by the South Carolina State Senate which would require transgender individuals to use restrooms based on biological sex instead of gender identity.

On November 23, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump announced his intention to nominate Haley for Ambassador to the United Nations. On January 20, 2017, President Trump sent Haley's nomination to the Senate. Haley was overwhelmingly confirmed by the Senate 96-4 on January 24, 2017. Haley is the first Indian American to serve in a presidential cabinet.

Her tenure focused on harsh responses to the Bashar al-Assad regime and sanctions against North Korea as tensions grew between Trump and Kim Jong-un.

Haley resigned on October 9, 2018 to return to her beloved home state. Multiple U.N. watchdogs called for an investigation over her many private jet plane travels. She was also falsely accused of overspending on $52,000 curtains which were actually purchased during the Obama Administration. She left the office on December 31, 2018.

In July 2022, Haley said that she was thinking about running for president in the 2024 U.S. presidential election. On February 1, 2023, it was reported that Haley was going to announce a bid for the presidency on February 15, making her the first challenger to former President Donald Trump's campaign. 

On February 14, 2023, Haley officially announced her candidacy for president. She is the third Indian-American politician to seek a presidential nomination after Bobby Jindal and current Vice President Kamala Harris.

Haley was seen as a strong candidate for the Republican nomination. In late October 2023, she was polling at about 8.3% in national Republican primary opinion polls, third to Trump and Ron DeSantis. She received endorsements from two congressmen—House Freedom Caucus member Ralph Norman and former 2024 Republican presidential candidate Will Hurd.

In September 1996, she married Michael Haley, a South Carolina National Guard. They have two children: Rena and Nalin Haley.


Chao (Sonic)

Chao are fictional characters that appear in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series of video games. They are small, childlike creatures that do not have a gender. They have a pudding-like body and act like human babies. They first appeared in "Sonic Adventure".

In the "Sonic" games, Chao are digital pets. Several different types of Chao are in the game. The Chao can evolve into many different forms, depending on how the player raises it. The player can raise them and enter them into races or battles. They have also been a part of the games' story and are sometimes seen during parts of the games. For example, the character Cream the Rabbit has a Chao named Cheese, which she uses to defeat enemies.


Maurice Roberts

Maurice "Moe" Roberts (December 13, 1905 – February 7, 1975) was an American retired professional ice hockey goaltender. Roberts played 4 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Boston Bruins, New York Americans, and Chicago Black Hawks.

Roberts also played for the New Haven Eagles and Philadelphia Arrows of the CAHL, the Cleveland Falcons/Cleveland Barons of the IHL/IAHL/AHL, the Pittsburgh Hornets of the AHL, and the Washington Lions of the EHL.

He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1947. Roberts for many years held the distinction of being both the youngest and the oldest goaltender in National Hockey League history. On December 8, 1925, he made his debut at age 19 for the Boston Bruins which made him the youngest goaltender in NHL history (the record was later broken by Harry Lumley 20 years later). On November 25, 1951, Roberts (at that point an assistant trainer with the Chicago Black Hawks) had to play the third period of the game because Lumley had been injured. Even though Roberts did not give up a goal, the Hawks still lost to the Detroit Red Wings, 5-2. Roberts at age 45, in his last NHL game, became the oldest player ever to play in an NHL game (the record was later broken by Gordie Howe and then Chris Chelios). He is still the oldest goaltender to play in an NHL game and was also the final NHL player to have been active in the 1920s.

He was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 2005.


Bev Perdue

Beverly Eaves "Bev" Perdue (aka Beverly Marlene Moore; born January 14, 1947) is an American politician. She is a member of the US Democratic party. From January 2009 to 2013, she was Governor of the U.S. State of North Carolina. She was the first female governor in that state.

Because of declining approval ratings, in January 2012, Perdue said she would not do another term. In January of the following year, Pat McCrory became governor.

Perdue was born in Grundy, Virginia in 1947.

Jane Swift

Jane M. Swift (born February 24, 1965) is an American politician. She was the 69th Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts, in office from 1999 to 2003. She was the Acting Governor of Massachusetts from 2001 to 2003. As of 2014, she is the only female governor in the state of Massachusetts. Swift is Republican.

Swift was born in North Adams, Massachusetts.

Pawleys Island, South Carolina

Pawleys Island is a seaport town in northeastern South Carolina. In 2020, 130 people lived there. This town is near Georgetown.

Many cypress cottages on Pawleys Island were built during the 20th century. That made people call the town "arrogantly shabby". In September 1989, Hurricane Hugo struck south of Pawleys Island. Some cottages were totally destroyed.

Mount Pleasant, South Carolina

Mount Pleasant is a coastal town in eastern South Carolina. It is near Charleston. The town had 90,801 people at the 2020 census. Its history began around 1680.

Florence, South Carolina

Florence is a city northeast South Carolina. Around 39,899 people lived there at the 2020 census. The city was officially chartered in 1871. It was incorporated in 1890.

Andrei Trefilov

Andrei Viktorovich Trefilov (born August 31, 1969) is an Russian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. Trefilov played 54 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Calgary Flames, Buffalo Sabres, and Chicago Blackhawks.

He played 127 games in the IHL with the Salt Lake Golden Eagles, Indianapolis Ice, Detroit Vipers, and Chicago Wolves. He also played 43 games in the AHL with the Saint John Flames and Rochester Americans, as well as 247 games in the DEL with the Duesseldorf EG and DEG Metro Stars.

He played for the Unified Team that won the gold medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics. He also played for Russia when they won the silver medal in the 1998 Winter Olympics.

McClellanville, South Carolina

McClellanville is a fishing and port town in eastern South Carolina. At the 2020 census, 605 people lived there. The history of this town began in the 1860s. It was incorporated in 1926.

In September 1989, McClellanville was hit by the northern wall of Hurricane Hugo. During this hurricane, a storm surge nearly drowned refugees taking cover in a high school.

Falmouth, Massachusetts

Falmouth is a coastal town in southeast Massachusetts. The 2020 census population was 32,517. Falmouth is on southwestern Cape Cod, near the Atlantic Ocean.

Jim Henry (ice hockey)

Samuel James "Sugar Jim" Henry (October 23, 1920 – January 21, 2004) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. Henry played 406 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the New York Rangers, Chicago Black Hawks, and Boston Bruins.

Henry also played in the AHL for the New Haven Eagles/New Haven Ramblers and Indianapolis Capitals, as well as the USHL for the Kansas City Mohawks and the Omaha Knights. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1959 after playing 9 games with the St. Paul Saints of the IHL. After he retired, Henry coached the Toledo Mercurys of the IHL for 1 season and the Brandon Wheat Kings of the SJHL for 1 season.

On October 7, 1948, he was involved in a trade which sent him to the Chicago Black Hawkss for Emile Francis and Alex Kaleta. He was inducted into the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame & Museum in 2004. He died on January 21, 2004.

Hughie Lehman

Frederick Hugh "Old Eagle Eyes" Lehman (October 27, 1885 – April 12, 1961) was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender and coach. He played 48 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Black Hawks.

He is best known for his time in the PCHL with the Vancouver Millionaires/Vancouver Maroons. He spent 9 years with the franchise and won a Stanley Cup with them in 1914. He then spent 1 year with Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL and split the second year to coach them.

After he retired, he worked in the road construction business and became the president of a paving company. Lehman was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1958.

Poul Schlüter

Poul Holmskov Schlüter (, 3 April 1929 – 27 May 2021) was a Danish politician. He served as Prime Minister of Denmark from 1982 to 1993. He was also a member of the European Parliament from 1994 until 1999.

Schlüter died on 27 May 2021 in Copenhagen, aged 92.

Klute

Klute is a 1971 American mystery thriller movie directed by Alan J. Pakula. It is set in New York City. It stars Donald Sutherland, Jane Fonda, Charles Cioffi, Lee Wallace, Sylvester Stallone, Jean Stapleton, and Roy Scheider. It was released on June 25, 1971. Fonda won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for her role.

Mike Leigh

Mike Leigh, (born 20 February 1943) is an English screenwriter, movie director and actor. His best known movies are "Life Is Sweet" (1990), "Naked" (1993), "Secrets & Lies" (1996), "Career Girls" (1997), "Topsy-Turvy" (1999), "All or Nothing" (2002), and "Vera Drake" (2004).

Leigh was born in Brocket Hall, Welwyn, Hertfordshire. He was bought up in Broughton, Salford, Lancashire. He is Jewish. He was married to actress Alison Steadman from 1973 until they divorced in 2001. They have two sons, Toby and Leo. Leigh lives in Camden, London.

Catherine Martin

Catherine Martin (born 26 January 1965) is an Australian costume designer, production designer, set designer, and movie producer. She has won two Academy Awards for "Moulin Rouge!" (2001) in 2002 and another two for "The Great Gatsby" (2013) in 2014. This makes her the most awarded Australian in Oscar history.

Martin was born in Lindfield, Sydney, New South Wales. She is married to movie director Baz Luhrmann. They have two children.


Qamar-ud-din Khan, Asif Jah I

Qamar-ud-din Khan Siddiqi, Asaf Jah I is the first ruler of Hyderabad Kingdom in 1720. He is the founder of Asaf Jahi dynasty.

Asaf Jah was married to Sayed-UnNissa Begum, who belonged to a Sayed family from Gulbarga With this marriage he had four children, two daughters and two sons; Ghazi-Uddin and Nasir Jung. From other wives he had four more sons; Salabat Jung, Nizam Ali Khan-(later Nizam II), Basalat Jung, and Mogal Ali Khan.

Non-coding DNA

Non-coding DNA sequences are parts of an organism's DNA which do not code for protein sequences. It is often called junk DNA.

Some non-coding DNA is transcribed into functional non-coding RNA molecules (e.g. transfer RNA, ribosomal RNA, and regulatory RNAs). Other DNA sequences are not transcribed, or give rise to RNA transcripts of unknown function. The amount of non-coding DNA varies greatly between species. For example, over 98% of the human genome is noncoding DNA, while only about 2% of a typical bacterial genome is non-coding DNA.

At first, much non-coding DNA had no known biological function. It was called "junk DNA", particularly in the press. But many non-coding sequences "are" functional. These include genes for functional RNA molecules and DNA sequences such as "start replication" signals, centromeres, and telomeres.

Other noncoding sequences have not-yet-discovered functions. This is inferred from the high levels of sequence similarity seen in different species of DNA.

The Encyclopedia of DNA Elements (ENCODE) project suggested in September 2012 that over 80% of DNA in the human genome "serves some purpose, biochemically speaking". This conclusion was strongly criticized by some other scientists.

The term "junk DNA" was first used by Charles Ehret and Gérard de Haller in a paper. Widely influential was Susuno Ohno's 1972 paper. The term has been replaced by the more neutral term "non-coding DNA".

Time of My Life (2011 TV series)

Time of My Life is a 2011 Philippine drama billed as a "danserye" (dance TV series), created and developed by GMA Network, starring Mark Herras and Kris Bernal. It premiered on August 1, 2011 on GMA Network in the Philippines and on August 3, 2011 on GMA Pinoy TV.

The very first danserye is based on original concept created for GMA Television by Senedy Que with head writer Des Garbes Severino, choreographers Miggy Tanchanco (modern) and Donald Balbuena (ballroom), and directors Mark Reyes (musicals) and Andoy Ranay (drama). In 2010 it was planned for a working title Jump. It is supposed to be replacing "Tween Hearts" but the GMA Network decided to put it on the Primetime block. The show is slated for 2011 despite 2010. Several auditions across the Philippines were held. And the auditionees were seen in Party Pilipinas (until it was premiered on August 2011), with a working title Time of My Life.

Quantitative easing

Quantitative easing (QE) is something a central bank can do to help the economy. It is done by buying bonds or other assets. With this, the interest rate will decrease and the rate of inflation will go up. It is usually used when inflation is very low or negative. It is used when normal expansionary monetary policy doesn't work.

Quantitative easing can help bring an economy out of recession. The International Monetary Fund, the U.S. Federal Reserve, and other economists say that quantitative easing after the 2007-2008 financial crisis helped stop some problems from getting worse.

QE is used by the United States, the United Kingdom and Japan. It has helped to cause a bull market on stock exchanges. 

The US Federal Reserve used policies similar to quantitative easing during the Great Depression of the 1930s.

A policy called "quantitative easing" (量的金融緩和, "ryōteki kin'yū kanwa") was first used by the Bank of Japan (BOJ) to stop domestic deflation in the early 2000s. The BOJ had kept short-term interest rates at close to zero since 1999. The Bank of Japan had for many years, and as late as February 2001, said that "quantitative easing ... is not effective". They did not like to use it for monetary policy.

The Bank of Japan says that they started quantitative easing on 19 March 2001.


Uses of English verb forms

The four verb aspects in English (simple, continuous, perfect, and perfect continuous) can be combined with the past, present, and future to create 12 verb forms.

Officer candidate school

Officer candidate schools or Officer Cadet Schools (OCS) are military institutions which train civilians and enlisted personnel to be officers in the armed forces of a country. Different countries and services run their Officer Candidate schools differently. Most schools are for less than one year. An OCS is different from a service academies which include academic instruction leading to a Bachelor degree. Another difference is that an OCS is taught almost exclusively by the military.


Loch Sheldrake, New York

Loch Sheldrake is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Fallsburg, New York, in Sullivan County, New York. The zip code for Loch Sheldrake is 12759.

The community was originally named Sheldrake before the railroad came. Because it sat next to a lake it was renamed Loch Sheldrake. The pond there was also renamed Loch Sheldrake Lake. It is bordered by the hamlet of Hurleyville, the Town of Liberty, the hamlet of Hasbrouck, the hamlet of Divine Corners, and the hamlet of Woodbourne. The commercial center of Loch Sheldrake is the intersection of County Road 104 and New York State Route 52, at the edge of Loch Sheldrake lake.

Kitty Hawk, North Carolina

Kitty Hawk is a town in northeastern North Carolina. It is on the Outer Banks. There were 3,689 people living there at the 2020 census.

In 1903, Kitty Hawk got famous when the Wright brothers made the first powered airplane flight at Kill Devil Hills on December 17.

Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina

Kill Devil Hills is a town in the northeast region of North Carolina. At the 2020 census, 7,656 people lived there. The Wright brothers had their first powered airplane flight in 1903.

The town received municipal charters in 1953.

Ocean City, Maryland

Ocean City is a town in southeast Maryland. It is near the Atlantic Ocean. The town had 6,844 people as of the 2020 census. Between 320,000 and 345,000 people visit the town every year.

The town was founded in 1875. It was incorporated five years later.

120th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 120th Infantry Regiment ("Third North Carolina") is an infantry regiment of the United States Army National Guard. The unit is a part of the 30th Heavy Brigade Combat Team of the North Carolina Army National Guard. Currently, 1st Battalion is the only active battalion in the regiment. The 1st Battalion, 120th Infantry Regiment (1/120th IN) is headquartered in Wilmington, North Carolina. The 2nd Battalion, 120th Infantry Regiment was most famous for its actions in the Battle of Mortain. There they stopped a German advance. This allowed an American from 7-13 August 1944. The 2/120th's actions kept the American forces moving as Allied forces pushed through Northern France after the Normandy invasion. 

75th Infantry Division (United States)

The 75th Infantry Division was a division of the United States Army in World War II. It was also active from 1952 to 1957 as a combat division of the United States Army Organized Reserves. The 75th was activated 15 April 1943, at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri.

In 1993, the division was activated again as the 75th Division (Training Support) in the Army Reserve, and remains active. In January 2003, numerous units of the 75th Division (Training Support) were mobilized to train other Army Reserve and National Guard units deploying overseas in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom/Operation Enduring Freedom (OIF/OEF). Several of the division's units remain mobilized even to the present day.

L'Wren Scott

Luann Bambrough (also L'Wren Scott; April 28, 1964 – March 17, 2014) was an American model and fashion designer. She was the girlfriend of singer Mick Jagger for the last 13 years of her life.

Scott made costumes for many movies, such as "Eyes Wide Shut".

Scott was born in New York City. She was adopted and was raised in Utah.

On March 17, 2014, she was found dead in her Manhattan apartment. She committed suicide by hanging.

Marek Galiński

Marek Galiński (1 August 1974 – 17 March 2014) was a Polish professional mountain biker. He won eight Polish national championship titles. He also competed for Poland in the Summer Olympics in 1996, 2000, 2004, and 2008. He was born in Opoczno.

Galiński was killed in a car accident on 17 March 2014 in Jędrzejów. He was 39 years old. He was outlived by wife and two children. 


Clarissa Dickson Wright

Clarissa Theresa Philomena Aileen Mary Josephine Agnes Elsie Trilby Louise Esmerelda Dickson Wright (24 June 1947 – 15 March 2014) was an English celebrity chef, television personality, businesswoman and barrister. She was best known as one half, along with the late Jennifer Paterson, of BBC Two's "Two Fat Ladies" (1996–99). She was born in St John's Wood, London. She was a Roman Catholic.

Dickson Wright died on 15 March 2014 in Edinburgh, Scotland, having been in hospital for several weeks. She was 66 years old. She was outlived by her two sisters.

Gary Bettenhausen

Gary Bettenhausen (November 18, 1941 – March 16, 2014) was an American auto racing driver. He was inducted in the National Sprint Car Hall of Fame in 1993. He was born in Blue Island, Illinois and was raised in Tinley Park, Illinois.

Bettenhausen died on March 16, 2014 in Monrovia, Indiana. He was 72 years old.


Caernarfon Castle

Caernarfon Castle is a castle in Wales. It is a World Heritage Site.

Castle of Mey

The Castle of Mey is a castle on the far north coast of Scotland in the county of Caithness. It is best known as the home of the late Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother.

Blarney Castle

Blarney Castle is a 15th-century castle in County Cork in Ireland. Blarney is in the historic Irish Province of Munster. The Blarney Stone is in the castle. The Blarney Stone is one of the biggest tourist attractions in Ireland.

Blarney Castle is a well preserved 15th century building. It is in the small town of Blarney, County Cork in Ireland. Blarney is about 6 miles northwest of the city of Cork. There are not many good buildings in County Cork that were built before the 19th century. The castle is also one of Ireland's oldest and most historic castles. The walls of the castle are up to 18 feet thick.

Blarney Castle was built in 1446 by Dermot MacCarthy. He was King of South Munster. The castle is the third building on the site. The first was built of wood. In about 1210 a stone building was built in place of the wooden one. Finally, in 1446 the current castle was built by MacCarthy.

Queen Elizabeth I of England wanted the castle. She told the Earl of Leicester to get it for her. However, he was never able to get it because MacCarthy always made excuses to stop it happening.

Oliver Cromwell's army won the castle by force. They did not capture the soldiers living in it though. They had escaped through tunnels and caves underneath.

The Blarney Stone is a slab of limestone. The size of the stone is about 4 feet long and 1 foot wide. It is built into the castle's battlements 83 feet up from the ground.

There are lots of myths about where the stone came from. Some say it came from the prophet Jeremiah. Some say it came from Stonehenge. It is supposed to have been given to Dermot MacCarthy by Robert the Bruce. The gift was for help fighting against the English at the 1314 battle of Bannockburn.

In 2014 scientists in Scotland examined a piece of the stone. They found that it was a piece of limestone from close to the castle. The stone is about 330 million years old.

The Blarney stone is one of Ireland's biggest tourist attractions. Hundreds of tourists visit Blarney Castle every day. The visitors go to kiss the Blarney Stone. People think that kissing the stone will give them the "gift of the gab" (make them good at talking). There is usually a long queue of people waiting to kiss it. To kiss the stone people have to lie on their backs and let their heads hang back over a ledge.

Devon Werkheiser

Devon Werkheiser (born March 8, 1991 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American actor, voice actor, singer-songwriter and musician. He is best known for his role as Ned Bigby in the Nickelodeon sitcom "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide". He is also known for his role as main character Nolan Byrd in the TV movie "Shredderman Rules". Werkheiser was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He was raised in Johns Creek, Georgia.


Order of Leopold (Belgium)

The Order of Leopold (, ) is one of the three (current) Belgian national honorary orders of knighthood. It is the highest order of Belgium. It is named in honour of King Leopold I. It consists of a military, a maritime and a civilian division. The maritime division is only awarded to personnel of the merchant navy, and the military division to military personnel. The decoration was established on 11 July 1832. It is awarded for extreme bravery in combat or for meritorious service of immense benefit to the Belgian nation. The Order of Leopold is awarded by Royal Decree.

During the Second World War, the Order of Leopold was awarded to officers of foreign militaries who had helped to liberate Belgium from the occupation of German forces. Famous recipients include Brand Whitlock, George S. Patton, Bernard Montgomery, Dwight Eisenhower, and Wesley Clark. Medal of Honor recepient Sergeant Francis S. Currey was awarded the Order of Leopold for his actions at Malmedy, Belgium in late 1944. The medal was also granted to Karel Bossart in 1962, and Josip Broz Tito in 1970.

Jack Kinzler

Jack Albert Kinzler (January 9, 1920 – March 4, 2014) was an American NASA engineer. He was the chief of the Technical Services Center at NASA's Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center. He was known within the agency as Mr. Fix It. He was awarded the NASA Distinguished Service Medal for creating the solar shield that saved Skylab. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Kinzler died from natural causes on March 4, 2014 in Taylor Lake Village, Texas. He was 94 years old.

Prickly pear

The prickly pear is Opuntia: a genus in the cactus family, Cactaceae. There are about 190 different species of Opuntia. 

The genus is named after the Ancient Greek city of Opus. There, according to Theophrastus, an edible plant grew which could be propagated by rooting its leaves. 

Prickly pears (mostly "Opuntia stricta") were originally imported into Australia in the 18th century for gardens. They were later used as a natural agricultural fencing. They quickly became a widespread invasive weed. They changed of farming land into an impenetrable green jungle of prickly pear, in places high. 

In 1919, the Australian federal government established the Commonwealth Prickly Pear Board to coordinate efforts with state governments to eradicate the weed. Early attempts at mechanical removal and poisonous chemicals failed, so in a last resort, biological control was attempted. There is a moth, "Cactoblastis cactorum", from South America, whose larvae eat prickly pear. It was introduced in 1925 and rapidly reduced the cactus population. A memorial hall in Chinchilla (Queensland) commemorates the moth. This is one of the earliest known examples of the biological control of pests.

Magnetic field line

A magnetic field line or magnetic flux line shows the direction of a magnet's force and the strength of a magnet. 

The idea of lines of force was invented by Michael Faraday. His theory is that all of reality is made up of force itself. His theory predicts that electricity, light, and gravity have finite propagation delays. Einstein's theory agrees with this. 

One can make magnetic field lines show as if they were physical phenomena. For example, iron filings placed in a magnetic field line up to form lines that correspond to 'field lines'. 

If there are a lot of lines through a magnet and not a great space between them, the magnet is strong. If the lines between a magnet are far apart and there aren't many lines, the magnet is weak. A way of determining the strength of a magnet is to do an experiment with iron filings. The iron filings will get attracted to the magnet and move into the shape of the flux lines. You then look at the shape of the iron filings and see the gap between the flux lines. This gives you an idea of the strength of the magnet. 

The use of iron filings to display a field "alters the magnetic field so that it is much larger along the "lines" of iron". This caused by the large permeability of iron relative to air. Magnetic fields' "lines" are also visually displayed in polar auroras, when particles cause visible streaks of light that line up with the local direction of Earth's magnetic field.

Magnetic field lines are like the contour lines (constant altitude) on a topographic map in that they represent something continuous, and a different mapping scale would show more or fewer lines. There is an advantage to using magnetic field lines as a representation. Many laws of magnetism (and electromagnetism) can be stated completely and concisely using simple concepts such as the 'number' of field lines through a surface. These concepts can be quickly 'translated' to their mathematical form.

The actual magnetic field "itself" does not have "lines" in it; the "lines" are solely the iron filings becoming polarized themselves, reacting to each other and the field, lining up N and S with respect to each other "in" the field. If you could see the actual "fields" of force, it would be shaded and gradient, with a heavier, thicker shade near the stronger part of the magnet, fading the further you get from the source. And in all 3 dimensions, which iron filing demonstrations cannot reproduce. Ferrofluids will react in all 3 dimensions and can more accurately reproduce a field, except for gravity creating a weight restriction. Holding a strong magnet in front of a CRT-type monitor with a white screen can also give a representation of the fields, without any "lines of force" visible. The issue with using ferro/magnetic materials to view a field is, the materials themselves become magnetized and change the original field to include their own influence. 

Thorny devil

The thorny devil (Moloch horridus) is also called the thorny dragon, Moloch, or mountain devil. It is an Australian lizard, that lives in desert regions of central Australia.

The thorny devil grows up to 20 cm (7.9 in) long and can live for 15 to 20 years. The females are larger than the males. Most of these lizards are colored in camouflaging shades of desert browns and tans. These colors change from pale colors during warm weather and to darker colors during cold weather. These animals are covered entirely with conical spines that are mostly uncalcified (not bony).

Female thorny devils lay ten eggs during the September-December season (or Spring-Summer). They put the eggs in a burrow about 30 cm deep. These eggs hatch after about three or four months, but not all babies will survive, because of predators like wild birds and goannas.

The thorny devil is found in the arid regions of central Australia. It lives in sand, spinifex grasslands and scrub.

They only eat ants, and may eat thousands of ants in a day. The thorny devil's mouth is so specialized that it can only use it to eat ants, for example it cannot lick up water, and has developed other ways to drink. Ideally adapted to its harsh, desert habitat, it uses narrow channels between the scales on its stomach and legs to collect morning dew and water from damp or wet sand. The water travels up these channels to the lizard’s mouth.

Address Resolution Protocol

Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) is a network layer protocol used to convert an IP address into a physical address (called a DLC address), such as an Ethernet address. A host wishing to obtain a physical address broadcasts an ARP request onto the TCP/IP network. The host on the network that has the IP address in the request then replies with its physical hardware address.
There is also Reverse ARP (RARP) which can be used by a host to discover its IP address. In this case, the host broadcasts its physical address and a RARP server replies with the host's IP address.

Markus Brüderlin

Markus Brüderlin (1958 – 16 March 2014) was a Swiss art historian, curator and writer. From 2006 to his death, he was the director of the Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg. He was born in Basel.

Brüderlin died unexpectedly on 16 March 2014 at his home in Frankfurt, Hesse, Germany. He was 55 years old.


Summerhill School

Summerhill School is an independent British boarding school which was founded in 1921 by A.S. Neill (Alexander Sutherland Neill). He believed the school should fit the child, not the other way around.

Summerhill is run as a democratic community. Decisions are made in school meetings, which anyone, staff or pupil, may attend, and at which everyone has an equal vote. These meetings serve as both a legislative and judicial body. Summerhill is the oldest "children's democracy" in the world. It is probably the most famous alternative or 'free' school.

Members of the community are free to do as they please, so long as their actions do not cause any harm to others, according to Neill's principle "Freedom, not Licence". This extends to the freedom for pupils to choose which lessons, if any, they attend.

The school is not large. It varies 6080 boys and girls with ages ranging from 5 to 17. The school is now owned by Zoë Readhead, the daughter of A.S. Neill.

Apparently it does. The most recent OFSTED inspection of the school reported:

The school did have trouble with OFSTED in the past:

Annual fees are significantly less than most independent schools:



Network function virtualization

Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) 

It aims to reduce costs and complexity in communication networks, while facilitating faster creation of new communication services.

Frightwig

Frightwig is an American punk rock band. It was founded in 1982. All of the members are women. They are feminists. Deanna Ashley and Mia Levin started the band in San Francisco. In 1984, they released their first album "Cat Farm Faboo". In 1986, their second album was released. In 1993 they released an extended play called "Phone Sexy". In 1994 the band broke up. The band got back together in 2012.

Carrickfergus Castle

Carrickfergus Castle is a Norman castle in Carrickfergus, County Antrim in Northern Ireland. It was built in 1177 by John de Courcy.

Dunluce Castle

Dunluce Castle is a medieval castle on the north coast of County Antrim in Northern Ireland. It is east of Portrush.

Rachel Jackson

Rachel Donelson Jackson (June 15, 1767 – December 22, 1828) was the wife of Andrew Jackson, the seventh president. She died before her husband's inauguration. She was never First Lady.

Young Rachel was very pretty, with dark brown hair and beautiful eyes. Her family moved from Virginia to Nashville, Tennessee. The Robards family was quite wealthy and important in Nashville. Rachel was married to Captain Lewis Robards in Kentucky. She met Andrew Jackson while living with her mother. Andrew was staying at her mother's house. One time, she sent a letter home asking one of her brothers to come to Kentucky. She wanted to go home again. Jackson went to Kentucky instead of her brother.

Rachel Donelson Robards and Andrew Jackson wanted to get married. They could not because Rachel was already married to Lewis Robards. She tried to get a divorce in 1790. She and Andrew thought that her husband would get a divorce. They got married in 1791 in the town of Natchez, Mississippi. Their marriage was unlawful (against the law). She and Andrew tried to get a real divorce until 1794. They married again in 1794 when her marriage with Lewis Robards ended. No one knows if she knew that she broke the law.
Rachel moved to the Hermitage outside Nashville with Andrew. They were quite wealthy. They owned many slaves on their plantation. Rachel managed the household. She ran the plantation while Andrew was away.

Rachel died in 1828. This was the year her husband Andrew became president. He thought she died because other people said mean things about her. They talked about her marriage. Many people said she broke the law to marry Andrew on purpose. This made her very sad. She was buried in a corner of the Hermitage garden.

People thought Rachel and Andrew were very different. Andrew was tall, important, and neat. Rachel was short, quiet, and common. One girl who visited their house would not have guessed that they were married. She thought they were too different. The visitor said that Rachel was kind and motherly, not elegant or graceful. Rachel had lived in the frontier (newly-lived in areas) her whole life. She had no reason to become elegant.

Rachel loved Andrew very much. She was sad every time he went away. Once she travelled to meet him, it was not common for women to do. She was very worried when he was in danger. She became quite sick from stress. Her marriage was very important to her. A visitor once said that their love was very great. Andrew Jackson always treated Rachel like she was the best thing in his life. Rachel was always devoted to Andrew.

Mareike Carrière

Mareike Carrière (26 July 1954 – 17 March 2014) was a German actress, spokesperson and translator. She was best known for having television show appearances. She was born in Hanover, Lower Saxony, West Germany.

Carrière died from cancer on 17 March 2014 in Hamburg, Germany. She was 59 years old. She was outlived by her husband and by her brother, Mathieu.


Cocteau Twins

Cocteau Twins were a Scottish rock band. Robin Guthrie and Will Heggie started the band in 1979 in Grangemouth. The band was named after the song "The Cocteau Twins" by Johnny and the Self-Abusers. The band's first album "Garlands" was released by 4AD records in 1982. In 1996 the band released their last album "Milk and Kisses". In 1997 the band broke up.

Dokka Umarov

Doku (Dokka) Khamatovich Umarov (; ; also called by the Arabized name of "Dokka Abu Usman") (13 April 1964 – "reported" March 18, 2014) was a Chechen Islamist militant in Russia. Umarov claimed responsibly for some attacks on Russian civilians. This earned himself a media nickname of "Russia's Bin Laden".

Umarov was the first emir of the Caucasus Emirate (from 2007 to 2013).

On 18 March 2014, the Russian government said that Umarov was dead.


Franco Zeffirelli

Franco Zeffirelli, KBE (12 February 1923 – 15 June 2019) was an Italian director and producer of movies and television. He was also an opera director and a designer of Italian operas. 

He was a former senator of Catania (1994–2001). His political party was the "Forza Italia" party.

He received an honorary knighthood from the British government in 2004 when he was created a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire.

Zeffirelli was born Gianfranco Zeffirelli on 12 February 1923 in Florence, Italy. He was openly gay. In 2007 and 2018, he was accused of sexually harassing an actor and a movie director. Zeffirelli died after a long illness on 15 June 2019 in Rome at the age of 96.


Fouad Mebazaa

Fouad Mebazaa ( ""; born 15 June 1933) is a Tunisian politician. He was the President of Tunisia from 15 January 2011 to 13 December 2011.

Moncef Marzouki

Moncef Marzouki (, "al-Munṣif al-Marzūqī", born 7 July 1945) is a Tunisian politician. On 12 December 2011, he was elected President of Tunisia. He served as Interim President of Tunisia from 2011 to 2014.

A failed presidential candidate, Chahed came in eleventh place in the 2019 election.

In November 2021, Moncef Marzouki was the subject of an international arrest warrant for endangering state security.

Alexander Pochinok

Alexander Petrovich Pochinok (12 January 1958 – 16 March 2014 ) was a Russian economist and politician. He was the Minister of Taxes and Levies from 1999 to 2000 and Minister of Labor and Social Development from 2000 to 2004.

Pochinok died of cardiac arrest on 16 March 2014, in Moscow, aged 56.

Oswald Morris

Oswald Norman Morris OBE, DFC, AFC, BSC (22 November 191517 March 2014) was a British Academy Award-winning cinematographer. He was known for his works in "Fiddler on the Roof" and in "Goodbye, Mr. Chips". 

Morris died at his home in Dorset, England, at the age of 98.


Steve Weeks

Stephen K. Weeks (born June 30, 1958) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender and current goaltending coach of the Chicago Blackhawks. Weeks played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the New York Rangers, Hartford Whalers, Vancouver Canucks, New York Islanders, Los Angeles Kings, and Ottawa Senators.

He was drafted with the 176th overall pick by the New York Rangers in the 1978 NHL Entry Draft.
He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1993. After he retired, he became the goaltending consultant and also an assistant coach for the Hartford Whalers/Carolina Hurricanes organization. After his time there was done, he became the goaltending coach for the Atlanta Thrashers in the 2008. On August 12, 2013, he was hired by the Chicago Blackhawks as their Goaltending Coach.


Kyozan Joshu Sasaki

Joshu Sasaki died at Cedars Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles on July 27, 2014, aged 107.


Angry Birds Epic

Angry Birds Epic is a role-playing video game developed by Chimera Entertainment and published by Rovio Entertainment. The game was available on iOS in Australia, Canada and New Zealand on March 12, 2014 and was released worldwide on June 12, 2014.


Scott Niedermayer

Scott Niedermayer (born August 31, 1973) is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman and current assistant coach of the Anaheim Ducks. He played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the New Jersey Devils and Anaheim Ducks.

Before playing in the NHL, Niedermayer played 2 seasons with the Kamloops Blazers of the WHL. He was drafted with the 3rd overall pick by the New Jersey Devils in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft. He played 12 seasons with the New Jersey Devils and 5 seasons with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim/Anaheim Ducks. During his time in New Jersey, he reached the Stanley Cup Finals four times and won three Stanley Cups with the team. He was also able to win the James Norris Memorial Trophy in the 2003–04 NHL season after he finished second in league scoring among defencemen, recorded a plus-minus rating of +20 and lead the Devils to a modern NHL record low 164 goals against.

Niedermayer was an unrestricted free agent after the 2004–05 NHL lockout. The Devils offered him a five-year contract worth $7.8 million per season (the maximum allowed under the new salary cap), but he decided to sign a four-year contract worth $6.75 million per season with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. He signed with the Mighty Ducks because he wanted to try to win a Stanley cup with his brother Rob. Scott was named captain of the Ducks when he arrived in Anaheim.

When the Ducks won the Stanley Cup in 2007, Scott, as team captain, had the choice of who to hand the Stanley Cup to first. He chose to hand the Cup off to his brother Rob first. He later stated: "You don't really dream of passing it to your brother. I never have. To be able to do that is definitely a highlight of my career." He was also able to win the Conn Smythe Trophy.

He retired from playing professional ice hockey on June 22, 2010. After he retired he stayed with the Ducks as a consultant to general manager Bob Murray. He took the role of assistant coach with the Ducks in the 2012–13 NHL season. Niedermayer is the only player in hockey history to win every major North American and world title a Canadian can win: the Memorial Cup, World Junior championship, Stanley Cup, World Championship, World Cup and Olympic gold medal. His jersey number #27 was retired by the New Jersey Devils in 2011 and the Kamloops Blazers of the WHL retired his jersey number #28 which he wore while playing with them. He was inducted into both the BC Hockey Hall of Fame and Canada's Sports Hall of Fame. He was also inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on November 11, 2013.

He has also competed in the Olympics with Canada. His first Olympics were in 2002 where he helped Canada defeat the United States, 5–2 in the final as the country won its first Olympic gold medal in hockey in 50 years. His last Olympics were in 2010. He was named captain of Team Canada for the tournament that was held in his home province, in Vancouver. He was able to lead Canada to the gold medal, after they defeated the United States 3–2 in overtime.

He was born in Edmonton, Alberta but lived in Cassiar, British Columbia for three years before settling in Cranbrook, British Columbia. He has a father named Bob, who worked as a doctor in Cassiar as well as Cranbrook, and has a mother named Carol who worked as a teacher. His younger brother Rob was also an NHL player.

He is married to his wife Lisa and they have four sons: Logan, Jackson, Joshua and Luke. The family live in Newport Beach, California and often return to Cranbrook, where they spent the off-seasons when he was playing. Niedermayer is an environmentalist and joined WWF-Canada to speak out in favour of efforts to maintain British Columbia's natural wilderness.

Kaiser Kalambo

Kaiser Kalambo (6 July 1953 – 18 March 2014) was a Zambian association football player and coach. He represented Zambia in three Africa Cup of Nations tournaments. He was named Zambian captain in 1980. The same year in which he was voted Zambian footballer of the year. Later, he coached several club sides in Zambia and Botswana. He was born in Luanshya, Copperbelt.

Kalambo died from prostate cancer on the morning of 18 March 2014 at the University Teaching Hospital in Lusaka. He was 60 years old.


Escolania de Montserrat

Escolania de Montserrat is a boys' choir in the Benedictine abbey of Santa Maria de Montserrat. The abbey is near Barcelona (Catalonia, Spain). The boys are sopranos and altos. Sometimes the Montserrat Chapel Choir sings with them, when needed for the music they are performing.

The Escolania of Montserrat belongs to the Monastery of Monserrat. It is one of the oldest boys choirs in Europe. The Escolania has been a religious and musical institution since the 14th century. There are more than fifty boys in the choir, from ages nine to fourteen. The boys are from various towns in Catalonia, the Balearic Islands, and the Valencian community. At the Escolania, they complete courses at the primary, and beginning of secondary levels. They also study music. The Escolania takes pride in providing high-level musical education. Each student must study two instruments: the piano, and a second orchestral instrument of their choice. They also study Musical Language, Orchestra, and participate in the choir.

The school choir sings every day in the Basilica. They often sing in front of large groups of pilgrims and visitors from around the world. More people attend the midday singing of "Salve Regina" than any other performance. They choir have released many albums. They have toured in several countries, including Hungary, Switzerland, France, Italy, Belgium, Germany, Poland, and Russia. They have performed in Russia three times (Moscow 2011 & 2013, and St. Petersburg 2011).



Abbot Oliba

Oliba (c. 971–1046) was the Count of Berga (998–1003) and Ripoll and later became Bishop of Vic (1018–1046) and Abbot of Sant Miquel de Cuixà. He was one of the spiritual founders of Catalonia. At that time, he may have been the most important churchman of his age in the Iberian Peninsula.

Oliba was also a writer. He and his monks in the "scriptorium" at Ripoll wrote many works about his world. His most crucial writing may have been his translations of Arabic manuscripts into Latin.

We don't know exactly when Oliba was born, but it was near 971. He was born to a rich family. He was the third son of a Catalan count, which is a type of nobleman. He gave up his possessions to take up the Benedictine habit in the Monastery of Santa Maria de Ripoll. He had three brothers and a sister.

In 988, Count Oliba Cabreta took the habit, meaning he became a monk, and retired to Montecassino with St. Romuald, which met in Cuixà.

Oliba began to perform his duties as a count, a medieval nobleman. His brother Bernard inherited Besalú and Guifré Cerdanya; Oliva received Berga and Ripoll.

Between 988 and 1002, Oliva was Count of Berga and Ripoll. He was associated with his brother Guifré.

Oliba promoted the idea of Peace and Truce of God (Catalan: "Pau I Treva de Déu") until 1022. In 1027, he signed an agreement with other bishops and noblemen in Toulouges (Roussillon). In this treaty, they all agreed to decide on days when no one would fight battles with anyone else and fugitives could run to churches.

Oliba was very influential. In 1023, King Sancho III of Navarre asked him for advice because he wanted his sister Urraca to be her second cousin Alfonso V of León. Oliva said not to do it, but Sancho ignored him. His letters to the various contemporaneous kings of Spain indicate to us that Alfonso and his successor, Vermudo III, were regarded as "imperatore. "And the king of Navarre was a mere "rex".

Oliba started or reformed the monasteries of Montserrat (1025), Fluvià, and Canigó. He consecrated or patronized many other churches, such as the Collegiate Basilica of Manresa. He started the Assemblies of Peace and Truce, which later became Catalonia's "corts", or parliament. He improved the decoration of his church at Ripoll and rededicated it on 15 January 1032. He was a close advisor to Count Berengar Raymond I of Barcelona and he rebuilt the cathedral of Vic with help from Countess Ermesinda. The new cathedral was rededicated to Peter and Paul on 31 August 1038. He died at his monastery at Cuixà in 1046.

In August 1002, when Oliba was 31 years, he became a monk of the Benedictine Order in the Monastery of Ripoll.

In 1008, after the death of Abbot Seniofré, Olive was elected abbot, or leader of the monastery. Months later, he was elected abbot of the Monastery of St. Miquel de Cuixà. Oliba decided the monasteries should be more austere and disciplined.

By the following year, Oliba had become a little famous. In 1009, he was also elected abbot of Sant Martí del Canigó. Other monasteries liked his way of running things, such as the monasteries of Sant Feliu and Sant Sadurní Tavèrnoles.

Oliba spent his time and energy defending churches' property and rights against attacks by his manor. In 1011, he went to the Vatican to meet the leader of the Roman Catholic Church, Pope Sergius IV, and he won several bulls, which are papal rulings, for his monasteries. These papal bulls had significant power: the Pope, whom medieval Catholics considered God's representative on earth, said that the monasteries and lands owned were under the protection of St. Peter and the attack on the abbey was an aggression against the authority of the Pope.

In the late tenth century, Catalonia became an important place for culture and art. The people there had access to Arabic science, and the places where monks wrote and made copies of other pieces of writing called "scriptoria" became some of the best in Europe.

Ripoll was the most critical scriptorium in Catalonia. With help from things he learned at Ripoll, Pope Sylvester II introduced the Arabic numbers, the concept of zero, and the astrolabe to Europe. During Oliba's time, the library at Ripoll gained three the number of pieces of writing; together with the Bobbio, it became one of the most important libraries in the Christian world during the middle ages.

Oliba made architectural modifications to this monastery. Oliba had a walkway built around the sanctuary with three apses. Then, he built a dome over the altar and the crypt. He also erected the Nativity, Chapel of the Trinity, and the two towers of Lombard, of which only one is still standing today.

The monastery of St. Martí del Canigó was founded by Oliba's brother, Count Gifré II of Cerdanya-Conflent. Gifré took an old church at the foot of Canigó and became an important monastery.

In 1009, this church and its community were made up of monks from Cuixà. Abbot Oliba ruled it throughout his community until 1014 when it had enough monks to start an abbot of its own.


Yun Hyon-seok

Yun Hyok-seok (, October 7, 1984 – April 26, 2003) was a South Korean activist, poet and writer. He fought for human rights, civil rights, LGBT rights and peace. His nickname was Yook Woo Dang (), which means "six friends". He wrote using the names Sulheon (, ) and Midong (, , "Beauty Boy"), Donghwa (동화, 童花, Boy's flower), Roman Catholic baptismal name is Antonio.

Yun was born in Incheon. His family is Catholic. He later moved to Seoul. While he was a student, he began writing and poetry. In March 2000, he started going to Incheon Seil high school. At high school, he came out as gay. This made him isolated from his classmates. By November 2002, he left high school. He began living in a neighbourhood of Dongdaemun District of Seoul.

Yun's nickname, Yook Woo Dang, means "six friends". It refers to alcohol, tobacco, sleeping pills, foundation make-up, green tea and rosary beads. His penname Sulheon came from Heo Chohui's nickname "Nanseolheon". Heo Chohui was a female poet and painter during the Joseon dynasty in Korea.

In 2002 and 2003, Yun became an activist for human rights and peace. In March 2003, he was a conscientious objector to South Korea's conscription military service. But his opinions did not matter to some Koreans, because of his sexuality. In early April 2003, some South Korean Christian organisations gave a statement against homosexuality. Yun spoke out against this and wrote an article to some South Korean newspapers and the foreign press.

In April 26, 2003, Yun committed suicide, in Dongdaemun in Seoul. He hanged himself. He did it to protest discrimination against gay people in South Korea.




Kresten Bjerre

Kresten Bjerre (22 February 1946 – 19 February 2014), nicknamed Generalen ("The General"), was a Danish association footballer. He played for Houston Stars in the United States and for the European clubs PSV Eindhoven and R.W.D. Molenbeek. He was born in Copenhagen.

Bjerre died from cancer on 19 February 2014 in Odense. He was 67 years old.


Antti Raanta

Antti Raanta (born May 12, 1989) is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender. He currently plays for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks, New York Rangers, Nd Arizona Coyotes.

Before playing in the NHL, Raanta played 4 seasons in the SM-liiga with Lukko and Ässät.

During his time with Ässät, he won the Lasse Oksanen trophy for the SM-liiga best player of regular season and the Jari Kurri trophy for the best player of the playoffs with .955 SV%. He went 21-10-11 and recorded five shutouts in 45 games. He finished with a 1.85 goals-against average and .943 save percentage.

On June 3, 2013, he signed a one-year entry-level contract with the Chicago Blackhawks. He was assigned to their AHL-affiliate, the Rockford IceHogs. On November 17, 2013, he was recalled by the Blackhawks from the Rockford IceHogs because backup goaltender Nikolai Khabibulin was injured in a loss versus the Nashville Predators the previous night.

On December 30, 2013, he was able to earn his first career shutout when the Blackhawks beat the Los Angeles Kings at home. He was able to stop all 26 shots that he had faced, and improved to 10-1-3 on the season. He was named the Rookie of the Month, along with Martin Jones, for December 2013, going 8-1-3 with one shutout.

On June 27, 2015, Raanta was traded to the New York Rangers in exchange for Ryan Haggerty.


Miquel Crusafont i Pairó

Miquel Crusafont i Pairó (1910, Sabadell, Spain—1983) was a Catalan palaeontologist. He specialised in mammal bones.

Crusafont obtained a Degree in Pharmacy from the University of Barcelona in 1933. He got a degree in Natural Sciences from the University of Madrid in 1950.

In 1961, he was appointed Professor of Palaeontology at the University of Oviedo. He later became Professor of Anthropology at the Societatis Iesu (Barcelona).

In 1969, Crusafont founded the Provincial Palaeontology Institute. It has been known as the Miquel Crusafont Palaeontology Institute since 1983.

The prehistoric mammal "Crusafontia" was named for Crusafont.



Non-commissioned officer

A non-commissioned officer (sometimes spelled noncommissioned officer and shortened to NCO or non-com (US)), called a sub-officer in some countries, is a military officer who has not been given a commission. Non-commissioned officers, in the English-speaking world, usually obtain their position of authority by promotion through the enlisted ranks.

NCOs usually include all grades of corporal and sergeant; in some countries, warrant officers also do the same things as NCOs. In the navy and depending on the country, some or all grades of petty officer may be counted as NCO's. There are different classes of non-commissioned officer, including junior non-commissioned officers (JNCO) and senior (or staff) non-commissioned officers (SNCO).



Durrington Walls

Durrington Walls is the site of a large Neolithic settlement and later henge enclosure in the Stonehenge World Heritage Site. It is 2 miles north-east of Stonehenge in the parish of Durrington, just north of Amesbury.

Excavations in 2013 by a team has revealed a huge settlement; 1,000 homes have been found, supporting a population of 4,000 people at one time. The village was carbon dated to about 2600 B.C.

The monument was on "an extraordinary scale" and unique, researchers said.
The Stonehenge Hidden Landscapes team has been creating an underground map of the area in a five-year project.
Remote sensing and geophysical imaging technology has been used to reveal evidence of nearly 100 stones without the need for excavation.
The monument is just under two miles (3km) from Stonehenge, Wiltshire, and is thought to have been a Neolithic ritual site.

It is the "largest Neolithic settlement in the whole of northern Europe". At 500m in diameter, the henge is the largest in Britain and recent evidence suggests that it was a complementary monument to Stonehenge.

What visibly remains of Durrington Walls today is the 'walls' of the henge monument. This is now a ridge surrounding a central basin. Originally the ditch was some 5.5m deep, 7m wide at its bottom and 18m wide at the top. The bank was in some areas 30m wide. There were two entrances through the bank and ditch – at the north western and south eastern ends. The henge enclosed several timber circles and smaller enclosures – not all of which have been excavated. Several Neolithic house floors have been found next to and under the eastern bank of the henge. Their density suggests that there was a very large village on the sloping river bank on this side.

About three feet underneath Durrington Walls, there are remains of about 90 standing stones, maybe from an earlier time. The stones are in a "slightly curved row." They were found in 2015, using special archaeological research tools and methods including ground-penetrating radar. Scientists do not know if this feature is the same age as early Stonehenge or not. 

Bill Gramática

Guillermo C. "Bill" Gramática (born July 10, 1978) is a retired American Football placekicker. He played college football for the University of South Florida. He played 34 games in the National Football League (NFL). He played with the Arizona Cardinals and 1 game with the Miami Dolphins. Gramática is probably best known for tearing the ACL in his right knee after jumping up to celebrate and tearing it on landing. After he retired, Bill and his brother Martín run a company called Gramatica Group LLC which specializes in energy-efficient construction.

Sergey Aksyonov

Sergey Valeryevich Aksyonov (, ; born 26 November 1972) is a Russian politician. Aksyonov is the Prime Minister of Crimea. He is the first Prime Minister of Crimea since it gained independence in March 2014.

Joseph Murray

Joseph Edward Murray (April 1, 1919 – November 26, 2012) was an American plastic surgeon. 

He is best known for performing the first successful human kidney transplant on identical twins Richard and Ronald Herrick on December 23, 1954.

He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1990 for "discoveries concerning organ and cell transplantation in the treatment of human disease". He shared the prize with E. Donnall Thomas. He attended Harvard Medical School in 1974.

During World War II he was in the Medical Corps of the United States Army.

Brendan Byrne

Brendan Thomas Byrne (April 1, 1924 – January 4, 2018) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Byrne served as the 47th Governor of New Jersey from January 15, 1974 to January 19, 1982. Byrne was born and raised in West Orange, New Jersey.

Byrne died on January 4, 2018 in Livingston, New Jersey of a lung infection at the age of 93.


George Emil Palade

George Emil Palade (November 19, 1912 – October 8, 2008) was a Romanian cell biologist. He is best known for the innovations in electron microscopy and cell fractionation which helped lay the foundations of modern molecular cell biology.

Palade was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974. He won the award "for their discoveries concerning the structural and functional organization of the cell". He shared it with Albert Claude and Christian de Duve. Palade was described as "the most influential cell biologist ever"


Donald Regan

Donald Thomas "Don" Regan (December 21, 1918 – June 10, 2003) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Regan was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He studied at Harvard College and at Harvard Law School. Regan married Ann Buchanan in 1942.

He was the 66th United States Secretary of the Treasury from 1981 to 1985 under the Ronald Reagan administration. He then served as Chief of Staff from 1985 to 1987 under Reagan as well.

In 1987, Regan resigned due to personal angers against First Lady Nancy Reagan and Ronald Reagan's cabinet.

Regan then quickly retired in his Virginia home. He painted many paintings and was paid to have some of them displayed at museums. Regan had four children with his wife Ann.

Regan died of cancer in a hospital near his home in Williamsburg, Virginia, aged 84. He was buried in Arlington National Cemetery, Arlington, Virginia.


Dilip Kumar

Dilip Kumar (born Muhammad Yusuf Khan; 11 December 1922 – 7 July 2021) was an Indian movie actor. He was well known in the Indian cinema industry. He worked in many movies along with fellow Indian actor Pran. His career has lasted for almost 60 years. He was known for his role as King Dilip Dilip in the Indian classic "Tragedy King".

He held the "Guinness World Record" for winning the maximum number of awards by an Indian actor.

Kumar was born Muhammad Yusuf Khan on 11 December 1922 in Peshawar, British India, now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Kumar died on 7 July 2021 in Mumbai from prostate cancer at the age of 98.

Dadasaheb Phalke

Dhundiraj Govind Phalke (30 April 1870 – 16 February 1944) was an Indian producer-director-screenwriter. He is known as "the father of Indian cinema". The Dadasaheb Phalke Award, awarded to people who worked for a long time to the Indian cinema, was created in his honor by the Government of India in 1969. He made India's first feature-length film, Raja Harishchandra, in 1913. The award is considered the highest honor in the Indian film industry and is given annually to individuals who have made significant contributions to the field.

Ashok Kumar

Ashok Kumar () (13 October 1911–10 December 2001) or Dadamoni was an Indian movie actor. The Government of India honored him with the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 1988 and the Padma Bhushan in 1998 for his work to the Indian cinema.

Kumar was born Kumudlal Ganguly in Bhagalpur, Bengal Presidency. Kumar died at the age of 90 in Mumbai from heart failure at his home in Chembur.

Robert F. Furchgott

Robert Francis Furchgott (June 4, 1916 – May 19, 2009) was an American biochemist. 

He discovered a substance in endothelial cells that relaxes blood vessels. He called it endothelium-derived relaxing factor (EDRF). He later worked out EDRF's nature and mechanism of action, and determined that EDRF was nitric oxide (NO), which is an important compound in many aspects of cardiovascular physiology. The research that was done was important in explaining the action of Viagra, treatment of blue babies, and other medical as well as health-related issues. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1998 "for their discoveries concerning nitric oxide as a signalling molecule in the cardiovascular system". He shared the prize with Louis Ignarro and Ferid Murad. He also won a Gairdner Foundation International Award in 1991 and a Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 1996.

Trouble with the Curve

The movie Trouble with the Curve is a sports drama movie. It is about sports related issues around Atlanta. Clint Eastwood plays Gus, and Amy Adams plays his daughter Mickey.

The movie was released in September of 2012. It underwent some controversy for troubles related to plagiarism.

Acadie–Bathurst Titan

The Acadie–Bathurst Titan are a Canadian ice hockey team. The team began playing in 1969. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). They play their home games in Bathurst, New Brunswick at the K. C. Irving Regional Centre.

The team was first created in 1969 and played in Rosemont National as the Rosemont, Quebec. They moved to Laval to become the Laval National, and later the Laval Voisins. In 1985, they were known as the Laval Titan, and in 1994, they became the Laval Titan Collège Français from a merger with the Verdun Collège Français. In 1998, the moved to Bathurst and became the Acadie–Bathurst Titan

The Titan organization have won President's Cup five times. In the 1999–2000 season, they had the first female to be drafted by a QMJHL team when they drafted Charline Labonté, a 17-year-old Quebec goaltender who spent parts of two seasons with the team.


Ben Scrivens

Ben Scrivens (born September 11, 1986 in Spruce Grove, Alberta) is a Canadian professional goaltender for the Edmonton Oilers. Scrivens was undrafted but signed with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 2010. On January 29, 2014, Scrivens stopped all 59 shots that the Oilers defence allowed and set a new NHL record for most saves in a shutout. He is also referred to as ScrVezina.

Uwe Timm (libertarian writer)

Uwe Timm (5 February 1932 – 7 March 2014) was a German writer, anarchist, and anti-militarist. He was the co-editor of "espero". He was born in Hamburg, Nazi Germany.

Timm died on 7 March 2014 in Barcelona, Spain. He was 82 years old.


Andy Lehrer

Andy Z. Lehrer (16 May 1930 – January or February 2014) was a Romanian entomologist. From 1996 until his death, he worked as a research associate in the laboratory of Zoology at the University of Tel Aviv in Tel Aviv, Israel. For several years, he studied flesh flies and blow flies all over the world.

Lehrer was born born in Iaşi, Iaşi County. He died in early 2014, aged 83.

Vancouver International Film Festival

The Vancouver International Film Festival (VIFF) is an annual movie festival in Vancouver, British Columbia. It is held for two weeks in late September and early October. It is held by Greater Vancouver International Film Festival Society and it began in 1982. It is among the five largest movie festivals in North America. The Festival screens the largest selection of East Asian movies outside of that region, it is one of the biggest showcases of Canadian film in the world, and it has one of the a largest nonfiction program outside of a Documentary Film Festival.


Vancouver Marathon

The BMO Vancouver Marathon is an annual marathon which is run on the first Sunday of every May in Vancouver, British Columbia. The distance of the race is 26 miles and 385 yards and is the largest international marathon event in Canada. The current sponsor for the marathon is Bank of Montreal.

It is certified by both the International Association of Athletics Federations & Association of International Marathons and Distance Races as a qualifying marathon race. It started in 1972 after a small group of 46 runners ran five loops of Stanley Park to finish the first Vancouver International Marathon (which was known as Lions Gate Road Runners International Marathon). A Full Marathon is a Boston Marathon qualifying event and is 42 km, and a Half Marathon is 21 km.

The Forbes 2014 Travel Guide named the BMO Vancouver Marathon one of the world’s Top Ten Marathons Worth Travelling For that marathon season. It also made their top ten marathon destinations in 2012.


Khushwant Singh

Khushwant Singh (2 February 1915 – 20 March 2014) was an Indian writer, poet and journalist. His work was mostly in English. He was best known for his secularism. He was born in Hadali, British India, which is now Sargodha District, Pakistan.

Singh died from natural causes on the morning of 20 March 2014 at his home in New Delhi. He was 99 years old.


Clive James

Clive James (born Vivian Leopold James; 7 October 1939 – 24 November 2019) was an Australian writer, critic, broadcaster, poet, translator and memoirist. He is best known for his autobiographical series "Unreliable Memoirs".

James was born in Kogarah, Sydney, New South Wales. He lived in the United Kingdom since 1961 until his death. He has two children. He was an atheist.

James was diagnosed with leukemia and emphysema in 2010. He died on 24 of November 2019 in Cambridge at the age of 80.


Titanotylopus

Titanotylopus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore in the family Camelidae. It was endemic to North America from the Miocene through Pleistocene 10.3 million years ago—300,000 years ago. It existed for about .

Its name is derived from the Greek words Τιτάν, τύλος and πούς — "Titan", "knob" and "foot"; thus, "giant knobby-foot."

Francesc Macià i Llussà

Francesc Macià i Llussà (1859 - 1933) was the 122nd President of Catalonia. He was also a Catalan officer in the Spanish Army.

Macià achieved the rank of lieutenant-colonel during his military career.
He condemned the assault of some Spanish officers on the journal "La Veu de Catalunya" in 1905. He was forced to abandon the army.

In 1922 he founded the independentist party Estat Català. 

In 1926 he attempted a revolt against the Spanish dictatorship of Miguel Primo de Rivera. This uprising was based in Prats de Molló (Roussillon). It was aborted by the French Gendarmerie, but it gained a lot of popularity for his cause in Catalonia.

In 1931 Macià proclaimed the "Free Catalan Republic" in Barcelona. He was forced afterwards to settle for partial autonomy within the new Spanish Republic. Macià was the President of Generalitat from 1932 until his death in 1933. He is buried at the Montjuïc Cemetery in Barcelona's Montjuïc hill.

Jacob Parrott

Jacob Wilson Parrott (July 17, 1843–December 22, 1908) was the first person to be given the Medal of Honor.

Parrott was from Fairfield County, Ohio. He joined the 20th OVI for 90 days. When he finished that he returned to his home town of Kenton, Ohio. He joined the United States Army in 1861 as a private in Company K, 33rd Ohio Infantry. He first fought in the Battle of Ivy Mountain. In April 1862, he volunteered to take part in a raid with twenty-one others (later known as "Andrews' Raiders" because they operated under the command of James J. Andrews). After going behind Confederate lines and stealing the locomotive "General," they were captured and imprisoned. Parrott was severely beaten 110 times to try to make him talk. He and fourteen others managed to escape. Only six of them reached friendly lines. He was later exchanged. He met President Abraham Lincoln in Washington, D.C.. Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton gave him the Medal of Honor. He served with the Union Army for the rest of the war. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in 1863 after the Battle of Stones River. H was commissioned as a first lieutenant in 1864.

He returned to Kenton, Ohio after the war. He remained a cabinet maker. He ran a stone quarry south of Kenton, Ohio. Parrott suffered a heart attack and died while walking home from the county courthouse in Kenton, Ohio. He is buried in Grove Cemetery, on State Route 309, east edge of Kenton, Ohio.

Rank and Organization:
Citation:


Seasonal affective disorder

Seasonal affective disorder (SAD), also called winter depression, winter blues, summer depression and seasonal depression, is a mood disorder that happens in people who have normal mental health throughout most of the year. They show depressive symptoms at the same time each year, usually in the winter.

Some people think that SAD is related to not having enough serotonin because they don't get enough sunlight, which could cause serotonin polymorphisms. Serotonin polymorphisms could be the cause in SAD, although it has been disputed (people think it's not correct).

Some symptoms are:

Treatments include light therapy, medication, ionized-air administration, cognitive-behavioral therapy, and taking the hormone melatonin at the right time. Doctors often cure SAD with bright light therapy, although normal light therapy is the most common treatment for SAD. Part of light therapy can include being in sunlight, either directly from being outside, or by using a computer controlled heliostat (a device that includes a mirror, usually a plain mirror, usually turns to keep reflecting sunlight on a specific object) to reflect into the windows of a home or office. Physical exercise is also a good form of therapy for SAD, especially when combined with other forms of treatments.

Alpha and Omega 3: The Great Wolf Games

Alpha and Omega 3: The Great Wolf Games is a 2014 American computer-animated comedy/adventure movie. It is the third installment in the "Alpha and Omega" franchise. Like the second one, this movie is directed by Richard Rich and Perry Andelin Blake and written by Tom Kane. "Alpha and Omega 3" follows the story of The Great Wolf Games, a contest where puppies from different packs compete. Runt, Stinky and Claudette also join in, even though their pack "took a pass on the games", with Humphrey as their coach.

The movie is a sequel to "Alpha and Omega" and "". It came out on iTunes on March 4, 2014. It was released on March 25, 2014 as a Walmart Exclusive. 

Kate, Humphrey, and the puppies are back in Jasper. Kate has to leave on a hunting trip with the others. Humphrey has to take care of the puppies. Runt, Stinky and Claudette hear about The Great Wolf Games from another puppy from the Northern Pack named Fleet. He has a crush on Claudette and tells them that the Western Pack won't be in the games. Claudette insists on forming their own team with Brent a grizzly bear cub, and Agnes a porcupine. Humphrey becomes their coach.

Director Richard Rich said there would be third and fourth movies in the franchise. He directs "Alpha and Omega 3". Tom Kane wrote the script. He was also the uncredited co-director. 
"Alpha and Omega 3: The Great Wolf Games" received mixed reviews from critics, having 44% in Rotten Tomatoes and a 42 out of 100 in Metacritic and mostly positive reviews by fans (with audience rating of 77%). However, it wasn't as successful as "Alpha and Omega 2". The movie's consensus in Rotten Tomatoes is: ""Alpha and Omega 3: The Great Wolf Games" does have improved animation, lovable characters and it'll definitely entertain kids and die hard fans of the franchise, but it seems to suffer from a lazy story and a thinly-written script". Critics noted the animation's improvement, nice humor, likable characters and improved ending, but criticized the movie's story and the absence of the rest of the main characters. However, fans of the franchise had mostly positive reactions for the movie. Though they expressed disappointment on the story and for the lack of the original characters, they praised the movie on everything else. 

"" came out on iTunes on September 23, 2014. It was released on DVD, Digital HD and Pay-Per-View on October 7.

Iñaki Azkuna

Iñaki Azkuna Urreta (14 February 1943 – 20 March 2014) was a Spanish politician of the Basque Nationalist Party. From 1999 until his death, he was mayor of the city of Bilbao, Biscay in the Basque Country. In 2012, he won the World Mayor Prize, honoring the most outstanding mayors in the world. He was born in Durango, Biscay.

Azkuna died from prostate cancer on 20 March 2014 in Bilbao, Biscay. He was 71 years old.


Lucius Shepard

Lucius Shepard (August 21, 1943 – March 18, 2014) was an American writer. He mostly worked as a science fiction and fantasy writer. His best known book works were "The Jaguar Hunter" (1987), "Life During Wartime" (1990), and "The Ends of the Earth" (1991). He also wrote the comic book series "Vermillion" (1996–97) for Helix of DC Comics. He was born in Lynchburg, Virginia.

Shepard died on March 18, 2014 in Portland, Oregon. He was 70 years old.

Maddie Blaustein

Madeleine "Maddie" Blaustein (October 9, 1960 – December 11, 2008) was an American voice actress. Until her death, Blaustein was the voice of Sartorius in "Yu-Gi-Oh! GX". She was also the voice of Meowth in the "Pokémon" anime.

Blaustein was born intersex. She was a male when she was born, and lived as male for many years until changing to female.

Bert I. Gordon

Bert Ira Gordon (September 24, 1922 – March 8, 2023) was an American movie maker. He made many movies that are science fiction. He made his first movie when he was 32 in 1955, called "King Dinosaur". In the movie, a group of astronauts go to another planet and find lots of strange creatures.

In an interview with Shout! Factory, he explained he always wanted to make movies ever since one of his relatives gave him a video camera.

Gordon had a daughter, Susan. She was a child actor. She even starred in Bert's movie, "Tormented".

Gordon died on March 8, 2023 at a hospital in Los Angeles, California at the age of 100.

Vince Wilfork

Vince Wilfork is a football player

Trans-Saharan trade

Nicholas of Cusa

Nicholas of Kues (1401 – August 11, 1464) or Nicolaus Cusanus and Nicholas of Cusa, was a German philosopher, theologian, jurist, and astronomer. He was one of the first German proponents of Renaissance humanism.

Werner Forssmann

Werner Theodor Otto Forßmann (29 August 1904 – 1 June 1979) was a German physician. He was the winner of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1956. Forssmann studied the active principles and discovered cardiac catheterization.

Bernard Katz

Sir Bernard Katz (26 March 1911 – 20 April 2003) was a British physician of Jewish-German descent. He was the winner of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1970. He studied the active principles of nerve biochemistry.

Panasonic

Panasonic Corporation, formerly known as Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd, is a multinational electronics company. Panasonic is known for their electronics products. The company was created by Kōnosuke Matsushita in 1918. It is the fourth-largest television manufacturer in the world. The company was known, as Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd. from 1935 to October 1, 2008.


Suzanne Moore

Suzanne Moore (born 1958) is an English journalist. Moore was born in Ipswich to an American father and a Tory-voting working-class mother. She is a feminist.
She was the winner of the Orwell Prize for Journalism in 2019. and resigned from The Guardian in 2020.

Military occupation

Military or belligerent occupation is a control by a certain ruling power over a territory, which is not under the formal sovereignty of that entity, without the violation. The territory is then known as the "occupied" territory, and the ruling power is the "occupant".


Austin &amp; Ally

Austin & Ally is an American sitcom. It started on December 2, 2011, on the Disney Channel. The main characters are Austin (Ross Lynch) Ally (Laura Marano) Trish (Raini Rodriguez) and Dez (Calum Worthy). The story is set in Miami. Most of the time the characters are in Sonic Boom, a music shop. The shop is owned by Ally’s father, but Ally is the manager. Austin and Ally have their rehearsal room in Sonic Boom. There are secondary characters in this sitcom: Ally's parent, Nelson and Jimmy Star (the boss of Austin’s recording studio).

"Austin & Ally "is a comedy about the friendship of the singer and musician Austin Moon (Ross Lynch) and the shy songwriter Ally Dawson (Laura Marano). In the show, Ally has strong stage fright (fear of being on a stage in front of many people).

In the first episode called "Rockers & Writers", Austin secretly sings and records one of Ally's songs. He becomes famous from it after his best friend Dez (Calum Worthy) helps him make a music video for the song and posts it on the internet. Ally is convinced by her best friend Trish (Raini Rodriguez) to tell people she wrote the song. Austin convinces Ally to join him to write songs. The two become friends and work on making Austin more famous. Trish becomes Austin's manager and Dez creates Austin's music videos. The four of them have many adventures in Austin's music career. Austin gets signed to a character Jimmy Star's record label at the end of the first season.

Austin and Ally work together to solve problems in the second season. Ally gets rid of her stage fright by performing with Austin. Ally signs a record deal and records an album. Austin goes on a national tour. Ally does not go to the first part of Austin's tour but does go to the second half.


Francesc Eiximenis

Francesc Eiximenis (born in Girona around 1330 - died in Perpinyà around 1409) was a Franciscan Catalan writer. He lived in the Crown of Aragon in the 14th century. He was possibly one of the most important medieval Catalan writers. His works were read, copied, published and translated in many places. He had a strong influence in literacy and politics. People like the kings of the Crown of Aragon Peter IV, John I and Martin I, the queen Maria de Luna and the Pope of Avignon Benedict XIII read the works of Eiximenis.

Ernest Mühlen

Ernest Mühlen (8 June 1926 – 19 March 2014) was a Luxembourgish politician for the Christian Social People's Party, economist, and financial journalist. In 1973, he won a place on Luxembourg City's communal council. He was born in Ettelbruck.

Mühlen died on 19 March 2014 at the age of 87.


Henk Weerink

Hendrik "Henk" Weerink (2 July 1936 – 13 March 2014) was a Dutch association football referee. He refereed between 1967 and 1983 for more than 450 matches in national and international matches. He was born in Coevorden, Drenthe.

Weerink died on 13 March 2014 in his hometown of Coevorden. He was 77 years old.


Cees Veerman (musician)

Cees Veerman (6 October 1943 – 15 March 2014) was a Dutch musician. He was a singer, composer and guitarist for the rock band The Cats. He was born in Volendam in the province of North Holland.

Veerman died in his sleep on the morning of 15 March 2014 in Yogyakarta, Yogyakarta Special Region, Indonesia. He was 70 years old.


Tholocoleus astrifer

Tholocoleus astrifer is a moth of the Noctuidae family. Butler used the scientific name in 1886.


Anzu wyliei

Anzu is a genus of oviraptorosaurian dinosaurs from the latest Cretaceous, 66 million years ago (mya). Its remains were found in North and South Dakota. The type species is "Anzu wyliei".

"Anzu wyliei" had a toothless beak, a prominent crest, long arms ending in slender relatively straight claws, long powerful legs with slender toes, and a very long tail. In life, the animal was about to long and to in weight. It was one of the largest known oviraptorosaurs and the largest known from North America (though the giant Mongolian oviraptorosaur "Gigantoraptor" was far larger).

The type species is the first well-preserved example of a North American oviraptorosaur. According to a paleontologist at the Smithsonian "for almost a hundred years, the presence of oviraptorosaurs in North America was only known from a few bits of skeleton, and the details of their appearance and biology remained a mystery. With the discovery of "A. wyliei", we finally have the fossil evidence to show what this species looked like and how it is related to other dinosaurs". The creature's formidable appearance – "big crests on their skulls, a beak, no teeth, and a very bird-like skeleton" – led to it being jokingly called the "chicken from hell" in press releases.

The fossils of "Anzu wyliei" were found in mudstone rock that had once been part of ancient floodplains. Its Asian counterparts lived in arid or semi-arid conditions. 

Its lifestyle was that of "a fast-running, ecological generalist that didn't quite fit the usual moulds of meat-eating or plant-eating dinosaur". It was not on the direct line of descent of modern birds, but it did have bird-like features: 

The function of "Anzu's" large crest is debated. The crest "is very large and made of paper-thin bone, so it was not able to take much stress. All oviraptosaurs have this crest but it is certainly the largest in "A. wyliei"". The most likely function is for display, signalling to members of its own species. Also, it might be used to attract a mate. 

The fossils showed evidence of injuries, including a healed broken rib and an arthritic toe that was probably the result of a tendon being ripped away from the bone. It is not known whether this indicates that the animals fought each other, or were injured by predators.

Software extension

A software extension is a type of computer program that is meant to "extend" (add on to) what another computer program (called the base program) is able to do. Usually, it has some more instructions that the base program does not have. Either the base program or the extension can tell those instructions to run.


Dennis Jackson

Dennis Leonard Jackson (8 March 1932 – 21 March 2014) was an English professional footballer. He played as a full back.

Jackson was born in Birmingham, England. 

In August 1949, at 17 years of age, Jackson was signed-up for the amateur team West Bromwich Albion F.C.. Three years later, he stopped his playing career to join the British Army. In June 1954, he trained with Aston Villa F.C.. On 1 October of the same year he signed professionally by Hednesford Town F.C. for the next two years. 

He later played for Millwall F.C. for another two seasons. Finally in 1961, he moved to Rugby Town F.C. for the next five seasons, retiring as a player in May 1966 at 34 years of age.

Jackson died at the age of 82.

Geoffrey Bayldon

Geoffrey Bayldon (7 January 1924 – 10 May 2017) was a British actor. He is known for having the lead role in "Catweazle" (1970–72). Bayldon declined the role of both the First and Second Doctors in the long-running BBC science fiction television series "Doctor Who". He was born in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire.

Bayldon died on 10 May 2017 in London at the age of 93. His partner of many years, fellow actor Alan Rowe, predeceased him in 2000.

Breaking up (disambiguation)

Breaking up refers to a breakup, when an interpersonal relationship ends. It may also refer to:


Junk (ship)

A junk is an ancient Chinese sailing vessel/ship design. It is still in use today. Junks were created during the Song Dynasty (960-1129) They were used during the 2nd century. They were found throughout South East Asia and India. They were mostly found in China and most famously in Hong Kong.

Livermore, California

Livermore, California is a city in Alameda County, California. It is near San Francisco. It has 87,955 people as of 2020.

There are two national laboratories in Livermore: Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, and the California site of Sandia National Laboratories. These are centers of scientific research. Many advanced technologies, such as nuclear weapons, are designed here. The chemical element with number 117, Livermorium, was named after the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. It was discovered by scientists from LLNL, together with scientists from the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna, Russia.

Livermore has many vineyards and wineries.

Helen Gahagan Douglas

Helen Gahagan Douglas (November 25, 1900 – June 28, 1980) was an American actress and politician. She was the third woman and first Democratic woman elected to Congress from California. 

Her election made California one of the first two states to elect female members to the House from both parties.

Gahagan died on in New York City, New York from breast cancer and lung cancer, aged 79.


Henry Moseley

Moseley worked on many theories about the atomic number. This soon became known as Moseley's law in X-ray spectra. Moseley's Law helped prove many ideas in chemistry by organizing the chemical elements of the periodic table of the elements in a quite logical order based on their physics. 

Moseley was shot and killed during the Battle of Gallipoli on 10 August 1915, at the age of 27. Some people say that he could have won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1916 if he was never killed.

Philip Barry

Philip James Quinn Barry (June 18, 1896 – December 3, 1949) was an American dramatist. He is best known for his plays "Holiday" (1928) and "The Philadelphia Story" (1939). He was born in Rochester, New York.

Barry died from a heart attack in New York City, New York, aged 53.



Fargo (TV series)

Fargo is an American anthology crime drama television series. It is set mostly in Bemidji, Minnesota. Other locations shown are Duluth, Minnesota and Fargo, North Dakota. It is based on the 1996 movie of the same name. It premiered on April 15, 2014.

The show was announced in 2012 by FX. The production for the series began in the fall of 2013 with filming taking place in and around Calgary, Alberta. On July 21, 2014, FX renewed "Fargo" for a ten-episode second season, which premiered in October 2015. A third season premiered in April 2017.

In January 2006, Lorne Malvo (Billy Bob Thornton) passes through Bemidji, Minnesota and influences the community with his malice, violence and deception, including put-upon insurance salesman Lester Nygaard (Martin Freeman). Meanwhile, Deputy Molly Solverson (Allison Tolman) and Duluth police officer Gus Grimly (Colin Hanks) team up to solve a series of murders they believe may be linked to Malvo and Nygaard.

The season takes place in 1979 in Sioux Falls, South Dakota and Luverne, Minnesota. It features state police officer Lou Solverson (Patrick Wilson), who has just returned from Vietnam, investigating a crime involving a local gang, Mob syndicate and being assign to protect then-Republican presidential candidate Ronald Reagan during his campaign stop in Fargo.




Tony Sale

Anthony Edgar "Tony" Sale, FBCS (30 January 1931 – 28 August 2011) was an English electronic engineer, computer programmer, computer hardware engineer, and historian of computing. He helped create the Colossus computer replica at The National Museum of Computing at Bletchley Park in England. It was completed in 2007.

Ignatius Zakka I Iwas

Ignatius Zakka I Iwas (, , ', born Sanharib Iwas; 21 April 1933 – 21 March 2014) was an Iraqi Christian religious leader. He was the 122nd Syriac Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch and All the East from 1980 until his death. He was also Supreme Head of the Universal Syriac Orthodox Church. He was born in Mosul, Iraq.

Iwas died after a long illness on 21 March 2014 at a hospital in Kiel, Germany. He was 80.


St. George, Utah

St. George, Utah is a city in Washington County, Utah. It is located near Las Vegas and Salt Lake City, between the Utah and Nevada border. It had 95,342 people in 2020, up from 72,897 people in 2010.

Meatloaf

Meatloaf is a dish of ground meat formed into a loaf shape, mixed with other ingredients, then baked or smoked. Meatloaf is usually made from ground beef, although lamb, pork, veal, venison, and poultry are also used.

Bunratty Castle

Bunratty Castle is a castle in Bunratty, near Shannon in Ireland. It was built in the 1400s.

An image of Bunratty Castle was used in the 1976 The Paul Lynde Halloween Special, as the home of Witchiepoo.The castle was renamed 'Gloomsbury Castle' for comedic purpose but not actually filmed there.
Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral

Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral is Church of Ireland cathedral in the city of Cork in Ireland. The current building was finished in 1879.

Joseph Bacon Fraser Jr.

Joseph Bacon "Joe" Fraser, Jr. (January 26, 1926 – March 13, 2014) was an American real estate developer. He was a co-founder of the Sea Pines Company, along with his brother Charles E. Fraser and father General Joseph B. Fraser. He first developed Hilton Head Island into a popular destination. He was born in Hinesville, Georgia.

Fraser died from natural causes on March 13, 2014 in Bluffton, South Carolina. He was 80 years old.


Jessica Iskandar

Jessica Iskandar (born 29 January 1988) is an Indonesian actress, singer, presenter and model.

Jessica Iskandar was a model at John Casablanca. After trying casting in some agemcies, she got the role as Kara in the movie "Dealova" in 2005. She also had a small role in the Malaysian movie "Diva" (2007). Currently, she is in a soap opera. She is also in ads. She has been a presenter since March 2011. She played in "Campur-Campur" in ANTV.

Currently, Jessica Iskandar is studying interior design at Trisakti University, Jakarta. She reportedly did not go to college again after three semesters for career matters.


Kari Lehtonen

Kari Lehtonen (born November 16, 1983) is a Finnish ice hockey goaltender. He currently plays for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Lehtonen played 72 games in the SM-liiga with Jokerit. During his time there, he was able to win the Urpo Ylönen trophy, which is given to the best goalie of the season, as well as the Jari Kurri trophy, the league's playoff MVP award.

He was drafted with the 2nd overall pick by the Atlanta Thrashers in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. This made him the highest drafted European goaltender and highest Finnish player ever in NHL history. Lehtonen played 4 seasons with the Thrashers before he was traded to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Ivan Vishnevskiy and a 4th round draft pick (Ivan Telegin) on February 9, 2010.


Boris Pustyntsev

Boris Pavlovich Pustyntsev (; 2 June 1935 – 4 March 2014) was a Russian human rights activist. He was best known as chairman of the charitable organisation St. Petersburg NGO.

Pustyntsev was born in Vladivostok, Primorsky Krai, then Soviet Union. His father was Pavel Pustyntsev (1910–1977).

Pustyntsev died after a long illness on 4 March 2014 in Saint Petersburg. He was 78.


Werner Rackwitz

Werner Rackwitz (3 December 1929 – 14 March 2014) was a German opera director and politician. From 1963 to 1969, he was the Head of Music at the Ministry of Culture of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) and from 1969 to 1981 he was the Deputy Minister of Culture. He was born in Wrocław, Weimar Republic (now Poland).

Rackwitz after a short illness on 14 March 2014 in Berlin, Germany. He was 84 years old.


Antoni Opolski

Antoni Opolski (11 June 1913 – 17 March 2014) was a Polish physicist. His field was astronomy and astrophysics. After World War II, he worked at the astronomical observatory of the University of Wrocław. He retired in 1983. He was born in Rozwadów (now Lviv Oblast, Ukraine).

Opolski died from natural causes on 17 March 2014 in Wrocław, Poland. He was 100 years old. His funeral was held on 22 March.


St Davids

St Davids, or St David's, (, ,  "David's house"), is the smallest city in the United Kingdom, with about 1,841 people living there, as of the 2011 census. It is also a community called St Davids and the Cathedral Close. It is in Pembrokeshire, Wales on the River Alun. It is where Saint David is buried, who is the patron saint of Wales. St Davids first became a city in the 12th century, but it was demoted in 1886. In the UK, the monarch gives or takes away whether a place is a city or not. In 1994, Queen Elizabeth II made St Davids a city again.

In the 6th century, Saint David started a monastery and church on the banks of the River Alun at a place called Glyn Rhosyn (Rose Vale). The area was first called "Mynyw" in Welsh. The Romans called it "Meneva" or "Menevia". The people of the monastery grew food and did other crafts, like beekeeping. They also fed the poor.

The area that grew around the monastery became known in Welsh as "Tyddewi", which means "David's house". In 519, the archbishop of Caerleon was moved to the monastery. "Tyddewi" was renamed "St Davids" in name of the saint who founded the place. The first cathedral that was built was attacked many times by the Vikings, and burned down in 1087. The cathedral that is there now was built by the Normans. Many pilgrims travelled to St Davids because Saint David was from there.

Canadian National Railway

The Canadian National Railway Company () is a Class I railway. Its headquarters are in Montreal, Quebec. It serves Canada and both the Midwestern and Southern United States. In 2011, Bill Gates was the largest single shareholder of CN stock. CN owns around 20,400 route miles (32,831 km) of track in eight provinces. There is also a 70-mile (113 km) stretch of track into the Northwest Territories, to Hay River on the southern shore of Great Slave Lake.


Shekel

A shekel was an ancient currency. It was used in various places in North Africa and in the western Middle East. It is the name of the money often used in the Bible.

Now the shekel is the name of the currency in the state of Israel. It is called the new shekel.

Coronon River I

Coronon River I is a river that runs through Coronon, Davao del Sur.

Paul Vallas

Paul Gust Vallas (born June 10, 1953) is an American civil servant and politician. He is a Democrat.

He was the superintendent of many schools across the United States. Some of those schools are in Philadelphia, New Orleans, Bridgeport, and Cook County.

He ran for governor and lietenant governor. He ran for Mayor of Chicago twice, once in 2019 and again in 2023 election.

Vallas was CEO of the Chicago Public Schools (CPS) from 1995 to 2001. He was hired by Mayor Richard M. Daley.

During his time at CPS, Vallas tried to fix the school system. President Bill Clinton said his work for raising test scores, balancing the budget, creating several new programs, including mandatory summer school and after-school programs was a model for the country.

In June 2001, Vallas announced his resignation. His resignation came soon after several failing standardized testing scores. Vallas's was CEO for six years. Thaat was more than twice the average time for school superintendents in large U.S. cities in the 1990s.

In 2002, Vallas ran for Governor, but lost the primary. Vallas ran for Lieutenant Governor of Illinois in 2014 with incumbent Governor Pat Quinn, but lost the election to Bruce Rauner and Evelyn Sanguinetti.

Vallas helped rebuild Haiti's school system after the 2010 earthquake in Haiti.

In March 2018, Vallas ran in the 2019 Chicago mayoral election against Rahm Emanuel. He lost the election in the first-round of voting.

In June 2022, Vallas announced his candidacy for mayor again in the 2023 election. In February 2023, Vallas came in first place in the first round of voting and advanced to the April run-off election, facing Brandon Johnson. Johnson would go on to win the run-off election.

Vallas ran for Governor of Illinois in 2002, but he lost the Democratic nomination. In 2014, he was the Lieutenant Governor of Illinois Democratic nominee. However, lost the general election.

Vallas was born in Chicago and grew up in the Roseland neighborhood on Chicago's South Side. He spent his teen years living in Palos Heights. He went to Moraine Valley Community College and then graduated from Western Illinois University, where he received a bachelor's degree in history and political science, a master's degree in political science, and a teaching certificate.

Vallas is married to Sharon Vallas and they have three sons. One son died of an opioid overdose.


Richard Wilbur

Richard Purdy Wilbur (March 1, 1921 – October 14, 2017) was an American poet and literary translator. He became the second Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 1987. He received the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry two times; in 1957 and again in 1989.

Wilbur was born in New York City, New York. He studied at Amherst College and at Harvard University. He was married to Mary Charlotte Hayes Ward until her death in 2007. They had four children. Wilbur died on October 14, 2017, at a nursing home in Belmont, Massachusetts. He was 96.



Ordnance Survey

The Ordnance Survey (OS) is an organisation that creates maps of Great Britain. The OS head office is in Southampton in England. They are an agency of the Government of the United Kingdom.

Driver &amp; Vehicle Licensing Agency

The Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) is the organisation that holds the registers of drivers and vehicles for Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales). The DVLA head office is in Swansea in Wales. They are an agency of the United Kingdom government.


Driver and Vehicle Agency

The Driver & Vehicle Agency (DVA), also known as Driver and Vehicle Licensing Northern Ireland (DVLNI) is the organisation that holds the registers of drivers and vehicles for Northern Ireland. The DVA head office is in Coleraine in Northern Ireland. They are an agency of the Northern Ireland government.


Benign neonatal seizures

Benign neonatal seizures are somewhat rare syndromes (medical problems) which cause seizures in newborn infants. A seizure is caused by problems in the electrical activity in the brain.

One syndrome is "Benign idiopathic neonatal seizures" (BINS) and the other is "Benign familial neonatal seizures" (BFNS). Both syndromes usually happen in infants in the neonatal period, which is the first 28 days after birth. In most cases, the first seizure happens within the first few days after birth. However, some infants may have their first seizure later in the neonatal period, or even months after the neonatal period. The last seizure usually happens while the infant is still in the neonatal period, but seizures may continue after this time.

A third syndrome called "benign familial neonatal-infantile syndrome" (BFNIS). It may cause the first seizure between the second day upwards to 6 months after birth, and usually stops within the first 12 months.

These syndromes are called ""benign"" because they usually cause no long-term harm to the infant, but there is a greater chance of getting seizures later in life.

In Benign idiopathic neonatal seizures the cause is not known (this is what the word ""idiopathic"" means). In Benign familial neonatal seizures and Benign familial neonatal-infantile seizures, there is a "genetic mutation," which means a change in the genes that an infant gets from their parents. These disorders are inherited (they "run in the family"). This is what the word ""familial"" means.

Buddy MacKay

Kenneth Hood "Buddy" MacKay, Jr. (born March 22, 1933) is an American politician and diplomat. He served as Governor of Florida, following the death of then-Governor Lawton Chiles. He served as Governor for less than a month. He is the last Democrat to serve as Governor of Florida.

MacKay was born in Ocala, Florida. His family were citrus farmers. He studied at the University of Florida. MacKay served the United States Air Force. He married Anne Selph in 1960.

MacKay was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 1968, and to the Florida Senate in 1975. From 1983 to 1989 he served for three terms in the United States House of Representatives.

Controlling the national budget one of his main concerns. In 1988 he received the Democratic nomination for the United States Senate, but lost in a very close race for that office to Connie Mack III.

MacKay won the 1990 Democratic primary for Lieutenant Governor on the ticket headed by former Senator Lawton Chiles. They won the election and were re-elected in 1994. MacKay succeeded Chiles as governor after his sudden death in 1998.

In 1998 MacKay sought to succeed Chiles as Governor, easily winning the Democratic nomination with his full support (Chiles and MacKay were known for their friendly relationship). He was defeated by Republican nominee Jeb Bush.

A few months later, he became governor after Chiles' death. MacKay served as governor for 23 days. During his term as governor, MacKay granted six pardons to female prisoners and tried to fix the Everglades. He appointed Peggy Quince for Florida Supreme Court.

In 1999, he was succeeded by Bush.

MacKay lives in Tallahassee with his wife. MacKay has four children.


Lawton Chiles

Lawton Mainor Chiles, Jr. (April 3, 1930 – December 12, 1998) was an American politician. He was the 41st Governor of Florida from January 8, 1991 until his death in December 12, 1998.

Before he was governor, Chiles was also a United States Senator from Florida serving from January 3, 1979 to January 1989.

Chiles once walked 1,003 miles from Key West to Pensacola, so that he could win the election for the United States senate. This earned him the nickname "Walkin' Lawton".

Chiles died on December 12, 1998 in Tallahassee, Florida from a heart attack, aged 68. He was survived by his three children and his wife Rhea.


Bob Martinez

Robert "Bob" Martinez (born December 25, 1934) is an American politician. He was the 40th Governor of Florida serving from 1987 to 1991. He was the first person of Spanish ancestry to be elected to the state's top office. Before that, he was the mayor of Tampa from 1979 to 1986.

Martinez also served as the second Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy from 1991 to 1993.

Gary Hart

Gary Hart (born Gary Warren Hartpence; November 28, 1936) is an American politician, lawyer, author, professor and commentator. He was the United States senator of Colorado serving from 1975 through 1987. He ran in the United States presidential elections in 1984 and again in 1988 for the Democratic Party.

Hart was born Garry Warren Hartpence in Ottawa, Kansas.

Orangeman's Day

Orangeman's Day is the day that the Battle of the Boyne is commemorated in Northern Ireland. The day is 12 July each year.

Burns Night

Burns Night is the day (and night) that the life of Robert Burns is celebrated, particularly in Scotland. Each year it is on Burns' birthday, 25 January. People around the world have Burns Suppers.

At Burns Suppers, Scottish people have many certain traditions as eating haggis and people say poems that have been written by Robert Burns. These consist of To a Mouse, Address to the Haggis and many others. There is always a part in the Burns Supper when boys jokingly make fun of the girls. This is called 'Toast to the Lassies' However, the girls have the last laugh as they do the same to the boys. This is called 'Reply From the Lassies' 

Marissa Nadler

Marissa Rachael Nadler (born April 5, 1981) is an American folk singer. She released her first album in 2004.

Nadler was raised in Massachusetts.

Nadler's first album "Ballads of Living and Dying" was released on Eclipse Records in 2004. It was given a score of 8 out of 10 by "Pitchfork". In 2005 her second album "The Saga of Mayflower May" was released. In 2007 Peacefrog Records released Nadler's third album "Songs III: Bird on the Water". In 2009, Kemado Records released "Little Hells". In 2011 Box of Cedar Records released Nadler's fifth album "Marissa Nadler". In 2012 Nadler's sixth album "The Sister" was released. In 2014 Sacred Bones Records released "July".


The Amazing World of Gumball

The Amazing World of Gumball is an animated sitcom created by Ben Bocquelet for Cartoon Network. It is the first series to be produced by Cartoon Network Development Studio Europe. It is co-produced with Studio SOI and Great Marlborough Productions.

The series is about the life of Gumball Watterson, a 12-year-old light blue cat. Along with his adoptive goldfish brother and best friend Darwin, he almost always finds himself in trouble around Elmore. His sister Anais is a pink rabbit. His mother, Nicole, is a cat. His father is Richard, a rabbit.



Wes Anderson

Wesley Wales "Wes" Anderson (born May 1, 1969) is an American movie director and screenwriter.

In 2015, Anderson designed the Prada Cafè Bar Luce of Milano for the Italian luxury company Prada, as it was a 50s years film to recall the iconic design of Milan's design palaces of that era.

He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for "The Royal Tenenbaums" in 2001 and "Moonrise Kingdom" in 2012, and for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature for "Fantastic Mr. Fox" in 2009.

Wes Anderson's filmmaking style is marked by symmetrical composition, distinct color palettes, quirky characters, detailed set design, unique narrative structure, exploration of themes, nostalgia, dry humor, distinct typography, and original scores.


Bolu

Bolu is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in the Black Sea Region. In 2013, 174,687 people lived there.

Siirt

Siirt is a city in southeastern Turkey. The city is in the Southeastern Anatolia Region. In 2013, 147,323 people lived there.

Şanlıurfa

Şanlıurfa is a city in southeastern Turkey. The city is in the Southeastern Anatolia Region. In 2013, 1,801,980 people lived there.

Konya

Konya is a city in Turkey. The city is in Central Anatolia. There was 2,079,225 people living there in 2013.


Iğdır

Iğdır is a city in eastern Turkey. The city is in the Eastern Anatolia Region. In 2009, 76,950 people lived there.

Kırşehir

Kırşehir is a city in Turkey. The city is in the Central Anatolia Region. In 2013, 131,997 people lived there.

Kahramanmaraş

Kahramanmaraş is a city in southern Turkey. The city is in the Mediterranean Region. In 2013, 1,075,706 people lived there. The city was badly damaged and many people died in the 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquake.

Zonguldak

Zonguldak is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in the Karadeniz Region. In 2013, 125,914 people lived there.

Samsun

Samsun is a city in northern Turkey next to the Black Sea. About 700,000 people live in Samsun.

Karabük

Karabük is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in the Karadeniz Region. In 2013, 124,711 people lived there.

Mickey Duff

Mickey Duff (born Monek Prager; 7 June 1929 – 22 March 2014) was a Polish-born English boxer, manager and promoter. He promoted and managed many British boxers, including Frank Bruno, Joe Calzaghe, John Conteh, Terry Downes, Lloyd Honeyghan, Maurice Hope, Charlie Magri, Alan Minter, John H. Stracey, Jim Watt and Howard Winstone. After retiring in 1999, he was added into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.

He was born in Kraków to a Jewish family. His rabbi father fled with his family to the United Kingdom, escaping the Nazis, in the late 1930s. Later in life, Duff had Alzheimer's disease.

Duff died from natural causes on 22 March 2014 in Aldgate, London. He was 84.


Ray Gosling

Raymond Arthur "Ray" Gosling (5 May 1939 – 19 November 2013) was an English broadcaster, journalist, writer, and LGBT rights activist. He was best known for writing and presenting several hundred television and radio documentaries and regional programmes for BBC Radio 4 and Granada Television

Gosling was born on 5 May 1939 in Northampton, Northamptonshire. He went to Northampton Grammar School and the University of Leicester. In February 2010, he claimed during a local BBC television programme to have killed a lover in an act of euthanasia. He was arrested, but the claims were not real and he was given a suspended sentence for wasting police time.

Gosling died on 19 November 2013 at the Queen's Medical Centre in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire. He was 74 years old.

Wayne Maki

Wayne Maki (November 20, 1944 – May 12, 1974) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger. Maki played 246 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Black Hawks, St. Louis Blues, and Vancouver Canucks.

Before playing in the NHL, Maki played 56 games with the St. Catharines Black Hawks of the OHA and 2 seasons with the St. Louis Braves of the CPHL. He started his NHL career in 1967 with the Chicago Black Hawks where he played with his brother Chico Maki. He played 50 games with the Black Hawks and 62 games with their minor-league affiliate Dallas Black Hawks. Maki was picked up by the St. Louis Blues in 1969.

On September 21, 1969, during a preseason game between the Blues and the Boston Bruins, Maki got into a bloody, violent stick-swinging fight with Bruins defenceman "Terrible" Ted Green. As a result of the fight, Green suffered a fractured skull and a brain injury. Maki was suspended for 30 days and fined. He was later sent down to the AHL to play 39 games with the Buffalo Bisons.

During the 1970 NHL Expansion Draft, Maki was claimed by the Vancouver Canucks 24th overall. He became a star with team and was one of the Canucks leading scorers in his 2 full seasons with them. Maki's career was cut short when he found out that he was diagnosed with brain cancer in December 1972. He died from the cancer on May 12, 1974, he was only 29. His jersey number #11 was retired by the Canucks until Mark Messier who wore the number during his time with the Edmonton Oilers and New York Rangers played for them. 


Bobby Burns (ice hockey)

Robert Andrew Burns (April 4, 1905 – August 12, 1995) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger. Burns played 17 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Black Hawks. Burns spent most of his career in the American Hockey Association (AHA). In the AHA, Burns played with the Chicago Cardinals/Americans, Duluth Hornets, Minneapolis Millers, Chicago Shamrocks, St. Louis Flyers, Kansas City Pla-Mors, and the Oklahoma City/Minneapolis Warriors.

He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1930. Burns died on August 12, 1995.

Marty Burke

Martin Alphonsos Burke (January 28, 1905 – March 7, 1968) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. Burke played 504 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Montreal Canadiens, Chicago Black Hawks, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Ottawa Senators. Burke was able to win the Stanley Cup twice with the Montreal Canadiens in 1930 and in 1931.

Burke retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1938. After he retired, Burke became the coach of the Calgary Stampeders of the ASHL/ABCSL/WCSHL. He was the head coach for 4 seasons and the associate coach for 1 season. Burke died on March 7, 1968.


Barack Obama Presidential Center

The Barack Obama Presidential Library and Museum is a planned presidential library for Barack Obama, the 44th president of the United States. The foundation is officially founded in January 2014. On April 30, 2015, it was confirmed that the Obama Presidential Library will be located in Jackson Park in Woodlawn, Chicago, Illinois. Construction began in August 2021. It will also be part of the Chicago Public Library system.

Farley Mowat

Farley McGill Mowat (May 12, 1921 – May 6, 2014) was a Canadian author and environmentalist. He wrote many famous Canadian novels such as "People of the Deer" (1952) and "Never Cry Wolf" (1963). 

Mowat was born in Belleville, Ontario. He studied at the University of Toronto. Farley Mowat died on May 6, 2014 in Port Hope, Ontario, less than one week before his 93rd birthday.

Shea Weber

Sheldon Weber (born August 14, 1985) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). He serves as their captain.

Before playing in the NHL, Weber played 3 seasons with the Kelowna Rockets of the Western Hockey League (WHL). During his time there, he was able to win the Memorial Cup with the Rockets and won the WHL airBC Trophy as the Most Valuable Player in the Playoffs.

He was drafted with the 49th overall pick by the Nashville Predators in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. On July 8, 2010, he was named the fifth captain in Nashville Predators history, replacing Jason Arnott, who was traded to the New Jersey Devils. He became the youngest captain in Predators history and was the only captain of the Predators to have been drafted by the team.

During the 2012 offseason, the Predators were unable to take Weber to arbitration again (a player can only be subjected to team-elected arbitration once in his career). Weber signed a front-loaded $110 million, 14-year offer sheet, $68 million of it as a signing bonus, with the Philadelphia Flyers on July 19. It was the richest contract in NHL history in terms of total money, money per season, and length, which surpassed the previous offer sheet record set by Thomas Vanek. The Predators, who had already lost Weber's defensive partner Ryan Suter to unrestricted free agency, were able to match the offer sheet five days later.

On June 29th 2016, Shea Weber was traded to the Montreal Canadiens for P.K. Subban.

Daniel Díaz Torres

Daniel Díaz Torres (31 December 1948 – 16 September 2013) was a Cuban movie director and screenwriter. He directed sixteen movies between 1975 and 2013. His best known movie was "Alice in Wondertown" (1991), which gained him international notability.

Díaz Torres died after a long illness on 16 September 2013 in his hometown of Havana. He was 65 years old.

Raphaël Varane

Raphaël Varane (born 25 April 1993) is a French football player. He plays for Premier League club Manchester United and the France national football team as a centre back.

Real Madrid

Manchester United

France

Individual

Orders

Niğde

Niğde is a city in southern Turkey. The city is in the Central Anatolia Region. In 2013, 201,597 people lived there.

Rize

Rize is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in the Karadeniz Region. In 2013, 139,150 people lived there.

Osmaniye

Osmaniye is a city in southern Turkey. The city is in the Mediterranean Region. In 2013, 244,195 people lived there. The city was badly damaged and many people died in the 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquake.

Bernie McGann

Bernard Francis "Bernie" McGann (22 June 1937 – 17 September 2013) was an Australian jazz alto saxophone player. He began his career in the late 1950s. He stayed active as a performer, composer and recording artist until his death. He was born in Granville, New South Wales.
McGann died from complications following heart surgery on the night of 17 September 2014 in Sydney. He was 76 years old.


Kåre Valebrokk

Kåre Valebrokk (17 December 1940 – 9 February 2013) was a Norwegian journalist, editor and television executive. He was editor-in-chief and administrative director of TV 2 from October 1999 until June 2007, when he retired. He was the father of economist and editor Per Valebrokk (born 1972). He was born in Kristiansand, Vest-Agder.

Valebrokk died from in his sleep from natural causes on 9 February 2013 in Oslo. He was 72 years old.

Adıyaman

Adıyaman is a city in southern Turkey. The city is the centre of Adıyaman Province in the Southeastern Anatolia Region. In 2013, 279,037 people lived there. The city was badly damaged and many people died in the 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquake.

Afyonkarahisar

Afyonkarahisar is a city in western Turkey. The city is the centre of Afyonkarahisar Province in the Aegean Region. In 2013, 268,461 people lived there.

Ağrı

Ağrı is a city in northern Turkey. The city is the centre of Ağrı Province in the Eastern Anatolia Region. In 2013, 145,357 people lived there.

Aksaray

Aksaray is a city in northern Turkey. The city is the centre of Aksaray Province in the Central Anatolia Region. In 2013, 273,999 people lived there.

Amasya

Amasya is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in the Amasya Province and is in the mountains near the Black Sea coast. In 2013, 134,434 people lived there.


Ardahan

Ardahan is a city in northeastern Turkey. The city is in Ardahan Province in the Eastern Anatolia Region. In 2013, 40,874 people lived there.

Artvin

Artvin is a city in northeastern Turkey. The city is in Artvin Province in the ‎. In 2013, 33,415 people lived there.

Çankırı

Çankırı is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in the Central Anatolia. In 2010, 85,073 people lived there.

Bingöl

Bingöl is a city in eastern Turkey. The city is in the Eastern Anatolia Region. In 2007, 86,511 people lived there.

Yashwant Vithoba Chittal

Yashwant Vithoba Chittal (3 August 1928 – 23 March 2014) was a leading Indian fiction writer. His work was mostly in Kannada language. He won four Sahitya Akademi Awards, one Dr. Masti Award, and one Adikavi Pampa Award. He was born in Bankikodla-Hanehalli, Uttara Kannada.

Chittal died after a brief illness on 23 March 2014 at a private hospital in Mumbai. He was 85 years old. He was outlived by his wife and two sons.


Patrice Wymore

Patrice "Pat" Wymore (December 17, 1926 – March 22, 2014) was an American actress and singer. She was best known as a movie, television, and stage actress during the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Miltonvale, Kansas. She was married to Australian actor, Errol Flynn, from 1950 until his death in 1959.

Wymore died from lung disease on March 22, 2014 in Portland, Jamaica. She was 87 years old.

Palace of the Parliament

The Palace of the Parliament - also known as the Republic's House ("Casa Republicii") or People's House ("Casa Poporului") is a large building in Bucharest, Romania. It was built by the then-dictator Nicolae Ceauşescu in the 1980s. Today the Romanian Parliament meets in the building. Many Parliament members have offices inside. The building faces an avenue built to look like the Champs-Élysées in Paris.

Mark Kozelek

Mark Kozelek (born January 24, 1967) is an American singer. 

In 1989 he started the rock band Red House Painters. In 1992 the band were signed to 4AD. In 2000 Kozelek released his first solo EP "Rock 'n' Roll Singer". "Pitchfork" gave it a score of 6.1 out of 10. In 2001 Red House Painters broke up. In 2002 Kozelek started Sun Kil Moon.

Pay driver

A pay driver is a professional race car driver who is hired because of the driver's wealth rather than his or her talent. Pay drivers are often the heirs to large corporations and buy their way onto top teams. Hiro Matushita, the son of the founder of the Panasonic Corporation, was a famous example of this in the 1990s. Today, Paul Menard is a pay driver in NASCAR.

Eleftherios Venizelos

Eleftherios Venizelos (full name "Elefthérios Kyriákou Venizélos", ; 23 August 1864 – 18 March 1936) was a Greek politician. He was the Prime Minister of Greece from 1910 to 1920 and again from 1928 to 1932.

Forbes Carlile

Forbes Carlile MBE (3 June 1921 – 2 August 2016) was an Australian athlete. He was Australia's first post-World War II Olympics swimming coach. He was later Australia's first competitor in the modern pentathlon at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. 

He remains the only person to have coached and later competed at the Olympic Games.

James Rebhorn

James Robert Rebhorn (September 1, 1948 – March 21, 2014) was an American character actor. He acted in more than one hundred television shows, movies, and plays. He was in the movies "Scent of a Woman" (1992) and "Independence Day" (1996) and played Frank Mathison in the television show "Homeland". He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He moved to Anderson, Indiana during his childhood.

Rebhorn died of melanoma on March 21, 2014 in South Orange, New Jersey. He was 65 years old.


Jaroslav Šerých

Jaroslav Šerých (; 27 February 1928 – 23 March 2014) was a Czech artist. He mainly worked as a painter, printmaker, and illustrator. He was born in Německý Brod, Czechoslovakia (now Havlíčkův Brod, Czech Republic).

Šerých died on 23 March 2014 in Prague. He was 86 years old.


İzmit

Kocaeli is a city in northwestern Turkey. The city is in the Marmara Region. In 2013, 1,676,202 people lived there. The city was badly damaged and many people died in the 1999 İzmit earthquake.

Balıkesir

Balıkesir is a city in western Turkey. The city is in the Marmara Region. In 2013, 167,549 people lived there.

Aydın

Aydın is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in Aydın Province in the Aegean Region. In 2013, 265,234 people lived there. The city is located at the heart of the lower valley of Büyük Menderes River (ancient Meander River) at a commanding position for the region extending from the uplands of the valley down to the seacoast. Its population was 207,554 in 2014.

Bartın

Bartın is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in Bartın Province in the Black Sea Region‎ . In 2013, 144,273 people lived there.

Hill of Crosses

The Hill of Crosses () is a Lithuanian site of pilgrimage. It is about north of Šiauliai, in northern Lithuania.

No one knows when or why people started leaving crosses on the hill. It is believed that the first crosses were put up after the 1831 Uprising. It was estimated that there were 55,000 crosses in 1990 and 100,000 in 2006.

On September 7, 1993, Pope John Paul II visited the site and declared it a place for hope, peace, love and sacrifice.


Canadians

Canadians () are people identified with the country of Canada. the connection may be residential, legal, historical, or cultural. For most Canadians, several (or all) of these connections exist and are collectively the source of their being "Canadian". Most people who are considered "Canadian" are usually those who have Canadian Citizenship. 

Canada is a bilingual and multicultural society home to people of many different ethnic, religious and national origins, with the majority of the population made up of Old World immigrants and their descendants.

Following the starting period of French and then the much larger British colonization, different waves (or peaks) of immigration and settlement of non-indigenous peoples took place over the course of nearly two centuries and continue today. Elements of Indigenous, French, British, and more recent immigrant customs, languages and religions have combined to form the culture of Canada and thus a Canadian identity.

Canada has also been strongly influenced by its linguistic, geographic and economic neighbour, the United States.


Dave Brockie

David Murray "Dave" Brockie (August 30, 1963 – March 23, 2014), better known by his stage name Oderus Urungus, was a Canadian and American musician. He was best known as the lead vocalist, bassist and guitarist for the American multi-genre band Gwar. He performed under such genres as thrash metal, punk rock, shock rock, heavy metal and comedy rock. He was born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.

Brockie was found dead by a bandmate on March 23, 2014 in Richmond, Virginia, aged 50. The cause was an accidental heroin overdose. He was given a traditional Viking funeral in a public memorial before the 5th annual GWAR-B-Q event.


Hyman Minsky

Hyman Philip Minsky (September 23, 1919 – October 24, 1996) was an American economist, a professor of economics at Washington University in St. Louis. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Minsky gave an explanation of financial crises, caused by swings in a potentially fragile financial system. Minsky is sometimes described as a post-Keynesian economist because, like Keynes, he supported some government intervention in financial markets. He opposed some of the financial deregulation policies popular in the 1980s. He supported the Federal Reserve as a "lender of last resort" (which means he thought it right for the Fed to bail out banks which might go bust). He argued against too much private debt in the financial markets.

Minsky proposed theories were about the normal life cycle of an economy. He linked financial market fragility with speculative investment bubbles in financial markets. Minsky claimed that in prosperous times, when companies make plenty of money, an irrational euphoria develops. Soon debts exceed what borrowers can pay off from their income, which produces a financial crisis. As a result, banks and lenders tighten credit, even to companies that can afford loans. Then the economy contracts.

This slow movement of the financial system from stability to fragility, followed by crisis, is something for which Minsky is best known, and the phrase "Minsky moment" refers to it.

At the University of California, Berkeley seminars attended by Bank of America executives helped him to develop his theories. His views were published in two books, "John Maynard Keynes" (1975), a classic study of the economist and his contributions, and "Stabilizing an Unstable Economy" (1986), and more than a hundred professional articles.

Hiroo Onoda

Onoda died from heart failure due to complications from pneumonia on January 16, 2014 at St. Luke's International Hospital in Tokyo, Japan. He was 91 years old.

Ronald Dworkin

Ronald Myles Dworkin, (December 11, 1931 – February 14, 2013) was an American philosopher and scholar of constitutional law. He was Frank Henry Sommer Professor of Law and Philosophy at New York University and Emeritus Professor of Jurisprudence at University College London. He also taught at Yale Law School and the University of Oxford. He was born in Providence, Rhode Island.

Dworkin died from leukemia on February 14, 2013 in London, England. He was 81 years old. He was outlived by his second wife, two children and two grandchildren.


Tupolev Tu-22M

The Tupolev Tu-22M is a twin-turbojet Soviet bomber.


Exocrine gland

An exocrine gland puts out (excretes) its product by a duct. The duct goes to some environment outside the gland, either inside the body or onto the surface of the body. 

An endocrine gland is its counterpart. It secretes its essential product directly into the bloodstream or else by diffusion into its surrounding tissue. Its product often acts on cells near the release site.

Examples of exocrine organs and glands:

Andrew Vicari

Andrew Vicari (20 April 1938 – 3 October 2016) was a Welsh painter working in France. He painted portraits of the rich and famous. Despite being largely unknown in his own country, in 2004 Vicari was Britain's richest living painter. At one time he was the Britain 18th richest person in Britain.

Vicari was always a figurative artist working in oil. His work was appreciated especially in the Middle East where three museums are solely dedicated to his work.

In 1974 Vicari was appointed as the official painter to the King and Government of Saudi Arabia. In the years which followed he painted many portraits of the Saudi royal family, and scenes of Riyadh and Bedouin life. It is mainly due to this patronage that Vicari owes his financial success. In 2001 he sold a collection of 125 paintings of the First Gulf War to Prince Khaled for £17 million.

His fortune was valued at £92 million in 2006 by the Sunday Times Rich List.

Vicari lived and worked at his studio outside Nice, France, but he also owned apartments in Riyadh and Monte Carlo.

In October 2014 it was reported Vicari had filed for bankruptcy and had been in poor health.

Vicari died at Morriston Hospital, Swansea on 3 October 2016.


Alexander Ludwig

Alexander Ludwig (born May 7, 1992 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian actor, voice actor, singer and model.

He is known for his roles as Will Stanton in the 2007 fantasy movie, "The Seeker: The Dark Is Rising", Seth in Disney's "Race to Witch Mountain", and Cato, the male tribute from District Two, in "The Hunger Games".

He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. His mother, Sharlene (née Martin), is a former actress, and his father, Harald Horst Ludwig, is a businessman and the Co-Chairman of the Board for Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. He won an MTV Movie Award in 2012 for "Best Fight" with Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson. He also won a Teen Choice Awards for "Best Villain".



Music industry

The music industry is made up of people and companies who make money by creating and selling music. Some of the people and companies included are:


Arthur Hiller

Arthur Hiller, OC (22 November 1923 – 17 August 2016) was a Canadian television and movie director. He is known for directing the 1970 romantic drama movie "Love Story". It was nominated for seven Academy Awards.

Hiller was born in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.

Abolhassan Banisadr

Seyyad Abolhassan Banisadr ( ; ; 22 March 1933 – 9 October 2021) was an Iranian politician, economist and human rights activist. He was the first President of Iran from 4 February 1980 after the 1979 Iranian Revolution and the abolition of the monarchy until his impeachment on 21 June 1981.

Banisadr died at the age of 88 at a Paris hospital on 9 October 2021.


Mohammad-Ali Rajai

Mohammad-Ali Rajai () (15 June 1933 – 30 August 1981) was the President of Iran from 2 to 30 August 1981 after serving as prime minister under Abolhassan Banisadr.

He was also minister of foreign affairs from 11 March 1981 to 15 August 1981, while he was prime minister. He was assassinated in a bombing on 30 August 1981 along with prime minister Mohammad-Javad Bahonar.

Doll Parts

"Doll Parts" is an alternative rock song by the band Hole. Courtney Love wrote the song in 1991. It became a song on their second studio album, "Live Through This", and was released in November 1994. "Doll Parts" hit #4 on "Billboard"s Modern Rock Track chart.

Bedtime Stories (Madonna album)

Bedtime Stories the sixth studio album by American singer Madonna. It was released on October 25, 1994. The album's music is very different to Madonna's previous albums as it is mainly new jack swing and R&B sounding compared to Madonna's usual pop and dance material. The songs on this album are mostly melancholy mixed with romantic themes.

The singles of the album were "Secret", "Take a Bow" and "Human Nature". The first song was released September 28, 1994. The last song was released June 6, 1995.

Don Payne (writer)

William Donald "Don" Payne (May 5, 1964 – March 26, 2013) was an American writer and producer. He wrote several episodes of "The Simpsons" after 2000, many of these with John Frink. He met Frink at the University of California, Los Angeles. He also wrote the movies "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" (2006), "" (2007), "Thor" (2011) and "" (2013). He was born in Wilmington, North Carolina.

Payne died from bone cancer on March 26, 2013 at his home in Los Angeles, California. He was 48 years old. He was outlived by his wife and children.

Bucket-wheel excavator

Bucket-wheel excavators (BWEs) are huge machines used for surface mining. 

They are continuous digging machines in large-scale open cast mining operations. What sets BWEs apart from other large-scale mining equipment is their large wheel with a continuous pattern of buckets to scoop material as the wheel turns. 

They are among the largest vehicles ever constructed. The biggest bucket-wheel excavator ever built, Bagger 293, is the largest terrestrial (land) vehicle in human history.

BWEs built since the 1990s, such as the Bagger 293, have reached sizes as large as 96 metres (314.9 feet) tall, 225 metres (738.2 feet) long, and as heavy as 14,200 metric tons (31.3 million lb). The bucket-wheel itself can be over 70 feet in diameter with as many as 20 buckets, each of which can hold over 15 cubic metres of material. BWEs are now capable of operating in extreme climates. Many BWEs have been designed to operate in climates with temperatures as low as -45°C (-49°F). 

Harry Lewis (actor)

Harry L. Lewis (April 1, 1920 – June 9, 2013) was an American actor and restaurateur. He was best known for his role in "Key Largo". He was also the co-founder of the "Hamburger Hamlet" restaurant chain. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Lewis died from natural causes on June 9, 2013 in Beverly Hills, California. He was 93 years old. He was outlived by his wife, Marilyn Friedman.

Unter uns

Unter uns is a German soap opera. It has been on television since 1994. It is on from Monday to Friday.

The series is about the people who live in the fictitious Schillerallee 10 in Cologne.

Naruhito

Naruhito is the eldest son of former emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko of Japan. He was originally known as "His Imperial Highness" The Prince Hiro but was later given the title of Crown Prince in 1991.

His father Emperor Akihito announced in December 2017 that he would abdicate on 30 April 2019. Naruhito became emperor on 1 May 2019 and the enthronement was held on 22 October 2019.

Naruhito was born on 23 February 1960 at Imperial Household Agency Hospital, Imperial Palace in Tokyo, 

He was crowned prince of Japan in 1991, He was first study in Gakushūin, He was graduated at Gakushuin University in 1982, He was studying in The House or College of Scholars of Merton in the University of Oxford in 1983 to 1985 

Naruhito and Masako have engagement in spring of 1993 , their married in 9 June 1993 at Imperial Shinto Hall in Tokyo, 

Naruhito and Masako's only daughter Aiko, Princess Toshi was born in 1 December 2001 at Imperial Household Agency Hospital in Tokyo Imperial Palace.


Nanda (actress)

Nanda (8 January 1939 – 25 March 2014) was an Indian actress. She appeared in Hindi and Marathi movies. Her best known roles were in "Chhoti Bahen" (1959), "Teen Devian" (1965) and "Gumnaam" (1965). She retired in 1995. She was born in Kolhapur, British India.

Nanda died from a heart attack on 25 March 2014 at her home in Mumbai, India. She was 75 years old.

Motor system

The motor system is the part of the central nervous system that is involved with movement. It consists of the pyramidal and extrapyramidal system.

Both systems are very ancient and may be common to all vertebrates.

Grumman A-6 Intruder

The Grumman A-6 Intruder is an attack aircraft built in the USA. It's a twin-turbojet aircraft, built in all-metal. It was used for the Vietnam War and the Gulf War by US Navy. Before September 1962, it was called Grumman A2F Intruder.

Grumman EA-6B Prowler is a specialized variant.


Ford Trimotor

The Ford Trimotor is a family of civilian aircraft built in USA. It was used as airliner from 1926 to the beginning of the World War II. It has 3 motors. It was built in all-metal.


Somero

Somero is a city in Southwest Finland, Finland. Almost 10,000 people lived there in January 2014. 


Spandrel

A spandrel is the space between two arches. They are <nowiki>"</nowiki>roughly triangular". Spandrels are horizontal on the side of the ceiling, veritical on the wall/another spandrel, and diagonal on the arch, with a small curve. (This architectural obstacle is dealt with secant lines and tangent lines). Spandrels are, in medieval architecture and mostly in cathedrals, mostly covered, or walled. Spandrels can also be formed by supporting vertical bars, as in bridges. 

When structures have more than one floor, spandrels can also mean the space between the bottom of the window in an upper floor and the upper part of the window in the floor below. 

Spandrels have different meanings in architecture, art history, eras, and especially structure types. 

Arches commonly exist in bridge constructions, so spandrels may appear in structures such as these. In historical terms, most arch expansions had solid spandrels, meaning that the areas between arches were completely filled in with masonry. This part was sometimes decorated or carved. This style was popular and well-found until the use of steel and reinforced concrete began in the 19th and 20th centuries, the time of the Industrial Revolution. 

Structures of domes can also contain spandrels. When domes need to rest on a square or a rectangular base, the dome is raised above the level of the supporting pillars with three-dimensional spandrels called pendentives . The spandrels are three dimentional, because domes are more spherical than arches. These triangular pieces take the weight of the dome and place it onto the poles.

Rodney Wilkes

Rodney Adolphus Wilkes (11 March 1925 – 24 March 2014) was a weightlifter from Trinidad and Tobago. He was nicknamed "The Mighty Midget" for his great strength and height. He won a silver medal for weightlifting during the 1948 London. He then won the bronze medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. He competed in the 1956 Summer OLympics.

Paulo Schroeber

Paulo Schroeber (18 August 1973 – 24 March 2014) was a Brazilian metal guitarist. He was best known for his work with Almah. He was also a member of Astafix, Hammer 67, Burning in Hell and Fear Ritual by the time of his death. He was born in Caxias do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul.

Schroeber died from heart failure following complications to reset an artificial pacemaker on March 24, 2014 in his hometown of Caxias do Sul. He was 40 years old.

Ben Staartjes

Bernard "Ben" Staartjes (9 December 1928 - 18 March 2014) was a Dutch sailor. He represented his country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Kiel, Germany. In 1980, Staartjes was Chef de Equipe of the Dutch Olympic Sailing Team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Tallinn. He was born in Amsterdam.

Staartjes was born in Amsterdam. He died in Kapellen, Belgium, aged 85.

Mercy Edirisinghe

Donna Mercy Nalini Edirisinghe (18 December 1945 – 17 March 2014), better known as Mercy Edirisinghe, was a popular Sri Lankan stage actress and singer. Her most famous play was a musical by Lushan Bulathsinhala, called Tharavo Igilethi (Ducks fly). He career has lasted for nearly 60 years. She was born in Ambepussa, Sri Lanka.

Edirisinghe died in Gampaha, Sri Lanka.

7 Year Bitch

7 Year Bitch was an American punk rock band from Seattle, Washington.

In 1990 the band was started by Selene Vigil, Stefanie Sargent, Elizabeth Davis and Valerie Agnew as Barbie's Dream Car. After releasing their first single they were signed with C/Z Records. In 1992 the band's first album "Sick 'Em" was released by C/Z Records. In 1994 "¡Viva Zapata!" was released. In 1996 the band's last album "Gato Negro" was released by Atlantic Records.

Brazilians

Brazilians are a ethnic group and nation native to Brazil. Many Brazilians are mixed race of Portuguese, African and indigenous ancestry. Minorities in Brazil include Afro-Brazilians (50.7 percent: 43.1 pardo or mixed ethnicity, and 7.6 per cent preta or black) and Asian Brazilians 1.1 per cent (including Japanese, Chinese and Korean). The Indigenous people live in every state of Brazil and represent 305 different tribes and 274 indigenous languages.

Peter Oakley

Peter Oakley (20 August 1927 – 23 March 2014) was a British internet blogger. He was better known by his pseudonym geriatric1927 on the popular video sharing website YouTube.

Oakley was born in Norwich, Norfolk, England.

By mid-2006, Oakley was the most subscribed user on YouTube. His rise to the #1 position took place in just over a week. Oakley had 30,000 subscribers as of 25 November 2006 and over 53,000 subscribers as of 24 May 2010. 

He ranks as the 52nd most subscribed all time in the United Kingdom, and is the 19th most subscribed "Director" of all time in the United Kingdom. 

As of June 2012, Oakley has over 350 videos on YouTube under his channel geriatric1927. 

Oakley was later diagnosed with cancer which was too far advanced for treatment and he was not expected to live. He posted his final video on February 12, 2014. He died in Bakewell, Derbyshire, England, aged 86.


Ralph Wilson

Ralph C. Wilson, Jr. (October 17, 1918 - March 25, 2014) was the founder and the owner of NFL's Buffalo Bills. The Ralph Wilson Stadium is named after him.

Wilson was born in Columbus, Ohio. He was raised in Grosse Pointe, Michigan. Wilson studied at the University of Virginia and at the University of Michigan Law School.

He was one of the founding owners of the American Football League, the league that the NFL merged with in 1970, and was the last of the original AFL owners. At the time of his death he was the oldest owner in the National Football League, at age 95. He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on August 8, 2009.

Wilson died in Grosse Pointe, Michigan from natural causes, aged 95.

Ramzan Kadyrov

Ramzan Kadyrov (, ; born 5 October 1976) is a Chechen politician. He became the Head of the Chechen Republic in February 2007. He is a former Chechen rebel.


Lyndhurst, Hampshire

Lyndhurst, Hampshire is a village in New Forest, Hampshire, England. It is near Southampton. About 2,970 people live here.

Lil B

Brandon Christopher McCartney (born August 17, 1989), known by his stage name Lil B, is an American rapper. Lil B is also known as The BasedGod.



Hubert de Givenchy

Count Hubert James Marcel Taffin de Givenchy (21 February 1927 – 10 March 2018) was a French fashion designer. He founded The House of Givenchy in 1952.

He was famous for having designed much of the personal and professional wardrobe of Audrey Hepburn, as well as clothing for clients such as Jacqueline Kennedy. He was named to the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame in 1970.

De Givenchy died in his sleep at the Renaissance chateau near Paris on 10 March 2018, aged 91.

Al Rosen

Albert Leonard "Al" Rosen (February 29, 1924 – March 13, 2015), nicknamed "Flip" and "The Hebrew Hammer" (he was of Jewish descent), was an American professional baseball player. He was a third baseman and right-handed slugger in the Major Leagues for ten seasons in the 1940s and 1950s.

Rosen played for the Cleveland Indians throughout his entire baseball career. He began playing for them in 1947. He retired in 1956.

Rosen was born on February 29, 1924 in Spartanburg, South Carolina. He was raised in Miami, Florida. Rosen died on March 13, 2015 in Rancho Mirage, California, aged 90.

Shammi Kapoor

Shammi Kapoor (born Shamsher Raj Kapoor; 21 October 1930 – 14 August 2011) was an Indian movie actor and director. He was a famous lead actor in Hindi cinema from the late 1950s until the early 1970s. He was known as "India's Elvis Presley". 

He received the Filmfare Best Actor Award in 1968 for his role in "Brahmachari" and Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for "Vidhaata" in 1982.

Kapoor died from chronic kidney failure in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, aged 79.

Kulbhushan Kharbanda

Kulbhushan Kharbanda (born 21 October 1944) is an Indian actor. He worked in Hindi and Punjabi movie. He is better known for his role as Shakaal in "Shaan" (1980) inspired by the character of Blofeld from James Bond movies. 

He also starred in "Arth" (1982), "Ek Chadar Maili Si" (1986). He also appeared in all Deepa Mehta's Elements trilogy, "Fire" (1996), "Earth" (1998), and "Water" (2005).

Kharbanda was born in Hasan Abdal, Punjab, British India (now Pakistan).

Tanuja

Tanuja Mukherjee, popularly known as Tanuja, (born 23 Spetember 1943) is an Indian movie actress. She is the mother of Kajol and Tanisha. She is known for her roles in "Baharen Phir Bhi Aayengi" (1966), "Jewel Thief", "Haathi Mere Saathi" (1971), and "Anubhav" (1971).

Tanuja was born in Bombay, Bombay Presidency, British India.

Waheeda Rehman

Waheeda Rehman (born 14 May 1936) is an Indian movie and stage actress. She mostly appeared in Hindi movies. She was known for her roles in "Reshma Aur Shera", "Guide", "Neel Kamal", and in "Khamoshi".

Rehman was born in Chengalpattu, Tamil Nadu, British India.

Helen Richardson

Helen Jairag Richardson (born 21 November 1938) is an Indian-Burmese movie and stage actress and a dancer. She mostly appears in Hindi movies. Her career began in 1951 with the movie "Awara". 

Helen was born to a British father and to a Burmese mother in Burma. She was raised in Mumbai.

Meninges

The meninges are the membranes that surround and protect the brain and the spinal cord. In mammals, the meninges have three layers: the dura mater, the arachnoid mater, and the pia mater.

In the space between the arachnoid mater and the pia mater (called the "subarachnoid space"), there is cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). CSF is a special fluid which bathes the brain and spinal cord. The meninges and the CSF work together to cushion and protect the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord).

The pia mater (or "pia") is the layer of the meninges that is closest to the brain and spinal cord. It is a thin, delicate layer ("pia mater" means "tender mother" in Latin). The pia mater sticks very closely to both the brain and spinal cord. The pia mater is made of cells that fluid cannot get through. This prevents cerebrospinal fluid from reaching the brain.

The smallest type of blood vessels, called capillaries, go through the pia mater and bring the brain the things it needs, like blood and oxygen. The pia's capillaries also make up an important part of the blood-brain barrier. This is the brain's "security system." It controls what can leave the bloodstream and get into the brain's nerve cells, and what cannot.

The pia's capillaries are lined with cells that are packed very closely together. Only certain things can get through these cells and reach the brain. This helps block things like bacteria and some poisons from getting into the brain. It also lets in the things that the brain needs to survive, like glucose (sugar), water, and white blood cells (which fight infection).

The arachnoid mater is the middle layer of the meninges. It is a thin, clear membrane that fits loosely over the pia mater. This leaves a space in between these two layers called the "subarachnoid space." ("Subarachnoid space" means "the space under the arachnoid.") Cerebrospinal fluid flows through the subarachnoid space.

One of the arachnoid layer's most important jobs is to cushion the brain. Like the pia mater, the arachnoid mater is made of cells that fluid cannot get through. Because fluid cannot get through either of these layers, the cerebrospinal fluid stays in the subarachnoid space and does not leak out. Having this layer of fluid helps protect the brain, like a car's airbag. Without this cushion, every time a person moved their head, their brain would hit the inside of the skull and would get hurt.

The arachnoid mater also has an important job in the blood-brain barrier. Blood runs through the dura mater, the last layer of the meninges. The arachnoid mater keeps blood from getting through into the cerebrospinal fluid. This is important, because if blood gets through the arachnoid mater into the cerebrospinal fluid, the brain and spinal cord can get irritated and infected. Like all parts of the body, the arachnoid mater needs blood and oxygen to survive. Small blood vessels bring these things to the arachnoid layer. However, the arachnoid layer prevents the blood from getting through to the cerebrospinal fluid.

The arachnoid mater is attached to the last layer of the meninges: the dura mater.

The dura mater (or "dura") is the layer of the meninges that is farthest from the brain and the spinal cord. It is a thick, protective layer. ("Dura mater" means "tough mother" in Latin.) The dura protects the brain from being scraped and hurt by the skull, which is very rough.

The dura mater has the largest blood vessels of all three layers of the meninges. The veins in the dura carry blood from the brain to the heart after the brain has used up the oxygen in the blood. The arteries in the dura carry oxygen-rich blood from the heart. These arteries split into the capillaries in the pia mater.

The dura also folds into the brain in four different places to separate parts of the brain, including the two cerebral hemispheres.

Some medical professionals use a mnemonic acronym to remember the layers in the meninges and what order they go in. The mnemonic is: "The meninges PAD the brain":

Because the meninges do many important things for the central nervous system, problems with the meninges can be very dangerous. The most common problems with the meninges are caused by infections or bleeding in the meninges.

When blood vessels in the meninges break or are injured, those blood vessels will cause bleeding in the meninges. Bleeding in the meninges is a type of stroke called a hemorrhagic stroke. ("Hemorrhagic" means "caused by dangerous bleeding (hemorrhage)"). Bleeding in the meninges is very dangerous, because if enough blood builds up, the blood can squeeze or crush the brain.

The blood-brain barrier in the meninges' blood vessels protects the brain from most pathogens (things that cause infection). Because of this, infections in the brain are not very common. This is important, because antibodies - which the body's immune system makes to fight off infections - cannot get past the blood-brain barrier into the brain. Neither can most antibiotic medications. This means that when a person does get a brain infection, the body usually cannot fight off the infection on its own, and most of the medications that doctors use to kill infections cannot get into the brain to kill the pathogens inside.

However, some viruses, bacteria, and other germs are able to get through the blood-brain barrier and cause infections. Examples of these infections include:


Salim Khan

Salim Khan (born 24 November 1935) is an Indian actor and screenwriter. He starred mostly in Hindi movies. Khan is known for his role in "Teesri Manzil" (1966). He is married to veteran Indian actress Helen. He is the father of actor Salman Khan.

Khan was born in Indore, Central Provinces and Berar, India.

Salman Khan

Salman Khan (pronunciation : ; born Abdul Rashid Salim Salman Khan on December 27, 1965) is an Indian actor, producer, television presenter, and philanthropist. Khan works in Hindi language films and television shows. 

Khan was sentenced to a five-year imprisonment on May 6, 2015 from starting T-Series, running over 5 people, and killing 1, with his car. On May 8, 2015, Khan was not granted bail.

Salman Khan was born in Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. His parents are veteran his first wife Sushila Charak (later adopted the name Salma Khan) and Salim Khan.


Sadhana Shivdasani

Sadhana Shivdasani (2 September 1941 – 25 December 2015), better known as Sadhana, was an Indian actress. She was known for her roles in "Woh Kaun Thi?" (1964), "Mera Saaya" (1966) and "Anita" (1967). 

Shivdasani was born in Karachi, Sindh, British India (now Pakistan). She died in Mumbai from cancer at the age of 74.

Teresa Brewer

Theresa Veronica Breuer (later Teresa Brewer; May 7, 1931 – October 17, 2007) was an American singer. She sang pop, country music and R&B. She was very popular in the 1950s.

Brewer's novelty songs included the hit song "Music! Music! Music!".

Brewer was born in Toledo, Ohio. She died in New Rochelle, New York at age 76.

Union of the Democratic Centre (Spain)

The Union of the Democratic Centre (, UCD, also translated as "Democratic Centre Union") was an electoral coalition, and later political party, in Spain. It existed from 1977 to 1983. It was led by Adolfo Suárez, Prime Minister of Spain.

Teuvo Teräväinen

Teuvo Henri Matias Teräväinen (born September 11, 1994) is a Finnish ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He was selected in the first round of the 2011 KHL Junior Draft by the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl.

He made his SM-Liiga debut with Jokerit on October 18, 2011. He played 40 games and ended up winning the Jarmo Wasama memorial trophy as the best rookie in the league. He decided to enter the 2012 NHL Entry Draft and he was ranked as the second best skater out of Europe by the NHL Central Scouting Bureau. He ended up being drafted 18th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks.

During his second season with Jokerit, he played 44 games and scored 31 points. He signed a three-year contract with the Blackhawks in the following August. After he signed the contract, he participated in the Blackhawks' training camp but he returned to Jokerit for the 2013-14 season.

When Ilari Filppula moved to the KHL, Teräväinen was put in as the first line centerman for Jokerit. He, however, started the season pretty slowly, and only scored two points in the first nine games. He was able to eventually pick up his game, and after a successful tournament at the World Junior Championships, he went on to a 13 game point streak, where he scored five goals and 18 assists. He ended the season with 44 points in 49 games.

When Jokerit was eliminated from the 2014 playoffs, it was announced that he would go to Chicago to join Blackhawks for the rest of the 2013–14 season. He made his NHL debut on March 25, 2014 in a 4-2 win against the Dallas Stars.

Donald Crothers

Donald Morris "Don" Crothers (January 28, 1937 – March 16, 2014) was an American academic. He also a professor of chemistry at Yale University. He was best known for his work on nucleic acid structure and function. He was born in Fatehgarh, British India (now India).

Crothers died from cancer on March 16, 2014 at the Smilow Cancer Hospital in New Haven, Connecticut. He was 77 years old. He was outlived by his wife and two daughters.


Jim Flaherty

James Michael "Jim" Flaherty, PC, MP (December 30, 1949 – April 10, 2014) was a Canadian politician. He served as Canada's Federal Minister of Finance from February 6, 2006 until March 18, 2014. He also served as a former provincial Minister of Finance for Ontario from 2001 to 2002, a Member of Provincial Parliament for Whitby—Ajax from 1995 to 2005, and was a member of the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party caucus.

On May 21, 2013, he introduced his 2013 Budget. The Budget contained a new Building Canada Plan for the construction of public infrastructure such as roads, bridges, transit and port facilities. It was to provide $53 billion in investments to support local and economic infrastructure projects, which includes more than $47 billion in new funding over 10 years, beginning in 2014-2015.

On March 18, 2014, he resigned as Minister of Finance in order to return to the private sector. He stated that the decision was reached after many months of consulting with his family and that his health was not a factor in his decision.

When he was young, he played ice hockey. He was successful enough at the game to win a hockey scholarship to Princeton University. He is married to Christine Elliott who is a the Progressive Conservative Member of Provincial Parliament for Whitby—Oshawa. They live in Whitby, Ontario and have 3 triplet sons together: John, Galen and Quinn.

He died on April 10, 2014 in Ottawa, at the age of 64 from a heart attack. Ottawa police said that they "received a medical call to Mr. Flaherty’s condo building at 12:27 p.m."


Jakob Arjouni

Jakob Bothe (born Jakob Michelsen; 8 October 1964 – 17 January 2013), better known as Jakob Arjouni, was a German writer. He received the 1992 German Crime Fiction Prize for "One Man, One Murder". He was born in Frankfurt, Hesse, West Germany.

Arjouni died from pancreatic cancer on 17 January 2013 in Berlin, Germany. He was 48 years old. He was outlived by his wife and children.

Connie Broden

Thomas Connell "Connie" Broden (April 6, 1932 – November 23, 2013) was a Canadian ice hockey forward. He played his whole National Hockey League career with the Montreal Canadiens. He two Stanley Cups with Montreal in 1957 and 1958. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Broden died on November 23, 2013 at the St. Michael's Hospital in Toronto, Ontario. He was 81 years old. He was outlived by his wife and children.

Edward Gibbon

Edward Gibbon (8 May 173716 January 1794) was an English historian and Member of Parliament. His most important work, "The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire", was published in six volumes between 1776 and 1788. The "Decline and Fall" is known for the quality and irony of its prose, its use of primary sources, and its open criticism of Christianity. Gibbon was educated at Westminster School. He died of peritonitis in London.

His attack on Christianity caused several opponents to publish pamphlets against him. Gibbon defended his work with the 1779 publication of, "A Vindication ... of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire". In the mid-twentieth century one author said that "church historians allow the substantial justness of [Gibbon's] main positions".


Luka Magnotta

Luka Rocco Magnotta (born Eric Clinton Kirk Newman; July 24, 1982) is a convicted Canadian murderer. He was found guilty of murdering Jun Lin, After killing him, Magnotta cut the body into pieces and sent these body parts to different political parties and elementary school. Lin was a Chinese international student.

Magnotta has had schizophrenia since 2000. He was convicted of fraud in Toronto in 2005. He was sentenced to community service and probation.

An 11-minute video, showing the murder was uploaded to Bestgore.com. It was titled "1 Lunatic 1 Ice Pick" . After this, Magnotta ran away from Canada. He was the subject of an Interpol red notice. This led to an international manhunt. Magnotta was caught after he was found in an Internet café in Berlin. He was reading news about himself. He tried to give fake names to police before he admitted to who he was. He was handed over to Canadian authorities in Berlin on June 18, 2012. Magnotta returned to Canada on a Royal Canadian Air Force CC-150 Polaris. He was jailed in a single cell at the Rivière-des-Prairies detention centre.

At 11 am on May 29, 2012, a package which contained a left foot was delivered to the main offices of the Conservative Party of Canada. Another package which contained a left hand was addressed to the Liberal Party. It was intercepted in a Canada Post processing facility. A janitor found a decomposing torso in a suitcase in the alley behind an apartment building in the Snowdon area of Montreal. On June 5, 2012, a package which contained a right foot was delivered to St. George's School. Another package which contained a right hand was sent to False Creek Elementary School in Vancouver.

On June 6, 2012, Lin's family arrived at Trudeau Airport in Montreal. A candlelight vigil was then held in Montreal.

The body parts were later matched to Jun Lin by DNA samples from his family. After police got an anonymous tip, they found Lin's head. It was lying at the edge of a small lake in Montreal's Angrignon Park.

On July 11, Lin's body was burned at his funeral. His ashes were buried in the Notre-Dame-des-Neiges cemetery in Montreal.

Canadian media named Magnotta the "Canadian Newsmaker of the Year." This caused controversy.

After committal for trial, the judge set a trial date of September 8, 2014 on April 29, 2013. On September 29, 2014 in court in Quebec, Magnotta admitted that he killed Jun Lin. He pled "not guilty "to murder due to his schizophrenia. In addition to schizophrenia, Magnotta has been diagnosed with borderline personality disorder and histrionic personality disorder.

After a twelve-week trial, the jury were given their final instructions from the trial judge on December 15, 2014. On their eighth day of discussing the case, the jury returned a verdict of guilty on all charges. Magnotta was given a life sentence. He will be eligible for parole in 25 years. Magnotta was also sentenced to 19 years for other charges.

Magnotta was previously wanted by animal rights groups for allegedly posting videos of himself killing kittens. There was no accusation for these videos. 

Mohammad Ebrahim Bastani Parizi

Mohammad Ebrahim Bastani Parizi (12 December 1924 – 25 March 2014) was an Iranian historian and writer. He wrote over fifty non-fiction books. Most popular reads on topics such as the history of Iran. He was born in Kerman.

Parizi died on 25 March 2014 in Tehran. He was 89 years old. He was outlived by his wife and children.

Lac-Mégantic rail disaster

The Lac-Mégantic derailment happened on July 6, 2013 in the town of Lac-Mégantic, Quebec at approximately 01:15 EDT. It happened after an unattended 74-car freight train which was carrying Bakken formation crude oil ran away and derailed. The result was a fire and explosion of multiple tank cars. In the disaster, 42 people were confirmed dead and 5 missing people were presumed dead.

The Lac-Mégantic derailment is the fourth deadliest rail accident in Canadian history, as well as the deadliest rail disaster in Canada since the St-Hilaire train disaster in 1864.

On July 8, Canada's monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, issued a message which expressed her and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh's, "profound sadness [over the] tragic events that have befallen the town of Lac-Mégantic" and hope "that in time it will be possible to rebuild both the property and the lives of those who have been affected." Prime Minister Stephen Harper offered his prayers and condolences to those affected. The President of the United States, Barack Obama, expressed condolences for the "devastating loss of life" and offered American help, if needed.

Agent 47

Agent 47 is a fictional character and the protagonist of "Hitman (video game series)" franchise. The character was created by the Danish company IO Interactive. 

There are eight main titles featuring Agent 47. They are "Hitman: Codename 47 (2000)", "Hitman 2: Silent Assassin (2002)", " (2004)", "Hitman: Blood Money (2006)", "Hitman: Absolution (2012)," "Hitman (2016)", "Hitman 2 (2018)" and "Hitman 3 (2021)".

Agent 47 wears a pure black suit, black leather gloves, a white dress shirt and a red tie. The Hitman video game series allows the player to engage in stealth (sneaking) mode strategy to not direct attention to himself. Agent 47 has the ability to change what he looks like by exchanging different costumes which can be stolen from enemies or from places to make the progression easier. The outfits can come from many different NPCs.
Agent 47 has no hair with very white skin and blue eyes. His ICA file from states his height as 6 ft 2 in (1.88 m). In , his weight is given as . Agent 47 has a bar code tattooed on the back of his head which was very prominent in all games except for "Hitman: Absolution" where the bar code was most of the time covered in order for the character to disguise himself after it was known that Agent 47 has this bar code that could get him more notoriety.

His bar code is a security key to access areas of the facility where he was created and trained. Although, in "Hitman: Blood Money" game failed to mention the bar code as a notable characteristic.

Agent 47's facial features are quite imposing, with a long face, large cheekbones, prominent brow, recessed forehead and ice blue eyes. Early in "Hitman: Absolution", 47 tries to remove his iconic bar code with a razor, but it remains visible at the end of the game.

Agent 47 was born on September 5, 1964 in a Romanian asylum with the number 640509-040147 tattooed on the back of his head in the form of a bar code. "64-05-09" refer to his date of birth, "04" indicates Series IV, "01" documents his class and "47" is the order in which he was cloned. According to the Hitman game series and the Hitman novel, Agent 47 is a genetically-enhanced clone and the culmination of decades of secret research into gene augmentation who is of English descent. His creation was funded by five criminal masterminds who donated their own DNA to the project. In "Hitman 2: Silent Assassin", Agent 47 decided to quit killing people for money and lived in a shelter provided by Vittorio, but had to change his mind after Vittorio got kidnapped. Eventually after many missions handled successfully by 47, "Diana" brought the Agency to its knees. She flushed all accounts, cut off all communication lines, exposed the Agency and used the confusion to vanish and 47 puts an end to "Diana" handling a hit on her.

Even though 47 is meant to be an emotionless assassin, he shows signs of morality, seen in "Hitman 2: Silent Assassin" confessing his sins (killing people for money) to Father Vittorio. Subsequently, he is so depressed at the apparent loss of his spiritual guide that he agrees to take on the "suicide mission" of killing "Deewana Ji". He is very quiet to the point of being socially awkward which is perhaps the biggest of his weaknesses. He prefers to stay alone and he has admiration for the few people he befriends, especially "Diana" and "Vittorio".

Agent 47 approaches his assassinations with professionalism but will show no remorse when it comes to killing or silencing witnesses. Agent 47 speaks in a very formal tone, a tone that shows no threat, rarely swearing or even raising his voice. Given his fees, 47 would have to be a multi-millionaire from his contract earnings but never stops going for new contracts. He only spends his money on simple things like food, suits, gear, and shelter, although he is also known to donate some of it to "Father Vittorio".

Agent 47 can take on hard tasks and perform physical tasks more efficiently than any average human. 47 has mastered the art of stealth. He knows how to efficiently and successfully sneak up to a victim and use his assassin fiber wire to eliminate the victim or an injection to poison the victim or knock them out. 47 can terminate multiple enemies in the same area one at a time and sneak up on almost anybody and quietly neutralize them. Agent 47 also has a lot of knowledge about disguising techniques and ways of accessing unauthorized areas of a location. He is physically strong even when compared to average adult males of his size and build; being able to climb pipes, move and dispose of bodies, snap necks, knock opponents unconscious and jump from a balcony to another balcony, with minimum effort. 47 is a skilled driver and is seen piloting helicopters and planes.

Agent 47 has a special level of skill when it comes to using improvised weapons such as explosives, sniper rifles, automatic weapons and bladed weapons. Being able to hold dual pistols firing both of them at the same time whilst hitting the targets. He is a perfect marksman, so well that the newspaper in "Hitman: Blood Money" called him "Legendary Agent 47".

Ya'akov Yosef

Ya'akov Yosef (18 October 1946 – 12 April 2013) was an Israeli rabbi. He was also a politician and served as a member of the Knesset for Shas between 1984 and 1988. He was born in Jerusalem, Mandatory Palestine.

Yosef died from pancreatic cancer on 12 April 2013 at the Hadassah Medical Center in Jerusalem. He was 66.


Tailstrike

A tailstrike is when the tail of an airplane hits the runway. This can happen during takeoff or landing. During takeoff, a tailstrike can happen if the pilot raises the nose too early and the plane cannot take off in time. During a landing, a tailstrike can happen if the pilot raises the nose too high during landing.

Tailstrikes usually do not have serious effects, such as killing people. However, this means that the airline has to spend money to repair the plane before it can fly again. If the plane is not repaired correctly, it may cause metal fatigue and in the end, the plane can crash.



David Starkey

David Starkey CBE FSA (born 3 January 1945) is a British historian. He is also a presenter on television and radio. His main topic is the British Royal Family.

Starkey was born in Kendal, Westmorland. He studied at Kendal Grammar School and at Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge, where he gained a PhD. In the early 1970s he moved to London, where he became a teacher. 

Starkey's television work includes: "The Six Wives of Henry VIII", "Monarchy by David Starkey", "The Tudors", "" and "The Churchills".

Starkey lives in Highgate, London and Kent. He is an atheist. He is openly gay and lived with his partner James Brown. James Brown died in 2015.

Joyce Carol Oates

Joyce Carol Oates (born June 16, 1938) is an American writer. Oates has taught at Princeton University since 1978.

Oates was born in Lockport, New York. She was raised Catholic. When she was 14 she started writing. Oates graduated from Syracuse University with a degree in English in 1960.

In 1960 Oates' first novel, "With Shuddering Fall", was published by The Vanguard Press. In the 1990s and early 2000s, Oates wrote several books, mostly mystery novels, under the pen names "Rosamond Smith" and "Lauren Kelly". In 2011 a book Oates wrote about her life called "A Widow’s Story" was published.

Hey (band)

Hey is a Polish rock band. It was started by Piotr Banach and Kasia Nosowska in 1991. Their first album, "Fire", was released in February 1991.


Club foot

A club foot or clubfoot, also called congenital talipes equinovarus (CTEV), is a birth defect. In about half of children born with club foot both feet are affected.

Amal Nasser el-Din

Amal Nasser el-Din (; born 31 July 1928) is an Israeli Druze writer and politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1977 and 1988.

Nasser el-Din was born in Daliyat al-Karmel, Mandatory Palestine.


Die Form

Die Form is a French electronic band. Philippe Fichot started Die Form in 1977. Their first album "Die Puppe" was released in 1982.

Killarney

Killarney is a big town in County Kerry in Ireland. The town name is an Anglicisation of the Irish words "Cill Airne". These words mean "the church of the sloe tree".

Killarney is in the centre of County Kerry. It is on the north east side of a lake called Lough Leane. County Kerry is on the south west coast of Ireland. It is next to the Atlantic Ocean.

Killarney is the main town in the Killarney National Park. People stay in the town to visit the tourist attractions in the area. There are many hotels and tourist shops in Killarney. It is also on the popular tourist circuit called the Ring of Kerry. The route passes spectacular mountain and coastal scenery and many historic and cultural sites.

County Kilkenny

County Kilkenny is a county in Ireland. It is in the historical province of Leinster.

Cebreros

Cebreros is a small city in Castile-Leon, Spain. It has the population of 3,223. Former Prime Minister of Spain, Adolfo Suárez, was born here in 1932.

Ávila Cathedral

The Cathedral of Ávila is a Romanesque and Gothic church. It is in Ávila. It is just south of Old Castile, Spain. It also has a cemetery. It was built in 1475.

The Cathedral of Ávila was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Ávila, Spain

Ávila is a town in Castile and León. It is the capital of the Province of Ávila. 58,245 live here as of 2010.

Manuel Gutiérrez Mellado

Manuel Gutiérrez Mellado (April 30, 1912 – December 15, 1995) was a Spanish politician and general. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Spain under Adolfo Suárez. He served from 23 September 1976 through 26 February 1981. He was also Spain's first Minister of Defense from 1977 to 1979.

Mellado died in a road accident in Torremocha del Campo, Spain, aged 83.

Fernando de Santiago y Díaz

Fernando de Santiago y Díaz de Mendívil (July 23, 1910 – November 6, 1994) was a conservative Spanish politician. He was the deputy and interim prime minister of Spain during the Spanish transition to democracy in the late 1970s. 

He had earlier been a general in the Spanish Civil War and under the dictatorship of Francisco Franco.

Leopoldo Calvo-Sotelo

Leopoldo Ramón Pedro Calvo-Sotelo y Bustelo, 1st Marquis of the Ría of Ribadeo, Grandee of Spain (; 14 April 1926 – 3 May 2008) was a Spanish politician. He was the prime minister during the end of Francisco Franco's dictatorship in Spain.

He died of cardiac arrest at his home in Pozuelo de Alarcón, Madrid, aged 82.

Prime Minister of Spain

The President of the Government of Spain (), is the head of Government of Spain. The office was created by the Constitution of 1978. The current Prime Minister is Pedro Sánchez. The first politician to carry the office of Prime Minister was Adolfo Suárez.


There are four living former Spanish prime ministers:

The most recent Prime Minister to die was Adolfo Suárez (served 1976–1981) on 23 March 2014, aged 81.


José María Aznar

José María Alfredo Aznar López (; born 25 February 1953) is a Spanish politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Spain from 1996 to 2004.

The Railway Man

The Railway Man is a 2013 British-Australian drama war movie. It is about a British officer who is captured by the Japanese during World War II, held prisoner, used as slave labour and tortured. He has psychological trauma from his experiences. Colin Firth plays Eric Lomax. Nicole Kidman plays Patti Lomax. 

Reviews of the movie were mixed to positive. It was released December 2013 in Australia. It was released April 2014 in the United States.

Democratic and Social Centre (Spain)

Democratic and Social Centre (in Spanish: "Centro Democrático y Social", CDyS or CDS) was a centrist, social liberal political party in Spain. It was founded in 1982 by former prime minister Adolfo Suárez. In 2006, most of its remaining members merged into the People's Party.

L'Isle-Verte nursing home fire

The L'Isle-Verte nursing home fire happened on January 23, 2014 at the Résidence du Havre nursing home in the town of L'Isle-Verte, Quebec, Canada at approximately 12:35 a.m.

An overnight worker talked to police and told Québecor Média that he was "95% sure" the fire was caused by a cigarette that was lit by a resident who refused to be let outside to smoke less than an hour earlier. He also said that the black smoke that was billowing from above the cracked open door of room 206 on the man's second-floor room. When the worker tried to help, he had "began to suffocate" and needed to leave. On his way out, he was able to rescue a man who had broken his leg by jumping from his balcony. In the fire, an estimated 32 people were killed and 15 people were injured.

Fire safety experts as well as groups such as the Canadian Association of Retired Persons, Ontario Retirement Communities Association, l'Association Québécoise de Défense des Personnes Retraitées et Préretraitées and the Canadian Association of Fire Chiefs have called for more strict fire safety measures including required sprinkler installation. As of 2014, 54% of Québec's private homes for the elderly have no sprinklers. The Québec health minister Réjean Hébert suggested that the requirements be more strengthened to put sprinklers into homes for semi-autonomous elderly.

Jonathan Schell

Jonathan Edward Schell (August 21, 1943 – March 25, 2014) was an American writer. He was also a visiting fellow at Yale University. He is best known for campaigning against nuclear weapons. He was born in New York City, New York.

Schell died from cancer on March 25, 2014 at his home in the New York City borough of Brooklyn. He was 70 years old.


1994 Vancouver Stanley Cup riot

The 1994 Vancouver Stanley Cup Riot was a riot that took place on June 14, 1994 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was the first riot in Vancouver since the tour opener for The Rolling Stones which lead to a clash between police officers and 2,000 Stones fans outside the Pacific Coliseum in 1972.

The riot took place after the New York Rangers defeated the Vancouver Canucks in Game 7 of the 1994 Stanley Cup Finals. The riot started on Robson and Thurlow Street after a man fell off of a streetlight into the crowd. When police, who were on bikes, were trying to escort paramedics into the crowd, some members of the crowd tried to take the bikes from the police. Police warned the crowd to clear out and retreated. 

After a while, riot police gathered in the crowd and fired tear gas. This caused the crowd to scatter in different directions. Lots of stores had their windows broken, including 50 windows smashed at a Eaton's store.

The tear gas that was fired drifted into the open windows of residents living on the West End. St. Paul's Hospital responded by putting guards at the emergency room entrance to prevent tear gas victims from entering there. They claimed that there was nothing that could be done for them. After a while, bowls filled with water were put outside by security guards for the people that were suffering from tear gas. The total damage to the downtown core was estimated at $1.1 million CAD.

Now You See Me (movie)

Now You See Me is a 2013 American caper thriller movie. It was produced by Bobby Cohen, Alex Kurtzman, and Roberto Orci. The movie was directed by Louis Leterrier. Now You See Me was released on May 31, 2013 in North America and on July 31, 2013 in France. The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and hold a 50% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie was a box-office success and gained a sequel.



Robert F. Coleman

Robert F. Coleman (November 22, 1954 – March 24, 2014) was an American mathematician and professor at the University of California, Berkeley. He worked primarily in number theory, with specific interests in "p"-adic analysis and arithmetic geometry. He is also known for introducing "p"-adic Banach spaces into the study of modular forms.

Coleman died in his sleep on the night of March 24, 2014. He was 59 years old.


Operation Yellow Ribbon

Operation Yellow Ribbon was started by Canada to help with the diversion of civilian airline flights because of the September 11 attacks in 2001. It was to make sure that possible destructive air traffic was removed from the United States airspace as quickly as possible, and away from potential U.S. targets. Instead they placed the aircraft on the ground in Canada, mainly at military and civilian airports in the Canadian provinces of Nova Scotia, Newfoundland and Labrador, and British Columbia (as well as some in New Brunswick, Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario and Quebec). Canada began the operation after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) (carried out by Security Control of Air Traffic and Air Navigation Aids (SCATANA)) had grounded all the aircraft across the United States. The FAA was then able to work with Transport Canada to reroute the incoming international flights to airports in Canada.

The actual number of diverted aircraft and passengers varies from different sources. Transport Canada stated that over 33,000 passengers on 224 flights arrived in Canada, while NAV CANADA stated that there were 239 flights. Prime Minister Jean Chrétien said that the number of flights was anywhere between 225 and 250 and that the number of passengers were between 30,000 and 45,000.
On the tenth anniversary of 9/11, President Barack Obama recalled Canada's help during that time, and he expressed his gratitude for Canada's friendship and solidarity.


Cuvier's beaked whale

Cuvier's beaked whale ("Ziphius cavirostris"), is the only member of the genus Ziphius. It is the most widely distributed of all the beaked whales.

It is a record deep diver: 

The French anatomist Georges Cuvier, in his "Sur les Ossemens fossiles" (1823), first described the species based on an imperfect skull from the Mediterranean coast of France. A peasant had found it on the shore in 1803.

Cuvier named it "Ziphius cavirostris". The specific name comes from the Latin "cavus" for "hollow" or "concave". This refers to the deep hollow in the skull, a diagnostic trait of the species. Cuvier believed it was an extinct species. In 1850 zoologists realized the species was still living, when Paul Gervais compared the type specimen to a whale stranded at Aresquiès, Hérault. He found the two to be identical.

Cuvier's beaked whale feeds on several species of squid. They also prey on deep-sea fish. On March 27 2014 a Cuvier's beaked whale tracked by a satellite-linked tag set a new deep diving record for a sea mammal, plunging nearly two miles below the ocean surface.

Although it is in the Odontoceti, it has little use for teeth. As adults, two incisors at the front of the lower jaw stick forward. Basically, it sucks in prey by expanding its throat.

Anita Pallenberg

Anita Pallenberg (6 April 1944 – 13 June 2017) was an Italian actress and fashion designer. She starred in the movie "Candy" in 1968. She also played Black Queen of Sogo in "Barbarella" in that same year. Pallenberg appeared in more than a dozen movies over 40 years.

Pallenberg became widely known in popular culture as the girlfriend of Brian Jones and later Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones. She spent a lot of time with singer Marianne Faithfull, Mick Jagger's girlfriend in the late 1960s, who remained a friend of Pallenberg's. They appeared together in 2001 in the BBC situation comedy "Absolutely Fabulous" in episode four, "Donkey", with Faithfull playing God and Pallenberg The Devil.

Pallenberg was born in Rome. She died of complications from hepatitis C on 13 June 2017 in Chichester, West Sussex, aged 73.

Barbarella

Barbarella is a 1968 French-Italian science fiction movie. It is about the title character in the 40th century. Jane Fonda plays Barbarella, who is based on a character from a comic book series. Roger Vadim directed the movie.

Candy (1968 movie)

Candy is a 1968 sex comedy movie. The movie is a series of pornographic stories related to high school students.

Ewa Aulin plays Candy. Ringo Starr plays Emanuel. Walter Matthau and Marlon Brando are also in the movie.

"Candy" was released in December 1968. The reviews were mostly positive. Its box office intake was good.

You Don't Mess with the Zohan

You Don't Mess with the Zohan (also known as just Zohan) is a 2008 American slapstick comedy movie. It was produced by Adam Sandler, Jack Giarraputo, and Robert Smigel. The movie was written by Adam Sandler, Robert Smigel, and Judd Apatow and was directed by Dennis Dugan. The movie was released on June 6, 2008 in North America. The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 37% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.



Dick Guidry

Richard P. Guidry, known as Dick Guidry (September 22, 1929 – March 26, 2014) was a businessman from Galliano, Louisiana. He is a Democrat. He is a former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Lafourche Parish. He is thought to be the youngest member ever elected to the Louisiana House.

Guidry died in New Orleans, Louisiana, aged 84.

Najib Razak

Haji Mohammad Najib bin Tun Haji Abdul Razak or Bangsat Najib (Jawi: ‏محمد نجيب بن عبد الرزاق‎‎; born 23 July 1953) is a Malaysian politician. He became the sixth Prime Minister of Malaysia after being elected in 2009. He lost his re-election bid in the 2018 general election.

On 28 July 2020, the High Court convicted Najib on all seven counts of abuse of power, money laundering and criminal breach of trust, becoming the first Prime Minister of Malaysia to be convicted of corruption.

kjknwndw

Maize weevil

The maize weevil (Sitophilus zeamais) is a species of beetle in the family Curculionidae. In the United States, it is called the greater rice weevil. It lives in many tropical areas around the world, and in the United States. It is a major pest of maize. This species attacks both crops that are still growing and those that have been harvested. It attacks wheat, rice, sorghum, oats, barley, rye, buckwheat, peas, and cottonseed. The maize weevil also attacks processed cereal products such as pasta, cAgassava, and various coarse, milled grains. It has even been known to attack fruit while in storage, such as apples.

Susumu Ohno

Susumu Ohno was born of Japanese parents in Seoul, Korea, on February 1, 1928. The family returned to Japan after the war in 1945.

His passion for science came from his lifelong love of horses. He earned a Ph.D. in veterinary science at Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology in 1949, and later a Ph.D. and D.Sc. from Hokkaido University.

Ohno suggested that gene duplication plays a major role in evolution in his classic book "Evolution by Gene Duplication" (1970).

Subsequent research has overwhelmingly confirmed the key role of gene duplication in molecular evolution. Sometimes. one gene copy, or "paralog", takes on a totally new function after a gene duplication event. This means one of the gene copies mutates to develop a function that was not present in the ancestral gene. In this way, a gene duplication may lead to new possibilities in its descendents.

Normally, a big change in gene function is resisted because the original function is needed, but after a duplication one gene carries on the original function. Therefore, a change of function in the second copy is possible without loss of fitness.

In his book, he also suggested that vertebrate genome is the result of one or more entire genome duplications. Variations of this idea have come to be known as the 2R hypothesis (also called "Ohno's hypothesis"). He indicated that mammalian X chromosomes are conserved among species: it has been referred to as Ohno's law. He also invented the term Junk DNA for segments of the DNA that have no known function.



Arjen Anthony Lucassen

Arjen Anthony Lucassen (born 3 April 1960) is a Dutch singer and record producer.

Lucassen started his music career in 1980 as a guitarist for the band Bodine. In 1984 Lucassen left the band to play guitar for Vengeance. He left the band in 1992.

In 1994 he released his first solo album, "Pools of Sorrow, Waves of Joy". He played most of the instruments on the album. The album was not successful. In 2001 an album Lucassen made with Astrid van der Veen called "Fate of a Dreamer" was released. In 2009 Lucassen started a new side project, Guilt Machine.

Learjet 24

The Learjet 24 is a twin-turbojet civil aircraft. It is used as a business jet. It is a modern variant of the Learjet 23. It flew for the first time in 1966. It was built between 1966 and 1980.

Martin Elkort

Martin Edward Elkort (April 18, 1929 – November 19, 2016) is an American photographer, illustrator and writer. He is best known for his street photography. Many of his works are held and displayed by several well known art museums in the United States.

Elkort was born in the New York City, New York borough of The Bronx. He grew up during the Great Depression. He married Edythe in 1953. He now lives in Los Angeles, California with his wife.


Killarney National Park

The Killarney National Park is a national park in County Kerry in Ireland. There are mountains, lakes, woods and waterfalls in the park. The size of the park is . The highest mountain range in Ireland (called McGillycuddy's Reeks) is in the park. The park is to the south and west of the town of Killarney.

There are different kinds of animals in the park. There are red deer and white tailed eagles. The eagles were reintroduced into the park in 2007. Local farmers disagreed with the reintroduction because they can kill lambs.

The park is an Irish national park. It is also a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve.

Louis Lincoln Emmerson

Louis Lincoln Emmerson (December 27, 1863 – February 4, 1941) was a Republican politician. He was the Governor of Illinois. He served from 1929 to 1933. Before serving as governor, Emmerson served as Illinois Secretary of State from 1917 to 1929.

Lalah Hathaway

Eulaulah Donyll Hathaway (also known as Lalah Hathaway; born December 16, 1968) is an American contemporary R&B and jazz singer and musician. She has had several hit singles. They include "Let Me Love You" (a 1994 song) and "Baby Don't Cry" in 1990.

Lalah Hathaway is the daughter of late singer-songwriter Donny Hathaway.

Hathaway was born in Chicago.

Ice Age (franchise)

Ice Age is an American animated movie series. There are currently five movies: "Ice Age" (2002), "" (2006), "" (2009), "" (2012), and "" (2016) An animated movie that was a spin-off of the "Ice Age" franchise, which was titled "The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild" was released on January 28, 2022. A sixth film is in development.


Blue shift

Blue shift is one example of the Doppler effect. It is the opposite effect to redshift.
Doppler blueshift is caused by movement of a source towards the observer. The term applies to any decrease in wavelength caused by relative motion, even outside the visible spectrum. 

The wavelength of any reflected or emitted photon or other particle is shortened in the direction of travel.

Doppler blueshift is used in astronomy to determine relative motion:
The reason astronomers can tell how far the light gets shifted is because certain chemical elements, like the calcium in bones or the oxygen people breathe has a unique fingerprint of light that no other chemical element has. They can see what colors of light are coming from a star, and see what it is made of. Once they know that, they look at the difference between where the fingerprint (called spectral lines) is and where it is supposed to be. When they see that, they can tell how far away the star is, whether it is moving toward us or away from us, and also how fast it is going, since the faster it goes, the farther the distance the spectral lines are from where they should be.

Bakewell

Bakewell is a small town in Derbyshire Dales, Derbyshire, England. About 4,000 people live in the town.

Matthew Robinson (snowboarder)

Matthew John Robinson (24 October 1985 – 21 February 2014) was an Australian snowboarder. He was a Paralympian. He won Australia's first IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup snowboard gold medal in Copper Mountain, Colorado in the United States. In February 2014, he got head and neck injuries after an accident at the La Molina ski resort in Spain. He was sent to fly back to Australia by plane soon after.

Robinson died from cardiac arrest on 21 February 2014 while refueling in Kuwait. He was 28 years old. His memorial service was held in Perth, Western Australia on 7 March. At the time of his death, he was living in Melbourne, Victoria with his fiancée.


Voice (disambiguation)

Voice might mean:


Shane Doan

Shane Albert Doan (born October 10, 1976) is a Canadian professional ice hockey executive and former player currently serving as chief hockey development officer for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). Doan spent the entirety of his 21-season NHL career with the Coyotes franchise, beginning with the Winnipeg Jets in 1995 before playing in Arizona for two decades.

Before playing in the NHL, Doan played 3 seasons with the Kamloops Blazers of the Western Hockey League (WHL). During his time there, he was able to win the Memorial Cup two years in a row with the Blazers and won the Stafford Smythe Memorial Trophy as the Most Valuable Player in the Memorial Cup Tournament.

He was drafted with the 7th overall pick by the Winnipeg Jets in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft. In the 2003-04 season, he was named the third captain in Phoenix Coyotes history, replacing Teppo Numminen, who was traded to the Dallas Stars. He signed a 4-year, $21.2 million contract with the Coyotes on September 14, 2012. On August 30, 2017, Doan officially announced his retirement from the NHL.

He grew up in a religious family and continues to be a practicing Christian. He also writes Bible verse Romans 8:28 on his hockey sticks. In April 2011 Doan along with his brother Brook appeared as the "Prey" on the television series "Mantracker".


Mycoplasma genitalium

Mycoplasma genitalium is a small parasitic bacterium which lives on the ciliated epithelial cells of the primate genital and respiratory tracts.

It has one of the smallest known genomes, and is one of the smallest bacteria. Other very small bacteria are the endosymbiont "Candidatus" Carsonella ruddii, and the recently discovered bacterium "Nanoarchaeum". The smallest known free living bacterium is "Pelagibacter ubique" with 1.3 Mb.

"Mycoplasma genitalium" was originally isolated in 1980 from the urethras of two male humans with non-gonococcal urethritis. Infection by "M. genitalium" is fairly common, and is transmitted between partners during unprotected sexual intercourse. It can be treated with antibiotics. Much remains to be discovered about its role in sexual disease.

"M. genitalium" has 525 genes. There are 482 protein-encoding genes in a circular chromosome of 582,970 base pairs. An initial study of the "M. genitalium" genome with shotgun sequencing was done by Peterson in 1993. It was then sequenced by Fraser and others. It was found to contain only 470 predicted coding regions, including genes required for DNA replication, transcription and translation, DNA repair, cellular transport, and energy metabolism. It was the second complete bacterial genome ever sequenced, after "Haemophilus influenzae".

Axe (brand)

Axe (known as Lynx in United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, Australia and New Zealand) are a brand of grooming products. They are marketed more towards younger men. 

It was inspired by Unilever's other brand Impulse and was first launched in 1983. Unilever attempted to launch Axe in the rest of Europe but they had to change the name to Lynx because of trademark problems. The company has also run into controversy. Their advertisements have been criticized for their supposed promotion of encouraging sexual promiscuity and sexism.


Downtown no Gaki no Tsukai ya Arahende!!

Downtown no Gaki no Tsukai ya Arahende!! (English: Downtown's We Aren't Errand Boys!) is an Japanese variety show show. It is shown on the Nippon Television network and features the popular Japanese owarai duo, Downtown. The show is popular for its "no laughing" batsu games where the cast has to endure many ridiculous situations for 24 hours in a place which the theme is and must not laugh or they will be hit with a weapon on the buttocks. Usually, this program is shown for about 6 hours on the New Year's Eve. This program has a long broadcast period after Shōten in Nippon Television.

Hitoshi Matsumoto is taking charge of the composition of this program.He suggests many of plans.
Masatoshi Hamada does chairman advance.
He is an indispensable character to this program. 
preceding opinion or plan 
He appears in series as a punishment or a Must not laugh 
He appears in series as a punishment or a Must not laugh, Itao Plan
Yamazaki VS Moriman
Syozi Murakami classroom 
He is Nippon Television work deputy chief
Comprehensive production

Moriman has won all the games.
This program is always ranked in the top 10 in variety program annual audience rating from 1995 to 2001.
The number of sales of a total of eight DVDs records smash success which sells about 1700000 sheets.
The ninth DVD was also sold, it became the 1st place of a ranking first appearance, and the number of the gross sales exceeded 2 million sheets.


Grand Duchy of Baden

The Grand Duchy of Baden was a former monarchy in Europe. It is now part of modern Germany. The Grand Duchy of Baden (German: "Großherzogtum Baden") was a historical state in the southwest of Germany, on the east bank of the Rhine. It existed between 1806 and 1918, the capitol was the city of Karlsruhe.

Originally the grand ducal family were entitled to the style of "Highness". The heir to the throne was usually known as the Hereditary Prince with the higher style of "Royal Highness". 

The state was abolished in 1918 after the German Revolution where several monarchies ended.


Bridge Street, Suffolk

Bridge Street is a hamlet in the county of Suffolk, England. It is named after a bridge over Chad Brook which is a tributary of the River Stour. Bridge Street is located on the A134 between Bury St Edmunds and Sudbury and is part of Long Melford.


Rafael Aburto

Rafael Aburto Renovales (November 2, 1913 – March 9, 2014) was a Spanish architect. His most famous works are Casa Sindical de Madrid and Obra Sindical del Hogar. Aburto helped organize the Council of Spanish Architectural Associations. 

Aburto was born in Neguri, Vizcaya, Spain. He studied at Madrid School of Architecture. He turned 100 in November 2013. Aburto died of natural causes in Madrid, aged 100.

An Extremely Goofy Movie

An Extremely Goofy Movie (also known as Another Goofy Movie) is a 2000 American direct-to-video animated comedy movie. It was produced by Lynne Southerland and was directed by Ian Harrowell and Douglas McCarthy. It is a sequel to the 1995 movie "A Goofy Movie". An Extremely Goofy Movie was released on February 29, 2000 in North America, the latest release was September 1, 2001 in Russia.

The movie holds a 57% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie won the "Best Animated Home Video Production" category at the 28th Annie Awards in 2000. Bill Farmer was also nominated for "Best Voice Acting by a Male Performer".

It was originally set to release in fall 1999, but like it's predecessor, it was pushed back to 2000.


The additional voices were provided by the following voice actors:


Atlantis: Milo's Return

Atlantis: Milo's Return (also known as Atlantis 2: Milo's Return or simply Atlantis 2) is a 2003 American direct-to-video action-adventure movie. It is a sequel to the 2001 movie "". The movie was directed by Victor Cook, Toby Shelton and Tad Stones and was written by Thomas Hart and Henry Gilroy. It was released on May 20, 2003 in North America. The movie gained negative reviews from critics and hold a 23% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It was the last movie to feature Florence Stanley, who died of complications from a stroke after the production ended.



Ralph Miliband

Ralph Miliband (born Adolphe Miliband; 7 January 1924 – 21 May 1994) was a Polish-British Marxist sociologist. 

Miliband was born in Brussels, Belgium to working class Polish Jewish immigrants. He was a Polish citizen from 1924-1948. He was a British citizen from 1948 until his death.

Ralph was married to Marion Kozak from September 1961 until his death. The couple's sons are David Miliband and Ed Miliband.

Miliband had heart disease. He had coronary artery bypasss surgery in 1991. He died of a heart attack in London. He is buried in Highgate Cemetery. 


Puteal

A puteal is an old-fashioned structure built around the hole of a well. It is made to stop people from easily falling in. Some puteals have bas relief. Some have a step that leads to the water well itself.

Puteals were decoration or part of an architectural design.

In the big places where a lot of people walked in Venice, puteals had cast-iron lids. That protected people even more and stopped the water supply from becoming dirty.

Classically, puteals were made of carved stone, or marble in Europe. They were in big private courtyards and town/city squares.

Glenveagh National Park

The Glenveagh National Park is a national park in County Donegal in Ireland. There are mountains, lakes, glens and woods in the park. The size of the park is . The park is north west of Letterkenny.

Connemara National Park

The Connemara National Park is a national park in County Galway in Ireland. There is scenic countryside in the park. The size of the park is . The park is near Letterfrack in the Connemara area.

Lorenzo Semple Jr.

Lorenzo Elliott Semple III (March 27, 1923 – March 28, 2014), better known as Lorenzo Semple Jr., was an American screenwriter and playwright. He was best known for his work on the campy television series "Batman". He also wrote the movies "Papillon", "The Parallax View" (1974), "Three Days of the Condor" (1975), "Flash Gordon" (1980), and "Never Say Never Again" (1983). He was born in New Rochelle, New York.

Semple died from natural causes on March 28, 2014 at his home in Los Angeles, California. He died a day after his 91st birthday.

Wicklow Mountains National Park

The Wicklow Mountains National Park is a national park in County Wicklow in Ireland. There are mountains, native woodland and blanket bog in the park. The size of the park is .

Burren National Park

The Burren National Park is a national park in County Clare in Ireland. The main feature of the park is its exposed limestone pavement. The size of the park is .

Marc-Adélard Tremblay

Marc-Adélard Tremblay, (April 24, 1922 – March 20, 2014) was a Canadian anthropologist.

He was a Professor of Anthropology at the Université Laval and was Dean of the Graduate School from 1971 to 1979. From 1981 to 1984, he was the President of the Royal Society of Canada. He was born in Les Éboulements, Quebec. He studied at Université de Montréal, Université Laval, and Cornell University.

Tremblay died on March 20, 2014 in his hometown of Les Éboulements, Quebec. He was 91 years old.


Ballycroy National Park

The Ballycroy National Park is a national park in County Mayo in Ireland. The main feature of the park is blanket bog and mountainous wilderness. The size of the park is .

This park was opened in November 1998. It is Ireland's sixth national park.

Jeremiah Denton

Jeremiah Andrew Denton, Jr. (July 15, 1924 – March 28, 2014) was a United States aviator and Rear Admiral, and also a United States Senator. He spent almost eight years as a Prisoner of War (PoW) in North Vietnam during the Vietnam War. He later wrote a book which became a movie about those experiences. He was born in Mobile, Alabama.

Denton died from complications of a heart ailment on March 28, 2014 at a hospice in Virginia Beach, Virginia. He was 89 years old.

Paul Laxalt

Paul Dominique Laxalt (August 2, 1922 – August 6, 2018) was a conservative politician from the United States. He represented Nevada in the United States Senate. Laxalt also served as Nevada's governor. He ran for President in 1988 against George H. W. Bush for the Republican Party presidential primary. However, he did not win.

Laxalt was born in Reno, Nevada. His grandson is Adam Laxalt, who is the Republican nominee for Governor of Nevada. Laxalt died on August 6, 2018, at a health care facility in McLean, Virginia from complications of a fall, aged 96.

James L. Buckley

James Lane Buckley (March 9, 1923 – August 18, 2023) was an American judge and politician. He was a judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He was nominated by Ronald Reagan. Before, Buckley served as a United States Senator from the state of New York. His brother was journalist William F. Buckley, Jr..

Buckley was born in New York City. In December 2019, he became the oldest living former U.S. Senator following the death of Jocelyn Burdick.

Buckley turned 100 in March 2023, and died at a hospital in Washington, D.C. five months later on August 18, 2023 from problems caused by a fall.

Robert P. Griffin

Paul Dominique Laxalt (August 2, 1923 – April 17, 2015) was a conservative politician from the United States. He represented Michigan in the United States Senate and in the House of Representatives. Griffin was a Republican.

Laxalt was born in Detroit, Michigan.

John Melcher

John Melcher (September 6, 1924 – April 12, 2018) was an American politician of the Democratic Party. He represented Montana in the United States House of Representatives, and as a United States Senator from 1977 until 1989.

Melcher was born in Sioux City, Iowa. He studied at University of Minnesota and at Iowa State University.

Melcher died on April 12, 2018 in Missoula, Montana at the age of 93.

John Philip Holland

John Philip Holland () (29 February 184012 August 1914) was an Irish-American engineer. He developed the first submarine to be formally commissioned by the U.S. Navy. He also created the first Royal Navy submarine, the "Holland 1". 

He is often known as the father of the modern submarine for his designs.

Holland died on 12 August 1914 in Newark, New Jersey, aged 74.

Philip W. Anderson

Philip Warren Anderson (December 13, 1923 – March 29, 2020) was an American physicist. Anderson created and helped prove theories such as localization, antiferromagnetism, symmetry breaking, high-temperature superconductivity. He wrote many things about the emergent phenomena.

Anderson was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He was raised in Urbana, Illinois. Anderson studied at Harvard University. 

Anderson was an atheist and was one of 22 Nobel Laureates who signed the Humanist Manifesto. 

He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1977 and the National Medal of Science in 1982.

Anderson died on March 29, 2020 in Princeton, New Jersey, aged 96.

José Alencar

José Alencar Gomes da Silva (; 17 October 1931 – 29 March 2011), also known as José Alencar, the Strong, was a Brazilian businessman and politician. He served as the Vice President of Brazil from 2003 to 2010.

Alencar died from kidney, stomach, and prostate cancer in São Paulo, São Paulo, aged 79.

State funeral

A state funeral is a public funeral ceremony which is made for people who died that were very important in their country. Usually with a state funeral, there also comes a day where everyone mourns the person who died. 

Often, state funerals are given to royal or political people such as Presidents, Prime Ministers, Dictators, Governors, Mayors, Senators, or Vice Presidents. Military people and people who are famous for other reasons sometimes have a state funeral.



Sunanda Pushkar

Sunanda Pushkar (née Dass; 27 June 1962 – 17 January 2014) was an Indian and Canadian business person. She was the wife of Indian minister Shashi Tharoor. She was a sales manager in the Dubai-based TECOM Investments. She was also a co-owner of the India-based Rendezvous Sports World. Her born into a Kashmiri Pandit family.

Pushkar committed suicide by overdosing on sedatives, other strong medicines and probably alcohol on 17 January 2014 at a hotel in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi. She was 51 years old. She was outlived by her husband and children.

Dallas Buyers Club

Dallas Buyers Club is a 2013 American biographical drama movie. It was produced by Robbie Brenner and Rachel Winter. The movie was directed by Jean-Marc Vallée. Dallas Buyers Club was premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 7, 2013. It was released in North America on November 1, 2013.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 93% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

The movie was nominated for 6 awards at the 86th Academy Awards which included Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay, Best Actor for McConaughey, Best Supporting Actor for Leto, Best Film Editing, and Best Makeup. McConaughey won the award for Best Actor and Leto won the award for Best Supporting Actor. Robin Mathews also won for the Best Makeup category even though she only had a $250 budget. McConaughey and Leto also won the Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Best Actor – Motion Picture – Drama and Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture at the 71st Golden Globe Awards.



Don Ward (ice hockey)

Donald Joseph "Don" Ward (October 19, 1935 – January 6, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played 34 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Chicago Black Hawks and Boston Bruins in the late 1950s. He was born in Sarnia, Ontario.

Ward died on January 6, 2014 in Shoreline, Washington in the United States. He was 78 years old. He was outlived by his wife and son.

Jack Stoddard

John Edward "Jack" Stoddard (September 26, 1926 – January 29, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played 80 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers between 1946 and 1962. He was born in Stoney Creek, Ontario.

Stoddard died on January 29, 2014 in Owen Sound, Ontario. He was 87 years old. He was outlived by his wife and children.

Jerry Coleman

Gerald Francis "Jerry" Coleman (September 14, 1924 – January 5, 2014) was an American professional baseball second baseman. He played for the New York Yankees from 1949 to 1957. He managed the San Diego Padres for one year in 1980. He was born in San Jose, California.

Coleman died from a brain hemorrhage caused by complications from a fall on January 5, 2014 in San Diego, California. He was 89 years old. He was outlived by his second wife and three children.

Basin and Range

The Basin and Range Province is a vast geographic region in the west United States and northwest Mexico. Its topography has abrupt changes in height. It has narrow faulted mountain chains and flat arid valleys or basins. There are many ecoregions, but the lower part is mostly desert.

The physical geography (physiography) of the province was caused by extension and thinning of the lithosphere, which is composed of crust and upper mantle. What caused this thinning is still being investigated. The thinning began around 17 million years ago (mya) in early Miocene time.

The highest point fully within the Province is White Mountain Peak in California, while the lowest point is Badwater Basin in Death Valley. Other high points are at the boundary of the Basin and Range province.

The numerous ranges within the Province in the United States are collectively referred to as the Great Basin Ranges, although many are not actually in the Great Basin. The Great Basin is only the northern part of the greater Basin and Range region. The Great Basin is defined by its watershed (internal drainage).

Clarence Dutton compared the many narrow mountain ranges of the Basin and Range to an "army of caterpillars crawling northward", which is a helpful way to visualize the overall appearance of the region.

Before the Eocene epoch (55.8 ±0.2 to 33.9 ±0.1 mya) the Farallon and North American plates were converging. During the Eocene the many volcanos in the Basin and Range Province flared up. The Farallon plate continued to be underthrust until about 19 mya. By then it was consumed and volcanic activity ceased.

Equation solving

Equation solving is field of mathematics that is about finding the functions or values that will make an equation true. An equation says that two expressions are equal. These expressions contain one or more unknowns, which are usually called free variables. 

There are a number of changes (transformations) that can be done to make it easier to find the solution. There are many kinds of equation, and some have no solution in the domain (field) where they are studied. Other kinds of equation cannot be solved exactly, and approximation needs to be used. Similarly, a system of equations may have no solutions, or an infinite number of solutions.

Methods for solving equations include:

Chuck Brown

Charles Louis Brown (aka Chuck Brown; August 22, 1936 – May 16, 2012) was an American musician and guitarist. He performed R&B and funk music. He was with the group Soul Searchers. That group had several notable songs. The song "Ashley's Roachclip" has a drum break which was sampled in the songs of others, including Milli Vanilli, PM Dawn and Duran Duran.

Brown was born in Gaston, North Carolina. He died of serious heart issues and multiple organ failure at 75.

Aura Dione

Maria Louise Joensen (also known as Aura Dione; born January 21, 1985) is a Danish musician and recording artist. She has several hit songs, like "I will Love You Monday (365)" and "Friends".

Dione was born in Copenhagen, Denmark. She has French and Spanish ancestry. She now lives in Los Angeles.

Pseudo-Nero

The Roman emperor Nero committed suicide near the villa of his freedman Phaon in June of 68 AD. Between the autumn of 69 AD and the reign of the emperor Domitian, some people appeared and claimed they were Nero. These impostors were known as Pseudo-Nero. Most scholars believe there were either two or three Nero impostors. St. Augustine wrote of the popularity of the belief that Nero would return in his day, which is known as the Nero Redivivus legend. Suetonius writes that imperial edicts were forged in the name of dead Nero. These edicts encouraged his followers and promised that he would soon return to avenge himself on his enemies.

One of the things that led to the belief that Nero survived was the fact that he died in a location that was not well known. Suetonius wrote that Galba's freedman Icelus saw the dead emperor's body and reported back to his master. Nero was also denied the lavish burial that was accorded to popular emperors and members of the imperial family. This may have left those plebeians who loved him dissatisfied and suspicious. Furthermore, he was not buried in the Mausoleum of Augustus with the other Julio-Claudian emperors, but in a tomb on the Pincian Hill at the family burial place of the Domitii Ahenobarbi. Many Roman plebeians though Nero was very popular after his death, and so they laid flowers at his tomb.

After Nero's death, there were prophecies that predicted he would regain his kingdom in the East. These prophecies possibly inspired people to impersonate him. One version placed his reappearance at Jerusalem. The prophecies have been tied to Nero's natal chart, which has been interpreted as pointing to a loss of his patrimony and its recovery in the East. Tacitus may have been referring to such prophecies in veiled language when he wrote of the rumors that circulated about Nero after his death, which had contributed to the belief that he had survived. The return of Nero may have inspired the author of the Book of Revelation when he wrote about the eschatological opponent called the Beast, which is mortally wounded and then miraculously heals. The number of the Beast, 666 or 616, depending on the manuscript, has been identified by some as the numerical value of the letters in Nero's name. Nero also appears more explicitly in this role in the Ascension of Isaiah and some of the books of the Sibylline Oracles. Because of these prophecies and others, Nero was long thought to be the Antichrist.

Due to the short-lived success of the Nero impostors and Nero's incorporation into eschatological literature, the belief in Nero's imminent return lasted for centuries. Lion Feuchtwanger wrote a historical novel based on the second known Pseudo-Nero, Terentius Maximus, entitled "Der falsche Nero". This novel was published in 1936.

The first Pseudo-Nero appeared in the autumn of 68 AD or the early winter of 69 AD in the Roman province of Achaia, today modern Greece. Nero had visited Greece (66–67 AD) to participate in its Panhellenic Games, and this may account for some of the support the impostor received. Tacitus attributed the whole phenomenon to the gullibility and restive nature of the Greeks, whom he seems to have disliked. The impostor, according to Tacitus, was either a slave from Pontus, or a freedman from Italy. The historian does not reveal much about the early career of the impostor, except to say that the Pseudo-Nero gathered around him a group of army deserters and then set out to sea.

The impostor's group was blown by storm to the island of Kythnos, one of the lesser islands of the Cyclades, which had only one community worthy of the appellation "polis" in antiquity—the city of Cythnus. Here he supposedly engaged in piracy by waylaying merchants, stealing their cargo, and arming their slaves. Cythnus was long known as a popular base for pirates. The false Nero also made appeals to bring Roman soldiers en route to Italy over to his growing armed force. Nero's successor Galba probably assigned Calpurnius Asprenas with the task of hunting down the impostor on his way to take up the governorship of the province of Galatia and Pamphylia. With information provided by naval captains that the Pseudo-Nero had attempted to seduce to his side, Asprenas ordered his soldiers to storm the ship and kill the impostor. Asprenas then sent the head of the impostor on a tour of Asia and then on to Rome.

The second pseudo-Nero appeared during the reign of Titus. He was an Asiatic named Terentius Maximus and also sang to the accompaniment of the lyre and looked like Nero. He gained a great number of followers across the Euphrates to Parthia. He later fled to Parthia and tried to gain their support by claiming that they owed him some requital for the return of Armenia. Artabanus III, the Parthian King, out of anger towards Titus, both received him and made preparations to restore him to Rome. He was executed when his true identity was revealed.

The third pseudo-Nero appeared twenty years after Nero's death, during the reign of Domitian. Supported by the Parthians, they hardly could be persuaded to give him up and the matter almost came to war.

Drive (song)

"Drive" is a 1984 song performed by The Cars. It was from their "Heartbeat City" album. The song came out in March 1984. It is a sad song.

This song was the highest charting single by The Cars. It hit #3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It hit #1 on the Adult Contemporary chart. It hit #5 in the United Kingdom.

Paula Gruden

Pavla "Paula" Gruden (14 February 1921 – 26 January 2014) was a Slovenian and Australian poet, translator and editor. Her best known works were "Svobodni Razgovori" (1982), "Snubljenje duha" (1994) and "Ljubezen pod džakarando" (2002). Her writings were in both English and her native Slovenian. She was a member of the Slovene Writers' Association. 

Gruden was born in Ljubljana, Kingdom of Yugoslavia (now Slovenia) during World War II. She was sent to Nazi Germany for forced labour. In 1948, she immigrated to Australia.

Gruden died from natural causes on 26 January 2014 in Sydney, New South Wales. She was 92 years old. She was outlived by her son, Danny.


American Cordillera

The American Cordillera is a chain of mountain ranges. It is the western "backbone" of North America, Central America, South America and Antarctica. It is also the volcanic arc that forms the eastern half of the Pacific Ring of Fire.

The ranges begin with the Alaska Range and the Brooks Range in Alaska and run through the Yukon into British Columbia. The main belt of the Rocky Mountains along with the parallel Coast Ranges of mountains and islands continue through British Columbia and Vancouver Island.

In the United States, the cordillera branches to include the Rocky Mountains, the Sierra Nevada, and the Cascades and Coast ranges of Washington, Oregon, and California. In Mexico, the cordillera continues through the Sierra Madre Occidental and Sierra Madre Oriental, as well as the backbone mountains of the Baja California peninsula.

The ranges of the cordillera from Mexico northwards are called the North American Cordillera or Western Cordillera in the United States and Canada, and the Canadian Cordillera or Pacific Cordillera in Canada.

The cordillera goes on through the mountain ranges of Central America in Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and Panama. It becomes the Andes Mountains of South America. The Andes with their parallel chains and the island chains off the coast of Chile continue through Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Argentina, and Chile to the very tip of South America at Tierra del Fuego. Also, the range may be followed through the South Georgia Ridge across the Southern Ocean to the mountains of Graham Land on the Antarctic Peninsula.

The cause of this remarkable geographical feature was the movement of the Americas away from the supercontinent of Pangaea. This began 200 million years ago.

The movement also explains the low-lying swamp features on the Eastern side of the two continents (most notably in in Miami and Brazil).

This great feature is sometimes called the Continental Divide of the Americas. This refers to the drainage basins of the two continents.

This oceanic tectonic plate sits east of South America and is moving under it. It is mainly responsible for the Andean mpuntain range. The subduction of the Nazca plate under southern Chile produced the largest earthquake ever recorded on Earth, the moment magnitude 9.5 1960 Valdivia earthquake.

California formed as a series of small island arcs, plus ocean sediments and oceanic crust. They were stuck to the western edge of North America, producing a series of deep basins and high mountain ranges. The oldest rocks date back to the Proterozoic era 1.8 billion years ago.

During the Cenozoic, rock was stuck ("accreted") to the edge of California. Vast areas of marine sedimentary rocks were deposited. Examples of filled basins included the Los Angeles Basin, the Eel River Basin around Eureka and the 50,000 foot thick sedimentary sequences of the Ventura Basin. The San Andreas Fault became most active after the Miocene. It had up to 350 miles of offset in some places.


Nakba

Nakba or Al Nakba (Arabic: النكبة) (“disaster ” or “catastrophe” in Arabic) is the term commonly used for the Palestinian Catastrophe, an event in the then-recently founded State of Israel, that happened to the Palestinians in 1948. Jewish militia forces that later became the Israeli army, conducted a major operation affecting the local Palestinian Arab population during the1947–1949 Palestine war. Over 500 Arab-majority towns and villages were depopulated, with many of these being either completely destroyed or repopulated by Jewish residents and given new Hebrew names. Approximately, Half of Palestine's previous Arab population, 750,000 people, fled from their homes or were removed forcefully by Zionists. The actions resulted in the massacres, fleeing, or driving out of a majority of Palestinian Arabs from historic Palestine and subsequently the State of Israel. Those who were displaced now live in the occupied West Bank, the Gaza Strip and neighbouring Arab states. In addition, thousands of Palestinians were killed and injured during this period of conflict.

The early decades of the 20th century brought a profound change in the Middle East. A massive immigration of Zionists occurred after the Balfour Declaration drafted by Great Britain during World War I. They wanted to settle in Palestine with the intention of founding a Jewish State. Both the surrounding countries and the Arab indigenous populations of Palestine resisted the mass immigration that was arising in their area. This resulted in a heavy dispute between the Zionists and the Arab folks in Palestine. After years of conflict the British government demanded the United Nations to formulate a solution for the situation that took place in Palestine. The plan to divide Palestine into separate Arab and Jewish states was rejected by Arab leaders, they denied any compromise. 

Throughout the negotiations the Palestinian Arabs lacked effective leadership. On top of that the disorder intensified when the independence of the state of Israel was announced by David Ben-Gurion on May 14, 1948. The British ended the mandate over Palestine on May 15, 1948.

Up to the present day, Palestinian and Israeli people have a contrasting perspective on the Palestinian catastrophe, the Nakba. Both sides have experienced the historical events differently, which caused a dispute till the 21st century.

The Palestinians often see the Nakba as a dramatic and sad event in the history of the state of Palestine. They see themselves as sufferers of Israeli aggression in their country. Many Palestinians think that they had to suffer because of the Holocaust, while they were not involved in this genocide.

In the Palestinian point of view, the fugitives in 1948 were expelled by jewish aggression based on ethnicity.

The state of Israel and its supporters mostly reject the description of the events of 1948 as a "catastrophe" (the Arabic meaning of the word Nakba). Many of them see it as a "fight for independence" and a legitimate response to the Holocaust during World War II. The Israelis see the Nakba as a development of a new state: Israel. Supporters of Israel often say that the Palestinians fled the country by their own decisions and not because of ethnic cleansing by Zionists. Unlike the the Palestinian viewpoint, the Israeli viewpoint does not recognize or denies the depopulation of Arab villages and destruction of Palestinian homes. Instead, supporters of Israel use terms such as "abandoned" property and "population exchange" rather than "confiscated" or "expelled."

The result of the Nakba was a wave of Palestinian fugitives inside Palestine & Israel, but also to neigbouring countries. The UNRWA (The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the near East) stated that there were 520.000 Palestinian refugees in 1948.

The amount of refugees from Palestine increased significantly as shown in the table below.

Lorna Casselton

Lorna Ann Casselton (18 July 1938 – 14 February 2014) was a British academic and biologist. She was Professor Emeritus of Fungal Genetics in the Department of Plant Science at the University of Oxford. She was also the Foreign Secretary for The Royal Society from 2006 until 2011.

Casselton was born in Rochford, Essex. She was married to Peter Casselton until their divorce. In 1981, she married William Joseph Dennis "Bill" Tollett.

Casselton died on 14 February 2014 at the age of 75.


Palace of Caserta

The Palace of Caserta is a palace in Italy. It is near Naples. The palace was built by King Carlo VII of Naples. It was one of the largest buildings built in Italy in the 8th century. It was mainly used as a summer home of the royal family of the Two Sicilies. In Italian, it is known as the Reggia di Caserta. The palace has about 1,200 rooms. These include two dozen state apartments and a large theatre modelled after the Teatro San Carlo of Naples. It is often compared to the Palace of Versailles and is called the "Italian Versailles".

In 1997, the palace was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The nomination said it was "the swan song of the spectacular art of the Baroque, from which it adopted all the features needed to create the illusions of multidirectional space". The king wanted a magnificent new royal court and administrative center for the Kingdom in a place protected from sea attack.

The palace was used during the filming of "" and ""

Warren Lamb

Warren Lamb (28 April 1923 – 21 January 2014) was an English management consultant, teacher and lecturer. He was a pioneer in the field of nonverbal behavior, doing significant work in Laban Movement Analysis. He also created Movement Pattern Analysis. He was born in Wallasey, Lancashire (now Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, Merseyside).

Lamb died on 21 January 2014 in Claremont, California in the United States. He was 90 years old. He was outlived by his second wife and four children.


Rodeo of Chile

The Chilean Rodeo is a national sport of Chile. The objective of the sport is to show control in driving a steer to a given part of an arena.

Blazar

A blazar is a very compact quasar (quasi-stellar radio source). They have a presumed supermassive black hole at the center of an active, giant elliptical galaxy. Blazars are among the most energetic phenomena in the universe and are an important topic in astronomy.

Blazars are one of a group of active galaxies that host active galactic nuclei (AGN). An AGN is a region at the centre of a galaxy which has a much higher than normal luminosity over some or all of the electromagnetic spectrum. 

The name "blazar" was originally coined in 1978 by astronomer Edward Spiegel. Blazars are AGN with a relativistic jet which is pointing in the general direction of the Earth. We observe "down" the jet, or nearly so. Many blazars have apparent superluminal features within the first few parsecs of their jets, probably due to relativistic shock fronts.

The blazar at the centre of galaxy M87 is fuelled by a black hole with a mass of about three billion solar masses within ten light years of the galaxy centre.

Victoria Coren Mitchell

Victoria Coren Mitchell (born 18 August 1972) is a British journalist, television presenter and poker player.

She was born in Hammersmith, London and raised in Cricklewood, London. She gained a first-class degree in English from St John's College, Oxford. She is the daughter of Alan Coren and sister of Giles Coren. 

She presented "Balderdash and Piffle". She presents "Only Connect".

She married David Mitchell on 17 November 2012. The couple's daughter was born in May 2015.


GG Allin

Kevin Michael "GG" Allin (born Jesus Christ Allin; August 29, 1956 – June 28, 1993) was an American punk rock singer. He made music with many bands. He was known for his stage antics that often featured transgressive acts. This included coprophagia, self-mutilation, and attacking audience members. He was called "the most spectacular degenerate in rock & roll history" by G4TV's "That's Tough".

Allin was born at Weeks Memorial Hospital. On March 2, 1962 Allin's name was changed to Kevin Michael Allin by his mother.

Allin's first solo album "Always Was, Is and Always Shall Be" was released in 1980.

Allin had convictions, including assault. He was diagnosed with a mixed personality disorder with borderline, narcissistic and masochistic features.

Allin died on June 28, 1993 from a heroin overdose. He was 36 years old.



Unit vector

A unit vector is any vector that is one unit in length. Unit vectors are often notated the same way as normal vectors, but with a mark called a circumflex over the letter (e.g. formula_1 is the unit vector of formula_2.)

To make a vector into a unit vector, one just needs to divide it by its length: formula_3. The resulting unit vector will be in the same direction as the original vector.

Three common unit vectors are formula_4, formula_5 and formula_6, referring to the three-dimensional unit vectors for the x-, y- and z-axes, respectively. These vectors are called the standard basis vectors of a 3-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system. They are commonly just notated as i, j and k.

They can be written as follows:
formula_7

For the formula_8-th standard basis vector of a vector space, the symbol formula_9 (or formula_10) may be used. This refers to the vector with 1 in the formula_8-th component, and 0 elsewhere.


BASE jumping

BASE jumping is a fringe sport in which a person jumps from a fixed place and uses a parachute to slow down before the ground is reached. "BASE" is an acronym that stands for each of the four jump location categories: from buildings, antennas, spans (bridges) and the earth. This last is similar to "jumping off a cliff". BASE jumping is an extreme sport. This means it involves speed, height, danger or spectacular stunts. 

The idea for BASE jumping came from skydiving. BASE jumping is much more dangerous than skydiving from aircraft. 

BASE jumps are usually made from much lower altitudes than skydives. Also, the jumper leaps closer to the platform or standing space. BASE jumpers fall through the air at slower speeds than skydivers, because they begin the jump closer to the ground. As a skydiver falls, he accelerates while falling and gains speed with each second. So a BASE jumper does not always reach terminal velocity. Because faster speed while falling through the air gives jumpers more control of their bodies, and a quicker parachute opening, the longer the delay in the air, the safer.

Another danger is that most BASE jumpers have very small areas in which to land. A beginner skydiver, after the parachute opens, may have about three minutes or more of a parachute ride to reach the ground. A BASE jump from 500 feet will only have a parachute ride of 10 to 15 seconds.

BASE jumping has a death rate averaging about one fatality for every sixty jumpers. It is one of the most dangerous sporting activities in the world. It has a fatality and injury rate 43 times higher than parachuting from a plane. 

As of the end of July 2015, at least 264 people have died during a BASE jump.

Dean Potter and Graham Hunt were killed in a BASE jump attempt at Yosemite National Park in California on May 16, 2015. Potter was a well known rock climber. They jumped at dusk from about 3000 feet up. They both quickly smashed into the rocks of the cliff on the way down. Neither jumper used a parachute that might have saved them.

American BASE jumper Ian Flanders died in Kemaliye, Turkey on July 21, 2015. His parachute got tangled in his feet after he jumped and did not open. He fell 900 feet into the Karasu river at a high speed. The jump was being shown live on a local television station.

Russian BASE jumper Valery Rozov died on November 11, 2017, while jumping from the Ama Dablam Mountain in Nepal.

After the death in Turkey, a fellow jumper said to People Magazine, "There's just this very thin margin of how things can go from 'totally fine' to 'it's over'. And it's really hard to do this sport a lot and have that margin not catch up with you."

In September 2013, three men jumped off the incompletely built "One World Trade Center" in New York City. They filmed their jump using cameras on their heads and later showed the video on YouTube. In March 2014, the three jumpers and one helper on the ground were arrested after turning themselves in.

John Anderson Jr.

John Anderson Jr. (May 8, 1917 – September 15, 2014) was an American politician. He was the 36th Governor of Kansas. He served from 1961 until 1965.

Anderson was born near Olathe, Kansas. Anderson died in Olathe, Kansas at the age of 97.

Edgar Whitcomb

Edgar Doud Whitcomb (November 6, 1917 – February 4, 2016) was an American politician. He was the 43rd Governor of Indiana. He served from 1969 to 1973.

Whitcomb was born in Hayden, Indiana. Whitcomb died February 4, 2016 at his home in Rome, Indiana from heart failure at the age of 98.


Patrick Lucey

Patrick Joseph Lucey (March 21, 1918 – May 10, 2014) was an American politician. He served as the 38th Governor of the US state of Wisconsin from 1971 to 1977. In 1977, he was appointed ambassador to Mexico by President Jimmy Carter. He was an independent vice-presidential candidate in 1980 with John Anderson.

Lucey was born in La Crosse, Wisconsin. He died in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, aged 96.

Marvin Mandel

Marvin Mandel (April 19, 1920 – August 30, 2015) was an American politician. He was the 56th Governor of Maryland. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was governor from 1969 to 1979.

Mandel was born in Baltimore, Maryland.


David P. Buckson

David Penrose Buckson (July 25, 1920 – January 18, 2017) was an American lawyer and politician. He served as Governor of Delaware. He served as governor from 1960 to 1961. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Buckson was born in Townsend, Delaware. He died at a retirement home in Milford, Delaware on January 18, 2017, aged 96.


John Malcolm Patterson

John Malcolm Patterson (September 27, 1921 – June 4, 2021) was an American politician. He was the 44th Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama. He served as governor from 1959 to 1963. Patterson was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Patterson ran with the support of the Ku Klux Klan when he won the Governorship of Alabama in 1958.

Patterson was born in Goldville, Alabama. He died on June 4, 2021 in Goldville, aged 99.

William Milliken

William Grawn Milliken (March 26, 1922 – October 18, 2019) was an American politician. He served as the 44th Governor of Michigan from January 22, 1969 to January 1, 1983. He was a member of the Republican Party. 

Milliken was born in Traverse City, Michigan. He died on October 18, 2019 in Traverse City at the age of 97.

Rose Mofford

Rose Perica Mofford (June 10, 1922 – September 15, 2016) was an American civil servant and politician. Mofford was the first female Secretary of State of Arizona serving from 1977 to 1988. She then became the first female Governor of Arizona serving from 1988 to 1991. Mofford was a member of the Democratic Party.

Mofford was born in Globe, Arizona. She died on September 15, 2016, from complications from a fall while under hospice care in Phoenix, aged 94.

Sarah Marshall (British actress)

Sarah Lynne Marshall (25 May 1933 – 18 January 2014) was an English actress. Her television credits include: "The Twilight Zone", "F Troop", "Get Smart", and "" and "Daniel Boone". She was born in London, the daughter of actors Herbert Marshall and Edna Best.

Marshall died from cancer of unknown primary origin on 18 January 2014 in Los Angeles, California in the United States. She was 80 years old. She was outlived by her husband and son.

True (Spandau Ballet song)

"True" is a 1983 pop ballad from British group Spandau Ballet. The song was released in April 1983. It was a worldwide hit. It hit #1 on many charts. It hit #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was #1 on the Adult Contemporary chart for one week.

There are several versions of this song. One lasts six and a half minutes.

Yevgeny Primakov

Yevgeny Maksimovich Primakov (, tr. "Yevgeniy Maksimovich Primakov"; 29 October 1929 – 26 June 2015) was a Russian politician and diplomat. He was the Prime Minister of Russia from 1998 to 1999.

Primakov was born to a partly Jewish family (his mother was Jewish) in Kiev, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union now Ukraine.

Georgy Lvov

Prince Georgy Yevgenyevich Lvov () (2 November 18617 March 1925) was a Russian diplomat and politician. He was the first post-imperial Prime Minister of Russia. He served as Prime Minister from 15 March to 21 July 1917.

Lvov was born in Dresden, Kingdom of Saxony, German Confederation.

Lvov resigned in July 1917 in favor of his Minister of Justice, Alexander Kerensky. Lvov was arrested when the Bolsheviks seized power later that year. He escaped and settled in Paris, where he spent the rest of his life.

Lvov died in Paris, aged 63.


Viktor Chernomyrdin

Viktor Stepanovich Chernomyrdin (, 9 April 19383 November 2010) was a Russian politician. He was the first chairman of the Gazprom energy company. Chernomyrdin was the longest-serving Prime Minister of Russia serving from 1992 to 1998.

Viktor Zubkov

Viktor Alekseyevich Zubkov (; born 15 September 1941) is a Russian politician and businessman. He served as the Prime Minister of Russia twice: from September 2007 to May 2008.

He was Vladimir Putin's First Deputy Prime Minister during the Presidency of Dmitri Medvedev.

Zubkov was born in Sverdlovsk Oblast.


Yegor Gaidar

Yegor Timurovich Gaidar (; 19 March 1956 – 16 December 2009) was a Soviet and Russian economist, politician, and author. He was the Acting Prime Minister of Russia from 15 June 1992 to 14 December 1992. 


Nikolai Bulganin

Nikolai Alexandrovich Bulganin (; 30 March 1895 – 24 February 1975) was a famous Soviet politician. He served as Minister of Defence (1953–55) and Premier of the Soviet Union (1955–58). He worked for Vladimir Lenin from 1917-1924 in the RSFSR,and the Soviet Union and later worked for Joseph Stalin from 1924-1953 and later Georgy Malenkov in 1953 and later Nikita Khrushchev from 1953-1960. He died in 1975 when the Soviet Union was led by Leonid Brezhnev from 1964-1982.

Dario Franchitti

Dario Franchitti (born 19 May 1973) is a Scottish racing driver. He is best known for winning the IndyCar Series championship four times (in 2007, 2009, 2010 and 2011). He won the Indianapolis 500 three times. He most recently drove for Chip Ganassi Racing. He won three of his four championships while driving for that team. Franchitti has also driven in NASCAR and sportscar races. In 2013, he retired from racing after he was hurt in a crash during a race.

Franchitti was born on 19 May 1973 in Bathgate, Scotland. He began racing as a young boy. In 1996, he ran in the DTM series for Mercedes-Benz. He moved to CART racing in 1997. He drove for Hogan Racing in 1997. Franchitti finished a strong second place in 1999. In 2000, he thought about moving to the Jaguar Formula One team, but stayed in IndyCar racing. At this time he was driving for Andretti Autosport.

In 2003, Franchitti moved to the Indy Racing League (now IndyCar). He had to miss much of the year after he was injured in a motorcycle accident. Dan Wheldon replaced Franchitti at a race in Japan.

2007 was Franchitti's most successful season so far. He won the Indianapolis 500 and the series title.

Franchitti spent 2008 in NASCAR with Chip Ganassi Racing. He had some strong results, but he had a difficult season and decided to return to IndyCar. (IndyCar had merged with ChampCar in 2008.) He drove for Ganassi's IndyCar team, where he replaced Wheldon.

The 2009 season was very successful for Franchitti. He won the title over his teammate Scott Dixon and Penske driver Ryan Briscoe after winning the final race in Miami.

In 2010, Franchitti had a long battle with Australian driver Will Power. Franchitti won his second straight title.

Franchitti won again in 2011 after another battle with Power. His longtime friend Dan Wheldon was killed in a massive crash at the last race of the season in Las Vegas. 

Franchitti did not have as much success in 2012 or 2013. He did win the Indianapolis 500 in 2012. During the 2013 Houston Grand Prix, a crash happened when he was racing in a difficult part of the course. Franchitti and several fans were seriously injured. Franchitti retired from racing after this crash. He is still involved with racing. He will drive the pace car for the 2014 Indianapolis 500. His place at the Ganassi team was taken by Tony Kanaan.

Franchitti married American actress Ashley Judd in December 2001. The couple broke up in 2013.

Baby Don't Forget My Number

"Baby Don't Forget My Number" is a popular dance hit song by the music group Milli Vanilli. It was released in December 1988. It was the first of Milli Vanilli's three #1 hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100 between 1988-1990.

The longest cut is eight minutes and 20 seconds.

Jens Stoltenberg

Jens Stoltenberg (; born 16 March 1959) is a Norwegian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Norway from 2000 to 2001 and again from 2005 to 2013. He is a member of the Labour Party. On 28 March 2014, he was appointed by NATO's North Atlantic Council as Secretary General of NATO and chairman of the North Atlantic Council, in succession to Anders Fogh Rasmussen. He has held the position since 1 October 2014.

Stoltenberg has been a member of the Global Commission for the Economy and Climate.
Stoltenberg was born in Oslo, and is a member of the Stoltenberg political family. He is married to Ingrid Schulerud and they have two children together. He is an agnostic.

During the 2011 Norway attacks, the building where the prime minister's office then was - was bombed; Stoltenberg was then at the prime minister's residence (or the building which becomes the prime mininster's home, until he no longer is a prime minister).

Stoltenberg's father, Thorvald (1931–2018), was the Foreign Minister in the Brundtland government twice.

On February 4th, 2022 he was named as the incoming governor of Norges Bank. However, after a NATO summit in March 2022 concerning the war in Ukraine, Stoltenberg accepted a renewed term of one year to continue as NATO secretary-general and thereby resigned as incoming central bank governor. Acting Governor Ida Wolden Bache was instead given the term that Stoltenberg was meant to take on.


Erna Solberg

Erna Solberg (; born 24 February 1961) is a Norwegian politician. She has been leader of the Conservative Party since 2004. She was the 35th Prime Minister of Norway from 2013 until 2021. Solberg lost her re-election in September 2021, after the Conservative party lost many seats in the election.

Solberg is the leader of the Conservative Party [as of 2024's first quarter].

As of the end of February 2024, two political parties have Solberg as the main candidate to lead a coalition of parties after the elections (for parliament) in 2025. The parties are KrF and the Conservative Party.

On November 7, 2023, she gave answers to questions during a hearing by parliament's Standing Committee on Scrutiny and Constitutional Affairs. On November 21, the committee asked 12 new questions. The committee gave its report in late February 2024. 

Previously (September 2023), media told about her husband having bought and sold stocks for at least Norwegian kroner 112 million, while she was a prime minister. The number of transactions, were more than three thousand; Media says that Erna Solberg had a conflict of interest, even if she did not know about every transaction.

All members of parliament voted (March 5, 2024) for "strong criticism" against Solberg; The vote was the first time that a unanimous parliament, had voted against a former primeminister.

Solberg was born in Bergen. She has two children with her husband, Sindre Finnes.

Cuthbert A. Pattillo

Cuthbert Augustus "Bill" Pattillo (June 3, 1924 – February 20, 2014) was a Major General in the United States Air Force. He served in World War II and the Vietnam War. He worked as Director of Plans and Policy for the United States Readiness Command at MacDill Air Force Base. He was as a pioneer in jet aerobatic demonstration teams. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia. His twin brother was Charles C. Pattillo.

Pattillo died from natural causes on February 20, 2014 at his home in Harrisonburg, Virginia. He was 89 years old.


Francine Lalonde

Francine Lalonde (August 24, 1940 – January 17, 2014) was a Canadian politician. She was a Bloc Québécois member of the House of Commons of Canada, representing the districts of La Pointe-de-l'Île from 2004 election to 2011, and Mercier from the 1993 election to 2004. She was also a lecturer, teacher and unionist and campaigner for assisted suicide. She was born in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec.

Lalonde died from cancer on January 17, 2014 in Quebec. She was 73 years old.


Mohamed Guessous

Mohamed Guessous (1938 – 7 February 2014) was a Moroccan academic, activist, educator and sociologist. He was also a politician in the Socialist Union of Popular Forces. He studied in Canada and at Princeton University in New Jersey, United States. He was born in Fes.

Guessous died after a long illness on 7 February 2014 in Rabat, aged 76. He was called "Father of Sociology in Morocco".

Prokash Karmakar

Prokash Karmakar (; 1933 – 24 February 2014) was a preeminent Indian artist and painter. His work is in the permanent collection of a number of museums and galleries all over India, including the National Gallery of Modern Art in New Delhi. He was born in Kolkata, West Bengal.

Karmakar died from an illness on 24 February 2014. He was 81 years old.

Jeffery Dench

Jeffery Danny Dench (29 April 1928 – 25 March 2014) was an English actor. He is best known for his work with the Royal Shakespeare Company. He was the older brother of actress Judi Dench. Dench was known for his role in "First Knight".

Dench died on 27 March 2014, aged 85.


Baruch Samuel Blumberg

Baruch Samuel "Barry" Blumberg (July 28, 1925 – April 5, 2011) was an American doctor of Jewish descent.

He is best known for the research he did on the Hepatitis B virus. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1976 for "discoveries concerning new mechanisms for the origin and dissemination of infectious diseases". He shared the prize with Daniel Carleton Gajdusek.

He died on April 5, 2011 a short while after he gave the keynote speech at the International Lunar Research Park Exploratory Workshop held at NASA Ames Research Center.

Karl Spillman Forester

Karl Spillman Forester (May 2, 1940 – March 29, 2014) was an American judge. He was the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky. He served from July 27, 1988 until his death in March 29, 2014. He was nominated by President of the United States Ronald Reagan. 

Forester died in Lexington, Kentucky, aged 73.

Jerry Roberts

Captain Jerry Roberts MBE (Raymond C. Roberts) (18 November 1920 – 25 March 2014) was a British businessman and wartime codebreaker. During World War II, Roberts was worked as a codebreaker at Bletchley Park from 1941 to 1945. He was a leading codebreaker and linguist, who worked on Tunny — Hitler's most top-level code. He was born in Wembley, Middlesex.

Robert died on 25 March 2014, aged 93.


Paddy Cronin

Paddy Cronin (c. 1925 – 15 March 2014) was an Irish fiddler. He was born in Ré Buí near Gneeveguilla, County Kerry. 

In the early 1970s, he went on to record an LP, "Music In The Glen", for the Fleetwood label, followed by "The House In The Glen" for Talcon. 

In 1975, Paddy released "The Rakish Paddy" LP with Fiddler Records of Seattle, and in 1977 released "Kerry's Own Paddy Cronin" with Outlet records of Belfast.

He died on 15 March 2014 in Dublin, Ireland, aged 88.

Dickinson W. Richards

Dickinson Woodruff Richards, Jr. (October 30, 1895 – February 23, 1973) was an American physician and physiologist.

He is best known for the research he did on the development of cardiac catheterization as well as the characterization of a number of cardiac diseases. 

He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1956 "for their discoveries concerning heart catheterization and pathological changes in the circulatory system". He shared the prize with André Cournand and Werner Forssmann.

He died in Lakeville, Connecticut on February 23, 1973.

Amoebozoa

The Amoebozoa are a eukaryote phylum of "Amoeba"-like protozoa. They are a sister clade to the fungi and the animals. Most move by internal cytoplasmic flow. Their finger-like pseudopodia are characteristic.

They are a major group with about 2,400 described species of amoeboid protists. In most classification schemes, Amoebozoa is ranked as a phylum in either the kingdom Protista or the kingdom Protozoa. In the classification of the International Society of Protistologists, it is kept as an unranked "supergroup" in the Eukaryota.

Sequence analysis shows Amoebozoa is a monophyletic clade. Most phylogenetic trees identify it as the sister group to Opisthokonta. That is another major clade which contains both fungi and animals as well as some 300 species of unicellular protists. Amoebozoa and Opisthokonta are sometimes grouped together in a high-level taxon, called Unikonta, Amorphea, or Opimoda.

Amoebozoa includes many of the best-known amoeboid organisms, such as "Chaos", "Entamoeba", "Pelomyxa" and the genus "Amoeba" itself.

Most are unicellular, and are common in soils and aquatic habitats. Some are symbionts of other organisms, including several pathogens.The Amoebozoa also include the mycetozoan slime moulds, multinucleate or multicellular forms which produce spores and can usually be seen by eye.

Nutrition is usually by phagocytosis. The cell surrounds food particles, sealing them into vacuoles where they are digested and absorbed. When food is scarce, most species form cysts, which may be carried by air to other places. In slime moulds, these structures are called spores, and form on stalked structures called fruiting bodies or sporangia.

Most Amoebozoa lack flagella and more generally do not form microtubule-supported structures except during mitosis. However, flagella occur among some archamoebae, and many slime moulds produce biflagellate gametes.

A characteristic form is the model organism "Dictyostelium discoideum".

Phuntsok Wangyal

Phuntsok Wangyal Goranangpa or Bapa Phuntsok Wangyal (; January 1922 – 30 March 2014), better known as Phuntsog Wangyal and sometimes Phünwang, was a Tibetan politician. He was a communist and is best known for having founded the Tibetan Communist Party. For his activities, he was arrested by Chinese authorities and was jailed for eighteen years at the Qincheng Prison. He was born in Batang, in the province of Kham, eastern Tibet.

Wangyal died from lung failure on 30 March 2014 at a hospital in Beijing, China. He was 91 years old.



Cheste

Cheste (Valencian: "Xest") is a city in Spain. It is in the Valencian Community. It is west of Valencia and about east of Madrid. It covers . In 2008, 8,127 people lived there according to the National Institute of Statistics census.

Cheste's main industry is agriculture, specifically the vineyards. Cheste is also known for the MotoGP's Circuit Ricardo Tormo, built in 1999.


Feodor Lynen

Feodor Felix Konrad Lynen ForMemRS (6 April 1911 – 6 August 1979) was a German biochemist. 

He is best known for his discoveries with the mechanism and regulation of cholesterol and fatty acid metabolism. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1956 "for their discoveries concerning the mechanism and regulation of the cholesterol and fatty acid metabolism". He shared the prize with Konrad Bloch.

He died in Munich, Germany on 6 August 1979 six weeks after he had an operation for an aneurysm. He was married to Eva Wieland, and they had five children.

The Artist (movie)

The Artist is a 2011 French romantic comedy-drama movie. It was produced by Thomas Langmann and was directed by Michel Hazanavicius. The Artist was first shown at the Cannes Film Festival on 15 May 2011 and was released on 12 October 2011 France.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and hold a 98% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

The movie was nominated for 6 Golden Globes and won 3: Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, Best Original Score, and Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy (Dujardin). The movie was also nominated for 10 Academy Awards and won 5: Best Picture (first French film to ever win Best Picture), Best Director for Hazanavicius, Best Actor for Dujardin (first French actor ever to win for Best Actor), Best Original Score, and Best Costume Design.


House of Lorraine

The House of Lorraine was a family who ruled the Duchy of Lorraine in modern day France. They later ruled the Grand Duchy of Tuscany. Empress Maria Theresa of Austria was married to a Duke of Lorraine. Thus joined the house of Lorraine with the House of Habsburg. The House of Habsburg was very powerful. 

The House of Lorraine, the main and now only remaining line known as Habsburg-Lorraine, is one of the most important and was one of the longest-reigning royal houses in the history of Europe. Currently the house is headed by Karl Habsburg-Lothringen, the titular Emperor of Austria, King of Hungary, Bohemia, Galicia and Lodomeria, Croatia, Illyria, as well as the titular King of Jerusalem.

Duchy of Lorraine

The Duchy of Lorraine was a former monarchy independent from France but in mainland France. It was also a State of the Holy Roman Empire. 

The duchy was given to a dethroned King of Poland and was dissolved in 1766. The members of the family frequently married into other such as Princesses of the French royal family. The capital of the duchy was Nancy. Leopold I of Lorraine later moved the capital to the town of Lunéville. which was a renowned resort in the 18th century, known as the capital of Lorraine. The grand Château de Lunéville was built in 1702 for Leopold. The Duke of Lorraine lived there until the duchy became part of France in 1766. The chateau was designed in the style of Versailles to satisfy Leopold's wife, Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans, the niece of Louis XIV, and became known as the "Versailles of Lorraine". It includes a chapel designed by Germain Boffrand. Leopold and his wife were the parents of Prince Charles Alexander of Lorraine and Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor (through him they were the grandparents of Marie Antoinette).


Apart from the ducal family the "Beauvau" family were very prominent in society holding much influence with the rulers of the duchy due to personal connections. The heads of the family were often titled the Prince of Craon

Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever

Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever is a 2002 American action movie. It was produced by Chris Lee and Elie Samaha. The movie was directed by Wych Kaosayananda. Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever was released on September 20, 2002 in North America.

The movie gained strong negative reviews. It is considered one of the worst movies ever made and holds a 0% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Rotten Tomatoes also ranked the movie #1 among "The Worst of the Worst" movie list in March 2007. The movie was a box office bomb and only regained $19.9 million of its $70 million budget.



Kate O'Mara

Kate O'Mara (10 August 1939 – 30 March 2014) was an English movie, stage and television actress. She was known for her role as Caress Morell in "Dynasty". She also had a minor role in the British television series "Doctor Who".

O'Mara died in Sussex, England from ovarian cancer, aged 74.

Richard Nelson Frye

Richard Nelson Frye (January 10, 1920 – March 27, 2014) was an American professor. He was the Professor Emeritus of Iranian Studies at Harvard University. His professional areas of interest were Iranian philology and the history of Iran and Central Asia before 1000 CE.

Frye died in Boston, Massachusetts from natural causes, aged 94.

Wendy Hughes

Wendy Hughes (29 July 1952 – 8 March 2014) was an Australian actress. She worked mostly in television and theatre. Hughes' career began in the mid-1970s. She also appeared in movies. Some of which includes "Newsfront", "Kostas", "My Brilliant Career", "Lucinda Brayford", and "Touch and Go".

Hughes died in Sydney from cancer, aged 61.

Thompson Square

Thompson Square is a Nashville-based country music duo. The group began in 2002. They became famous in 2010. Hit songs include "Everything I Shouldn't be Thinking About" and "If I Didn't Have You".

The members of the group are Keifer and Shawna Thompson.

Paul C. Donnelly

Paul Charles Donnelly (March 28, 1923 - March 12, 2014) was an American guided missile pioneer and a senior NASA manager. He was the manager during the Apollo moon landing program at the Kennedy Space Center (KSC). Donnelly helped develop the U.S. Navy's Bat, the first "smart bomb" in the history of warfare. He was born in Altoona, Pennsylvania.

Donnelly died on March 12, 2014 in Melbourne, Florida, aged 90.

My Mad Fat Diary

My Mad Fat Diary is a British comedy-drama television series. It started on 14 January 2013 on E4. It is based on the book "My Fat, Mad Teenage Diary" by Rae Earl. The second series started on 17 February 2014 and ended on 31 March 2014.

The series is set in Stamford, Lincolnshire in 1996. It stars Sharon Rooney as an obese 16-year-old girl called Rae Earl. She has just left a psychiatric hospital after being there for four months.


André Lavagne

André Lavagne (12 July 1913 – 21 March 2014) was a French composer. He mostly worked on short movies, such as: "L'amour maternel chez les animaux " (1944) and "Un amour de parapluie" (1951). He was born in Paris.

Lavagne died from natural causes on 21 March 2014 in Paris. He was 100 years old.

Per Lillo-Stenberg

Per Lillo-Stenberg (21 June 1928 – 27 March 2014) was a Norwegian actor. His best known roles are in the movies "Olsenbanden gir seg aldri!" (1981) and "Olsenbandens siste stikk" (1999). He was born in Oslo. He and his wife Mette Lange-Nielsen had a son, Lars Lillo-Stenberg, a musician for deLillos.

Lillo-Stenberg died after a short illness on 27 March 2014 in Levanger. He was 85 years old.

Mark Mangino

Mark Mangino (born August 26, 1956) is an American football coach. In 2014, he became the offensive coordinator for the Iowa State Cyclones. Mangino is known mostly for his strict treatment of players. Mangino's most notable accomplishment is leading the Kansas Jayhawks to their best season (12-2) in school history in 2007.

Parazit

Parazit (, "", meaning "static") was a weekly half-hour Persian language satirical television show on Voice of America's Persian service. The show is a satire about Iranian politics. Kambiz Hosseini and Saman Arbabi started the show as a 10-minute show. It was influenced by the American satirical news show "The Daily Show". Parazit was started before the June 2009 presidential elections in Iran. It became very popular in Iran. Many people watched it via illegal satellite dishes and internet. Its name comes from the Iranian government's repeated tries to jam foreign satellite programming. Because it is shown through unofficial channels, it is impossible to say how many people have seen it. However since January 2011, the show's YouTube channel is watched 45,000 times a week and its Facebook page is visited 17 million times a month.


Gibbs free energy

Gibbs free energy is the available energy in a chemical reaction. It was calculated by Josiah Willard Gibbs.

Systems have a tendency to achieve as low of a free energy state as possible. The Gibbs free energy number is how far away the current system is from this state. It is analogous to a number line, with zero being the final state. Scientists use Gibbs free energy to determine the energy in a system that can be used. A negative Gibbs number indicates that you can get energy out of the reaction. It is a favorable reaction, which means that the chemical reaction "wants" to move towards its lower state. A positive Gibbs number shows that you must put energy in to get energy out.

An example can be seen in respiration. The Gibbs value of one mole of glucose is -686kcal. This means that we can get 686 kcal of energy from one mole of glucose. This means if we put in energy in respiration, we can theoretically get 686 kcal out of the mole of glucose.

The equation for Gibbs free energy is "G(p,T)" = "U" + "pV" − "TS."

This is often simplified as "G(p,T)" = "H" − "TS."

(For the second equation, "U + pV" is replaced by "H" because "H = U + pV)."

where: 

Nathan Phelps

Nathan "Nate" Phelps (born November 22, 1958) is an American-Canadian author, LGBT rights activist, and public speaker on the topics of religion and child abuse. He is the son of Westboro Baptist Church founder Fred Phelps. He left the church at 18 and permanently left in 1980. This was because of his different and mostly opposite beliefs of his father.

Phelps was born in Topeka, Kansas. He lives in Calgary, Alberta.

Otomedius Excellent

Lys Assia

Lys Assia (born Rosa Mina Schärer; 3 March 1924– 24 March 2018) was a Swiss singer. Assia is best known for being the first winner of the Eurovision Song Contest. She has represented Switzerland in Eurovision three times. 

Rosa Mina Schärer was born on March 3 1924 in Rupperswil, Aargau, Switzerland.

When Assia was a young girl she was a dancer. In 1940, however, she stood in for a female singer.

Lys Assia married Johann Heinrich Kunz on 11 January 1957 in Zürich. Kunz died just nine months later due to illness. In 1963, she married Danish businessman Oscar Pedersen, who died in 1995.

Assia died on 24 March 2018 at Zurich's Zollikerberg Hospital.

Representing Switzerland, Assia won the first Eurovision Song Contest in 1956with the song "Refrain". She returned to the Contest in both 1957 and 1958, finishing 8th in 1957 and was the runner-up in 1958.

In 2005, Lys Assia took part in a celebration of Eurovision's 50-year anniversary. In 2009, she presented the trophy to that year's winner, Alexander Rybak.Assia tried to represent Switzerland at Eurovision once again in both 2012 and 2013, but was unsuccessful both times. However, she attended the 2012 Contest as a special guest.

In 2015, at age 91, Assia attended Eurovision's 60th anniversary celebration. This was her last public appearance.


Molar concentration

Molar concentration, or molarity, or simply concentration, is a term in physical chemistry. It measures the concentration of a solution or mixture.

In chemistry, the molar concentration, formula_1 is defined as the amount of a constituent formula_2 (usually measured in moles – hence the name) divided by the volume of the mixture formula_3:

The volume formula_3 in the definition formula_6 refers to the volume of the solution, "not" the volume of the solvent. One litre of a solution usually contains either slightly more or slightly less than 1 litre of solvent because when a substance dissolves in a solvent it causes volume of liquid to increase or decrease.

The reciprocal quantity represents the dilution (volume) which can appear in Ostwald's law of dilution.


John S. Wold

John Schiller Wold (August 31, 1916 – February 19, 2017) was an American politician. He was a Republican. He served a term in the United States House of Representatives for Wyoming from 1969 to 1971. He was also a business person and geologist.

Wold was born in East Orange, New Jersey. He grew up in Watertown, Connecticut. During World War II, he was a consulting physicist and gunnery officer for the U.S. Navy. He turned 100 in 2016.


Basement (geology)

In geology, the terms basement and crystalline basement are used to define the rocks below a sedimentary platform or cover. "The surface beneath which no sedimentary rock is found".

More generally, it is any rock below sedimentary rocks or sedimentary basins that are metamorphic or igneous in origin. In the same way the sediments and/or sedimentary rocks on top of the basement can be called a "cover" or "sedimentary cover".

Yosef Hamadani Cohen

Yosef Hamadani Cohen (; born 1916 – 29 March 2014) was an Iranian Jewish religious leader. He was the chief rabbi of the Jewish people in Iran from January 1994 until his death. Before this, he was the rabbi of Yusef Abad Synagogue.

Cohen died after a long illness on 29 March 2014 in Tehran over Shabbat. He was 98 years old.

Saman Arbabi

Saman Arbabi (; born 1973) is an Iranian-American journalist, caricaturist, television host, fashion designer, and television producer. He was the creator and executive producer of the satirical television show "Parazit". He was born in Tehran, Iran in 1973. He moved to France in 1984, and then he moved to the United States in 1986. He has a Bachelor of Science in Communications from the University of Maryland.


Platypterygius

Platypterygius ('flat flipper)' is an ichthyosaur of the family Ophthalmosauridae. It was the last surviving ichthyosaur.

Fossils are known from Australia, Russia, United States of America, Colombia, Western Europe and possibly New Zealand. There are seven named species. Both adults and juveniles have been unearthed, including newborns and pregnant females. Like other ichthyosaurs, "Platypterygius" gave live birth.

"Platypterygius" reached a length of about 7 m (23 ft). It had a long snout and a powerful finned tail. There are more digits in the front flippers than is usual in ichthyosaurs; they are tightly bound in rows, giving a broad, flat appearance. This unusual characteristic gives the genus its name, meaning 'flat wing.' Furthermore, some of the wrist bones have disappeared entirely. CAT scans on a juvenile specimen strongly suggest that "Platypterygius" was deaf.

"Platypterygius" became extinct during the Upper Cretaceous, about 30 million years before the K/T extinction event. There was an ocean anoxic event at the Cenomanian–Turonian stage boundary. The deeper layers of the seas became anoxic and poisoned by hydrogen sulphide (HS). As life died off in the lower (benthos) levels of the sea, so did the predators at the top of the food chain. The last pliosaurs and ichthyosaurs became extinct. 

No firm reasons can be given for the decline of the ichthyosaurs. By the Cretaceous they certainly had more competitors than in the Triassic, and more elusive prey. The adaptive radiation of teleost fish meant their new prey were fast swimming and highly evasive. The teleosts also included fast-swimming predatory fish, which must have been competitors. The anoxic event would have removed much of the plankton at the base of the food chain. That would certainly result in the extinction of many larger predatory forms of life.


Gravity Falls

Gravity Falls is an American animated comedy/sitcom from creator/executive producer/writer/director Alex Hirsch which follows city kids Dipper (voiced by Jason Ritter) and Mabel Pines (voiced by Kristen Schaal), who are sent to spend the summer with their eccentric Great Uncle Stan, aka Grunkle Stan (voiced by Hirsch), who runs a tourist trap called The Mystery Shack in a remote northwestern town where nothing is what it seems.  With creatures in the forest, monsters in the lake and time travel a possibility, things get very interesting for the twins as they quickly realize they need each other, in order to unlock the secrets of the quirky and mysterious town.

Dipper - The 12 (13 at the end of the series) twin brother of Mabel Pines and a curious boy who is in love with Wendy Corduroy. He is the pinetree in the Zodiac wheel.

Mabel - The 12 (13 at the end of the series) twin sister of Dipper Pines and spends most of the time having fun with her best friends Candy Chiu and Grenda.

Stanley Pines (also known as Stanford Pines early in the series) - The CEO of the Mystery Shack (until Weirdmageddon III: Take Back the Falls) and is the great uncle of twins Dipper and Mabel Pines. He is also the twin brother of Stanford Filbrick Pines Ph.D, also known as the Author.

Soos - he is an awkward, lovable man-child (who works as the current owner of the Mystery Shack at the time of Weirdmageddon III : Take Back the Falls) and frequent sidekick of Dipper and Mabel on their various adventures. He is one of the main characters of Gravity Falls. He is the question mark on the Zodiac wheel.



Alex Hirsch


Carter L. Stevenson

Carter L. Stevenson was a career military officer. He served in the United States Army in the American Civil War.

Pitikwahanapiwiyin

Pitikwahanapiwiyin was a Native American leader. Born in 1842 near Battleford Saskatchewan. He was a chief of the plains Cree tribe. He was known to English speakers as Chief Poundmaker. He helped end a long war between the two nations; the Cree and the Blackfoot. To seal the peace between the two tribes he became the adopted son of the Blackfoot chief Crowfoot.

Ironworkers Memorial Second Narrows Crossing

The Ironworkers Memorial Second Narrows Crossing (also known as the Ironworkers Memorial Bridge and Second Narrows Bridge) is the second bridge that crosses over the Burrard Inlet. It goes from Vancouver to north shore of Burrard Inlet (includes District of North Vancouver, the City of North Vancouver, and West Vancouver).

It began construction in 1957. On June 17, 1958, when one of the cranes was stretching from the north side of the bridge to join the two chords of the unfinished arch, several of the spans collapsed. This caused 79 workers to fall 30 metres (100 ft) into the water. 18 of them were killed either instantly or shortly after, possibly drowned by their heavy tool belts. When a diver went down to search for the bodies, he drowned and that brought the total of deaths for the collapse to 19. The bridge opened on August 25, 1960 and was renamed the Ironworkers Memorial Second Narrows Crossing in 1994 to honour the workers that had died in the collapse.

Château de Lunéville

The Château de Lunéville was the former royal residence of the ruling Dukes of Lorraine. It is often likened to the far grander and larger Palace of Versailles. It is no longer a royal residence and is today a museum. The restoration of the building and its decors is under way. In France it was referred to as the "Versailles of Lorraine" and is also sometimes referred to as the Palace of Lunéville in English.

A building had been on the site since medieval times but nothing had been done to improve or update the building due to the poor finances of the Duchy of Lorraine.

Duke Leopold I of Lorraine was married to Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans herself a niece of Louis XIV of France who at the time of their marriage in 1698 was beginning to expand the Palace of Versailles. The ducal family of Lorraine had previously used the Ducal Palace of Nancy itself in the capital of the duchy. The new Duke and duchess had an ever growing family and Leopold took it upon himself to commission another palace reflecting his rank as a sovereign duke.

Following the death of Leopold of Lorraine in 1729 the duchy was inherited by his son Francis Stephen who eventually married Empress Maria Theresa and he spent most of his time in Austria with his large family.

A after war between France, Poland and Austria apeace was concluded in October 1735 and upheld in the Treaty of Vienna in November 1738. Under its terms, Stanisław Leszczyński, the father-in-law of King Louis XV and the losing claimant to the Polish throne, received Lorraine, while Francis, in compensation for his loss, was made heir to the Grand Duchy of Tuscany, which he would inherit in 1737. While the ex king of Poland was in residence the building was known as the "Château Stanislas". Stanisław Leszczyński actually died at the Château in 1766 as did his wife Catherine Opalińska in 1747. After the Polish royals left the Château was largely ignored until it was created a French Historic monument in 1901. It is currently being restored.


Jürg Neuenschwander (organist)

Jürg Neuenschwander (14 January 1947 – 23 March 2014) was a Swiss organist and musician. He was best known for his work with Schweizer Radio DRS from 1982 to 1989. He was born in Eggiwil, canton of Bern.

Neuenschwander died from a cerebral hemorrhage on 23 March 2014 in Bern. He was 67 years old.

Delta-v

Delta-v, meaning delta velocity and symbolized as Δ"v"," "is a measure of a spacecraft's ability to change it's trajectory (the path it will take in the future). Delta velocity in simple terms means 'the change in speed' It is measured by a unit of speed, usually meters per second (m/s).#

Factors that go into calculating delta-v are:


As an example of how delta-v is used, we can imagine a goal: flying a spacecraft into low Earth orbit. (In simple words, getting a rocket to spin around the Earth). We would first calculate how much delta-v will be required for that journey. Then, with the factors in the above list, we can calculate how much delta-v our spacecraft would need to go on that journey. Like if a person were to drive his car from point A to point B, he'd need to know how much fuel he needs in his car first. But in rocket science, using delta-v is much more relevant, as we have to completely design our spacecraft, including all factors mentioned above.

To reach Low Earth orbit, (LEO) our spacecraft would need roughly 10,000 m/s of delta-v.

Delta-v can be seen a budget, because if our spacecraft were to use up the 10,000 m/s of delta-v, it wouldn't be able to complete its journey to low Earth orbit.

Delta-v is calculated using this integral equation:formula_1

where


Exotoxin

An exotoxin is a poison secreted by bacteria. An exotoxin can hurt a living creature by destroying cells or changing the way that cells work. They are very strong and can cause major damage.

Gerhard Bondzin

Gerhard Bondzin (29 July 1930 – 20 March 2014) was a German painter and printmaker. From 1946 to 1948, he made toys and ceramics in Sonnenberg. From 1948 to 1951, he studied painting with Hans Hoffmann Lederer at the University of Architecture and Fine Arts Weimar. 

Bondzin entered the SED in 1953. He served as a member of the SED 1969 to 1984. From 1969 until the dissolution of the Academy of Arts in Berlin in 1993, he was a full member of the academy.

Bondzin died on 20 March 2014, aged 83.

Hobart Alter

Hobart "Hobie" Alter (October 31, 1933 – March 29, 2014) was an American inventor and businessman. He was a pioneer in the surfboard shaping industry. He was the creator of the Hobie Cat catamarans and founder of the Hobie company. He was born in Ontario, California.

Alter died on March 29, 2014 in Palm Desert, California from cancer, aged 80.

Windows 9x

Windows 9x is a general term referring to a series (or family) of Microsoft Windows computer operating systems. These were produced from 1995 to 2000. These were based on the Windows 95 kernel and its underlying foundation of MS-DOS. Both were updated in following versions. This includes all versions of Windows 95, Windows 98, and Windows ME. In common usage, the term "Windows 9x" itself often includes Windows ME. However, this is not always the case and it is more often expressed as "Windows 9x/ME". Support for Windows 9x was terminated on July 11, 2006, when extended support for Windows 98 and Windows ME ended. Extended support for Windows 95 ended on December 31, 2001.

Windows 9x can refer to either an individual or all of the following versions of Microsoft Windows:


Manuel Valls

Manuel Carlos Valls (, born 13 August 1962) is a Spanish-born French politician. He became the Prime Minister of France on 31 March 2014.

Valls was born in Barcelona to a Swiss mother and Spanish painter Xavier Valls.

Andrej Kiska

Andrej Kiska (born 2 February 1963) is a Slovak philanthropist, entrepreneur and politician. He became the President of Slovakia following 2014 Slovak presidential election. He ran as independent. He was appointed to the office on 15 June, 2014.

Irene Fernandez

Irene Fernandez (1 June 1946 – 31 March 2014) was a Malaysian human rights activist. She was a PKR supreme council member. She was the director and co-founder of the non-governmental organization Tenaganita. She helped the rights of migrant workers and other oppressed and poor people in Malaysia. She was arrested in 1996 and charged with 'maliciously publishing false news'.

She died on 31 March 2014 of heart failure.

Sam Mele

Sabath Anthony "Sam" Mele (January 21, 1922 – May 1, 2017) was a former right fielder, manager, coach and scout in Major League Baseball. As a manager, he led the Minnesota Twins to their first American League championship in 1965.

Mele played for the Boston Red Sox (1947-1949; 1954-1955), Washington Senators (1949-1952), Chicago White Sox (1952-1953), Baltimore Orioles (1954), Cincinnati Redlegs (1955), and for the Cleveland Indians (1956).

Mele was born on January 21, 1922 in Astoria, New York. He studied at William Cullen Bryant High School and at New York University. Mele died at his home in Quincy, Massachusetts on the night of May 1, 2017 from natural causes, aged 95.

Windows Server

Windows Server can refer to either an individual or following versions of Microsoft Windows:

Harold Brown (Secretary of Defense)

Harold Brown (September 19, 1927 – January 4, 2019) was an American scientist and politician. He was the U.S. Secretary of Defense from 1977 to 1981 in the cabinet of President Jimmy Carter. He last served in the Lyndon Johnson administration as Director of Defense Research and Engineering and Secretary of the Air Force.

Brown died of pancreatic cancer on January 4, 2019 at his home in Rancho Santa Fe, California, aged 91.


Windows NT x.0

Windows NT x.00 can refer to either an individual or following versions of Microsoft Windows:

William Perry

William James Perry (born October 11, 1927) is an American mathematician, engineer, and businessman. He was the United States Secretary of Defense from February 3, 1994, to January 23, 1997, under President Bill Clinton. He also served as Deputy Secretary of Defense (1993–1994) and Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering (1977–1981).

Bob Kerrey

Joseph Robert "Bob" Kerrey (born August 27, 1943) is an American politician. He served as the 35th Governor of Nebraska from 1983 to 1987 and as a United States Senator from Nebraska from 1989 to 2001. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He ran for President in 1992. He was also awarded the medal of honor for his courageous actions while a part of SEAL team 1 in Vietnam.

Craig L. Thomas

Craig Lyle Thomas; better known as Craig L. Thomas (February 17, 1933 – June 4, 2007) was an American politician. He was a senior U.S. Senator from Wyoming and member of United States Republican Party. Before that he was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Wyoming from 1989 to 1995.

Thomas died of leukemia on June 4, 2007 in Bethesda, Maryland, aged 74.

Windows 20xx

Windows 20xx can refer to either an individual or following versions of Microsoft Windows:

Windows x.0

Windows x.0 can refer to either an individual or following versions of Microsoft Windows:

Pattullo Bridge

The Pattullo Bridge is the through arch bridge that crosses over the Fraser River. It goes from New Westminster to north bank of the river to the city of Surrey. 

The bridge was opened in 1937. On January 18, 2009, there was a fire that started on the south end of the bridge in the structure under the bridge deck. The 60-foot long wooden trestle on the south side of the bridge which connects the steel and concrete structure to the earthen berm was burned and needed to be entirely rebuilt. The investigators treated the fire as suspicious. The bridge was reopened on January 26.

On July 31, 2008, Translink planned to replace the bridge rather than try to refurbish the aging structure. The replacement is expected to cost $1.3 billion with it finalized in 2018. Construction began on April 1, 2021 with an expected opening date in 2024. 

Ladoora

Ladoora is a village in the Baramulla District, Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is near Sopore.

Frankie Knuckles

Francis Warren Nicholls, Jr. (January 18, 1955 – March 31, 2014), better known by his stage name Frankie Knuckles, was an American DJ, record producer, and remixer. He played a major role in house music in Chicago, Illinois during the 1980s when it was made. In 2005, he was added to the Dance Music Hall of Fame for his achievements. He was born in the Bronx borough of New York City. He was gay.

Knuckles died from complications of diabetes on March 31, 2014 in Chicago. He was 59 years old.


Enrique Plancarte Solís

Enrique Plancarte Solís (14 September 1970 – 31 March 2014) was a claimed Mexican drug lord and high-ranking leader of the Knights Templar Cartel, a drug cartel based in the state of Michoacán. Before his tenure in the Knights Templar, he was a top leader of the split-off group La Familia Michoacana. He was born in Nueva Italia, Michoacán.

Plancarte Solís was killed in a gunfight with soldiers of the Mexican Navy on 31 March 2014 in Colón, Querétaro. He was 43 years old.

Dijkstra's algorithm

Dijkstra's algorithm is a method to find the shortest paths between nodes in a graph. It is faster than many other ways to do this, but it needs all of the distances between nodes in the graph to be zero or more.

When you have done all of these steps you can use the list to find the shortest way from the first thing to any other thing. First write down the other thing. Then keep doing these steps:
The connections between the things you have written down are the shortest way from the first thing to the other thing.

In this pseudocode algorithm, the code , searches for the vertex in the vertex set that has the least value. returns the length of the edge connecting the two neighbor-nodes and . The variable on line 18 is the length of the path from the root node to the neighbor node if it were to go through . If this path is shorter than the current shortest path recorded for , that current path is replaced with this path. The array contains a pointer to the next node on the source graph to get the shortest route to the source.

If we only want the shortest path between vertices and , we can stop the search after line 15 if (if the current node is the target node).
Now we can read the shortest path from to by going backwards:

Now sequence is the list of vertices that make up one of the shortest paths from to . If a path from to does not exist, sequence will be empty.



Host (network)

A network host is a computer connected to a computer network. A network host may offer information resources, services, and applications to users or other nodes on the network. Typically, the term is used when there are at least two computer systems connected together. The host computer is a computer that distributes services to other computers connected to it. Each host on a computer network must have a unique IP address.

Plant breeding

Plant breeding is the art and science of changing the traits of plants to produce desired characteristics. Plant breeding can be done by many different techniques. Plants with desirable characteristics for propagation can be selected. More complex molecular techniques are also possible (see cultigen and cultivar).

Plant breeding has been practiced for thousands of years, since near the beginning of human civilization. It is now done worldwide by gardeners and farmers, or by professional plant breeders employed by government institutions, universities, crop-specific industry associations or research centres.

International development agencies believe that breeding new crops is important for preventing famine. New varieties are developed. They are higher-yielding, resistant to pests and diseases, drought-resistant or adapted to different environments and growing conditions.

Plant breeding started with the domestication of the first agricultural plants, a practice dates back 9,000 to 11,000 years. Initially early farmers simply selected food plants with particular desirable characteristics, and employed these as progenitors for subsequent generations, resulting in an accumulation of valuable traits over time.

Gregor Mendel's experiments with plant hybridization led to his establishing laws of inheritance. Once this work became well known, it formed the basis of the new science of genetics, which stimulated research by many plant scientists dedicated to improving crop production through plant breeding.

Modern plant breeding is applied genetics, but its scientific basis is broader, covering molecular biology, cytology, systematics, physiology, pathology, entomology, chemistry, and statistics (biometrics). It has also developed its own technology.


A Coruña

A Coruña is a city on the north coast of Spain. It is a municipality of Galicia, Spain, and the second-largest city in Galicia. It is the 17th largest city in Spain.

The city is the capital of A Coruña Province, and was the political capital of the Kingdom of Galicia.

Open University of Israel

Open University of Israel (, "HaUniversita HaPtukha") is a distance-education university in Israel. The main campus is located in the city of Ra'anana. , the Open University had taught around 39,000 students. Course examinations can be held at Israeli consulates and Jewish Agency offices around the world.


Mexicans

Mexicans are citizens of Mexico.

There is a large Mexican diaspora in the United States. More than 38.5 million Mexican Americans and Mexican-born immigrants live in the United States. There is also a significant Mexican diaspora in Canada, Spain, Germany, the United Kingdom, Bolivia, Argentina, Switzerland, the Netherlands and Costa Rica.

Most Mexicans are racially mestizo, a mixture of Spanish and Native American.

Mexicans of European descent, including those who immigrated during the 20th century, are concentrated in Mexico City, and in the West. Mexicans of European descent and other lighter-skinned Mexicans dominate the wealthiest echelons of Mexican society. Most white Mexicans are of Spanish ancestry.

Mexico has the largest indigenous population in Latin America. 1.38 million Mexicans are Afro-Mexicans. The majority of Afro-Mexicans live in Veracruz and the Costa Chica region. Afro-Mexicans were brought to Mexico as slaves from Africa during the Spanish colonial era.

Birgitta Valberg

Birgitta Valberg Hansson (16 December 1916 – 29 March 2014) was a Swedish actress from Stockholm. She made 137 roles during her active years at Dramatens elevskola. She started acting in 1934 and retired in 1996.

Valberg died from natural causes on 29 March 2014 in Lidingö. She was 97.

Sonic Drive-In

Sonic Corp. is an American fast food restaurant.

The restaurant was created by company founder Troy Smith in 1953. The headquarters for Sonic is located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. There are 3,561 restaurants in 43 U.S. states which serve approximately 3 million customers per day as of August 31, 2011. In 2011, the restaurant was ranked at #10 on QSR Magazine’s rankings of the top 50 quick-service and fast-casual restaurant brands in the nation.

In 2018, the company was acquired by Inspire Brands.

The Milk-Eyed Mender

The Milk-Eyed Mender is the first album by singer-songwriter Joanna Newsom. It was released on March 23, 2004 on the Drag City label.

Joanna Newsom wrote all the songs on the album except for "Three Little Babes". Noah Georgeson produced the album.

Hilbert's tenth problem

Hilbert's tenth problem is a problem in mathematics that is named after David Hilbert who included it in Hilbert's problems as a very important problem in mathematics. It is about finding an algorithm that can say whether a Diophantine equation has integer solutions. It was proved, in 1970, that such an algorithm does not exist.

As with all problems included in Hilbert's problems, it was unresolved and considered very difficult when the famous list was published in 1900. The first significant step towards finding the solution was made in 1950 by Julia Robinson, who created a hypothesis (known as the JR hypothesis) around which all later progress was centred. The problem was finally solved with a negative answer in 1970 when Yuri Matiyasevich proved the JR hypothesis. Previous research had shown that this was enough for a negative answer to the problem. The negative answer means that we cannot make an algorithm that can say whether a Diophantine equation has integer solutions. 

Arrondissements of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques are:


Since its creation, the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department has had few changes:

Arrondissement of Bayonne

The arrondissement of Bayonne is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département". Its capital is the city of Bayonne. 

It is the westernmost and the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , and a population of 287,546 inhabitants; its population density is inhabitants/km².

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Bayonne was one of them in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department.

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Landes department, to the east by the "arrondissements" Pau and Oloron-Sainte-Marie, to the south by Spain, and to the west by the Bay of Biscay (Atlantic Ocean).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Bayonne are:

The "arrondissement" of Bayonne has 122 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Oloron-Sainte-Marie

The arrondissement of Oloron-Sainte-Marie is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département". Its capital is the city of Oloron-Sainte-Marie.

It is the largest and the southernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , and a population of 74,614 inhabitants; its population density is of inhabitants/km².

When the "arrondissements" were created on 17 February 1800, Oloron-Sainte-Marie was one of them in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department.

Since 10 September 1926, some parts of the dissolved "arrondissements" Mauléon and Orthez were added to the "arrondissement" of Oloron-Sainte-Marie.

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north and east by the "arrondissement" Pau, to the southeast by the Hautes-Pyrénées department, to the south by Spain, and to the west by the "arrondissement" Bayonne.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Oloron-Sainte-Marie are:

The "arrondissement" of Oloron-Sainte-Marie has 155 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Pau

The arrondissement of Pau is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département". Its capital, and préfecture of the department, is the city of Pau.

It is the northernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second in area of the department. It is the most populated "arrondissement" with 305,089 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

When the Pyrénées-Atlantiques, as "Basses-Pyrénées", department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Pau was part of that original department.

The arrondissement of Pau is bordered to the north by the Landes and Gers departments, to the east by the Hautes-Pyrénées department, to the southwest by the arrondissement of Oloron-Sainte-Marie and to the west by the arrondissement of Bayonne.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Pau are:

The "arrondissement" of Pau has 269 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Kenny Hotz

Kenneth Joel "Kenny" Hotz (born May 3, 1967 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian producer, writer, director actor, and comedian.

He used to be a consultant and writer for "South Park", the creator and star of both "Kenny vs. Spenny" and "Kenny Hotz's Triumph of the Will", and the writer of "Testees". Hotz has won many awards including Gemini Awards and Canadian Comedy Awards. He is also a Gulf War photo-journalist and an award-winning "Vice" writer.

He owns The Hoxton and Dog & Bear restaurant and bars in Toronto, Canada. He is the Comedy Chair of the Banff World Media Festival Advisory Boards for the Banff World Media Festival and cofounded Aux Mode, an online content distribution and monetization firm in 2013. He currently hosts a weekly radio show with Sirius Radio in the U.S.



Dane Witherspoon

Dane Witherspoon (December 27, 1957 – March 29, 2014) was an American actor. He has appeared in such daytime TV soap operas as "Santa Barbara" as Joe Perkins in 1984 and in "Capitol" as Tyler McCandless from 1985 to 1986.

Witherspoon was born in Denton, Texas. He was raised in San Francisco, California. Witherspoon died on March 29, 2014 in Denver, Colorado, aged 56.

Jacques Le Goff

Jacques Le Goff (1 January 1924 – 1 April 2014) was a French historian and author. He wrote many books about the Middle Ages. Mostly during the 12th and 13th centuries. Le Goff was known for arguing that the Middle Ages created a new civilization. In 1984, he wrote "The Birth of Purgatory".

Le Goff was born in Toulon. He died in Paris, France from natural causes, aged 90.

Yngve A. A. Larsson

Yngve Axel Andreas Larsson (9 January 1917 – 22 March 2014) was a Swedish pediatrician, medicine professor and diabetologist. He was best known for his work at the Ethio–Swedish Pediatric Clinic (ESPC) at Haile Selassie I University in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia from 1965 until 1970. He was born in Stockholm.

Larsson died from natural causes on 22 March 2014 in Lidingö. He was 97 years old.

Gonzalo Anes

Gonzalo Anes Álvarez de Castrillón (10 December 1931 – 31 March 2014) was a Spanish economist, professor and historian. He was the Marquis of Castrillon from 2010 until his death in 2014. He was also a director of the Royal Academy of History. He was born in Trelles, Coaña, Asturias.

Anes died on 31 March 2014 in Madrid. He was 82 years old.


Jan de Graaff

Jan de Graaff (21 April 1943 – 30 March 2014) was a Dutch television journalist. He started his job in 1962 for the news agency "UPI", from 1966 he worked for VARA on radio and television, including as editor of "Behind the News". He was born in The Hague, South Holland.

Jan de Graaff died on 30 March 2014 in Tilburg, North Brabant. He was 70 years old.


Nive

The Nive (, ) is a river in France. It flows through the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. The river starts in the Pyrenees. It is a left tributary of the Adour river.

The Nive river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Cambo-les-Bains in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department.

The Nive proper is formed from three small rivers in Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port:

The Nive passes through the towns of Estérençuby (Nive de Béhérobie), Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port, Bidarray, Cambo-les-Bains, Ustaritz, Villefranque and Bayonne, where it flows into the Adour.

It joins the Adour in the city of Bayonne, on its left bank, at an altitude of and at about from the Bay of Biscay (Atlantic Ocean).

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Pic Palas

Pic Palas or Pic de Palas is a mountain in the Pyrenees on the Spanish–French border. It is the highest point of the French region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine and of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department with an altitude of .

Pic Palas is high. It is on the "Massif du Balaïtous", a mountain range within the Pyrenees.

The summit of this mountain is the point where the Spanish province of Huesca and the French departments of Pyrénées-Atlantiques (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) and Hautes-Pyrénées (Occitanie) meet.

The summit of Pic Palas, as well as the Massif du Balaïtous, is made of granite.

The first ascent of this peak was made by the surveyors Pierre Peytier and Paul-Michel Hossard in 1825 when they were trying to get to the "Pic du Balaïtous".

Evil Dead

Evil Dead is a horror movie series from Renaissance Pictures, Rosebud Releasing, Viacom International, Paramount Pictures, MCA, Inc., Universal Pictures, Sony, and TriStar Pictures. There are evil demonic zombies (deadites) as antagonists in the movie's plot. "The Evil Dead" was released in 1981, "Evil Dead 2" was released in 1987, "Evil Dead 3" was released in 1992 and "Evil Dead 1" (Remake Version) was released in 2013.

Liberals in the United States

Liberals in the United States have many different political ideas about how individuals and government should act. The people listed below are, or were, thought to be as liberals.

These are some important liberals in America:




Mark Kirk

Mark Steven Kirk (born September 15, 1959) is an American politician. He was elected to the United States Senate for Illinois in 2010, but lost re-election in 2016. Before being a senator, Kirk represented the 10th congressional district of Illinois from 2001 to 2010.

On November 8, 2016, he was defeated in his bid for re-election to his U.S. Senate seat by Democrat Tammy Duckworth.

Palm Desert, California

Palm Desert, California is a city of California in the United States. It is in Coachella Valley. In 2020, 51,163 people lived in Palm Desert.

Airbus A300-600ST

The Airbus A300-600ST is a civil aircraft. It is a bigger cargo aircraft variant of the A300. Only five were built. It's also known as Beluga.

Airbus A300-600ST is used to transport parts of Airbus aircraft between all manufacturers of the group. All are registered in France.

Music! Music! Music!

"Music! Music! Music!" is a popular song. The best known version was by Teresa Brewer, recorded in 1949. The song became became #1 and a million seller in 1950. Some radio stations would not play the song because of the lyric "I'd do anything for you/Anything you want me to". That lyric was often thought to be indecent.

One version of the song was done by Petula Clark, also around 1950.

Brewer made several versions of the song. The one for the Coral label had a stronger beat and orchestra arrangement.

Richard Marx

Richard Marx (born September 16, 1963) is an American musician. He is best known for his hit singles "Endless Summer Nights", "Right Here Waiting", and "Hazard". He was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of musician Dick Marx. 

Fils de France

Fils de France (, "Son of France") was a title used by children of the reigning King of France. It entitled the holder of the title to the style of "Royal Highness". However, that was rarely used. The French court preferred to use terms such as "Madame" and "Monsieur". The reigning king, his wife and their children were collectively referred to as the "Famille de France" ("Family of France"). The grandchildren of the king were entitled to the rank of "Grandson or Granddaughter of France". But the more senior of the two titles was that of "Child of France" due to being a child of a monarch. In French a "Child of France" was a "Fils de France". 


Derek Martinus

Derek Martinus (born Derek Buitenhuis, 4 April 1931 – 27 March 2014) was a British television and theatre director. He directed episodes of "Z-Cars" and "Doctor Who". Martinus also appeared in some plays, mostly based on Shakespeare. He also directed the award-winning "The Paper Lads".

Martinus died on 27 March 2014 at the age of 82 from Alzheimer's disease.

Most Faithful Majesty

Most Faithful Majesty was the style of address traditionally used by the King or Queen of Portugal. Most Faithful King ("Rex Fidelissimus") was a title awarded by the Pope as spiritual head of the Catholic Church to the Portuguese monarchy. In Portuguese it is spelt as "Sua Majestade Fidelíssima". 


Charles Keating

Charles Humphrey Keating, Jr. (December 4, 1923 – March 31, 2014) was an American lawyer, real estate developer, and banker. Keating is known for his crimes in the Savings and loan crisis of the late 1980s. He served four and a half years in prison before those convictions were overturned in 1996. In 1999, he pleaded guilty to a more limited set of wire fraud and bankruptcy fraud counts, and was sentenced to the time he had already served.

Keating was born on December 4, 1923 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He studied at St. Xavier High School, the University of Cincinnati and at the University of Cincinnati College of Law. Keating married Mary Elaine Fette in 1949. They had six children. He was also a successful swimmer and he worked to ban pornography.

Keating died aged 90 on March 31, 2014 in his home in Phoenix, Arizona after having been ill for several weeks.

Seti I

Menmaatre Seti I (or Sethos I as in Greek) was a pharaoh of the New Kingdom 19th Dynasty. He was the son of Queen Sitre, and the father of Ramesses II. 

As with all dates in Ancient Egypt, the actual dates of his reign are unclear. Various historians claim different dates, with 1294 BC to 1279 BC and 1290 BC to 1279 BC being the most commonly used by scholars today.

The name 'Seti' means "of Set", which indicates that he was consecrated to the god Set (or "Seth"). As with most pharaohs, Seti had several names. Upon his ascension, he took the "prenomen" "mn-m3‘t-r‘ ", usually vocalized as "Menmaatre", in Egyptian, which means "Eternal is the Justice of Re." His better known nomen, or birth name, is transliterated as ""sty mry-n-ptḥ"" or "Sety Merenptah", meaning "Man of Set, beloved of Ptah". 

The greatest achievement of Seti I's foreign policy was the capture of the Syrian town of Kadesh and neighboring territory of Amurru from the Hittite Empire. Egypt had not held Kadesh since the time of Akhenaten. 

Seti I was successful in defeating a Hittite army that tried to defend the town. He entered the city in triumph together with his son Ramesses II and erected a victory stela at the site. Kadesh, however, soon reverted to Hittite control because the Egyptians did not or could not maintain a permanent military occupation of Kadesh and Amurru which were close to the Hittite homelands. 

The traditional view of Seti I's wars was that he restored the Egyptian empire after it had been lost in the time of Akhenaten. Recent scholarship, however, indicates that the empire was not lost at this time, except for its northern border provinces of Kadesh and Amurru in Syria and Lebanon. 

Seti I has left us an impressive war monument that glorifies his achievement, along with a number of texts, all of which tend to magnify his personal achievements on the battlefield.

Crurotarsi

The Crurotarsi are one of the two main groups of archosaurs. It includes the archosaurs (living today are crocodiles and birds). It also includes all their ancestors and relatives right back to the early Triassic period, including the Pseudosuchia.

Crurotarsi:

Both main groups of Archosaurs are defined by features of their ankle joints.

Pseudosuchia

Pseudosuchia ("false crocodiles") is one of two major divisions of archosaurs. It includes living crocodilians. 

Pseudosuchia is one of the two "daughter" clades of the Archosauria. It includes a group of superficially crocodile-like prehistoric reptiles from the Triassic period. These are relatives of living crocodiles, but more distant than the archosaurs.

The skull is often massive. The snout is narrow and often long. The neck is short and strong. The standing position may be a typical reptilian sprawl. More often it is an erect stance like dinosaurs or mammals, though done a different way. The body is often protected by two or more rows of armored scutes. Many pseudosuchians get to lengths of three metres or more.

Pseudosuchians appeared in the late Lower Triassic. By the late Middle Triassic they were the dominant land carnivores. Their great time was the Upper Triassic, during which time their ranks included a number of carnivore groups, and one group of herbivores.

The end Triassic extinction caused the extinction of most pseudosuchians. The ancestors of modern-day crocodiles survived. A study published in 2010 suggests volcanic eruptions changed the climate, causing a mass extinction that wiped out the dinosaurs' main competitors. Furthermore, this allowed the dinosaurs to succeed them as the dominant terrestrial carnivores and herbivores.

As the Mesozoic progressed, more typically crocodile-like forms evolved. Dinosaurs were the dominant animals on land, but the proto-crocodiles flourished in rivers, swamps, and the oceans. These early crocodiles had far more diversity they have today. With the end Cretaceous extinction, the dinosaurs became extinct, except the birds, while the crocodilians continued with little change. Today, the crocodiles, alligators, and gharials are the surviving representatives of this lineage.

Myasthenia gravis

Myasthenia gravis is a rare autoimmune disease. It causes weak muscles and tiredness. Stress and hot weather can make the symptoms worse. It also gets worse with activity. 

Myasthenia gravis is caused by your immune system attacking the nerves that tell your muscles to contract. It is treated in two main ways. First, a drug can be given to slow down your immune system using an immunosuppressant like steroids. Alternatively, a drug can be given to turn up the signal that tells your muscles to contract. The signal for contracting is a chemical your body makes called acetylcholine. We turn up this signal by blocking acetylcholine breakdown - these drugs are called acetylcholinesterase inhibitors.

Barbara Kruger

Barbara Kruger (born January 26, 1945) is an American conceptual artist. Most of her work has a black and white background with red blocks which contain white writing. She mostly uses the font and Futura Bold Italic. She is known for her critical messages about society and is heavily influenced by the feminist art movement.

Ueli Gegenschatz

Ueli Gegenschatz (January 3, 1971 in Appenzellerland – November 13, 2009 in Zurich) was a Swiss BASE jumper, paraglider and skydiver. He held several world records. Gegenschatz was known for his expert paragliding, skydiving and BASE jumping and his flight in a high-tech flying-squirrel-inspired wingsuit.

On November 11, 2009, during a jump for Red Bull from the Sunrise Tower in Zurich, Switzerland, a gust of wind hit Gegenschatz and he lost control of his jump. He hit the ground and was seriously injured. He died on November 13.

Yakov Sinai

Yakov Grigorevich Sinai (; born September 21, 1935) is a Russian American mathematician. He is best known for his work on dynamical systems. He has also worked on mathematical physics and probability theory. He won the Wolf Prize in 1996 and the Abel Prize in 2014 for his mathematical work.

Sinai was born in Moscow, Soviet Union (now Russia). He was raised by Jewish parents.


Miroslav Štěpán

Miroslav Stepan (5 August 1945 – 23 March 2014) was a former Czechoslovakian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia. He was the Secretary of the Municipal Party Committee in Prague and member of the Czech national Council and House of People Federal Assembly. He was born in Louney.

Štěpán died on 23 March 2014 from cancer in Prague, aged 68.

There you go again

"There you go again" was a phrase spoken during the 1980 United States presidential election debate. It was said by Republican presidential candidate Governor Ronald Reagan to his Democratic opponent, then-current President Jimmy Carter. Reagan would use the line in a few debates over the years, always in a way intended to disarm his opponent.

Uncle Grandpa

Uncle Grandpa is a television show on the Cartoon Network. It started/was originally aired on September 2, 2013. Captain General Uncle Grandpa and the turtles are voiced by Peter Browngardt who voiced Nathan and dogs on Clarence. Belly Bag (Uncle Grandpa's best friend and one of his creations)/other kids/Tiny Miracle the Robot Boy Helper Buddy is voiced by Eric Bauza/Tom Kenny. Marshal Mr. Gus (voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson) (liar (sometimes)) was best friends with Uncle Grandpa again since the episode "Prank Wars" (2014). Mr. Gus' bad/lie quote/catchphrase only on the episode "Treasure Map" (2013) is "I kept tellin' ya "this ain't no map, it's a stupid placemat just for kids!" (not "Embrace the weird, Mr. Gus!" and what he said to his friends in the subway). Tiny Miracle appeared in the pilot. The show is written by Myke Chilian.

Right Here Waiting

"Right Here Waiting" is a song by singer-songwriter Richard Marx. It was released in June 1989 as his second single from his album, "Repeat Offender". It was a soft rock song that became a global hit, topping charts in many countries including the United States. Cikadap commented in his live performance that the song is actually about him missing his girlfriend at the time terribly. Many thought the song was about a break up. He commented that the song has taken a life of its own. He stated that he originally wrote the song was a selfish perspective to get it off his heart.




Marauder's Map

The Marauder's Map is a fictional map of Hogwarts. It is a magical map. It was created by James “Prongs” Potter, Sirius “Padfoot” Black, Peter “Wormtail” Pettigrew and Remus “Moony” Lupin. It showed the secret passages in and out of Hogwarts. The map also showed where people are by the use of named dots. The map can be viewed by saying "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good". The map can be made invisible (only the parchment will be seen) if one says "mischief managed" and taps a wand on the parchment.

The map was found by one of the Weasleys which is then handed over to Harry Potter.

This map was later used by Minerva McGonagall to help Harry Potter save his child Albus Severus Potter, in "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child."

Lincoln Alexander

Lincoln MacCauley Alexander (January 21, 1922 – October 19, 2012) was a Canadian politician and statesman.

Alexander served as a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons, the federal Minister of Labour, and later as the 24th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario, from 1985 to 1991. Alexander was also a governor of the Canadian Unity Council.


Eugenie Clark

Eugenie Clark (May 4, 1922 – February 25, 2015), sometimes called The Shark Lady, was an American ichthyologist. Clark was known for her research on poisonous fish of the tropical seas and on the behavior of sharks. She was also one of the first people to scuba dive(CAP) for research purposes.

Clark was born in New York City, New York.

Around the World in Eighty Days

Around The World in Eighty Days is a classic adventure novel by Jules Verne. It was published in 1873. It is about a scientist Phileas Fogg. He and his new valet Passepartout go around the world in 80 days to win a 20,000 pounds wager made by his friends at the Reform Club. This book is one of Jules Verne's most famous works.

Eleanor Catton

Eleanor Catton (born 24 September 1985) is a Canadian-New Zealand author. Her second novel, "The Luminaries", won the 2013 Man Booker Prize. Catton was born in London, Ontario, Canada and she grew up in Christchurch, New Zealand. 

Her first novel, "The Rehearsal", was released in 2008. Catton is the youngest author to win the Man Booker Prize. "The Luminaries" is the longest book (832 pages) to win the prize.

Nivin Pauly

Nivin Pauly (born 10 October 1984) is an Indian movie actor. He mostly acts in Malayalam movies. His first movie was "Malarvadi Arts Club". Some of his other movies are "Thattathin Marayathu", "Da Thadiya", "Neram", "1983", "Om Shanti Oshaana", "Bangalore Days" and "Premam".


Eoabelisaurus

Eoabelisaurus is a genus of large theropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic period of what is now South America. It was a bipedal carnivore that probably reached in length.

The discovery, which is fairly recent, is important because of its relative completeness. It is the earliest known member of the family Abelisauridae.

Checkers (restaurant)

Checkers Drive In Restaurants is one of the largest chains of drive-through restaurants for fast food in the United States. It became a private company in June 2006 by merging with Taxi Holdings.

The company operates Checkers and Rally's restaurants. Checkers was founded in 1985. Rally's was founded in 1986. Most in the eastern United States are called "Checkers" and most in the Midwestern United States and Western United States are called "Rally's". They serve Cajun French fries and burgers.

Mount Herzl Educational Center

Mount Herzl Educational Center () is the central center for the study of Zionism. It is near the central entrance to Mount Herzl in Jerusalem.


Atrial-natriuretic peptide

Atrial Natriuretic Peptide (ANP) (also called atrial natriuretic factor and atrial natriuretic hormone) is a vasodilator and a hormone. It is produced by the brain in response to increased blood pressure. It inhibits renin, an enzyme produced by the juxtaglomerular apparatus. This causes you to secrete more salt and water.

Princess Ariane of the Netherlands

Princess Ariane of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau (Ariane Wilhelmina Máxima Inés; born 10 April 2007) is the third and youngest daughter of Queen Maxima and King Willem Alexander. She has two elder sisters: Princess Catharina-Amalia and Princess Alexia. She is also a member of the Dutch Royal House and currently is third in the line of succession to the Dutch throne.

Princess Ariane was born in the HMC Bronovo in The Hague at 21:56 local time on 10 April 2007 as the third child and youngest daughter of King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands. Prime Minister Balkenende addressed the nation shortly afterward and said both mother and child were healthy and doing well. The next morning, her father appeared on television with his new daughter. 

The names of the baby were announced on 26 October, when the birth was registered in The Hague. 

Princess Ariane was baptized in the Kloosterkerk, The Hague on 29 October 2007. Vicar Deodaat van der Boon used water from the Jordan River to baptize the princess, who was wearing the christening gown that Princess Wilhelmina first wore in 1880. 

Over 850 guests were invited to attend, including Princess Maxima's parents and Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende. Her godparents are Hereditary Grand Duke Guillaume of Luxembourg, Baron Tijo Collot d'Escury, Antoine Frilling, Valerie Delger and Ines Zorreguieta. 

Princess Ariane attends the Christelijk Gymnasium Sorghvliet in The Hague. In May 2023, the Dutch Royal Court announced that the Princess would continue her secondary school studies at the UWC Adriatic in Italy. She speaks Dutch, English, and Spanish. 

On 2 May 2007, Princess Ariane was admitted to the Leiden University Medical Center with a suspected lung infection. She was released from the hospital on 5 May 2007 after treatment for her bacterial and viral infection. 

On 13 June 2007, Prince Willem-Alexander and Princess Maxima released a thank you note "not only for the congratulations upon Ariane's birth but also for the best wishes they received upon her hospitalization" and released a third official picture with their newborn daughter. 

The couple reportedly received over 30,000 letters of well-wishes. On 8 October 2009, Princess Ariane was again admitted to a hospital, in which she had to stay for one night, due to a respiratory infection. 

10 April 2007 Her Royal Highness Ariane of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau 

-Netherlands: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Lion of the Netherlands (10 April 2025)

-Netherlands: Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau (10 April 2025)

Princess Alexia of the Netherlands

Princess Alexia of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau (Alexia Juliana Marcela Laurentien; born 26 June 2005) is the daughter of Queen Maxima and King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands. Princess Alexia is a member of the Dutch royal house and second in the line of succession to the Dutch throne. 

Life 

Princess Alexia was born on 26 June 2005 at HMC Bronovo in The Hague as the second child of Willem-Alexander, then Prince of Orange, and his wife, Maxima. The infant's paternal uncle Prince Friso and maternal uncle Juan Zorreguieta, the then still Duchess of Brabant Queen Mathilde of Belgium, Jonkvrouw Alexandra de Jeszenice, and Jonkheer Frans Ferdinand de Beaufort stood as godparents at baptism by Reverend Deodaat van der Boon on 19 November 2005 in the Dorpskerk in Wassenaar. 

Princess Alexia attended the public primary school Bloemcampschool in Wassenaar. She attended secondary school at the Christelijk Gymnasium Sorghvlist in The Hague from 2017 to 2021. Beginning in August 2021, she continued her secondary education at the United World College of the Atlantic in Wales, where her father was also a student. She graduated, having passed the International Baccalaureate, in 2023. Alexia speaks Dutch, English, and Spanish. 

Alexia's friend Jan de Beafort, son of her godfather, died in 2022 at age 19. 

Hospitalization 

In February 2016, while on a skiing holiday with her family in Austria, Princess Alexia broke her right femur. She was transported via helicopter to a local hospital and had surgery to repair the injury. After a few days in the hospital she was released and required the use of crutches while she healed. Updates on Princess Alexia's condition were posted on the official website of the Dutch monarchy. The accident occurred in the same area as the avalanche which resulted in eventually fatal injuries to her paternal uncle and godfather, Prince Friso, in February 2012. 

26 June 2005 "Her Royal Highness" Princess Alexia of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau.

Honors 

-Netherlands: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion (26 June 2023)

-Netherlands: Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau (26 June 2023)


Place value

Place value in mathematics is the value represented by a digit.

In the decimal system (which is base 10) with digits (0-9) the first column left of the decimal place is the units column, the next column to the left is the tens, the next is the hundreds. The first column right of the decimal place is the tenths column, the next is hundredths, the next is thousandths.

This can be illustrated as H T U . t h th


Fire pump

A fire pump is part of a fire fighting system. It brings water from water sources such as groundwater or static water. It supplies the water to a sprinkler system to extinguish fire with high water pressure. The pump is run by a motor.

Hong Kong Metropolitan University

Hong Kong Metropolitan University (HKMU), previously known as the Open University of Hong Kong, is a public university in Hong Kong.


Moscow Stock Exchange

The Moscow Stock Exchange is one of the three stock exchanges in Russia. It is the largest in the Russian federation.


Carl Epting Mundy Jr.

Carl Epting Mundy Jr. (July 16, 1935 – April 2, 2014) was a United States Marine Corps General. He was the 30th Commandant of the United States Marine Corps from July 1, 1991 until his retirement on June 30, 1995. He was also a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Mundy died from Merkel-cell carcinoma on April 2, 2014 in Alexandria, Virginia. He was 78. He was outlived by his daughter, Elizabeth Gunter.


Marc Platt (dancer)

Marcel Emile Gaston LePlat (December 2, 1913 – March 29, 2014), better known by his stage name Marc Platt, was an American ballet dancer, musical theatre performer, and actor. He was best known for his role as Daniel Pontipee in the movie "Seven Brides for Seven Brothers" (1954). He was born in Pasadena, California. His father was an immigrant from France.

Platt died from pneumonia at a hospice on the morning of March 29, 2014 in San Rafael, California. He was 100 years old. He was outlived by his children.


Urs Widmer

Urs Widmer (21 May 1938 – 2 April 2014) was a Swiss novelist, playwright, essayist and short story writer. He wrote for several different newspapers and other publications. He was best known for his 2000 book "Der Geliebte der Mutter" (The Mother's Lover). In 2013, he won the Friedrich Hölderlin Prize. He was born in Basel.

Widmer died after a long illness on 2 April 2014 in Zürich. He was 75 years old.


Bill Mitchell (ice hockey)

William Richard "Bill" Mitchell (February 22, 1930 – April 1, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and coach. He played one in the National Hockey League (NHL) during the 1963–64 season for the Detroit Red Wings. He later coached some teams in Toledo, Ohio in the United States. He was born in Port Dalhousie, Ontario.

Mitchell died from kidney failure on April 1, 2014 in Perrysburg Township, Wood County, Ohio. He was 84 years old. He was outlived by his one daughter and two sons.

Manish Arora

Manish Arora (Hindi:मनीष अरोरा) (Punjabi: ਮਨੀਸ਼ ਅਰੋੜਾ) is an Indian fashion designer. Arora was born in Mumbai. He now lives in New Delhi.

In 1997 Arora started a fashion label called Manish Arora. In 2001 Arora started his second fashion label Fish Fry.

Manish Arora is a Sikh.

Lollipop (Candyman)

"Lollipop (Candyman)" is a pop song from the group Aqua. It is from their first album, "Aquarium". The song was released in 1997. This song was said to be one of the group's favorite songs. It was not as successful as their song "Barbie Girl".

The longest version is 7 minutes and 28 seconds long.

Enamel (glass)

Enamel is made of melted glass, often on metal. Sometimes called vitreous or porcelain enamel, it is made by fusing powdered glass to a base by firing, usually between 750 and 850 °C (1,380 and 1,560 °F). The powder melts, flows, and then hardens to a smooth, durable coating on metal, or on glass or ceramics.

It has been used on decorative objects for two, or three thousand years, but especially in the Middle Ages in Europe. In the 19th century, it was used on everyday objects such as kitchen equipment and road signs. The glass is hard-wearing, scratch resistant and easy to clean.

Mary Timony

Mary B. Timony (born 1970) is an American singer, guitarist, and violist. She was the singer of the indie rock band Helium.

In 2000 Timony's first solo album was released.

Cherry (wrestler)

Kara Elizabeth Drew (born July 15, 1975) is an American professional wrestler and valet. She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), where she was known by the ring name Cherry. During her time there, she was known for being the manager of the tag team Deuce 'n Domino and was also a wrestler on WWE's SmackDown brand. Drew was released from her WWE contract on August 15, 2008.

After being released, Drew started working at SeaWorld.



Blake Wheeler

Blake James Wheeler (born August 31, 1986) is an American ice hockey right winger. He currently plays for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Boston Bruins and Atlanta Thrashers of the NHL and EHC München of the DEL.

Before playing in the NHL, Wheeler played 1 season with the Green Bay Gamblers of the United States Hockey League (USHL). He also played 3 years of college ice hockey at the University of Minnesota. During his time with University of Minnesota, he was named the WCHA Most Valuable Player in Tournament in 2007.

Wheeler was drafted with the 5th overall pick by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. Wheeler and the Coyotes could not agree on a contract and he signed an entry-level contract with the Boston Bruins on July 1, 2008. On October 9, he scored played in his first NHL games and also scored his first NHL goal against Peter Budaj of the Colorado Avalanche.

On February 18, 2011, he was traded along with Mark Stuart to the Atlanta Thrashers in exchange for Boris Valabik and Rich Peverley. On July 18, 2011, he signed a two-year, $5.1 million deal with the Jets when the Thrashers relocated to Winnipeg.


Al Montoya

Álvaro "Al" Montoya (born February 13, 1985) is an American ice hockey goaltender. He currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Phoenix Coyotes, New York Islanders, and Winnipeg Jets. He is the first Cuban American NHL player.

Before playing in the NHL, Montoya played 15 games with the Texas Tornado and 24 games with the USA Hockey National Team Development Program of the North American Hockey League (NAHL), 3 years of college ice hockey at the University of Michigan and 2 games with the Charlotte Checkers of the ECHL.

Montoya was drafted with the 6th overall pick by the New York Rangers in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. On February 26, 2008, the Rangers sent Montoya along with Marcel Hossa to the Phoenix Coyotes for Fredrik Sjöström, David LeNeveu, and Josh Gratton. His first game in the NHL was with the Coyotes on April 1, 2009 and he was able to record a 3-0 shutout victory over the Colorado Avalanche. The Coyotes traded him to the New York Islanders for a sixth round draft pick on February 9, 2011.

Montoya signed a one-year contract extension with the Islanders on March 29. On July 4, 2012, he was signed to a one-year, $601,000 deal by the Winnipeg Jets after he was released from the Islanders.

On June 28, 2014, Montoya was signed as a free agent by the Florida Panthers to a two-year, $1,050,000 contract.


Kumba Ialá

Kumba Ialá, also spelled Yalá (15 March 1953 – 4 April 2014) was a Bissau-Guinean politician. He was the President of Guinea-Bissau from 17 February 2000 until 14 September 2003. He was also the President of the Social Renewal Party (PRS). In 2008, he became a Muslim and took the name Mohamed Ialá Embaló. He was born in Bula, Portuguese Guinea.

Ialá died from cardiopulmonary arrest on 4 April 2014 in Bissau. He was 61 years old.

Windburn

Windburn is when a person gets a sunburn but thought it was caused by wind because it was cloudy. Windburn is actually a sunburn rather than an actual condition caused by wind. This was shown as early as 1936 by English skin specialist Charles Howard White of Cambridge and American physicist William Henry Crew of New York University. However, it is still a common misconception that windburn is caused by wind.

Jovan Pavlović

Metropolitan Jovan Pavlović (, ; 22 October 1936 – 3 April 2014) was a Croatian religious leader. He was the Metropolitan of Metropolitanate of Zagreb and Ljubljana of Serbian Orthodox Church. He was born in Medinci, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Pavlović died on 3 April 2014 at the Sisters of Charity Hospital in Zagreb, Croatia. He was 78 years old.

Topsham, Maine

Topsham is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States. Its population was 9,560 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area. Topsham is where the Topsham Fair happens every year.

The Pejepscot Abenaki Indians, a sub-tribe of the Anasagunticooks (now Androscoggins), used to own the land that is now Topsham. They called the this area "Sawacook." The Pejepscot Abenaki controlled the Androscoggin River. They lived and fished at Pejepscot Falls. But a plague, probably smallpox brought by Europeans, killed most of the tribe's population in 1615-1616.

On June 16, 1632, the Plymouth Council gave some land that had once belonged to the Abenaki to Thomas Purchase and George Way. The land was later given to Richard Wharton, and then in 1714 it was given to the Pejepscot Company.

The first sawmill there was built in 1716 on the Cathance River.

In 1717 the area got its current name, Topsham. It is named after the town of Topsham in Devon, England. On January 31, 1764, Topsham was incorporated as a town by the Massachusetts General Court.

Shipbuilding and lumber mills were important early businesses in Topsham. Pejepscot Falls provided the power to support industry. Lumber mills were very active between 1750 and 1770. Factories later produced things like lumber, watches, doors and pottery.

Topsham and Brunswick were connected with the Underground Railroad during the years of slavery. There were safe houses and underground tunnels to hide escaped slaves in both towns. 

The Brunswick and Topsham Water District was incorporated in 1903.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which is land and is water. The Androscoggin River, the Cathance River and the Muddy River drain Topsham. These rivers empty into Merrymeeting Bay, an inland delta. Merrymeeting Bay is located to the northeast of Topsham.

Interstate 295, U.S. Route 201, and state routes 24 and 196 all go through Topsham.

Topsham borders the towns of Bowdoin and Bowdoinham to the north, Brunswick to the south, and Durham and Lisbon to the northwest.

As of the census of 2020, there were 9,560 people, 4,138 households, and 2,679 families residing in the town. The population density was . There were 4,413 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the town was 93.3% White, 0.8% African American, 0.2% Native American, 1.3% Asian, 0.3% from other races, and 4.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.8% of the population.

Public schools in the area are operated by Regional School Unit (RSU) 75. There are two elementary schools, Williams-Cone School and Woodside Elementary. The middle school is Mt. Ararat Middle School, and the high school is Mt. Ararat High School.





Nayaganj

Nayaganj is a village in Vaishali District, Bihar, India. It is very close to the river Ganga. It is also a postal office of India

Margo MacDonald

Margo MacDonald (19 April 1943 – 4 April 2014) was a Scottish politician and television and radio presenter. She was a member of the Scottish National Party (SNP), Member of Parliament (MP) and Deputy Leader. She was later an Independent Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the Lothian region. She was also a schoolteacher and assisted suicide campaigner.

MacDonald was born in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire. She was married to Peter MacDonald from 1965 until their divorce. They had two daughters, Petra and Zoe. She was later married to politician Jim Sillars until her death.

MacDonald died from Parkinson's disease on 4 April 2014 at her home in Edinburgh. She was 70.


Nematophyte

The Nematophytes are a paraphyletic group of land organisms, probably including some plants as well as algae. They are known only from the fossil record, from the Silurian period until the early Devonian Rhynie chert. 

The lack of a clear definition of the nematophytes has led to it being used as a wastebasket taxon. All manner of tubes and cell-patterned cuticles from the Silurian are called "nematophytic".

Edwin Kagin

Edwin Frederick Kagin, (November 26, 1940 – March 27, 2014) was an American lawyer. He was a founder of Camp Quest which was the first secular summer camp in the United States for the children of secularists, atheists, agnostics, brights, skeptics, naturalists and freethinkers. He was also the National Legal Director of American Atheists from 2006 until his death in 2014. He was born in Greenville, South Carolina.

Kagin's wife died in 2010. He died from heart disease on March 27, 2014 in Union, Kentucky. He was 73 years old. He was cremated. He was outlived by his four adult children.

Paul Salamunovich

Paul Salamunovich, (June 7, 1927 – April 3, 2014) was an American choral conductor and educator. He was the Music Director of the Los Angeles Master Chorale from 1991 to 2001. He also served as Director of Music at St. Charles Borromeo Church in North Hollywood, Los Angeles in California from 1949 to 2009. He was born in Redondo Beach, California to Croatian parents.

Salamunovich died from the West Nile virus on April 3, 2014 at a hospital in Sherman Oaks, California. He was 86 years old. He was outlived by his wife and their four sons.


AlunaGeorge

AlunaGeorge are Aluna Francis and George Reid, two electronic musicians from London.
In 2009 Francis and Reid met when Reid remixed Francis' band My Toys Like Me's song "Sweetheart". AlunaGeorge's first album "Body Music" was released by Island Records.


Blackburn, West Lothian

Blackburn is a small town in West Lothian. About 5,000 people live in Blackburn. It is twenty miles west of Edinburgh.

¡Uno!

¡Uno! is the ninth studio album by American punk rock band, Green Day. "¡Uno!" was released on September 21, 2012. It is the first album in the ¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, ¡Tré! trilogy.

The album featured the singles "Oh Love", "Kill the DJ", and "Let Yourself Go".

Lead singer and guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong said in February 2012 that the band was in the studio, recording music for the album. He said in a statement, "We are at the most prolific and creative time in our lives... This is the best music we've ever written, and the songs just keep coming. Instead of making one album, we are making a three album trilogy. Every song has the power and energy that represents Green Day on all emotional levels. We just can't help ourselves ... We are going epic as fuck!"

¡Dos!

¡Dos! is the tenth studio album by American punk rock band, Green Day. "¡Dos!" was released on November 9, 2012. It is the second album in the ¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, ¡Tré! trilogy.

The album featured the single "Stray Heart".

The songs "Stop When the Red Lights Flash", "Amy" and "Nightlife" were featured on the episode "Unspoken" of "". Their song "Stop When the Red Lights Flash" is also featured on the soundtrack of the 2012 racing video game, "".

Cloisonné

Cloisonné, a French word meaning "enclosed", is a metal-working technique. It is an ancient technique for decorating metalwork objects. The resulting objects can also be called "cloisonné". 

The decoration is formed by first adding compartments or cells to the metal object. This is done by soldering or sticking silver or gold wires or thin strips placed on edge. These are visible in the finished piece, separating the different compartments.

Coloured enamel is the usual filling for the cells. Cloisonné enamel objects are worked on with enamel powder made into a paste, which then is fired in a kiln. In older times inlays of cut gemstones were often used. 
The technique was in ancient times mostly used for jewellery and small fittings for clothes, weapons or similar small objects. They were decorated with geometric or schematic designs, with thick cloison walls. In the Byzantine Empire a technique with thinner wires were developed. This let pictorial images to be made. It was mostly used for religious images and jewellery, and by then always using enamel. By the 14th century this enamel technique had spread to China, where it was soon used for much larger vessels such as bowls and vases. The technique is common in China to the present day. Cloisonné enamel objects using Chinese-derived styles were produced in the West from the 18th century.

The earliest surviving cloisonné pieces are rings in graves from 12th century BC Cyprus, using very thin wire.

Tommy Lynn Sells

Tommy Lynn Sells (June 28, 1964 – April 3, 2014) was an American serial killer. Sells is believed to have committed at least 22 murders.

Sells and his twin sister were born in Kingsport, Tennessee. She died of meningitis at 18 months old. He was raised in Holcomb, Missouri by his aunt. 

Sells was a homeless heavy drinker and drug addict who travelled across the United States. Prior to being prosecuted for murder, he had served prison sentences for theft and malicious wounding. He was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, personality disorders, addictions and psychosis. 

Sells' killing spree lasted from 1980 until 1999. He was caught on January 2, 2000. Sells was convicted of murder. He was executed on April 3, 2014 with lethal injection in Huntsville, Texas, aged 49.

¡Tré!

¡Tré! is the eleventh studio album by American punk rock band, Green Day. "¡Tré!" was released on December 7, 2012. It is the third and last album in the "¡Uno!", "¡Dos!", "¡Tré!" trilogy.

The album featured the single "X-Kid". The album debuted at #13 on the "US Billboard 200" chart and the first-week sales were 58,000 copies in the United States.

Autonomous underwater vehicle

An autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) is a robot like a submarine that can be used for underwater searches.

All Star (song)

"All Star" is a 1999 American rock song from Smash Mouth. It was released on May 4, 1999. It was the second single off their album "Astro Lounge".

"All Star" hit #2 on the "Billboard" Modern Tracks Chart and #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song got positive reviews from the critics. It lasts three minutes and twenty one seconds.

The song has been used in the 1999 movies Mystery Men and Inspector Gadget.
The song was most notably used in the beginning of the first Shrek movie where Shrek relaxes at his swamp with the song playing.

Israel Railways

Israel Railways Company Ltd. (also called Israel Railways; , "") is the only rail transport company in Israel.


Tendring

Tendring is a borough in the north-east of Essex in the East of England. It was created on 1 April 1974. Its population is about 140,000, a high proportion of whom are older people or senior citizens. The largest settlement is Clacton-on-Sea, which has over a third of the borough's people, it was called a deprived area by many.

José Wilker

José Wilker de Almeida (20 August 1947 – 5 April 2014) was a Brazilian actor and director. His acting and directing roles include: "Xica da Silva" (1976), "Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands" (1976), "Professor Kranz tedesco di Germania" (1978), "Bye Bye Brazil" (1979), "The Man in the Black Cape" (1986), "Besame Mucho" (1986), "Subway to the Stars" (1987), "Medicine Man" (1992), "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" (2005), "The Greatest Love of All" (2006), "Casa da Mãe Joana" (2008), and "Casa da Mãe Joana 2" (2013). He was born in Juazeiro do Norte, Ceará.

Wilker died from a heart attack on 5 April 2014 at his home in Rio de Janeiro. He was 66 years old.

Vincent Schiavelli

Vincent Andrew Schiavelli (November 11, 1948 – December 26, 2005) was an American character actor in movies and on television. 

Schiavelli was born in Brooklyn, New York City into a Sicilian-American family.

Schiavelli is known for appearing in Miloš Forman movies. Movies he starred include "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", "Amadeus", "The People vs. Larry Flynt", and "Valmont".

Schiavelli died on December 26, 2005 from lung cancer in Polizzi Generosa, Sicily, Italy, aged 57.


Peter Matthiessen

Peter Matthiessen (May 22, 1927 – April 5, 2014) was an American novelist, naturalist, and wilderness writer. He is known for his books "The Snow Leopard" and "In the Spirit of Crazy Horse".

Matthiessen died on April 5, 2014 from leukemia in Sagaponack, New York, aged 86.

Corporate title

Publicly and privately held for-profit corporations give corporate titles or business titles to company officials to identify their job. Many colleges and universities also use corporate titles. Some places require corporations to have certain officers such as president, secretary, and treasurer. The top executives in senior management are usually the chief executive officer (CEO), chief operations officer (COO), and chief financial officer (CFO).

Jimmy Hill

James William Thomas "Jimmy" Hill OBE (22 July 1928 – 19 December 2015) was an English football personality. 

His career has taken in every role in football, including player, union leader, coach, manager, director, chairman, television executive, presenter, analyst and match official.

Hill was born in Balham, London. His father was a World War I veteran. He studied at Henry Thornton Grammar School.

Hill started playing in 1949 with Brentford, making 87 appearances before moving to Fulham in March 1952. He played nearly 300 games, scoring 52 goals. In 1957, he became chairman of the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA)

In November 1961, after retiring as a player aged 33, Hill became manager of Coventry City. His time at Coventry was marked by great changes to the club, nicknamed "The Sky Blue Revolution".

After winning the Division Three championship in 1963–64, and the Division Two title in 1966–67, Hill quit the club shortly before the start of the 1967–68 season. 

After leaving Coventry in 1967, Hill moved into broadcasting, acting as technical adviser for the BBC. In 1999, Hill moved from the BBC to Sky Sports, where he featured on "Jimmy Hill's Sunday Supplement". It was a weekly discussion show between Hill and three football journalists talking over a Sunday breakfast.

In 2007, he was replaced from the show because of his ill health.

Hill married three times, having three children by his first wife, Gloria, and two by his second, Heather. In September 2013 it was revealed that he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2008.

Hill died from the disease on 19 December 2015 in Hurstpierpoint, West Sussex at the age of 87.

Scott Kalvert

Scott Kalvert (August 15, 1964 – March 5, 2014) was an American director, producer and writer. His best known movies are "The Basketball Diaries" (1995), "Deuces Wild" (2002) and "A Very School Gyrls Holla-Day" (2010). He was also a music video director for artists such as Cyndi Lauper, Snoop Doggy Dogg, DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince, Bobby Brown, Taylor Dayne, Deep Blue Something, Billy Ocean, Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch, LL Cool J, Samantha Fox, Eric B. & Rakim and Salt 'n' Pepa. He was born in New York City, New York.

Kalvert was found dead on March 5, 2014 at his home in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California from an apparent suicide. He was 49 years old.

Miloš Mikeln

Miloš Mikeln (23 May 1930 – 2 April 2014) was a Slovenian journalist, playwright, theatre director and writer. He was president of Slovene PEN and was the "pobudnik" of the "Writers for Peace Committee", founded in 1984. He was also a member of the Slovene Writers' Association. His best known works were "Veliki voz" (1992), "Poročnik z Vipote" (2002) and "Mesto ob reki" (2008).

Mikeln was born in Celje, Kingdom of Yugoslavia (now in Slovenia). He studied at the University of Ljubljana.

Mikeln died from natural causes on 2 April 2014 in Ljubljana. She was 83 years old.


José Aguilar (boxer)

José Aguilar Pulsar (24 November 1958 – 4 April 2014) was a Cuban boxer. He won the light-welterweight bronze medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.

Aguilar from a stroke on 4 April 2014 in Guantánamo, Guantánamo Province. He was 55 years old.


Régine Deforges

Régine Deforges (15 August 1935 – 3 April 2014) was a French writer, editor, director and playwright. Her best known works for "Le Cahier volé" (1978), "La Bicyclette bleue" (1981), "101, avenue Henri-Martin" (1983), "Le Diable en rit encore" (1985) and "Noir tango" (1991). She was born in Montmorillon, Vienne.

Deforges died from a heart attack on 3 April 2014 in Paris. She was 78 years old.

Fyvush Finkel

Philip "Fyvush" Finkel (October 9, 1922 – August 14, 2016) was an American actor, singer and comedian. He is best known for his role as lawyer Douglas Wambaugh on the television series "Picket Fences" and as Harvey Lipschultz, a crotchety U.S. history teacher, on the television series "Boston Public". He earned an Emmy Award for the first role in 1994.

Finkel was born in Brownsville, Brooklyn of New York City, New York. He was married to playwright Gertrude Lieberman from 1947 until her death in 2008. They had two sons together, Ian and Elliot. Finkel died of a heart attack in Manhattan, New York on August 14, 2016, aged 93.

Hell Creek Formation

The Hell Creek Formation is a series of rocks where fossil dinosaurs are found. The strata are mostly Upper Cretaceous and some lower Paleocene rocks in North America. 

The name comes from Hell Creek, near Jordan, Montana. The formation includes portions of Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wyoming. 

It is a series of fresh and brackish-water clays, mudstones, and sandstones deposited during the end of the Cretaceous period and the beginning of the Palaeogene. It was laid down in river channels and deltas, and occasional peaty swamp deposits. along the low-lying eastern margin of the Western Interior Seaway. 

The climate was mild, and the presence of crocodilians suggests a sub-tropical climate, with no prolonged annual cold. The famous iridium-enriched Cretaceous–Palaeogene boundary, which separates the Cretaceous from the Cenozoic, is a distinct thin bedding. It is above and occasionally within the formation, near its boundary with the overlying Fort Union Formation.

The world's largest collection of Hell Creek fossils is housed and exhibited at the Museum of the Rockies, in Bozeman, Montana. The specimens displayed are the result of the museum's Hell Creek Project. This is a joint effort between the museum, Montana State University, the University of California, Berkeley, the University of North Dakota and the University of North Carolina. The project began in 1998.

The fossils discovered include all types of late Cretceous dinosaurs, fish, amphibia, and other reptiles such as turtles, crocodylomorphs, and squamata (snakes & lizards).

Mammals are plentiful in the Hell Creek Formation. They include multituberculates, metatherians, and eutherians. 

Rolf Harris

Rolf Victor Harris (30 March 1930 – 10 May 2023) was an Australian musician, singer-songwriter, composer, painter, actor, former television personality and former swimmer. He was in prison for sexually assaulting girls.

Harris was born on 30 March 1930 in Bassendean, Perth, Western Australia, to Agnes Margaret (née Robbins) and Cromwell ("Crom") Harris, who had both emigrated from Cardiff, Wales. He grew up in Wembley, Western Australia. He was named after Rolf Boldrewood, the pseudonym of an Australian writer whom his mother admired. After his later fame, Harris was often referred to as "the boy from Bassendean" within Australia. As a child he owned a dog called Buster Fleabags, about whom he later wrote a book (for the UK Quick Reads Initiative).

Harris attended Bassendean State School and Perth Modern School in Subiaco, later gaining a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Western Australia and a Diploma of Education from Claremont Teachers' College (now Edith Cowan University). While he was just 16, and still a student at Perth Modern School, his self-portrait in oils was one of the 80 works (out of 200 submitted) accepted to be hung in the Art Gallery of New South Wales as an entry in the 1947 Archibald Prize. He painted a portrait of the then Lieutenant Governor of Western Australia, Sir James Mitchell, for the 1948 Archibald Prize. He won the 1949 Claude Hotchin prize for oil colours with his landscape "On a May Morning, Guildford".

As an adolescent and young adult Harris was a champion swimmer. In 1946, he was the Australian Junior Backstroke Champion. He was also the Western Australian state champion over a variety of distances and strokes during the period from 1948 to 1952.

Harris began his television career on the BBC in 1953. He was best known for his art television shows such as "Rolfin bed", "Rolf's Cartoon Club" and "Animal Hospital". In 2005, he painted an official portrait of Queen Elizabeth II in his bed. His best known songs are "Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport" (1957) and "Jake the Peg" (1965). He also appeared on children's show The Wiggles on their It's a Wiggly Wiggly World! video in 2000 with his song "Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport" which was also once a major hit in Australia, the UK and the US.

In 2013, Harris was arrested under Operation Yewtree, which was set up to investigate complaints of sexual assault by television personality and paedophile Jimmy Savile, who died on 29 October 2011. Harris appeared on advertisements for British Paints which is an Australian brand of paint.

Later that year, Harris was charged with twelve counts of having indecent assaulted girls aged 7 to 19 during the 1960s and 1980s. After his computer was seized by police, he was also charged with four counts of making indecent images of a child during 2012. Harris was interviewed and cautioned by police on November 2012. His trial was due to begin in London on 30 April 2014 but was postponed to 6 May 2014. He said he was innocent. He denied all wrongdoing. He also refused to speak to the media and his defence lawyer said that he would plead not guilty to all of the charges. While awaiting trial on 15 January 2014 when he appeared in a London court with his family, supporters and his security guards, it was decided that Harris would be bailed to stay at his home with his wife until the time when trial starts. He was not allowed to go near anyone under 18 or to contact any of the witnesses. He denied any wrongdoing. Harris' trial began at Southwark Crown Court on 6 May 2014. At the trial it was revealed that Harris was a 'Jekyll and Hyde' character, whose immense talent and public generosity to children and animals hid a darker side - he was sexually attracted to young girls. On 19 June 2014, the jury in the Rolf Harris trial retired to consider its verdict. On 30 June 2014, Harris was found guilty on all 12 counts of indecent assault making him the second person to be convicted under Operation Yewtree after Max Clifford. On 4 July 2014, Harris was sentenced to five years and nine months in prison. The sentence was later referred to the Attorney General for England and Wales Dominic Grieve after complaints it was too lenient. On 30 July 2014, the new Attorney General, Jeremy Wright, announced that he would not be referring the sentence to the court of appeal for review "as he did not think they would find it to be unduly lenient and increase it. The sentencing judge was bound by the maximum sentence in force at the time of the offending."

Harris was stripped of his BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award after his conviction. Alison Pink (now Steven George since a sex reassignment) who says that he was abused by Jimmy Savile while a woman said that he (then she) once witnessed Rolf Harris visiting Broadmoor Hospital with Savile and they turned up at a woman's ward just as patients were preparing to get undressed in the corridor.

When Harris was convicted his hometown of Bassendean in Perth voted to remove his artwork from their council chambers and to strip him off his status as a Freeman of the town. The Western Australian Department of Education confirmed that Perth Modern School would be removing all artwork by Rolf Harris from display following his criminal conviction.

Harris was taken Bullingdon Prison in Oxfordshire, but was taken later to HM Prison Stafford in Stafford, Staffordshire after he was targeted and spat at by fellow inmates.

On 1 August 2014, Harris had applied to appeal against his indecent assault conviction and his lawyers requested permission with the Court of Appeal but on 1 November 2014, Harris lost his first round of permission to appeal. On 1 December 2014, Harris dropped his bid to appeal the sentence, meaning that he would spend the next 2 and a half years in prison, and the next half would be a non-custodial.

In 2012, he got an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) and on 23 February 2015, it was rescinded by the Governor-General of Australia.

In 2006, Harris was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE). On 4 March 2015, it was taken away by the Queen.

Harris served his sentence at HM Prison Stafford. He was released on 19 May 2017, after serving three years of his sentence of five years and nine months.

In October 2022, it was reported that Harris was suffering with neck cancer.

Harris died at his home in Bray, in Berkshire, England, on 10 May 2023, aged 93. At his funeral, the pallbearers each sported a third leg in tribute to his song "Jake the Peg".

Balham

Balham is an area in the London Borough of Wandsworth. Its postcode is SW12.

Bobcat Goldthwait

Robert Francis "Bobcat" Goldthwait (born May 26, 1964) is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and director. He is known for his energetic stage personality and his gruff, high-pitched voice. Some movies that he has directed are "Sleeping Dogs Lie" (2006), "World's Greatest Dad" (2009) and "God Bless America" (2011). His voice acting credits include "Hercules" (1997) and "Leroy & Stitch" (2006). He has also had guest appearances on television shows like "MADtv", "Bob's Burgers", "Regular Show", "Adventure Time", "Fish Hooks", "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch", "Married... with Children" and "The Simpsons".

Goldthwait was born in Syracuse, New York.

Thomas Howard

Thomas Arquis Howard (July 14, 1983 – November 18, 2013) was an American football linebacker in the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Oakland Raiders in the second round of the 2006 NFL Draft and played for them until 2010. He later played for the Cincinnati Bengals (2011–12) and Atlanta Falcons (2013). He played college football for the University of Texas at El Paso. He was born and raised in Lubbock, Texas.

Howard was one of two people killed in a high speed car accident on November 18, 2013 in Oakland, California. He was 30 years old.


Harpenden

Harpenden is a town in the City of St Albans borough in Hertfordshire, England. About 30,000 people live in Harpenden. Its postcode is AL5.

City of St Albans

The City of St Albans is a borough in Hertfordshire in the East of England. About 145,000 people live there, including 60,000 in St 
Albans and 30,000 in Harpenden.

Cryovolcano

A cryovolcano (also called an "ice volcano") is a type of volcano. It erupts volatiles such as water, ammonia, or methane, instead of molten rock. Cryovolcanoes are found on icy moons and might be on other places with low temperatures, like Kuiper belt objects.

Cryovolcanoes have been found on the moons Triton and Enceladus.

Icy moon

An icy moon is a natural satellite with ice on its surface. Some icy moons might have liquid oceans under the ice.

All icy moons in the Solar System are with the giant planets. An example of an icy moon is Europa.

Boris Valábik

Boris Valábik (born February 14, 1986) is a Slovak ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for HC Kometa Brno of the Czech Extraliga (EHL). He has also played for the Atlanta Thrashers and Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Valábik played 3 seasons with the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL).

Valábik was drafted with the 10th overall pick by the Atlanta Thrashers in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He played 2 seasons with the Thrashers' AHL affiliate Chicago Wolves and was able to win the Calder Cup with them in 2007 before he was called up to the main roster in November 2008. He would play 80 games with the thrashers before he was traded along with Rich Peverley to the Boston Bruins in exchange for Blake Wheeler and Mark Stuart.


Caravel

A caravel () is a type of small sailing ship. It is easy to maneuver. It was developed in the 15th century by the Portuguese. The Portuguese used caravels to explore the West African coast and the Atlantic Ocean. Lateen sails made the caravels fast and able to sail against the wind. Caravels were used by the Portuguese to explore oceans during the 15th and 16th centuries in the Age of Discovery.

George Bookasta

George Bookasta (July 14, 1917 – March 26, 2014) was an American child actor. He appeared in many movies some with Charlie Chaplin, Humphrey Bogart, Don Ameche, Douglas Fairbanks, and Gary Cooper. 

Bookasta appeared in "It Had to Happen", "The Great O'Malley", "Forty Little Mothers", "That Night in Rio", "The Chocolate Soldier", and in "The Red Danube". 

Bookasta was born in Kansas City, Missouri. His parents were Indian actors. He studied at Hollywood High School. Bookasta died on March 26, 2014 in Saratoga Springs, New York, aged 96.

King Fleming

Walter "King" Fleming (May 4, 1922 – April 1, 2014) was an American jazz pianist and bandleader. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Between 1960 and 1965, he recorded three piano trio albums for Argo and Cadet Records, which were Phil and Leonard Chess's jazz labels. He also appeared on two singles released locally by singer George Green.

After many years during which his trio worked steadily in the Chicago area without drawing interest from the recording industry, King Fleming resurfaced on the Southport label in 1996.

Fleming died at the age of 91 at a retirement home in Manteno, Illinois on April 1, 2014.

Richard Brick

Richard Michael Brick (September 20, 1945 – April 2, 2014) was an American movie producer, professor at Columbia University, and former Commissioner of New York City’s Mayor's Office of Film, Theatre & Broadcasting. He was born in New York City.

Brick died of esophageal cancer in New York City, aged 68.


Lucy Hood

Hood died of cancer in Los Angeles on April 2, 2014, at the age of 56.

Arthur &quot;Guitar Boogie&quot; Smith

Arthur Smith (April 1, 1921 – April 3, 2014) was an American musician and songwriter. Smith was a textile mill worker who became a celebrated and respected country music instrumental composer, guitarist, fiddler, and banjo player who had a major hit with the instrumental "Guitar Boogie".

He died at his home in Charlotte, North Carolina at the age of 93.

Anja Niedringhaus

Anja Niedringhaus (12 October 1965 – 5 April 2014) was a German photojournalist. 

Niedringhaus was born in Hoxter, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany. She worked for the Associated Press (AP). She was the only woman on a team of 11 AP photographers that won the 2005 Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography for coverage of the Iraq War. That same year she was awarded the International Women's Media Foundation's Courage in Journalism Award.

Niedringhaus had covered Afghanistan for several years before she was killed on 4 April 2014. She was shot while covering the presidential election, when an Afghan policeman opened fire at the car she was waiting in at a checkpoint, part of an election convoy. He was arrested.

Zalmai Rassoul

Zalmai Rassoul (born 11 May 1943) is an Afghan politician. He served as Foreign Minister of Afghanistan from January 2010 to October 2013. He resigned in October 2013 to run for president.

Abdullah Abdullah

Abdullah Abdullah (born 5 September 1960) is an Afghan politician. He served as Foreign Minister of Afghanistan from October 2001 to April 2005. He unsuccessfully ran for President of Afghanistan in 2019.

Following the collapse of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, on 17 August 2021, leader of the Taliban-affiliated Hezb-e-Islami party Gulbuddin Hekmatyar met with both Abdullah and Karzai in Doha wanting to form a government. Former President Ashraf Ghani said that he supported such negotiations.

John Pinette

John Pinette ( ; March 23, 1964 – April 5, 2014) was an American actor and stand-up comedian. In 1999, he won the Funniest Male Stand-Up Comic title at the American Comedy Awards. He was a regular guest on "The Tonight Show" and "The View". His movie credits included "Junior" (1994), "The Punisher" (2004) and "The Last Godfather" (2010). He also appeared in the final episode of "Seinfeld" in 1998.

Pinette was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was of French and Irish ancestry.

Pinette was found dead after having a pulmonary embolism on April 5, 2014 in his room at the Sheraton Station Square Hotel in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was 50 years old.


James McAvoy

James McAvoy ( ; born 21 April 1979) is a Scottish actor. He is best known for his roles in movies such as "" (2005), "The Last King of Scotland" (2006), "Becoming Jane" (2007), "Atonement" (2007), "Wanted" (2008) and Professor X in "X-Men" film series.

McAvoy was born in Glasgow, Scotland. He was raised as a Roman Catholic. He married English actress Anne-Marie Duff on 11 November 2006, but they divorced in 2016. They have a son, Brendan (born June 2010).

McAvoy starred as adult Bill Denbrough in the 2019 horror movie "It – Chapter Two".

Renee Sands

Renee Ilene Sandstrom (born February 15, 1974), an American singer and actress. She is better known by her stage name, Renee Sands. She is best known for her role as Renee on the 1980s children's television show "Kids Incorporated" - seasons 0-4 (1983-1987).

Will Sasso

William "Will" Sasso (born May 24, 1975) is a Canadian actor and comedian. He is best known on television for his five seasons as a cast member on "MADtv" from 1997 until 2002 and for his role as Vince Goodson in the CBS program "$h*! My Dad Says" (2010–11). He also starred as Curly in the 2012 movie "The Three Stooges". In 2013, he started releasing Vine videos.

Sasso was born in Ladner, British Columbia. His parents are Italian immigrants.


Danny McBride

Daniel Richard "Danny" McBride (born December 29, 1976) is an American actor, producer, screenwriter and stand-up comedian. His movie roles included "Pineapple Express" (2008), "Despicable Me" (2010) and "Your Highness" (2011). He was born in Statesboro, Georgia.

Adonis

Adonis was the Greek god of beauty and desire. His religion belonged to women.
Adonis was the deity of plants. He is known as a god who was forever young, the one who would live and die only to be born again. This cycle is repeated without end. The cult of Adonis is made up of of women, as it is evident from the 2,600-year-old remains found on the island of Lesbos.

Athenian women planted the "garden of Adonis" where the seeds would spring to life and then die to be reborn a few months later. The festival of Adonis was celebrated in mid-summer when fennel and lettuce were harvested. Unfortunately, these plants would wither very quickly and the women would mourn their decline as the death of the youthful Adonis.

Hal Douglas

Harold "Hal" Douglas (born Harold Cohen; September 1, 1924 – March 7, 2014) was an American voice actor. He was best known for performing thousands of voice-overs for movie trailers, television commercials, and stage plays. His career as lasted for sixty years.

Merimeri Penfold

Merimeri Penfold (née Roberts, 26 May 1920 – 1 April 2014) was a New Zealand Māori educator. She is thought to have been the first Māori woman to teach Māori language at a New Zealand university.

Drew Stafford

Drew Stafford (born October 30, 1985) is an American ice hockey right winger. He currently plays for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Buffalo Sabres. Other than hockey, Stafford has also been the guitarist for the bands Invisible Children and Red Seal Peach.

Before playing in the NHL, Stafford played 3 years of college ice hockey at the University of North Dakota.

Stafford was drafted with the 13th overall pick by the Buffalo Sabres in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He started his professional career playing with the Sabres' AHL affiliate, the Rochester Americans. During his time in the AHL, Stafford played for Planet USA during the AHL All-Star Classic in 2006-07. On June 3, 2011, he signed a 4-year, $16 million contract extension with the Sabres.

On February 11, 2015, the Sabres traded Stafford along with Tyler Myers, Brendan Lemieux, Joel Armia and a first-round draft pick to the Winnipeg Jets in exchange for Evander Kane, Zach Bogosian and the right to goaltending prospect Jason Kasdorf.

David Hannay

David Hannay (23 June 1939 – 31 March 2014) was an New Zealand-Australian movie producer. He worked with Greater Union and was an independent producer from 1977. Hannay was born in New Zealand.

Hannay died on 31 March 2014 from cancer, aged 74.

Wayne Henderson

Wayne Henderson (September 24, 1939 – April 5, 2014) was an American soul jazz and hard bop trombonist and record producer. In 1961, he co-founded the soul jazz/hard bop group The Jazz Crusaders.

Henderson died in Los Angeles, California at the age of 74.

Joe Turkel

Joe Turkel (July 15, 1927 - June 27, 2022) is an American character actor of movie and television. He is mostly known for his roles in "Blade Runner" and in "The Shining".

Turkel was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

The Shining (movie)

The Shining is a 1980 American-British horror drama movie. It is set during winter in a hotel in rural Colorado. It was directed by Stanley Kubrick. It is based on Stephen King's book of the same name. The movie stars Jack Nicholson, Shelley Duvall, Danny Lloyd, and Scatman Crothers. It was released on May 23, 1980. Reviews improved greatly over the years a titled "The Dining" special in November 2015.

Jonathan Rhys Meyers

Jonathan Rhys Meyers (born Jonathan Michael Francis O'Keeffe; 27 July 1977) is an Irish actor, movie producer and model. He is best known for his roles in the movies "Velvet Goldmine" (1998), "Bend It Like Beckham" (2002), "Match Point" (2005), "" (2006), "August Rush" (2007) and "From Paris with Love" (2010).

Rhys Meyers was born in Drimnagh, Dublin and raised in Cork, County Cork in a Roman Catholic family.

Tenerife airport disaster

The Tenerife airport disaster happened on March 27, 1977, when two Boeing 747s collided on the ground of Los Rodeos Airport (now Tenerife North Airport). This crash killed 583 people on board the two flights.

The crash was caused for multiple reasons. 

The KLM captain wanted to takeoff quickly so that he could return to Amsterdam as soon as possible. Because of a radio heterodyne, this made him misunderstand a partly garbled transmission into thinking that he was cleared by the Air Traffic Controller to takeoff, and so he began his takeoff roll, not knowing that the Pan American 747 was still on the runway.. At that time, the Tenerife North Airport did not have ground radar, so the controllers could not know that the KLM flight was taking off.

Another reason was the fog surrounding the airport. The bad weather reduced the visibility, meaning both pilots and the controllers could not see. Because of the fog, the pilots only saw each other at the last minute, when prevention of the crash was impossible. If there was no fog, the KLM crew would have seen the Pan Am plane on the runway and would not have taken off.

During the takeoff roll of KLM 4805, the crew of the Pan Am radioed that they were still taxiing down the runway. The KLM flight crew heard this and asked themselves if the Pan American was still on the runway, to which the captain then replied "oh yes".

A few seconds later, the crew of both aircraft spot each other, the captain of the Pan Am exclaiming, "there he is, that goddamn son of a bitch is coming, he's coming", and "get off, get off, get off", as full thrust was applied in an attempt to get his aircraft off the runway out of the way of the oncoming KLM.

In an attempt to leave the ground before collision, the captain rotates his aircraft, causing a tailstrike that lasts a few hundred feet. Just as the KLM leaves the ground, both 747s collide and explode, dealing major damage to the almost stationary Pan Am airplane. The KLM, without engines and main landing gear, descends back down to the runway and crashes, skidding along the pavement and explodes, killing everyone on board.

It was the worst accident in the history of aviation.

John Hawkes (actor)

John Hawkes (born John Marvin Perkins; September 11, 1959) is an American actor and musician. His best known movie appearances are the Academy Award nominated role as Teardrop in "Winter's Bone" and his Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award nominated role as Mark O'Brien in "The Sessions". On television, he is known for his role as Sol Star on the HBO television shows "Deadwood" and as Dustin Powers on "Eastbound & Down".

Hawkes was born in Alexandria, Minnesota.

Clive Owen

Clive Owen (born 3 October 1964) is an English actor. He won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA Award and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the drama movie "Closer" (2004). He also gained fame for his roles in "Close My Eyes" (1991), "Croupier" (1998), "Sin City" (2005), "Derailed" (2005) "Inside Man" (2006), "Children of Men" (2006), and "The International" (2009). He is best known on television for his leading role in the ITV program "Chancer" from 1990 to 1991.

Owen was born in Coventry, Warwickshire. He has been married to Sarah-Jane Fenton since 1995. They have two daughters, Hannah and Eve. He is a supporter of the football club Liverpool.

Thomas Haden Church

Thomas Haden Church (born Thomas Richard McMillen; June 17, 1960) is an American actor, movie director and screenwriter. He first became known when co-starring in the 1990s sitcom "Wings". He is best known for his movie appearances including as his Academy Award-nominated role in "Sideways" (2004) and his role as the Sandman in "Spider-Man 3" (2007) and "" (2021). He also directed the independent movie "Rolling Kansas" (2003).

Church was born in Woodland, California. He has two children with actress Mia Zottoli.

V. K. Murthy

V. K. Murthy (; 26 November 1923 – 7 April 2014) was an Indian cinematographer. During his career, he won two Filmfare Awards in the best cinematographer category. His best known movies are "Pyaasa" (1957), "Kaagaz Ke Phool" (1959) and "Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam" (1962). For each of those movies, he won a Filmfare Award. He was born in Mysore, Kingdom of Mysore and lived in Mumbai for most of his life.

Murthy died on 7 April 2014 at his home in Bangalore, India. He was 90 years old.

Miranda Kerr

Miranda Kerr (born 20 April 1983) is an Australian writer and model. She became famous in 2007 as one of the Victoria's Secret angels.

Kerr began modeling at age 13. She started several organic skincare products.

Miranda Kerr was born in Sydney.

Victoria's Secret

Victoria's Secret is an American company. It is the largest American seller of lingerie. It was founded in 1977 in San Francisco by Roy Raymond. Its headquarters are in Columbus, Ohio. The sales in 2012 were $6.12 billion. The company sells lingerie, women's clothing, and beauty products through catalogs and physical stores.

Angels is one of Victoria's Secret's lingerie lines. It was started in 1997 with a commercial featuring Helena Christensen, Karen Mulder, Daniela Peštová, Stephanie Seymour, and Tyra Banks as well as rock star Tom Jones. The commercial was a major success. The Angels began to be featured in various commercials, alongside other contract models. In February 1998, the Angels made their runway debut at Victoria's Secret's 4th annual fashion show. Chandra North filled in for Christensen.

Typically, one model is chosen among the Angels to wear a bejeweled bra called the "Fantasy Bra". It was first advertised in the Victoria's Secret catalog. But since 2001 it has been worn in the Fashion Shows. Prior to each Fashion Show, Victoria's Secret contracts a famous jewelry designer to create the bra to promote the fashion show. The company offers the Fantasy Bra for sale as "the ultimate holiday" gift. But only the fantasy bras from the 2004 Heavenly "70" Fantasy Bra and the 2012 Floral Fantasy Bra and Gift Set have found buyers. If not bought, the bras are taken apart after a year.

Heidi Klum and Adriana Lima have worn the Fantasy Bra in three different years. Gisele Bündchen, Tyra Banks, Karolína Kurková, and Alessandra Ambrosio have each worn two Fantasy Bras.

The $15 million price tag for the 2000 bra worn by Gisele Bündchen earned a place in the "Guinness World Records" as the most expensive item of lingerie ever created. The $3 million 2009 Harlequin Fantasy Bra and the $2 million 2010 Bombshell Fantasy Bra were designed by Damiani. Listed below are the prices per set (including accessories for the 2007 and 2013 editions, the 2013 bra alone is worth $8,000,000). The 2012 Floral Fantasy Bra was accompanied by a $500,000 perfume bottle. In 2014, for the first time, two fantasy bras were created. They were worn by Alessandra Ambrosio and Adriana Lima and were valued at $2,000,000 each.


<br>

Lingerie

Lingerie is a term for women's underclothes. In advertising, it suggests fashionable and alluring undergarments. Materials include silk, cotton, polyester, satin, nylon and lace.

The 20th century brought big changes in women's underwear. The idea of lingerie as a visually appealing undergarment was developed in the late nineteenth century by Lady Duff-Gordon of 'Lucile'. She was a pioneer in developing lingerie that freed women from more restrictive corsets.

The word "lingerie" comes from "linge", meaning 'washables' in French. "Faire le linge" is "do the laundry" in French.

Brassieres (also known as bras), knickers and negligees are basic examples of female lingerie.

Pittsburg State University

Pittsburg State University is a university in the city of Pittsburg, Kansas. It has around 7,100 students, 5,900 who are undergraduates, and 1,200 who are graduate students. Most of the students live near Pittsburg. There are around the same number of boys as girls. A little more than three fourths of the students are Americans. For every 19 students there is 1 teacher or staff member. It is a member of the Kansas Board of Regents. Pittsburg State has endowments worth around $40,000,000. It also has a newspaper run by students called the "Collegio."

Pittsburg State University has a 223-acre campus. This campus also houses the Kansas Technology Center, which is a state-of-the-art technology program.

Pittsburg State has the following schools:


Murder-Set-Pieces

Murder-Set-Pieces is a melodramatic horror movie of 2004. The movie has themes of lust, rape and cannibalism.

This movie was given a limited release as an NC-17 (no children 17 or under). It was later released by Lions Gate Home Entertainment with an R rating. The United Kingdom banned the movie.

Grant Wood

Grant DeVolson Wood (February 13, 1891 – February 12, 1942) was an American painter. He painted the famous "American Gothic". He was 26 when he began his career.

His main painting style included a mix of stippling and cross-hatching. He usually painted on beaverboard. His preferred paints were oils and tempera.

Wood studied several different ways to paint during his trips to Europe. The paintings of artist Jan van Eyck convinced him to put new styles in his art.


Devan Dubnyk

Devan Dubnyk (born May 4, 1986) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Edmonton Oilers, Nashville Predators, Arizona Coyotes, Minnesota Wild, San Jose Sharks, and the Colorado Avalanche. He was born in Regina, Saskatchewan but grew up in Calgary, Alberta.

Before playing in the NHL, Dubnyk played 5 years with the Kamloops Blazers of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He also played 1 season with the Stockton Thunder of the ECHL. During his time with the Blazers, he was named the CHL Scholastic Player of the Year as the major-junior player that was best able to combine success on the ice and in school in 2004.

Dubnyk was drafted with the 14th overall pick by the Edmonton Oilers in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He made his NHL debut with the Oilers on November 28, 2009 in a 7–3 loss to the Vancouver Canucks. He recorded his first NHL win on March 21, 2010 in a 5–1 victory over the San Jose Sharks. He was re-signed to a two-year contract by the Oilers on July 13, 2010.

On January 15, 2014, the Oilers traded Dubnyk to the Nashville Predators for Matt Hendricks. Dubnyk started 2 games for the Predators and was sent down to the AHL to make room for Pekka Rinne who was returning from injury. On March 5, 2014, the Predators traded Dubnyk to the Montreal Canadiens for future considerations.

On July 1, 2014, Dubnyk signed one-year contract with the Arizona Coyotes.

On January 14, 2015, the Coyotes traded Dubnyk to the Minnesota Wild in exchange for a 3rd-round pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

On October 29, 2022, Dubnyk announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey.


Anal beads

Anal beads are a sex toy. They are beads on a string. They are put into the anus of a woman or man for sexual arousal. They can be made of many different materials, such as rubber, metal or glass.

Tahini

Tahini is a Middle Eastern dip made from sesame seeds. It is used to make some traditional foods like hummus.


Rose water

Rose water (; "golāb") is a distillate of rose petals originating in Persian cuisine. It is used in Persian, Arabic, and Greek food. It is also used as a perfume.


Orange flower water

Orange flower water is a distillate of bitter orange flowers. It is used in Middle Eastern and North African cooking.



Kanafeh

Kanafeh is a Middle Eastern cake. It is made from cheese and Kadaif.

Tea bag

A tea bag is a small bag of tea leaves. It is put in a cup with boiling water to turn it into tea. They can be made of paper or silk. A tea bag is often removed with a teaspoon, some have a string to remove it.

Kadaif

Kadaif noodles are a type of thin noodles. They are made of flour and water that is poured through a sieve onto a hot metal cooking tray. The cooking time is very short. They are used to make Middle Eastern desserts and other foods around the Mediterranean Sea. It is a popular item used in desserts like Kadayif or Kanafeh.

The dough is made out of flour and water, combined into a thick batter. The batter is poured into a perforated tin having about fifteen "teeth." This tin is held over a metal hot plate. As the batter is poured through the tin onto the hot metal, the kadaife partially cooks and dries into long thin strands resembling noodles or shredded wheat. It is tightly rolled up into oblong rolls and packaged.


Anker Buch

Anker Buch (25 March 1940 – 1 April 2014) was a Danish violinist. He was born in Vejgaard. He gained international recognition and played more than 7,000 concerts in most parts of the world. 

When Buch was 10 years old, he made his debut as a soloist at the Odd Fellow Palace in Aalborg.

Buch died on 1 April 2014 surrounded by his family members, aged 74.

Craig Biggio

Craig Biggio (born December 14, 1965) is an American former professional baseball player. He played for the Houston Astros between 1988 and 2007. He never played for another Major League Baseball team.

Mary Anderson

Mary Anderson (April 3, 1918 – April 6, 2014) was an American actress. She appeared in 31 movies and 22 television productions between 1939 and 1965. She was known for her role as Maybelle Merriweather in the 1939 movie classic "Gone with the Wind". Anderson was born in Birmingham, Alabama.

Anderson died on April 6, 2014 in Burbank, California from natural causes, aged 96.

Carlos Oneto

Carlos Alberto Oneto Villavicencio (5 May 1929 – 1 April 2014) was a Peruvian actor, television personality, and comedian. He was known as "Pantuflas" (Slippers). He created the comedy group "EL Tornillo" (The Screw).

Oneto died on 1 April 2014 in his hometown of Lima, Peru, aged 84.

Leo Bretholz

Leo Bretholz (March 6, 1921 – March 8, 2014) was an Austrian writer and holocaust survivor. In 1942, he escaped from a train heading for Auschwitz. He has also written a book on his experiences, titled "Leap into Darkness".

Bretholz died in Pikesville, Maryland from natural causes, aged 93.

Wrotham

Wrotham is a village in Tonbridge and Malling, Kent, England. Nearly 2,000 people live in Wrotham. Its postcode is TN15.

Shinsuke Nakamura

At Invasion Attack 2014 on April 6, Nakamura defeated Hiroshi Tanahashi to win the IWGP Intercontinental Championship for the third time in his career. On June 21 at Dominion 6.21, Nakamura was defeated by Bad Luck Fale for the championship. Nakamura took part in the 2014 G1 Climax. In his block, he was able to win eight times and only suffered two losses. He was able to make it to the finals but lost to his Chaos stablemate Kazuchika Okada on August 10.

In 2016, Nakamura joined WWE. He began on the NXT brand, where he became a two-time NXT Champion. On their main roster, he won the 2018 men's Royal Rumble match, the United States and Intercontinental Championship both twice (making him the second wrestler after Chris Jericho to become WWE and IWGP Intercontinental Champion) and the SmackDown Tag Team Championship with Cesaro.



Paula Yates

Paula Elizabeth Yates (24 April 1959 – 17 September 2000) was a British television presenter and writer. She was best known for her work on two television programmes, "The Tube" (1982–87) and "The Big Breakfast" (1992–85).

Yates was born in Colwyn Bay, north Wales. She was married to Irish musician Bob Geldof. Their children were Fifi Trixibelle Geldof (born 1983), Peaches Honeyblossom Geldof (1989–2014) and Little Pixie Geldof (born 1990). She was married to Geldof from 1986 until their divorce in 1996. She began a relationship with Australian musician Michael Hutchence. They had a daughter, Heavenly Hiraani Tiger Lily Hutchence Geldof (born 1996). In 1997, Hutchence killed himself. Soon after, Bob Geldof took full custody of their three children. 

Yates died from an accidental heroin overdose having been found dead on 17 September 2000 at her home in London, England. She was 41. After Yates' death, Geldof got custody of Tiger Lily, and later adopted her. Her daughter, Peaches, died from the same cause in April 2014.

Robert Forster

Robert Wallace Forster, Jr. (July 13, 1941 – October 11, 2019) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Max Cherry in Quentin Tarantino's "Jackie Brown" (1997), which got him an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. He is also known for his roles as John Cassellis in Haskell Wexler's "Medium Cool" (1969).

Forster was born in Rochester, New York, the son of Grace Dorothy (née Montanarella) and Robert Wallace Forster, Sr., who worked as an elephant trainer for the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus and later as an executive for a baking supply company His mother was Italian American, while his father was of English and Irish descent. The couple divorced in 1949.

Forster died on October 11, 2019 at the age of 78 from brain cancer in Los Angeles.



Armin Mueller-Stahl

Armin Mueller-Stahl (born 17 December 1930) is a German actor, painter, writer and musician. He is best known for his Academy Award nominated role as Peter Helfgott in the "Shine" (1996).

Mueller-Stahl was born in Tilsit, East Prussia, German Empire (now Sovetsk, Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia). He moved to Berlin during World War II. He has been married to Gabriele Scholz since 1973. The couple live in Los Angeles, California.

Olympic Hockey Nagano '98

Olympic Hockey Nagano '98 is an ice hockey game for the Nintendo 64. It was released in 1998. It is a re-release of "Wayne Gretzky's 3D Hockey", but not endorsed by Wayne Gretzky.

This game has the license for the 1998 Winter Olympics that were in Nagano, Japan. The game is very similar to "Wayne Gretzky's 3D Hockey". The only real differences are the box art, in-game titles, and some minor graphic changes (such as team logos and colors).


Karri Rämö

Karri Rämö (born July 1, 1986) is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for Djurgårdens IF of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL). He has also played for the Pelicans and HPK of the SM-liiga, Calgary Flames, Tampa Bay Lightning of the NHL and Avangard Omsk of the KHL.

Before playing in the NHL, Rämö played 2 seasons with the Pelicans and 1 season with HPK of the SM-liiga.

Rämö was drafted with the 191st overall pick by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He made his NHL debut with the Lightning on December 2, 2006 in a 5–2 loss to the Ottawa Senators. Rämö won his first NHL start on December 20, 2006 in a 2–1 victory against the Toronto Maple Leafs. On August 16, 2010, he was traded to the Montreal Canadiens in exchange for Cédrick Desjardins. He however decided to play for Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). On January 12, 2012, The Canadiens traded him along with Michael Cammalleri and a 5th-round pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft to the Calgary Flames for René Bourque, Patrick Holland and a 2nd-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.


Jack Ingram

Jack Ingram is an American country music singer. His first single on the U.S. country Top 40 chart was "Wherever You Are". That song hit number 63 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Ingram has had six other songs on the country Top 40: "Love You," a cover version of Hinder's "Lips of an Angel," "Measure of a Man," "Maybe She'll Get Lonely," "That's a Man" and "Barefoot and Crazy."


Máximo Cajal López

Máximo Cajal López (27 February 1935 – 3 April 2014) was a Spanish diplomat and ambassador. He was the Spanish ambassador to Guatemala in 1980 and was one of the two survivors of the burning of the Spanish Embassy. He was also ambassador to Sweden and France as well as Permanent Representative of Spain to NATO.

Cajal López died on 3 April 2014 in his hometown of Madrid. He was 79 years old.


Massimo Tamburini

Massimo Tamburini (28 November 1943 – 5 April 2014) was an Italian motorcycle designer. He is best known for designing for Cagiva, Ducati, and MV Agusta. He was also one of the founders of Bimota. Some of his designs were included in the Guggenheim Museum's "The Art of the Motorcycle" exhibit of 1998 and 1999. He was born in Rimini, Province of Rimini.

Tamburini died from lung cancer on 5 April 2014 in San Marino. He was 70 years old.


Chuck Stone

Charles Sumner "Chuck" Stone, Jr. (July 21, 1924 – April 6, 2014) was an American newspaper editor, columnist, journalist, and writer. He was a Tuskegee Airman during World War II. In the 1940s, he was the first African-American undergraduate in several decades at Wesleyan University. He graduated in the class of 1948 and serving as the commencement speaker. He later received a master's degree in sociology from the University of Chicago. He was the first president of the National Association of Black Journalists (NABJ, 1975–77). He was born in Hartford, Connecticut.

Stone died from congestive heart failure on April 6, 2014 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. He was 89 years old.


Ásgeir Trausti

Ásgeir Trausti Einarsson (born 1 July 1992) is an Icelandic singer-songwriter. In 2013 he started releasing music as Ásgeir. He lives in Reykjavík, Iceland. His first album, "Dýrð í dauðaþögn", was released in 2012. An English version of the album called "In the Silence" was released in 2014.

Frans van der Lugt

Franciscus Joseph Wilhelmus "Frans" van der Lugt (10 April 1938 – 7 April 2014), also known as Peter Frans, was a Dutch psychotherapist and later Jesuit priest. He left the Netherlands for the Middle East in the 1960s where he joined the Jesuits. He studied Arabic for two years in Lebanon. In 1966, he went to Syria, where he lived for nearly fifty years. He gained international fame at the beginning of 2014 when he made a number of YouTube videos asking the international community for help for the citizens of Homs. He was born in The Hague, South Holland.

Frans van der Lugt was shot dead by extremists from Al-Nusra Front on 7 April 2014 in Homs. He was 75 years old.


Norrie May-Welby

Norrie May-Welby (born 23 May 1961) is a Scottish-Australian transsexual person. Welby was the first person to be considered 'genderless'. 

May-Welby was born in Paisley, Renfrewshire. When Norrie was seven years old, the family emigrated to Western Australia. Welby has lived in Sydney since the early 1990s. 

George Shuffler

George Shuffler (April 15, 1925 – April 7, 2014) was an American bluegrass guitarist. He was an early expert of the crosspicking style. He began his career in 1946. He played with The Bailey Brothers, The Stanley Brothers and Ralph Stanley's Clinch Mountain Boys. In 2007, he received the North Carolina Heritage Award. In 2011, he was elected to the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Fame. He was born in Valdese, North Carolina.

Shuffler died on April 7, 2014 in Valdese, North Carolina. He was 88 years old.


Diplodocid

Diplodocids, or members of the family Diplodocidae ("double beams"), are a group of sauropod dinosaurs. The family includes some of the longest creatures ever to walk the earth, including "Diplodocus" and "Supersaurus", which may have reached lengths of up to .

With their peg-like teeth they could strip leaves from branches, and leave the grinding to gastroliths. They bacteria in their vast stomachs would break down the cellulose in the leaves, and the product would be absorbed further on in the alimentary canal.

The diplodocids have two sub-families:

Their cousins the brachiosaurs are put into a sister family. The much later titanosaurs were the last group of sauropods on Earth.

George Dureau

George Dureau (December 28, 1930 – April 7, 2014) was an American visual artist. His career lasted forty years. He was known for charcoal sketches and black and white photography. His work was often called homoerotic. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Dureau died from Alzheimer's disease on April 7, 2014 at the Walden Healthcare Center in Kenner, Louisiana. He was 84 years old.


Roberto Mangabeira Unger

Roberto Mangabeira Unger (born March 24, 1947) is a Brazilian philosopher and politician. Unger studied law at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro.

Unger was born in Rio de Janeiro. At the time Unger's parents lived in the United States, but Unger's father had suffered a heart attack during a family visit to Brazil. This led to the family staying in Brazil for longer than planned and Unger being born there. When Unger's father recovered, Unger's family went back to New York. Unger grew up on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. 

Ned O'Gorman

Edward Charles "Ned" O'Gorman (September 26, 1929 – March 7, 2014) was an American poet and educator. Some of his best known works are "The Harvesters' Vase" (1968), "The Flag the Hawk Flies" (1972), "The Wilderness and the Laurel Tree: A Guide for Teachers and Parents on the Observation of Children" (1972) and "Prophetic Voices: Ideas and Words on Revolution" (1969). He was born in New York City, New York and was raised in both Southport, Connecticut and Bradford, Vermont.

O'Gorman died from pancreatic cancer on March 7, 2014 at his home in Manhattan. He was 84 years old.



Faversham

Faversham is a market town in Swale, Kent, England. Nearly 20,000 people live in Faversham. Its postcode is ME13. 
Faversham holds the record for the highest temperature ever recorded in the UK, 39.0 °C (102.2 °F) on 19 July 2022. On 19 July 2022, Faversham recorded its highest July temperature on record, 39.0 °C (102.2 °F). The lowest temperature ever recorded in Faversham was -16.1 °C (3.0 °F) in January 1966.

Swale

Swale is a borough in Kent, South East England. About 140,000 people live in Swale. It was created on 1 April 1974. Its headquarters are in Sittingbourne.

Sittingbourne

Sittingbourne is an industrial town in Swale, Kent, England. It is located east of Gillingham. About 62,500 people live in Sittingbourne. Its postcodes are ME9 and ME10.



Tonbridge and Malling

Tonbridge and Malling is a borough in Kent, South East England. About 125,000 people live in the borough. It was created on 1 April 1974. Its headquarters are in West Malling.

Grand Duchy of Oldenburg

The Grand Duchy of Oldenburg was a state in Europe. It was in the area that today is Germany. It was created out of the smaller "Duchy" of Oldenburg. The state was created at the Congress of Vienna in 1814 but ceased to exist after the German Revolution in 1918. The capital of the state was Oldenburg. The Grand ducal family lived at the "Schloss Oldenburg" in the capital. They had Counts, dukes and grand dukes of Oldenburg 

Paruyr Hayrikyan

Paruyr Hayrikyan (, born July 5, 1949, Yerevan) is an Armenian political activist and a former dissident. Hayrikyan was a internationally-known political prisoner in USSR. In 1987 he founded "National Self-Identification" Union. He is known for his struggle for the independence of Armenia. 

In 2013 he was shot and wounded during his bid for the presidency.


Paige (wrestler)

Saraya-Jade Bevis (born 17 August 1992) is an English professional wrestler currently she works for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) under the ring name Saraya. 

She is also known for her time in the WWE where she wrestled under the ring name Paige. During her time in WWE, she was a two-time WWE Divas Champion and one-time NXT Women's Champion. She is also known under the ring name Britani Knight. She used that name while performing on the independent circuit. Bevis is a member of the British wrestling's Knight family which is made up of her real life family. It includes her parents, Saraya and Ricky, and her brother, Zak Zodiak 

On 7 April 2014 episode of "Raw", Paige made her main roster debut in the WWE. She gave her congratulations to WWE Divas Champion AJ Lee on her successful title defense at "WrestleMania XXX". Lee challenged Paige to a match and put her championship on the line. In the match, Paige was able to defeat AJ and win her first Divas Championship in WWE. When she won the championship, she became the first female wrestler to hold a developmental (NXT Women's) and primary (WWE Divas) championship at the same time and also became the youngest Divas Champion. On the 30 July 2014 episode of "Raw", AJ Lee returned to the WWE and defeated Paige for the Divas Championship.

Paige has since won multiple Divas and Raw Women's Division championships. She currently holds a title of General Manager, appointed by Daniel Bryan. 

On 21 September 2022 at Grand Slam, Saraya made her debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

On 27 August at All In, Saraya won the AEW Women's World Championship. She defeated Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D., Toni Storm, and former champion Hikaru Shida in a four-way match in front of her home country fans. On the October 10 episode of "Dynamite", Saraya would lose the AEW Women's World Championship back to Shida.

In July 2012, Channel 4 made a documentary about Bevis and her family titled "The Wrestlers: Fighting with My Family". The documentary was turned into the 2019 film "Fighting with My Family", with Florence Pugh playing Bevis.

Bevis has appeared in seven WWE video games. She made her in-game debut as a downloadable character in "WWE 2K15", and is featured as a playable character in "WWE 2K16", "WWE 2K17", "WWE 2K18","WWE 2K19" "WWE 2K20". and WWE 2K Battlegrounds

In October 2014, Bevis joined the cast of "Total Divas", a reality television show produced by WWE and E!, for the second part of the show's third season, which began airing in 2015. In June 2015, Bevis became one of the judges on the sixth season of "Tough Enough". On 3 August 2015, Bevis was a guest on Stone Cold Steve Austin's "Stone Cold Podcast", which aired on the WWE Network. 

Bevis has appeared in two WWE Studios films: "Santa's Little Helper", released in November 2015, and "", in which she performed a voice role and was released in July 2016. She also peformed a voice role in the WWE Studios and Sony Pictures Animation film "", which was released in 2017.

Bevis was featured in the WWE Network special WWE Chronicle that premiered on 26 January 2019.

She is in a relationship with Ronnie Radke of Falling in Reverse and has appeared in the music video for their song "I'm Not a Vampire (Revamped)". She also uses their song "Zombified" as her entrance theme in AEW.


Denise Nickerson

Denise Nickerson (April 1, 1957 – July 10, 2019) was an American former actress, singer, and accountant. She played Violet in "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory" in 1971. She played Allison on season 2 of "The Electric Company" in 1972-1973. She retired from acting in 1993.

Nickerson died on July 10, 2019 from a seizure caused by pneumonia at a hospital in Aurora, Colorado at the age of 62.

Head tax (Canada)

The Chinese head tax was a fixed fee charged to each Chinese person entering Canada. The head tax was first levied after the Canadian parliament passed the Chinese Immigration Act of 1885. It was meant to discourage Chinese people from entering Canada after the completion of the Canadian Pacific Railway. The tax was abolished by the Chinese Immigration Act of 19. That act stopped all Chinese immigration excep business people, clergy, educators, student, and other categories.

Key Management Service

KMS (Key Management Service) is one of the methods to activate Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office. Activation ensures that the software is obtained from and licensed by Microsoft. KMS is used by volume license customers, usually medium to large businesses, schools, and non-profits. Individual computers do not need to contact Microsoft, although the KMS server does. KMS clients must be activated at least once every 180 days. A KMS client will try to activate once every 7 days, and if it fails it will try again every 2 hours. The KMS server can be automatically detected by DNS if the proper DNS record is present, or it can be manually entered using the "slmgr" command. There must be at least 25 KMS-activated computers (5 for Windows Server) on the network to use KMS. If the KMS activation fails (for example, because the KMS server is not available or there are less than 25 computers on the network), a watermark telling the user to activate Windows will appear in the bottom right corner of the screen.

There is an unofficial KMS server emulator that will activate Windows or Office even if the software was not licensed or paid for, and regardless of whether or not there are 25 or more computers on the network. There is also a program that will send KMS requests to a legitimate KMS server, in order to fool the server into thinking that there are 25 or more computers on the network. Microsoft considers both of these exploits to be a violation of the Terms and Conditions.

Kyle Chipchura

Kyle Douglas Glen Chipchura (born February 19, 1986) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Montreal Canadiens and Anaheim Ducks.

Before playing in the NHL, Chipchura played 4 seasons with the Prince Albert Raiders of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

Chipchura was drafted with the 18th overall pick by the Montreal Canadiens in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He made his NHL debut with the Canadiens on October 10, 2007 in a 3–2 win against the Pittsburgh Penguins. He scored his first NHL goal in a 4-2 win against the Buffalo Sabres on October 20, 2007. On December 2, 2009, the Canadiens traded Chipchura to the Anaheim Ducks for a fourth-round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. He played 2 seasons with the Ducks before he was released by the Ducks. On July 19, 2011, he signed a one-year contract with the Phoenix Coyotes.

Suicide risk assessment

A suicide risk assessment (SRA) is used to decide an individual's suicide risk (how likely they are to kill themselves). This is a very important first step in helping a person who is thinking of killing themselves. It is best done by a mental health professional, like a counselor. A good, complete risk assessment can lead to a person getting the treatment and help they need, which can reduce or end suicidal symptoms. 
The first part of an SRA is talking to a doctor - or other trained mental health worker - who asks specific questions about what the person is thinking about, how they feel, and what is going on in their life. (This is called a clinical interview).

The second part of the SRA uses one or more tests that have been proven to measure suicide risk. These tests are called "scales." A scale is a way of measuring something. Some of these scales have been shown to be very reliable, such as the Suicidal Affect-Behavior-Cognition Scale (SABCS) and the Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS).

A suicide risk assessment is not always completely right about a person's suicide risk. Still, usually it gives a risk score that is helpful for making important decisions about what treatment the person needs. 
The risk of suicide may change over time. It may become higher or lower for different reasons. For example, treatment (like counseling or medicines) may work, making the person feel better, or not work. Or the person's life may change in good or bad ways (for example, they may get or lose a job, go to a new school, get a boyfriend or girlfriend, or break up with one).

Because the risk of suicide can change over time, the suicide risk assessment has to be done more than once while the person is in treatment. If the person is in the hospital for treatment, it has to be done before they are sent home.

A suicide risk assessment can be important in helping save the life of a suicidal person. But an article in a journal called "Suicide & Life-Threatening Behavior", written in 2012, says that SRAs are often not done, and that many mental health care workers have little or no training in how to do a suicide risk assessment.

Hospitals, doctors, and counselors can be sued for negligible death if a suicidal person goes to them for help, but they never did a suicide risk assessment. Negligible death means that the hospital, doctor, or counselor did not do something they were supposed to do, and because of that, a person died.

Recent self-harm can also provide clues to a person's suicide risk. When a person hurts himself or herself on purpose, this is called self-harm (or self-injury). For example, important questions to ask might include:
If the same events, thoughts, feelings, and other things that led up to the self-harm happen again, the person may be more likely to self-harm again, or to commit suicide.12

When patients ask for help or even harm themselves, they still have rights. Sometimes, suicide risk assessments can bring up patients' rights issues. They can also create a conflict between the rights of the patient, and the powers of doctors, mental health professionals, and the law.

For example, many state laws in the United States say that a person can be forced to go to the hospital, even if they do not want to go, if a doctor or mental health professional says they are suicidal. In some states, the person can be physically restrained (for example, tied to a hospital bed) if they try to leave the hospital. Some states also allow paramedics and doctors to give chemical restraints (medicines to make the person cooperate or be very tired), even if the patient does not want these medicines.

If after a short stay in the hospital (usually 3 business days), the hospital believes the person is still a risk to themselves, they can ask a court for "civil commitment". If a judge agrees, the judge will order the person to stay in the hospital for a much longer time (usually months). The person has no right to leave the hospital.

This means that in many cases, if a doctor or mental health professional says a person is suicidal, that person can lose:

In the case of people who may be suicidal, the law sees the powers of doctors and mental health professionals as more important than the rights of the patient.


Silent Hill 2

Silent Hill 2 is a survival horror video game. It was developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, as well as Creature Labs for the PC version and Hijinx Studios for the HD version. Silent Hill 2 was published by Konami. The game was the 2nd game in the "Silent Hill" video game series but is not a direct sequel to "Silent Hill".

It was released on the PlayStation 2 on September 24, 2001 in North America, September 27, 2001 in Japan and November 23, 2001 in Europe. A Director's Cut of the game was released on the Xbox on December 20, 2001 on North America, February 22, 2002 in Japan and on October 4, 2002 in Europe. It was released on Microsoft Windows on December 2, 2002 in North American and on February 28, 2003 in Europe. An HD Collection of the game was released on the PlayStation 3 & Xbox 360 on March 20, 2012 in North America, March 29, 2012 in Japan, March 30, 2012 in Europe, and April 5, 2012 in Australia.

IGN rated the game a 9 out of 10 and IGN's Doug Perry said "It's frightening, deep, clever, and tries to improve the genre, if just a little, and in the end, that's all I really want in a survival horror game.” GameSpot gave the game a 7.7 out of 10 and GameSpot's Joe Fielder "Silent Hill 2 is a much prettier, somewhat smarter but less-compelling game than the original"

Nils Horner

Nils Horner (5 December 1962 – 11 March 2014) was a Swedish and British journalist. He was a foreign correspondent for Sveriges Radio. He was the station's chief correspondent in Asia. He mainly worked in South Asia. In 2001, he won the Marcus Ölanderpriest for his efforts as a foreign correspondent. He was born in Borås, Borås Municipality, Västra Götaland County.

Horner was shot in the head and killed in an execution-style killing on 11 March 2014 in Kabul, Afghanistan. He was 51 years old. He was in Kabul covering the 2014 elections.

Pat Green

Pat Green is an American country musician active since 1995. He was born in San Antonio, Texas and raised in Waco, Texas. Fifteen of his singles have charted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts.


Ivan Mercep

Ivan Mercep (1930 – 8 April 2014) was a New Zealand architect.

Mercep spent six years working and travelling overseas, before returning to New Zealand in 1960. In 1964, he became a registered architect in New Zealand. He helped design Hoani Waititi Marae in West Auckland and Waipapa Marae at the University of Auckland.

Mercep died in Auckland, New Zealand, aged 84.

Kjell Nupen

Kjell Nupen (September 5, 1955 – March 12, 2014) was a Norwegian contemporary artist. During the 1980s the people disappeared from his pictures and were replaced by motifs from nature. 

His later paintings are focused on themes such as calmness. He became especially known for the colour "Nupen blue", in which he used a lot of in his paintings.

Nupen was born in Kristiansand, Norway. He died there on March 12, 2014 from cancer, aged 58.


David Henshaw

Thomas David Henshaw (1939 – 23 March 2014) was a New Zealand cartoonist. He was known for his drawings of rural life in his "Jock" cartoons. His a career spanning over 40 years. His cartoons were published in the "New Zealand Farmer" for 34 years.

Henshaw was born in Kimbolton, New Zealand. He died on 23 March 2014 in Tamahere, New Zealand, aged 74.

Liv Dommersnes

Liv Dommersnes (née Strømsted 28 September 1922 – 6 April 2014) was a Norwegian actress and reciter of poetry. She was best known for being a member of the group that founded Studioteatret in 1945. She was born in Oslo (then known as Kristiania). She was married to actor Jens Bolling from 1945 to 1952, and to physician Ivar Dommersnes from 1968 until his death in 1994.

Dommersnes died from natural causes on 6 April 2014 in Oslo. She was 91 years old.

Ferdinand Masset

Ferdinand Masset (November 23, 1920 – March 31, 2014) was a Swiss politician of the (FDP) party. He was a member of the State Council of the Canton of Fribourg. He was born in Courtion.

Masset died in Fribourg, from natural causes, aged 93.

Consuelo Moure

Consuelo Moure (1947 – 2 April 2014) was a Spanish-born Colombian actress. She was known for her roles in "Nochebuena", "Pena máxima", "La esquina", "Tres hombres y tres mujeres", "Es mejor ser rico que pobre" and in "Champagne". She was born in Pamplona.

Moure died on 2 April 2014 in Bogotá, Colombia from lung cancer, aged 67.

Joseph Willaert

Joseph Willaert (1936 – 2 April 2014) was a Belgian painter. He was known for his abstract paintings. He mostly hung his paintings in train stations or public areas. Some of his art has been internationally displayed in many museums.

Willaert was born in Diksmuide. He died on 2 April 2014 in Oostende, Belgium from complications of a stroke, aged 78.

Michael Prinz von Preußen

Michael Prinz von Preußen (22 March 1940 – 3 April 2014) or Michael, Prince of Prussia, was a German writer and royalty. He was the son of Louis Ferdinand, Prince of Prussia. He was the godfather of Georg Friedrich, Prince of Prussia. He studied in Freiburg. He wrote many biographies about his family members. He was born in Berlin.

Michael died from an illness on 3 April 2014 in Thanheim, aged 74.


Paul Lüönd

Paul Lüönd (15 April 1950 – 3 April 2014) was a Swiss musician and politician. He formed a group with his older two brothers called "Mosibuäbe". Lüönd grew up in the Mosi on Ingenbohl.

He died on 3 April 2014 from a long illness in Switzerland, aged 63.

Zeituni Onyango

Zeituni Onyango ( ; 29 May 1952 – 7 April 2014) was the half-aunt of United States President Barack Obama. She was the half-sister of Obama's late father Barack Obama, Sr.. She is called "Aunti Zeituni" in Obama's memoir "Dreams from My Father". She was a computer programmer.

She was a native of Kenya. In 2000, she came to the United States illegally and in 2002 sought political asylum in the United States citing violence. Kenya and East Africa saw a rise in violence in the 2000s. Her case was denied in 2004 but she remained in South Boston, Massachusetts, before she got legal representation. Her case was leaked in the final days of the 2008 U.S. presidential election in which Obama was the Democratic candidate. She was given asylum in 2010.

Onyango died from breast cancer and a respiratory ailment on 7 April 2014 in Boston. She was 61 years old.


The Hardy Boyz

The Hardy Boyz is a professional wrestling tag team. The team members were real-life brothers Matt and Jeff Hardy. The Hardy Boyz are best known for competing in World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE). They were known for competing in ladder matches and TLC matches. They also worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) for a short time. The team first started in independent promotions around North Carolina in 1993.

The team signed with the WWF in 1998. They joined Gangrel to form The New Brood in August 1999. During their time in the WWF, they were managed by Terri for a short time before they were managed full-time by their real-life friend Lita. When Lita joined, the team was known as "Team Xtreme". They split up in 2002 and reunited in 2006 to feud with MNM before they decided to focus on singles competition. Jeff left the company in August and Matt left in late 2010.

They both reunited in January 2011 in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) where they were members of the Immortal stable. Matt was released from the company in August 2011 after he was arrested for driving while intoxicated.



Babymetal

Babymetal have released four studio albums since their inception: 1st album "Babymetal", came out in February 2014. 2nd album "Metal Resistance" was released worldwide in April 2016. 3rd album "Metal Galaxy" in October 2019. 4 album, "The Other One", was released in March 2023. 

OkCupid

OkCupid is a free friendship, dating and social networking website. The website is part of the "Match Developing" unit of IAC/InterActiveCorp's Match division. In 2014 the website had 12 million users.

Steven Pinker

Steven Arthur Pinker (born September 18, 1954) is a Canadian-American experimental psychologist. He has written six popular psychology books. He is a Harvard College professor.

Pinker was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in 1954, to a middle-class English-speaking Jewish family.

When he was 13 he became an atheist. Pinker was given the American Humanist Association's Humanist of the Year award on May 13, 2006.


General Butt Naked

Joshua Milton Blahyi (born September 30, 1971), better known as General Butt Naked, is an ex-warlord from Liberia who is now an Evangelical Christian preacher.

Blahyi is a member of the Sarpo tribe in Liberia. Blahyi has said that when he was 11 years old he became a tribal priest.

In 1980, when Joshua Milton Blahyi was 9 years old, a man named Samuel Doe led a rebellion against president William Tolbert and had him killed. At some point after 1982, when Blahyi became a tribal priest, Doe hired Blahyi to use black magic so that Doe could win the election in 1985. In 1989, when Blahyi was 18, a man named Charles Taylor rebelled against Doe and started a civil war. Taylor and his men killed Doe in 1990. Then the 19 year old Blahyi joined a militia called the United Liberation Movement of Liberia for Democracy and fought against Taylor’s army in the civil war. Blahyi then recruited an army of child soldiers to fight for him wearing nothing except for shoes and amulets while being naked himself and because of their nudity, they were called The Naked Base Commandos and Blahyi got the nickname “General Butt Naked”. Blahyi gave his child soldiers drugs so that they would be easier to control and would massacre villages that he attacked and he would wikt:celebrate each victory by eating the heart of a human child and by killing a child for a human sacrifice. He would also torture people. Blahyi also fought against other militias for control of diamond mines so that he could sell diamonds to drug cartels in Mexico for weapons and cocaine. In 1996, Blahyi and the Naked Base Commandos fought a battle in Monrovia against people on Charles Taylor’s side who were trying to arrest Blahyi’s commander Roosevelt Johnson. And Blahyi cut off a man’s testicles and held them in his hand while shooting people with a gun in battle.

According to Blahyi, after killing a little girl and cutting out her heart through her back, a man appeared to him who was glowing “brighter than the sun” and told him “repent and live or refuse and die.” Blahyi then decided to stop fighting and leave his child soldiers to fight for themselves. But then went near to a Church to sleep and heard a pastor pray to God to make Blahyi lose the power of evil devil’s magic. Then Blahyi decided to go to his commander and tell him that he wasn’t a warlord anymore because “my new commander is Jesus Christ.” Blahyi then became an Evangelical Christian preacher and told a Truth and Reconciliation Commission for the Liberian Civil War that he had killed at least 20,000 people as a warlord but that he wished that he hadn’t. Blahyi is still a pastor now.

In 2011 a documentary film called "The Redemption of General Butt Naked" was released. Matt Stone and Trey Parker based the character "Butt Fucking Naked" in their musical The Book of Mormon (musical) on General Butt Naked.

John Shirley-Quirk

John Shirley-Quirk (28 August 1931 – 7 April 2014) was an English bass-baritone. He was a member of the English Opera Group from 1964 to 1976. He was known for performing and recording the operatic and vocal works of Benjamin Britten. He was born in Liverpool, Lancashire (now Merseyside).

Shirley-Quirk died on 7 April 2014 in Bath, Somerset. He was 82 years old.


Josep Maria Subirachs

Josep Maria Subirachs i Sitjar (; 11 March 1927 – 7 April 2014) was a Spanish sculptor and painter of the late 20th century. His best known work is probably the Passion Façade of the basilica of the Sagrada Família in Barcelona.

Subirachs was born in Barcelona. He died there from Parkinson's disease on 7 April 2014. He was 87 years old.

Duchy of Savoy

The Duchy of Savoy was a monarchy in northern Italy and southwest France. It was ruled by the Savoy family. They took their name from the territory. From 1416 to 1562, the capital of the state was Chambéry. From 1562 to 1713 after which the capital was Turin. The heir to the throne was usually given the title of Prince of Piedmont.

The main residence of the family was the Royal Palace of Turin.

It was originally a county but raised to a Duchy in 1416. It greatly increased in size due to the Kingdom of Sardinia being added to the Savoy family possessions. Parts of the Duchy of Milan had also been added before. The small duchy was a neighbour to the Duchy of Parma as well as the larger wealthier Grand Duchy of Tuscany both of which would later form close relationships with each other often through marriages between princes and princesses.

In 1860, under the terms of the Treaty of Turin, the Duchy of Savoy was annexed by France. The last Duke of Savoy, Victor Emmanuel II, became King of Italy and the country was united into modern Italy.


Emmanuel III Delly

Mar Emmanuel III Delly (26 October 1927 – 8 April 2014) was an Iraqi Catholic leader. He was the Patriarch Emeritus of Babylon of the Chaldeans and former Primate of the Chaldean Catholic Church. His name in Arabic is . In Syriac it is . He was born in Tel Keppe.

Delly died on 8 April 2014 at a hospital in San Diego, California in the United States. He was 86 years old.


Edvard Grimstad

Edvard Grimstad (29 March 1933 – 3 April 2014) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Centre Party. He served as an MP from 1989 until 1997. He was born in Råde, Østfold.

Grimstad died from natural causes on 3 April 2014 in Oslo. He was 91 years old.


Gyula Szabó

Gyula Szabó (15 July 1930 – 4 April 2014) was a Hungarian actor. He won two Mari Jászai Prizes. He appeared in forty movies between 1953 and 2002. He is best known for appearing in movies such as "Ifjú szívvel" (1953), "Kiskrajcár" (1953), "Hintónjáró szerelem" (1955), "Egy pikoló világos" (1955), "Kölyök" (1959), "Két emelet boldogság" (1960), "A tizedes meg a többiek" (1965), "Hahó, Öcsi!" (1971), "Defekt" (1977), and "A Hídember" (2002). He was born in Kunszentmárton, Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County.

Szabó died on 4 April 2014 at the age of 83.

Republic of Ezo

Republic of Ezo, was a short-lived state in 1869 in the area that is now Hokkaido, Japan. It was established by former Tokugawa shogunate retainers. It was against the new imperial government. It was later defeated by Imperial forces.


QR code

A QR code (quick-response code) is a type of two-dimensional matrix barcode.
Japanese company Denso Wave invented it in 1994 for labelling automobile parts. 

A QR code has a square, which contains other elements. There are black squares. These are arranged in a grid. Some of the parts are not filled, usually they are white. Some parts of the code are markers. These markers help with reading and decoding the information. Usually, the code is read by an imaging device, such as a camera. The information in the image is then decoded.

QR codes have Reed–Solomon error correction. This means that even if parts of the code cannot be decoded, or they are wrong, the code can still be used. 

The required data are then extracted from patterns that are present in both the horizontal and the vertical components of the QR image.

In many ways, QR codes are similar to barcodes. They can hold more information, and they also can hold different types of information:


Compared to the standard barcodes, QR codes were also used for other things than labelling car parts because the image can be read more quickly, and because more information can be stored. Applications include product tracking, identifying an item, tracking time, document management, and general marketing. 

The amount of data that can be represented by a QR code symbol depends on the data type ("mode", or input character set), version (1, ..., 40, indicating the overall dimensions of the symbol, i.e. 4 × version number + 17 dots on each side), and error correction level. The maximum storage capacities occur for version 40 and error correction level L (low), denoted by 40-L:

Here are some samples of QR codes:
QR codes use Reed–Solomon error correction. There are different levels, depening on the level, with between 7% and 30% of the data bytes missing, the code can sill be read correctly: 

In larger QR symbols, the message is broken up into several Reed–Solomon code blocks. The block size is chosen so that no attempt is made at correcting more than 15 errors per block; this limits the complexity of the decoding algorithm. The code blocks are then interleaved together, making it less likely that localized damage to a QR symbol will overwhelm the capacity of any single block.

Even though they are very useful, QR codes also have dangers: The information in the code is not human-readable. A QR code can therefore contain a link to a website which contains malware. If it is read on a smartphone, the QR code can run applications on the smartphone, or activate certain functions on the smartphone. This is a problem of all 2D-barcodes, and is not specific to QR codes. 

An attack done using such QR codes, called "tags", is often called "Atagging". In 2010, there was such an attack for Android: the QR code pointed to a website that allowed to download the software ICQ; which was infected with a trojan horse, "Trojan-SMS.AndroidOS.Jifake.f," This trojan sent several SMS to a premium-rate Russian service-provider. 

To protect against such attacks, many apps to decode QR code display the decoded information; and the user has to actively click to open the website.

There are different extensions to the QR code:


Oddworld Inhabitants

Oddworld Inhabitants is a video game and film company founded in 1994 by Lorne Lanning and Sherry McKenna. The company is known for creating the Oddworld Quintology series released from 1997 to 2005. The series includes: , Oddworld Abe's Exoddus, and , as well as two Gameboy and one Gameboy Advance games that were short versions of Abe's Oddysee, Abe's Exoddus, and Munch's Oddysee. They were titled: Oddworld Adventures, Oddworld Adventures II, and Munch's Oddysee.

In 2005, Oddworld redirected their focus into the film industry, and eventually released a science fiction thriller called Citizen Siege.

They then released games under Just Add Water (Developments) UK LTD where they only sell digital products as of 2008 when the original PC games went up on Steam. They also made available the original PS1 games on the Playstation Network store in 2010 for the PS3 and PSP. The classics were made available for PS Vita in August 2012.

They started work by porting the original Xbox version of Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath to PC. They then made an HD version and had several improvements made to it and it was released in 2011 for the PC and PS3. In 2012 Oddworld announced that Abe's Oddysee was getting a complete remake game from the ground up and its title, which was chosen by fans, is called Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty. They also released Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee HD for PS3 in December 2012.

In 2013, it was announced that New 'n' Tasty will be coming in Spring 2014 and at the Game Developers Conference in California.

The developers originally stated that the "Oddworld" series would consist of five games referred to as the Quintology. Only two of those five games have been produced, while two additional games from the same universe were developed as expansion titles outside of the Quintology. Production on the Quintology's final three games was halted when the company decided to redirect its efforts toward film production. Those plans, too, were shelved.

In 2009, a partnership was created with developers Just Add Water to continue developing the abandoned video games with Oddworld Inhabitants Inc. becoming the publisher of the titles. To raise the money to fund the rest of the Quintology, Just Add Water began by porting the studio's first two titles to new consoles and producing high definition remasters of "Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee" and "Stranger's Wrath".

A high definition rebuild of "Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee" subtitled "New 'n' Tasty!" was next. Stewart Gilray has confirmed that all five Quintology games are titled Oddworld: X's Oddysee where X is the name of the protagonist.

Rapetosaurus

Rapetosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur. It lived in what is now Madagascar from 70 to 66 million years ago, at the end of the Cretaceous period. Only one species, "Rapetosaurus krausei", has been found. Like other sauropods, "Rapetosaurus" was a quadrupedal herbivore.

The discovery of "Rapetosaurus" was the first time a titanosaur had been recovered with an almost perfectly intact skeleton, complete with skull. It has helped to clarify some difficult issues in this large group of sauropod dinosaurs. It provides a baseline for the reconstruction of other titanosaurs that are known only from partial remains.

By the early part of the Upper Cretaceous all sauropods, except the titanosaurs, were extinct. The titanosaurs were the dominant herbivores of the Upper Cretaceous on the southern continents which made up Gondwana. Their reign was cut short by the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event.

The specimen discovered was a juvenile. It is 8 metres (26 ft) from head to tail, and "probably weighed about as much as an elephant", according to Kristina Curry Rogers. An adult would have been about twice as long (15 metres (49 ft) in length), which is still less than half the length of its gigantic kin, like "Argentinosaurus" and "Paralititan".

Gangnam

Gangnam or Kangnam (; , literally "south of the river") may refer to:






Volatiles

In planetary science, volatiles are the group of chemical elements and compounds with a low boiling point. They are often found in the crust or atmosphere of a planet or moon. Examples of volatiles are nitrogen, water, and ammonia.

Beat Happening

Beat Happening is an American indie pop band from Olympia, Washington. Calvin Johnson, Heather Lewis, and Bret Lunsford started the band in 1982 after meeting at The Evergreen State College. The band has released five studio albums.


Hubei

Hubei (; Postal map spelling: 
Hupeh) is a province of the People's Republic of China. The name of the province means "north of the lake" i.e. "north of Lake Dongting". The provincial capital is Wuhan.


Joseph E. Johnston

Joseph E. Johnston (February 3, 1807 – March 21, 1891) was a Confederate army general. He fought in the American Civil War. He was born in Virginia in 1807. He graduated from the U.S. Military Academy in 1829. He fought in the Second Seminole War and Mexican-American War. 

When the Civil War started, Johnston resigned from the U.S. army and joined the Confederate army. He was the second commander of the Army of Northern Virginia. He was wounded at the Battle of Seven Pines. He commanded the Army of Tennessee during the Atlanta Campaign. He was fired in July 1864. He was then placed back in command of the Army of Tennessee in March 1865. He commanded the army during the Battle of Benonville. He surrendered his army in April 1865. He died in 1891 in Washington, D.C.

Gansu

Gansu () is a province of the People's Republic of China. The capital is Lanzhou, in the southeast part of the province.

It has an area of 454,430 km². As of 2010 about 25,575,000 people were living here; in 2018, the population is 26,257,000.

Most people of Gansu are Han Chinese.

The province is mountainous in the south but flat in the north.

The Gobi Desert lies partly in Gansu, and the Yellow River flows in the south.

It contains the geographical centre of China.

Gansu Province has a dry continental climate with cold winters and hot summers.

Gansu Wind Farm, the world's biggest wind farm on land, is located here.


Army of Tennessee

The Army of Tennessee was a Confederate field army during the American Civil War. It fought in the Western Theater for most of the war. It was formed from the Army of Mississippi in November 1862. It surrendered in April 1865 in North Carolina.

Lanzhou

Lanzhou (; Postal map spelling: Lanchow) is the capital and largest city of Gansu in Northwest China. As of the 2010 census, 3,616,163 people lived in the city, and 2,177,130 lived in the built-up area (urban) of .


Field army

A field army is a military formation. It is made up of two or more corps. Two or more field armies can form an army group. A field army is usually commanded by a general or a lieutenant general.

Arrondissements of the Gers department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Gers department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Gers department are:

Since its creation, the Gers department has had few changes:

Arrondissement of Auch

The arrondissement of Auch is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gers "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Auch.

When the "arrondissements" were created on 17 February 1800, Auch was one of them in the Gers department.

It is the easternmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It is the most populated "arrondissement" with 87,118 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north and northwest by the "arrondissement" of Condom, to the east by the Haute-Garonne department, and to the south and southwest by the "arrondissement" of Mirande.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Auch, there are four cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Astarac-Gimone, Fezensac, Gascogne-Auscitaine and Gimone-Arrats. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Auch has 154 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Donkey punch

The donkey punch is an act during sexual intercourse. Some people wrongly think that if a man putting his penis in his partner's vagina or anus punches the back of their neck, the vagina and anus will become very tight, giving more pleasure to the man. In fact, no such reflex exists.

Victor Emmanuel II of Italy

Victor Emmanuel II (Vittorio Emanuele Maria Alberto Eugenio Ferdinando Tommaso; 14 March 1820 – 9 January 1878) was king of Sardinia from 1849 until 17 March 1861. On that date, he took the title King of Italy to become the first king of a united Italy since the 6th century. He held that title until his death in 1878. The Italians called him "Father of the Homeland" ().

Victor Emmanuel was born at the "Palazzo Carignano" in Turin. He was born the heir to the title of Prince of Carignano, which was one of the most senior members of the Sardinian royal court behind the monarch himself. He became ruler of the Kingdom of Sardinia when his father abdicated.


Arrondissement of Condom

The arrondissement of Condom is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gers "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Condom.

When the "arrondissements" were created on 17 February 1800, Condom was one of them in the Gers department.

It is the northernmost and the largest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It has a population of 65,562 and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Lot-et-Garonne (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) department, to the west by the Tarn-et-Garonne (Occitanie) department, to the southwest by the Haute-Garonne (Occitanie) department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Auch, and to the west by the Landes (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Condom, there are three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Fezensac, Gascogne-Auscitaine and Gimone-Arrats. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Condom has 158 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Mirande

The arrondissement of Mirande is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gers "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Mirande.

When the "arrondissements" were created on 17 February 1800, Mirande was one of them in the Gers department.

It is the southernmost and the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It is also the "arrondissement" with fewer people living there, with 37,945 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Auch and Condom "arrondissements", to the southeast by the Haute-Garonne department, to the south by the Hautes-Pyrénées and the Pyrénées-Atlantiques departments, and to the west by the Landes department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Mirande, there are two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Astarac-Gimone and Fezensac. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Mirande has 150 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Gers (river)

The Gers is a river in France. It flows through the Hautes-Pyrénées, Gers and Lot-et-Garonne departments, in the Occitanie and Nouvelle-Aquitaine regions. The Gers department is named after this river.

The river's source is in the Pyrenees. It is a left tributary of the Garonne river. In general, it flows from south to north.

The Gers river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

The source of the Gers is on the Plateau de Lannemezan, in the Lannemezan "commune" (Hautes-Pyrénées), at an altitude of .

The Gers passes through the departments and towns of:

The Gers river flows through 48 "communes" and 11 "cantons".

Finally, it flows into the Garonne river to the south of Agen (Lot-et-Garonne), in the Layrac "commune", at of altitude.




Glyn Jones

Glyn Idris Jones (27 April 1931 — 2 April 2014) was a South African actor, writer and director. Jones wrote some scripts and had some minor roles in "Doctor Who". 

On 4 April 2014, it was announced on Jones had died on 2 April. 

Virginie Korte-van Hemel

Virginie Norbertina Maria Korte-van Hemel (May 8, 1929 – April 3, 2014) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the CDA on behalf of the House and Senate. In the cabinets Lubbers I and Lubbers II, she was Secretary for Justice.

She was also an alderman of Bussum from 1970 to 1974.

Hemel was born in Bergen op Zoom and died in Bussum, aged 84.

Erzsi Kovács

Erzsi Kovács DRH (2 June 1928 – 6 April 2014) was a Hungarian pop singer and performer. 

She made her last album, "Mosolyogva búcsúzom" (English title: "I Leave with a Smile") when she was 79 years old. She was awarded the highest honor in Hungary, the Order of Merit of the Republic of Hungary.

She died after long illness on 6 April 2014.

Jacques Castérède

Jacques Castérède (10 April 1926 – 6 April 2014) was a French composer and pianist. He won the Grand Prix de Rome in 1953 with his cantata "La boîte de Pandore" ("Pandora's Box"). He was born in Paris.

Castérède died on 6 April 2014 in Dijon from natural causes, aged 87.

Čedo Vuković

Čedo Vuković (28 September 1920 - 7 April 2014) was a Montenegrin writer. He wrote many books for children. Some of them include; "Svemoćno oko" ("Allmighty Eye"), "Letjelica profesora Bistrouma" ("Flying Machine of Professor Brightmind") and "Tim Lavlje srce" ("Lion-heart Team"). Vuković was born in Đulići, Andrijevica city in north-eastern Montenegro. 

Vuković died in Budva after long-illness on April 7, 2014, aged 93.

A. N. R. Robinson

Arthur Napoleon Raymond Robinson (16 December 1926 – 9 April 2014) was a Trinbagonian politician. 

He was the third President of Trinidad and Tobago, serving from 19 March 1997 to 17 March 2003. He was also Trinidad and Tobago's third Prime Minister, serving from 18 December 1986 to 17 December 1991.

Robinson helped create the International Criminal Court.

Robinson died at the St Claire Medical Center, in Port of Spain, aged 87.


Port of Spain

Port of Spain is the capital city of Trinidad and Tobago. About 49,031 people live here. It is the third largest city in the country. It served as its capital since the 1700s.

Chaguanas

Chaguanas is the largest city of Trinidad and Tobago. About 84,000 people live here. In 1990, it was made a borough.

San Fernando, Trinidad and Tobago

San Fernando is the second largest city of Trinidad and Tobago. About 50,000 people live here. It used to be a borough, but was made into a city in 1988. Pitch Lake is located here.

San Fernando has a sister city, as designated by Sister Cities International:

George Maxwell Richards

George Maxwell Richards, TC, CM (1 December 1931 – 8 January 2018) was a Trinidadian politician. He was the fourth President of Trinidad and Tobago. He was in office from 2003 to 2013.

Richards died in Port of Spain on 8 January 2018 of congestive heart failure at the age of 86.

List of presidents of Trinidad and Tobago

The President of Trinidad and Tobago is the person who is in charge of the country of Trinidad and Tobago. They help the country and its people. The office was created in 1976 after being declared independent. The first President was Ellis Clarke.

There are two living former Trinidadian Heads of State:

Kamla Persad-Bissessar

The Rt Hon. Kamla Persad-Bissessar PBS SC MP (born 22 April 1952) is a Trinidadian and Tobagonian lawyer and politician who was the seventh Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago from 26 May 2010 to 9 September 2015. She was the country's first female Prime Minister, Attorney General, and Leader of the Opposition. She is also the first woman of Indian origin to be a prime minister in a country outside of India and South Asia.

Basdeo Panday

Basdeo Panday (May 25, 1933 – January 1, 2024) was a Trinidadian politician. He was the fifth Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago. He served as Prime Minister from 1995 to 2001.

Panday died on January 1, 2024 in Jacksonville, Florida at the age of 90.

Anthony Carmona

Anthony Thomas Aquinas Carmona, SC, ORTT (born March 7, 1953) is a Trinidadian politician. He was the fifth President of Trinidad and Tobago. He became president in 2013, and left office in 2018.

Ellis Clarke

Sir Ellis Emmanuel Innocent Clarke, TC, GCMG (28 December 191730 December 2010) was a Trinidadian politician. He was the second and last Governor-General of Trinidad and Tobago and the first President of Trinidad and Tobago. He was one of the people who created Trinidad and Tobago's 1962 Independence constitution.

He received the La Orden del liberator (The order of the liberator) Venezuela's highest public order, in 1986.
Karlheinz Deschner

Karl Heinrich Leopold Deschner (23 May 1924 – 8 April 2014) was a German researcher, humanist, activist and writer. He was known in Europe for his in-depth and strong dislike towards Christianity in general and the Catholic Church. This was the subject of many of his articles and books. His best known work was the 10 volume opus "Christianity's Criminal History" ("Kriminalgeschichte des Christentums", Rowohlt Verlag GmbH, Reinbek). He was born in Bamberg, Bavaria, Weimar Republic.

Deschner died on 8 April 2014 in Haßfurt, Bavaria, Germany. He was 89 years old.


Noor Hassanali

Noor Mohamed Hassanali, TC (13 August 1918 – 25 August 2006) was a Trinidadian politician. He was the second President of Trinidad and Tobago. He served from 1987 to 1997.


Patrick Manning

Patrick Augustus Mervyn Manning (17 August 1946 – 2 July 2016) was a Trinidadian politician. He was the fourth Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago. He served from 17 December 1991 to 9 November 1995 and again from 24 December 2001 to 26 May 2010.

Manning died on 2 July 2016 at a hospital in San Fernando from acute myeloid leukemia, aged 69.

Eric Williams

Eric Eustace Williams (25 September 1911 – 29 March 1981) was a Trinidadian politician. He served as the first Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago. He served as prime minister from 1962 until his death in 1981. 

He was also a known Caribbean historian, and is widely thought as "The Father of The Nation" to Trinidadians. 

Williams died from throat cancer in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, aged 69.

Hans Albert

Hans Albert (8 February 1921 – 24 October 2023) was a German philosopher. He was born in Cologne, Germany. His fields of research are Social Sciences and General Studies of Methods. He was a critical rationalist, giving special attention to rational heuristics (problem solving).

Albert died on 24 October 2023 in Heidelberg, Germany at the age of 102.

Danielle Darrieux

Danielle Yvonne Marie Antoinette Darrieux (1 May 1917 – 17 October 2017) was a French actress and singer. She has appeared in more than 110 movies since 1931. She is one of France's great movie stars and her eighty year career.

Darrieux was born in Bordeaux, France. She died on 17 October 2017 in Bois-le-Roi, France from complications of a fall, aged 100 year old. For her long service to the motion picture industry, in 1985 Danielle was given an Honorary César Award. 


Mandy Patinkin

Mandel Bruce "Mandy" Patinkin (born November 30, 1952) is an American actor and tenor singer. He is known for his roles in "Alien Nation" (1988), "Yentl" (1983), and "Dick Tracy".


Aino-Maija Tikkanen

Aino-Maija Tikkanen (2 November 1927 – 3 March 2014) was a Finnish actress. She appeared in 15 movies between 1954 and 2010. She was born in Turku.
Tikkanen died on 3 March 2014 in Helsinki. She was 86 years old.


Yvette Chauviré

Yvette Chauviré (22 April 1917 – 19 October 2016) was a French prima ballerina and actress. She was born in Paris. Her dancing career was from 1937 to 1972. She was the étoile of the Paris Opera Ballet, and later its director. She was the holder of the Légion d'Honneur. 

She died at her home in Paris on 19 October 2016, aged 99.

Wendell H. Ford

Wendell Hampton Ford (September 8, 1924 – January 22, 2015) was an American politician. He served for twenty-four years in the U.S. Senate and was the 53rd Governor of Kentucky. He was the first person to be successively elected lieutenant governor, governor, and U.S. senator in Kentucky history.

Ford died in Owensboro, Kentucky from lung cancer, aged 90.


Dale Bumpers

Dale Leon Bumpers (August 12, 1925 – January 1, 2016) was an American politician. He served as the 38th Governor of Arkansas from 1971 to 1975. Bumpers served in the United States Senate from 1975 until his retirement in January 1999.

After his retirement from the Senate, Bumpers, a self-declared close friend of President Clinton, acted as defense attorney during Clinton's impeachment trial. He gave an impassioned closing argument during the Senate trial.

Bumpers died on January 1, 2016 at his home in Little Rock, Arkansas from complications from a fall at the age of 90. Bumpers was suffering from Alzheimer's disease at the time of his death.


Lakhdar Brahimi

Lakhdar Brahimi ( ; ; born 1 January 1934) is an Algerian diplomat and politician. He is the United Nations envoy and advisor. Since August 2012, he was the United Nations and Arab League Special Envoy to Syria.

Fernando Henrique Cardoso

Fernando Henrique Cardoso (; born June 18, 1931), also known by his initials FHC () is a Brazilian politician. He was the 34th President of Brazil. He served for two terms from January 1, 1995 to December 31, 2002.


Shimabara Rebellion

Shimabara Rebellion, was an uprising in southwestern Japan. It lasted from December 17, 1637 until April 15, 1638, during the Edo period. It largely involved peasants, most of them Catholic Christians.

Vladimir Zinchenko

Vladimir Petrovich Zinchenko (; 10 August 1931 – 6 February 2014) was a Russian psychologist, academician, educator and writer. He got a Ph.D. in 1957. He was also an editor-in-chief of the journal of "Cultural-Historical Psychology". He was born in Kharkiv, Soviet Union (now Ukraine).

Zinchenko died on 6 February 2014 in Moscow, Russia. He was 82 years old.


Thomas Kurzhals

Thomas Kurzhals (13 December 1953 – 2 January 2014) was a German keyboardist, composer and musician. He was best known as a member of the rock bands Stern-Combo Meißen and Karat. He was born in Ronneburg, Thuringia, East Germany.

Kurzhals died from liver cirrhosis on 2 January 2014 in Glauchau, Saxony. He was 60 years old.

Dominique Baudis

Dominique Baudis (; 14 April 1947 – 10 April 2014) was a French ombudsman, journalist and politician. He was the Mayor of Toulouse, Haute-Garonne from March 1983 until January 2001. He was also a member of DL and later of the leading centre-right Union for a Popular Movement. He was born in Paris.

Baudis died from cancer on 10 April 2014 in Paris. He was 66 years old.


West Malling

West Malling is a small market town in Tonbridge and Malling, Kent, England. Its postcode is ME19. 

There are many historical sites in West Malling that make it a popular place to visit. There are many shops. There is a population of between 3,000 and 5,000 people. St Mary's church is at the top of the High Street. 

Kaleph Jõulu

Kaleph Jõulu (15 November 1927 – 22 January 2014) was an Estonian educator, writer and folklore collector. He was best known for his book "Maailma 33333 rahvatarkust" (2013). He won the Rahvaluule kogumispreemia (Folklore Prize) four times (1994, 1996, 1997, 2007). He was born in Rapla, Rapla County.

Jõulu died on 22 January 2014 in Viljandi, Viljandi County. He was 86 years old.


Nigel Evans

Nigel Martin Evans (born 10 November 1957) is a British politician. He was born in Swansea, Wales. He is the Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means and has been the Member of Parliament for Ribble Valley since 1992. He was a Conservative until 2013. Since then he has been an Independent. He was First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means from 2010 to 2013.

Evans lives in Pendleton, Lancashire. He is openly gay. In 2014 at Preston Crown Court, he was acquitted of nine sex crimes, including a rape.

Karin Dreijer Andersson

Karin Elisabeth Dreijer Andersson (born 7 April 1975), also known by her stage name Fever Ray, is the lead singer of The Knife. 

Andersson was born in Nacka, Sweden. She started playing the guitar when she was 10.

Andersson is married to Kent Peter Kristian Andersson and has two children.

Władysław Filipowiak

Władysław Filipowiak (29 April 1926 – 31 March 2014) was a Polish professor, writer, and archaeologist. He was a former director of the National Museum in Szczecin. 

He was the author of over 200 publications in the field of early medieval archeology. Filipowiak was born in Kaczycach, Poland.

Filipowiak died on 31 March 2014 in Szczecin, Poland from natural causes, aged 87.

Owen Chadwick

William Owen Chadwick, OM, KBE, FBA, FRSE (20 May 1916 – 17 July 2015) was a British professor, writer and prominent historian of Christianity. He was also a rugby union player. 

Chadwick was born in Bromley, Kent, England. He died at the age of 99 on 17 July 2015.

Albert Brooks

Albert Lawrence Brooks (born Albert Lawrence Einstein; July 22, 1947) is an American actor, screenwriter, and director. He is known for his roles in "Modern Romance" (1981), "Lost in America" (1985), "Defending Your Life" (1991), "Finding Nemo" (2003), "The Simpsons Movie" (2007), and "Drive" (2011).

Brooks was born in Beverly Hills, California.


Carlo Maria Martini

Carlo Maria Martini, S.J., (15 February 1927 – 31 August 2012) was an Italian Jesuit and cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Milan from 1980 to 2002.

Martini was born in Orbassano, Kingdom of Italy. He died in Gallarate, Italy on 31 August 2012 from Parkinson's disease, aged 85.

Jean Giraud

Jean Henri Gaston Giraud (8 May 1938 – 10 March 2012) was a French artist, cartoonist, and writer. He was known for his comic "Blueberry". His pseudonym was Mœbius or Gir.

Giraud was born in Nogent-sur-Marne. He died on 10 March 2012 in Paris from lymphoma, aged 73.

Wisława Szymborska

Wisława Szymborska-Włodek, Maria Wisława Anna Szymborska (2 July 1923 – 1 February 2012) was a Polish poet, essayist, and translator. She was the recipient of the 1996 Nobel Prize in Literature.

Szymborska was born in Prowent. She died on 1 February 2012 at home in Kraków from natural causes, aged 88.

Joe Dini

Joseph E. "Joe" Dini, Jr. (March 28, 1929 – April 10, 2014) was an American politician for the Democratic Party and business man. He was elected to the Nevada State Assembly for the 38th district (which includes Lyon County, Storey County and parts of Carson City) in 1967 and served until 2001. He also owned the Dini's Lucky Club from 1960 until 2007. He was born in Yerington, Nevada.

Dini died from heart failure after an illness on April 10, 2014 at a hosptial in Reno, Nevada. He was 85 years old.


Vicco von Bülow

Bernhard-Victor Christoph-Carl von Bülow, short: Vicco von Bülow, "alias" Loriot (12 November 1923 – 22 August 2011) was a German comedian, humorist, cartoonist, movie director, actor and writer.

He is best known for his cartoons, the sketches from his 1976 television series "Loriot", alongside Evelyn Hamann, and his two movies, "Ödipussi" (1988) and "Pappa Ante Portas" (1991).

Von Bülow was born in Brandenburg an der Havel. He died on 22 August 2011 in Ammerland at Lake Starnberg, Germany from natural causes, aged 87.


Andrew Wyeth

Andrew Newell Wyeth ( ; July 12, 1917 – January 16, 2009) was an American visual artist, primarily a realist painter, working mostly in a regionalist style. He was one of the best-known U.S. artists of the middle 20th century.

Wyeth was born in Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania. He was the youngest of N.C. Wyeth's five children. His siblings included artists Henriette Wyeth and Carolyn Wyeth as well as inventor Nathaniel Wyeth. In 1940, he married Betsy James, who would often model in his paintings.

On January 16, 2009, Wyeth died in his sleep in Chadds Ford after a brief illness. He was 91 years old.

Kathleen O'Malley

Kathleen O'Malley (born March 31, 1924) is an American retired actress. Her career began as a child. Her father was actor Pat O'Malley. Her screen debut came in 1926 in one of his movies, "My old Dutch".

She appeared in many television series such as "Cover Girl", "Lady on a Train", "Two Tickets to Broadway", "Maverick", "Rawhide" and "General Hospital".

Francesco Cossiga

Francesco Cossiga (26 July 1928 – 17 August 2010) was an Italian politician. He was the 8th President of Italy, serving from July 1985 to April 1992. He was the 42nd Prime Minister of Italy, serving from August 1979 to 1980.

Cossiga was born in Sassari, Sardinia. He died on 17 August 2010 in Rome, Italy from a respiratory infection, aged 82.

Matteo Renzi

Matteo Renzi (; born 11 January 1975) is an Italian politician. He was the 56th Prime Minister of Italy. He became Prime Minister on 22 February 2014. Before, he was the President of Florence Province from 2004 to 2009 and the Mayor of Florence from 2009 to 2014. He resigned on 5 December 2016.


Bayn Johnson

Bayn Johnson (born in November 4, 1958) is an American former actress, electric guitarist, and singer. She was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. She appeared on season 1 (1969-1970) of "Sesame Street". She also appeared as "Kelly (The Short Circus kid band member)" on seasons 3-4 (1973-1975) of "The Electric Company".

Sue Townsend

Susan Lillian "Sue" Townsend, (2 April 1946 – 10 April 2014) was an English novelist and playwright. She was best known as the author of the Adrian Mole books. Most of her works combined comedy with social commentary and also wrote purely dramatic works. She was born in Leicester, Leicestershire.

Townsend was diagnosed with diabetes in the 1980s. She received a kidney from her elder son in 2009. She had a stroke in 2012. She died on 10 April 2014 at her home in Leicester after having another stroke. She was 68 years old.


Chinghiz Aitmatov

Chyngyz Aitmatov () (12 December 1928 – 10 June 2008) was a Soviet-Kyrgyz author and diplomat. He wrote in both Russian and Kyrgyz. He is a famous author in Kyrgyzstan's literature. His best-known work abroad is a novel "The Day Lasts More than a Hundred Years", which has folklore and science fiction elements.

Aitmatov was born on 12 December 1928 in Sheker village, Kirghiz ASSR, USSR. 

Aitmatov was first the ambassador for the Soviet Union and later for Kyrgyzstan, to the European Union, NATO, UNESCO and the Benelux countries. In 1963, he was honored with the Lenin Prize for his works in literature.

Aitmatov died on 10 June 2008 from kidney failure and pneumonia in Nuremberg, Germany, aged 79.


Division of Forde

The Division of Forde is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1984, and is named after Frank Forde, Prime Minister of Australia in 1945. At first it covered the southern suburbs of Brisbane, but changes have moved the area of the division into the semi-rural areas south of the city. This includes Beenleigh, Bethania, Boronia Heights, Chambers Flat, Cornubia, Eagleby, Edens Landing, Loganholme, Logan Reserve, Mount Warren Park, Ormeau Hills, Park Ridge, Tanah Merah, Upper Coomera, Waterford, Waterford West and Windaroo as well as parts of Daisy Hill, Heritage Park, Loganlea, Munruben, Ormeau, Park Ridge South and Shailer Park.

On 8 August 2013, it was announced former Queensland Premier Peter Beattie would contest the seat of Forde at the 2013 election.


Müllerian agenesis

Müllerian agenesis is a rare birth defect. It is also called Mayer-Rokitansky-Kuster-Hauser syndrome or MRKH. People with the syndrome are born without vaginas, cervixes, and wombs. MRKH is a rare genetic disorder that affects a woman's reproductive system. It is characterized by the absence of the uterus and the upper part of the vagina. It occurs in about 1 in 4,500 to 5,000 female births. Women with MRKH syndrome have normal external genitalia and normal secondary sexual characteristics, but they are unable to remain pregnant because they do not have an uterus. The cause of MRKH syndrome is unknown. It probably is a genetic disorder that occurs during fetal development. There is no cure for MRKH syndrome, but treatment options, such as hormone therapy and surgery, can help women manage the condition and lead healthy, fulfilling lives.

Mayer-Rokitansky-Küster-Hauser (MRKH) syndrome affects the reproductive system in women. It is characterized by the absence or underdevelopment of the uterus and the upper part of the vagina. The cause of MRKH syndrome is not fully understood, but it is believed to be caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors.

There is no known way to prevent MRKH syndrome. It is not inherited in a predictable pattern, so it is not caused by any specific genetic mutation. Some studies suggest that MRKH syndrome may be caused by a disruption in the development of the Müllerian ducts (the tubes in the embryo that give rise to the uterus and upper vagina) during fetal development. Other possible contributing factors may include exposure to certain medications or chemicals during pregnancy or hormonal imbalances.

It is important to note that MRKH syndrome is a rare condition, affecting only about 1 in every 4,500 to 5,000 female infants. If you or someone you know has been diagnosed with MRKH syndrome, it is important to speak with a healthcare provider for further information and support.


It is typically diagnosed in girls and women who are born with a uterus, but have underdeveloped or absent vaginal openings.

The diagnosis of MRKH syndrome is usually made during puberty when a person has not begun to menstruate and has no vaginal opening. Other signs and symptoms of MRKH syndrome may include:


The diagnosis of MRKH syndrome is typically made through a combination of physical examination, imaging studies (such as ultrasound or MRI), and blood tests to check hormone levels. In some cases, a biopsy of the uterus may also be performed to confirm the diagnosis.

There are several treatment options for MRKH syndrome, which can be customized based on the individual's specific needs and preferences. These options include:


It is important for individuals with MRKH syndrome to work with a healthcare team that includes specialists in reproductive medicine, gynecology, and mental health to determine the best treatment plan.

Division of Groom

The Division of Groom is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1984 and named for Sir Littleton Groom, former Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives. He represented the Division of Darling Downs, which covered much of the same area.

It is in the rural areas west of Brisbane and includes Toowoomba, Australia's second largest inland city. Other towns include Oakey and Pittsworth.

Ian McFarlane was a minister in the Howard and Abbott governments. He was dropped from the cabinet by Malcolm Turnbull in 2015, which later led him to leave the Liberal Party and join the National Party.

The swings above are calculated from the results of the 2020 Groom by-election.


Time of the Season

"Time of the Season" (where the breaths, sighs and flutish pianish organ were heard) is a single from The Zombies. It is a ballad about emotions in the Summer of Love. Colin Blunstone is lead singer.

The song hit #3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and #1 in Canada. It did not chart in Britain.

The song was sampled and covered by quite a few artists in the years after.

Harald Nugiseks

Harald Nugiseks (22 October 1921 – 2 January 2014) was an SS-Oberscharführer (Sergeant) in World War II. He served at his own free will in the 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Estonian) of the Waffen SS. He was also one of the four Estonian soldiers who received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. He was born in Karjaküla, Särevere Parish, Järva County.

Nugiseks died from natural causes on 2 January 2014, aged 92.


Sonny Ruberto

John Edward "Sonny" Ruberto (January 2, 1946 – March 25, 2014) was an American baseball backup catcher and pinch runner. He played in the Major League Baseball (MLB) and played two seasons for the San Diego Padres (1969) and the Cincinnati Reds (1972). He was born in the Staten Island borough of New York City, New York.

Ruberto died from cancer on March 25, 2014 in Ave Maria, Florida. He was 68 years old.


Tonie Nathan

Theodora Nathalia "Tonie" Nathan (February 9, 1923 – March 20, 2014) was an American politician. She is the first woman, as well as the first Jewish person, to have got an electoral vote in a United States presidential election. She was the 1972 vice presidential nominee of the Libertarian Party and running mate of John Hospers. She was born in New York City.

Nathan died from Alzheimer's disease on March 20, 2014 in Eugene, Oregon. She was 91 years old.


Pam Tillis

Pamela Yvonne "Pam" Tillis (born July 24, 1957) is an American country music singer and actress. She began her career in 1981. In 1991, she had a song in the Top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs for the first time.

Tillis has released many albums. Two of them are "Put Yourself in My Place" and "Sweetheart's Dance".

Tillis was born in Florida. She was raised in Nashville, Tennessee. Her father is the late country music singer Mel Tillis.

WrestleMania 31

WrestleMania 31 was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on March 29, 2015 at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California. It was the thirty-first WrestleMania event held by the WWE. The event earned a record gate of $12.6 million. It also broke Levi's Stadium's attendance record by 6,177 people.

The main event saw Roman Reigns face Brock Lesnar for the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. During the match, Seth Rollins ran to the ring and cashed in his Money in the Bank contract which made the match a triple threat match. Rollins won the match and the championship. Another match on the card saw Sting compete in his first WWE match where he was defeated by Triple H.


Richard W. Burkhardt

Richard Wellington Burkhardt (May 18, 1918 – March 4, 2014) was an American academic. He was the 8th President of Ball State University, from 1978 to 1979. He retired in 1985. He was born in Newton, Massachusetts.

Burkhardt died from natural causes on May 18, 1918 in Muncie, Indiana. He was 95 years old.


Leopoldo María Panero

Leopoldo María Panero (16 June 1948 – 5 March 2014) was a Spanish poet. He was often placed in the Novísimos group. He had fifteen poetic releases between 1970 and 2004. He was born in Madrid.

Panero died from heart failure on 5 March 2014 in Madrid. He was 65 years old.


Alemayehu Atomsa

Alemayehu Atomsa (; 12 February 1969 – 6 March 2014) was an Ethiopian politician. He served as the president of the Oromo Region, the largest of the country's regions, from 2010 until he resgined due to illness in 2014. He was born in Bonaya Boshe, Welega.

Atomsa died from food poisoning on 6 March 2014 at the Bumrungrad International Hospital in Bangkok, Thailand. He was 45 years old.

Brett Borgen

Brett Borgen (7 November 1934 – 11 March 2014) was a Norwegian novelist and poet. Her best known works were "Fra en ikke helt vellykket skuespillerinnes dagbok" (1972), "Dualoger med Vår Herre and Isabella, sorgen og Don Juan" (1977), "En time med Jesus" (1978), "Den fortapte datter" (1979), "Heltinnen" (1981). She also wrote the memoir "Lillelord og Lady Brett" (1985). 

She was born and died in Oslo. She was 79 years old when she died.

Anius

In Greek mythology, Anius was a king of Delos and priest of Apollo. He was the son of Apollo and Rhoeo.

Anius told the Greeks the Trojan War would not be won until the tenth year.

Lapiro de Mbanga

Lambo Sandjo Pierre Roger (7 April 1957 – 16 March 2014), better known as Lapiro de Mbanga, was a Cameroonian singer. He is best known for his 1985 recording of “Pas argent no love” and for being imprisoned in 2008 after criticizing Cameroon president Paul Biya in the song “Constitution constipée” (“Constipated Constitution”). He was born in Mbanga, Southwest Region.

Mbanga died from cancer on 16 March 2014 in Buffalo, New York in the United States. He was 56 years old.

Lake Winnipeg

Lake Winnipeg is a big lake in the province of Manitoba, Canada. It is north of the city of Winnipeg. It is the biggest lake in south Canada.

Palazzo Carignano

The Palazzo Carignano is a former palace in Turin, Italy. It was the residence of the Princes of Carignano, a line directly related to the royal family. It is famous for its unique rounded façade. It was also the birthplace of Princess Marie Louise of Savoy. It was the birthplace of Vittorio Emanuele II of Italy, the first king of Italy. The building is near the larger Royal Palace of Turin.

Kia Forte

The Kia Forte is a small automobile that is built by Kia Motors. The Kia Forte has had two generations, the newest one in 2014. In some places like Costa Rica, Australia and Brazil, the Forte is known as the Kia Cerato, which replaces its former automobile of the same name. The automobile is known as the Kia Cerato Forte in Colombia and Singapore and is known as the Naza Forte in Naza of Malaysia where it has been assembled since 2009.


Aularches

Aularches miliaris is a grasshopper found in south and southeast Asia. It is protected by powerful chemical defences, and its warning colour signals its foul taste.

When it is disturbed or grabbed, it makes a sharp rasping noise with its thoracic segments. Then, if its thorax is pinched, it gives off a toxic foam. It squirts a clear viscous mucus with unpleasant smell and a bitter taste, faintly alkaline, with many bubbles. This foam comes out as a strong jet from openings in the thorax, and more gently from other openings in the body (ten in total). The foam heaps up around the insect and partly covers it.

The head and thorax are dark green with a canary-yellow band on the side. The leathery front wings are green with many yellow spots; the legs are blue, with a yellow serrated pattern on the hind legs. The abdomen is black with bright red bands. 

Like most noxious animals, it is very visible and slow-moving on vegetation. It pays to advertise, and it does not need to hide.


Mitsubishi Outlander

The Mitsubishi Outlander is a mid-size crossover SUV that is built by Mitsubishi Motors. The Mitsubishi Outlander has had three generations, the newest one in 2012. When it was first introduced in Japan in 2001, the vehicle was known as the Mitsubishi Airtrek and it was based on the Mitsubishi ASX concept vehicle that was exhibited at the 2001 North American International Auto Show.

They chose the name Airtrek because it was to "describe the vehicle’s ability to transport its passengers on adventure-packed journeys in a 'free-as-a-bird' manner" and was "coined from Air and Trek to express the idea of footloose, adventure-filled motoring pleasure." The new name Outlander was chosen because it suggested a "feeling of journeying to distant, unexplored lands in search of adventure."


Camelops

Camelops is an extinct genus of camel which lived in North America during the Pleistocene. from two million years ago to about 10,000 years ago.

They were prey for the wolves, bears, lions and "Smilodon". "Camelops" disappeared at the end of the last ice age, as did many other animals.

Evidence of its environment comes from Natural Trap Cave in Wyoming, and from Rancho La Brea in the modern Los Angeles area. These studies suggest that it was not, like modern camels, adapted to desert conditions. It lived in woodland and grasslands with mixed vegetation.

Before the climate change at about 11,000 years ago it lived in "conifer parklands" on the Montana-Wyoming border, and in "coastal shrublands" in California. After the climate change, what had been woodland became "deserts and treeless steppes of the sort so extensive in the present western U.S.A". Even the type of grass which grew there changed.

Evidently, for this animal, the climate change was very significant. Also, the arrival of man as a hunter may have made the situation worse. A few Clovis points have been found in the cave site.

Steppe bison

The steppe bison, or steppe wisent ("Bison priscus"), is an extinct bison. It lived on steppes in Europe, Central Asia, Beringia, and North America during the Quaternary. It is believed that it evolved somewhere in South Asia, That would mean it appeared at about the same time and region as the aurochs, with which its descendants are sometimes confused.

The steppe wisent became extinct in the Pleistocene. It was replaced in Europe by the modern wisent species. It was replaced in America by "Bison latifrons", then later "Bison antiquus"), and finally the modern American bison.

Steppe wisent occasionally appear in cave painting. They are in the famous Cave of Altamira and Lascaux. They have also been found in naturally ice-preserved form.

Perfume Genius

Perfume Genius is the stage name for Mike Hadreas. Hadreas released his first album "Learning" in 2010. "Pitchfork" gave it a score of 8.2 out of 10. In 2012 he released his second album, "Put Your Back N 2 It".

Hadreas is gay. He lives in Seattle.

If You Asked Me To

"If You Asked Me To" is a popular single first performed by Patti LaBelle. The song was from the "Licence to Kill" movie soundtrack. It was also on LaBelle's album "Be Yourself".

The song was released in 1989. It hit top ten on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Three years later, it hit #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. That version was done by Celine Dion in April 1992. Her version hit in America and Canada.

Skin Diamond

Skin Diamond (real name: Raylin Christensen; February 18, 1987) is the an award winning American pornographic actress and nude model. 

Diamond was born in Ventura, California, and raised in Dunfermline, Scotland, where her parents moved as missionaries. She is of Ethiopian, Danish, Czech, Yugoslav, and German descent. Her father is American actor Rodd Christensen. She appeared in the TV series "Balamory" as a child, alongside her only sister, Heather.

Diamond started her career as a mainstream model and posed, among others, for Louis Vuitton, American Apparel and Atsuko Kudo. She made her pornographic debut in a 2009 Burning Angel film. In that film, she was originally only supposed to perform a girl/girl scene, but, in the end, she shot two boy/girl scenes.

In 2012, Diamond posed for comic book artist David Mack, who portrayed her as Echo in the Marvel Comics miniseries "". In 2013 she posed for photographer Terry Richardson.

In 2014, Diamond was on CNBC's list of "The Dirty Dozen: Porn's Most Popular Stars". Diamond was also cast (with Jenna Haze) in an acting role in the music video for hip-hop artist B.o.B for his song "John Doe" which features Priscilla Renea. The single is from B.o.B's third album, "Underground Luxury". She also appeared in the music video for Cheerleader by Omni in 2012.

Diamond has several tattoos, including a Phoenix on her back, which she got to cover an accidental burn. She also has piercings in her navel, right nostril, and both nipples. She is also well known for her distinctive shaved-on-one-side haircut; because of this, she has been featured in the column "Beauty Showdown" in the magazine "Cosmopolitan".


Sheepdog

A sheepdog is a dog trained to herd sheep. Many different breeds can be trained to do this task. One of the most common sheepdog breeds is the Border Collie. 

Lawrence Walsh

Lawrence Edward Walsh (January 8, 1912 – March 19, 2014) was an American lawyer and former U.S. District Court judge and Deputy Attorney General.

Walsh grew up in New York City. He was appointed Independent Counsel in December 1986 to investigate the Iran-Contra affair during the Ronald Reagan Administration.

Walsh died from natural causes at the age of 102 at his Nichols Hills, Oklahoma home.

Patrick Joseph McGovern

Patrick Joseph McGovern, Jr. (August 11, 1937 – March 19, 2014) was an American businessman. He was known for being chairman and founder of International Data Group (IDG). He was listed on the Forbes 400 list of the richest Americans in September, 2013 as having a net worth of $5.1 billion.

McGovern died on March 19, 2014, aged 76.

Ronald Selmour

Ronald Selmour is a Canadian actor. He is well known for his role as Firecracker Man in ABC's "Kingdom Hospital", Sundown in the Discovery Channel's TV miniseries "Klondike" and The Butcher in the CW's "Arrow".

Selmour has been involved in the performing Arts from the early years of his life. Though Profoundly religious, his father was very involved with local theatres taking him to see presentations throughout Port-au-Prince, Haiti. In the early 1980s the family made the difficult decision to let him go to Canada, stayed with his aunt while pursuing his studies. In Montreal, Quebec, there he made the acquaintance of several instrumental people in his life, teachers, professors and a mentor name Solly Levy who introduced him to the Comedia dell'arte. Ever since then, the love for the craft became the guiding light in his life.

Geopolitics

Geopolitics is the study of how a country's geography (location, terrain, land size, climate, soil and raw materials) affect its foreign, economic, military policy and strategy. The word "geopolitics" comes from the words "geography" and "politics". 



Goji

Goji, goji berry or wolfberry is the fruit of "Lycium barbarum" and "Lycium chinense". These are two very closely related species of boxthorn in the family Solanaceae (which also includes the potato, tomato, eggplant, deadly nightshade, chili pepper, and tobacco). The two species are native to Asia.

Alfredo Alcón

Alfredo Félix Alcón (; 3 March 1930 – 11 April 2014) was an Argentine theatre and movie actor. Alcón born in Buenos Aires. Widely considered one of the best, one of the most important and most acclaimed Argentine actors. 

He worked in more than 50 movies. His first movie was, "El amor nunca muere" ("Love Never Dies"), in 1955.

He died in Buenos Aires at the age of 84 from a respiratory illness.

Jesse Winchester

James Ridout Winchester (May 17, 1944 – April 11, 2014) known as Jesse Winchester, was an American musician and songwriter. He was known for being a Vietnam War activist. To avoid going to the war, he moved to Canada. He became a Canadian citizen in 1973, gained amnesty in the U.S. in 1977 and resettled there in the U.S. in 2002.

He recorded many songs with many musical artists. Some of them included Patti Page, Elvis Costello, Jimmy Buffett, Joan Baez, Anne Murray, Reba McEntire, The Everly Brothers and Emmylou Harris.

Winchester died at his home in Charlottesville, Virginia from bladder cancer, aged 69. 


Omer Beriziky

Jean Omer Beriziky (born 9 September 1950) is a Malagasy politician and diplomat. He was the Prime Minister of Madagascar from 2011 to 2014. He was elected in 2011.

Nandu Bhende

Sadanand Atmaram "Nandu" Bhende (; c. 1956 – 11 April 2014) was an Indian musician, singer-songwriter and actor. He was best known for being a member of bands such as Nandu Bhende Band, Savage Encounter, The Brief Encounter and Velvette Fogg. He performed mostly under blues, pop, rock, and soul music genres.

Bhende died from a heart attack on 11 April 2014 in Mumbai, Maharashtra.

Didier Ratsiraka

Vice Admiral Didier Ratsiraka (4 November 1936 – 28 March 2021) was a Malagasy politician. He was the President of Madagascar from 1975 to 1993 and from 1997 to 2002. He was in exile from 2009 to 2011.

Ratsiraka died on 28 March 2021 in Antananarivo, Madagascar from cardiac arrest caused by the influenza at the age of 84.

Albert Zafy

Albert Zafy (1 May 1927 – 13 October 2017) was a Malagasy politician. He was the President of Madagascar from 27 March 1993 to 5 September 1996.

Zafy died on 13 October 2017 at a hospital in Saint-Pierre, Réunion in France of a stroke at the age of 90.

Hery Rajaonarimampianina

Hery Martial Rakotoarimanana Rajaonarimampianina (born November 6, 1958) is a Malagasy politician. He was the 5th President of Madagascar from January 2014 until his resignation in September 2018.

Riina Gerretz

Riina Gerretz (8 July 1939 – 22 March 2014) was an Estonian pianist. She was best known for performing with artists such as Georg Ots, Tiit Kuusik, Hendrik Krumm, Ivo Kuusk, Anu Kaal, Margarita Voites, Jüri Gerretz, Ivo Juul, Yolanda Hernandez, Artur Rinne, Hannes Altrov, Pille Lill and Heidy Tamme. She worked mostly in her native Estonia as well as Finland. During her life, she had the surnames Põder (1939–1958), Villum (1958–1961), Mikiver (1969–1971), Viljanen 1983–2002, Gerretz (until 2014).

Gerretz died after a long illness on 22 March 2014 in Tallinn. She was 74 years old.


Philibert Tsiranana

Philibert Tsiranana (18 October 1912 – 16 April 1978) was a Malagasy politician and leader. He served as the first President of Madagascar from 1959 to 1972.

Gabriel Ramanantsoa

Gabriel Ramanantsoa (13 April 1906 Antananarivo - 9 May 1979 Paris) was an Malagasy politician. He was the President and Prime Minister of Madagascar from 1972 to 1975.

He died in Paris from a heart attack, aged 73.

Sirp

Sirp is the only cultural newspaper published in Estonia. It was first published on 5 October 1940. Until 2013, it was released in black and white.

Jerry Tarkanian

Jerry Esther Tarkanian (August 8, 1930–February 11, 2015), also known as "Tark the Shark", was an American college basketball coach. Tarkanian was one of the most successful coaches in college basketball history, most notably at UNLV. He was a coach for the San Antonio Spurs from 1992 to 1993.

Tarkanian was born in Euclid, Ohio. On February 11, 2015, Tarkanian died at the age of 84 in Las Vegas, where he had been hospitalized days earlier after "difficulty breathing", aged 84.

Percy Lavon Julian

Percy Lavon Julian (April 11, 1899 – April 19, 1975) was an American research chemist and a well known scientist in the chemical synthesis of medicinal drugs from plants. His works would lead to the invention of birth control pills. He was born in Montgomery, Alabama. 

Julian died in Waukegan, Illinois from liver cancer, aged 76.

La Wantzenau

La Wantzenau is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department, Alsace, France. It is close to Strasbourg. There are many Alsatian-style houses left in La Wantzenau. There are also modern houses.

Ill (France)

The Ill is a river in France. It flows through the plain of Alsace. It is an important left tributary of the Rhine river. It is the main river of Alsace. It flows through the Haut-Rhin and the Bas-Rhin departments in the Grand Est region.

The Ill river is long. Its drainage basin has an area of .

The Ill starts in the northern side of the Glaserberg mountain, in the Jura Mountains near the Swiss border, in the "commune" of Winkel, (Haut-Rhin department), at an altitude of about . From here, the Ill flows first to the east to Ferrette and to Illfurth where it is joined by the "Largue" river, the main right tributary of the Ill.

From Illfurth, the Ill runs northward through Alsace, flowing parallel to the Rhine river. 

The Ill river flows within the Grand Est region, 2 departments and 70 "communes". It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Five "communes" in the Alsace have their names from the riverː

Finally, the Ill river flows into the Rhine river in the "commune" of Offendorf, just to the north of Strasbourg.

The main tributaries of the Ill river are all left tributaries; the right tributaries are very short streams. Only the Largue starts in the Jura Mountains; the rest have their sources in the Vosgues mountains, to the east.


Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Strasbourg in the Bas-Rhin department, for the period 1974 - 2017.


Boston Public Library

The Boston Public Library is a municipal public library in Boston, Massachusetts. It was established in 1848. This library is also called Library for the Commonwealth.

Chicago Public Library

The Chicago Public Library (CPL) is the public library system that serves the City of Chicago in the U.S. state of Illinois. It has over 80 libraries in the city. The system was made in 1873.

Chicago Public Schools

Chicago Public Schools (CPS) is a system of public schools in the city of Chicago. It is the third largest school district in the United States. CPS reported having 681 schools including 472 elementary schools, 106 high schools, 96 charter schools, and 7 contract schools. The current "interim" superintendent is Dr. Janice K. Jackson since December 2017.


Richard Lewis

Richard Philip Lewis (June 29, 1947 – February 27, 2024) was an American comedian and actor. He was known for his roles as Marty Gold in "Anything But Love" and as himself in "Curb Your Enthusiasm".

Lewis was born in Brooklyn, New York. He was raised in Englewood, New Jersey. Lewis is Jewish.

In April 2023, Lewis revealed he was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. He died of a heart attack on February 27, 2024 at his home in Los Angeles, California at the age of 76.

Englewood, New Jersey

Englewood is a city in southeastern Bergen County, New Jersey. It was established as a city in 1899. About 29,000 people live in Englewood, as of 2020. Actors John Travolta and Richard Lewis were born in Englewood. 

Vladimir Ivashko

Vladimir Antonovich Ivashko (Russian language: Влади́мир Анто́нович Ива́шко 28 October 1932 – 13 November 1994) was a Ukrainian politician. He was the leader of the Soviet Union for a short time. He became the leader in 1991. He ruled for five days until his political party was declared politically impotent and on 29 August 1991 it was banned.

Ivashko died from an "undisclosed long-illness" in Moscow, aged 62.

Ukk

Pietro Ingrao

Pietro Ingrao (March 30, 1915 – September 27, 2015) was an Italian politician, journalist and former partisan. He had been, for many years, a senior figure in the Italian Communist Party (PCI). He served as President of the Chamber of Deputies from June 5, 1976 to July 19, 1979.

Ingrao was born in Lenola, Italy. He died on September 27, 2015 at the age of 100 in Rome.

Pairi Daiza

Pairi Daiza (before Paradisio) is a private-owned property that has 55 hectares. It is a zoo and a botanical garden open to the public in Hainaut, Belgium. It has more than 55 acres. In this zoo there are approximately 5,000 animals. Pairi Daiza is owned by Pairi Daiza Belgium SA.

The parks has many different animal species. It also has many different activities and attractions for children.


Latin School of Chicago

The Latin School of Chicago is a private elementary, middle, and high school in Chicago. The school was founded in 1888 by Mabel Slade Vickery. Latin School of Chicago is the oldest independent day school in the city of Chicago. Nancy Reagan studied at the Latin School.

Euclid, Ohio

Euclid is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It is near Cleveland. It has a population of 49,692 people. It was made a city in 1930.

Clovis point

Clovis points are the characteristic spear-heads used by the North American Clovis culture. They date from about 13,500 years ago. They are called after the city of Clovis, New Mexico, where examples were first found in 1929.

To the right is a typical Clovis point. The length is 4–20 cm/1.5–8 inches, width: 2.5–5 cm/1–2 inches. The sides are parallel to convex, and show careful pressure flaking along the blade edge. The back end of the blade and base are shaped for hafting (attaching) to a wooden spear or knife-handle. 

Kingdom of Sardinia

The Kingdom of Sardinia was a monarchy that ruled the Italian island of Sardinia. It was established in 1324. It was given to the House of Habsburg. They were eventually forced to give it to the House of Savoy. Since the House of Savoy also ruled Piedmont, the Kingdom was sometimes referred to as Sardinia-Piedmont. The Savoy family ruled from 1720 till 1861 when Italy officially united itself. Under the Savoy family, the capital of the state was Turin. The territory also included the city and surrounding land of Genoa. In Italian it was known as the "Regno di Sardegna".

The kingdom was originally made up of the islands of Corsica and Sardinia. Sovereignty over both of those was claimed by the Popes. While under Spanish rule, the state was ruled by viceroys.


Brita Koivunen

Brita Koivunen-Einiö (31 August 1931 – 12 April 2014) was a Finnish jazz and schlager singer. Some of her most famous songs include "Suklaasydän", "Sävel rakkauden" and "Mamma, tuo mies minua tuijottaa" all from the 1950s. She was born in Helsinki.

Koivunen died on 12 April 2014 in Helsinki, aged 82.


Bangladesh–Laos relations

Bangladesh–Laos relations refer to the bilateral relations between Bangladesh and Laos. Diplomatic relations between the two countries were officially started in 1988. Laos also supports Bangladesh getting observer status in ASEAN.

Norman Girvan

Norman P. Girvan (1941 – 9 April 2014) was a Jamaican economist, educator, and politician. He was Secretary General of the Association of Caribbean States from 2000 until 2004. He was born in Saint Andrew Parish, Surrey County.

Girvan suffered a fall in Dominica sometime in early 2014. He died on 9 April 2014 in Cuba, aged 72.


Michael Sheen

Michael Christopher Sheen (born 5 February 1969) is a Welsh actor. He was first known as a stage actor and appeared in plays such as "Romeo and Juliet" (1992), "Don’t Fool With Love" (1993), "Peer Gynt" (1994), "The Seagull" (1995), "The Homecoming" (1997) and "Henry V" (1997). He soon became a screen actor and had many roles in movies such as "The American President" (1995), "The Deal" (2003), "The Queen" (2006), "Frost/Nixon" (2008), "" (2009), "The Damned United" (2009), "Unthinkable" (2010), "Alice in Wonderland" (2010), "" (2010), "Beautiful Boy" (2010), "The Special Relationship" (2010) and "" (2012).

Sheen was born in Newport. He was in a relationship with English actress Kate Beckinsale from 1995 until 2003. They have a daughter, Lily Mo Sheen (born 1999). In mid-2019 Sheen announced that he and his partner, Anna Lundberg, were expecting their first child together. The couple's daughter Lyra was born in 2019.


Apple Jacks

Apple Jacks is a type of breakfast cereal made by the cereal maker Kellogg's. It has the flavor of apples and cinnamon. The cereal was invented by William Thilly and was introduced in 1965 as "Apple O's". Kellogg's Apple Jacks introduced "Cinnamon Jacks", a multi-grain cinnamon flavored cereal in 2013.

The first Apple Jacks mascot in the 1960s was "Apple Guy", a figure made from cutting a face onto an apple and applying a hat and pieces of cereal for eyes. 
In the late 60s the box related an "Apple Car" with pieces of cereal for wheels. This campaign retired around 6 years later in 1971.


Esmeraldas River

The Esmeraldas River is a river in northwestern Ecuador. It flows into the Pacific Ocean at the city of Esmeraldas. Among its tributaries is the Guayllabamba River which drains Quito.

Zarumilla River

The Zarumilla River is a river in South America. It marks the border between Peru and Ecuador. It is named after the Peruvian town of Zarumilla.

Tumbes River

The Tumbes River ( or Río Túmbez in Peru; Río Puyango in Ecuador), is a river in South America. The river's sources are located between Ecuadorian El Oro and Loja provinces. It borders Ecuador and Peru. The city of Tumbes is located along the river.

Pastaza River

The Pastaza (formerly known as the Sumatara) is a large tributary to the Marañón River in the northwestern Amazon Basin of South America. It is in Ecuador.

List of Thomson MRT Line station names

The Land Transport Authority (LTA) began conducting a public consultation exercise over the internet as well as through survey forms to gather public feedback on the naming of stations for the Thomson Line. Public consultation to source names for all the stations was held from 8 January 2013 to 17 February 2013. Three names for each station were shortlisted for public voting from 23 May 2013 to 17 June 2013.


Pinwheel galaxy

The Pinwheel galaxy (Messier 101, M101 or NGC 5457) is a face-on unbarred spiral galaxy in the constellation of Ursa Major, the Great Bear.

The galaxy is 21 million light-years (six megaparsecs) away from us. It was first discovered by Pierre Méchain on March 27 1781. Charles Messier verified its position and included it in the "Messier Catalogue" as one of the last entries.

In 2006, NASA and the ESA released a very detailed image of the Pinwheel Galaxy, which was the largest and most detailed image of a galaxy by the Hubble Space Telescope at the time. The image was composed from 51 individual exposures, plus some extra ground-based photos.

On August 24 2011, a Type Ia supernova, SN 2011fe, was discovered in M101.

A remarkable property of this galaxy are its huge and extremely bright H II regions, of which about 3,000 can be seen on photographs like the Hubble image. H II regions have numbers of short-lived young and massive blue stars formed from clouds of high density molecular hydrogen. These regions give off huge amounts of ultraviolet light that ionizes the surrounding gas. 

The galaxy contains ULX-1 (an ultra-luminous X-ray source), which is a relatively small black hole, just 20 to 30 times the mass of our Sun.

Michael Fabricant

Sir Michael Louis David Fabricant (born 12 June 1950) is a British Conservative Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament for Mid Staffordshire from 1992 to 1997. He has been the MP for Lichfield since 1997. 

Fabricant was born in Brighton into a Jewish family. He went to Brighton Secondary Technical School. 

Bittern

Bitterns are waterbirds, living mostly in freshwater sites. They are a type of heron, wading birds in the family Ardeidae. They are shorter-necked, and more secretive than other herons. Most of them have good camouflage amongst the reeds where they make their nests.

Bitterns form a monophyletic subfamily of the herons, the Botaurinae.

Bitterns usually frequent reedbeds and similar marshy areas, and feed on amphibians, reptiles, insects, and fish. Unlike the similar storks, ibises, and spoonbills, herons and bitterns fly with their necks retracted, not outstretched.

They were called "hæferblæte" in Old English; the word "bittern" came to English from Old French.

Bitterns are in three genera. The genus "Ixobrychus" contains mainly small species. The genus "Botaurus" has the larger bitterns. There is a single species in a third genus, "Zebrilus". The distribution of bitterns is pretty much worldwide.

Peter Liechti

Peter Liechti (8 January 1951 – 6 April 2014) was a Swiss movie director. He directed over 100 Swiss-German movies. He was nominated for many awards. 

Most of his movies were shown at the Berlin International Film Festival (BIFF). Recently, he was awarded an honorary awards at the BIFF in 2013. He was born in St. Gallen, Switzerland.

Liechti died on 6 April 2014, aged 63.

Elmwood, Illinois

Elmwood is a city in Peoria County, Illinois. It is near the city of Peoria. 

Hockey Night in Canada

Hockey Night in Canada is a branding that is used for presentations of the National Hockey League (NHL) by CBC Sports. It started in 1931 on the CNR Radio network. It debuted on television on October 11, 1952. It has different segments during intermissions and between games including Don Cherry's "Coach's Corner". 

On November 26, 2013, it was announced by the NHL that they had reached a 12-year, $5.2 billion deal with Rogers Communications for exclusive television and digital rights to all their national NHL broadcasts starting at the beginning of the 2014-15 season.


Behavioral economics

Behavioral economics is a part of economics that combines what we know about psychology with what we know about economics. Normally, economics does not consider the way humans actually think, but instead, simplifies decision-making to make economic models easier to understand. This is not a complete picture of how the world, and economics, really works. Normally, economists assume people are rational, meaning they make good decisions at the right times using all information. In real life, people do not do this. They have problems with self-control, problems with time, and make different choices depending on how decisions are presented to them. Behavioral economists look at the world given problems and limitations that result when real humans are faced with decisions.

The study of behavioral economics really began to develop in the middle and towards the end of the 20th century. Psychologists Amos Tversky and Daniel Kahneman wrote a paper called “Prospect Theory,” which was about how the way choices are presented to somebody is just as important as the choices themselves when an individual is making a decision. Later, Hersh Shefrin and Richard Thaler created a savings model which explains how people do not figure out how much to save and spend to stay at a constant level. People would rather spend more now, because humans prefer gratification in the near future. By 1994, Harvard University hired a professor to teach behavioral economics as its own subject. Now, behavioral economics helps explain many complex things that people do. There are many applications of the research, such as how to make public policy more effective or marketing and advertising applications. Also, there are other areas of study branching off from behavioral economics, like behavioral finance, which deals with how people make investments.

Behavioral economics can explain many different kinds of human actions. Some of the topics within the field are:

Loss aversion/Prospect Theory: People are made more upset by losses than they are made happy by gains of the same amount. This is important for how people think about taking risks. Related is the disposition effect, which is closely related to behavioral finance. The disposition effect is the tendency for investors to hold onto losing stocks too long, and sell winning ones too soon. This concept relates to loss aversion, since the investors are putting off making their losses a reality. Also related is the behavioral economic concept of “status quo bias.” This explains that, against what economics would expect, people seem to like their current state more than any other state they see as different.

Mental Accounting: People have separate mental accounts when it comes to spending and saving. Each mental account has a different degree of willingness to spend connected to it, and people assign activities to mental accounts.

Anchoring/ Status Quo Bias: When given an option automatically, people tend to want to stay with that choice, whether or not that choice is what should be best for them.

Unbounded Selfishness: People are mostly driven by self-interest, and will act in a way which produces the best outcome for themselves.

Unbounded Willpower: Individuals lack self-control. Even when they know what is in their best interest, they tend to act otherwise. People are also somewhat aware of their limited willpower.

Now that behavioral economics is growing in popularity, and more social scientists are researching the topic, ways to apply ideas are becoming more common. If framing a choice a certain way will “nudge,” or push, someone to make a better decision, those who are in charge of creating options can use this to produce a better outcome. These outcomes can range from increasing physical activity to decreasing obesity and changing eating habits, to lessening energy use or to reshaping government policies. In the future, the hope is that through small changes, the public will receive large-scale benefits. In Denmark, the Danish government is employing the concept of anchoring to increase the number of drivers who are organ donors. In the United States, the White House hired Cass Sunstein, a behavioral economist, to help guide policymakers. Richard Thaler also works in the US Cabinet on the new Behavioral Insight Team. The U.S., as well as Britain, has considered the idea of default options helping increase retirement savings.

One of the biggest arguments economists have against behavioral economics is that much of its research comes from small-scale research data, instead of real world sources. In addition, a lot of behavioral economic researchers use college students in their studies. College students have less experience than normal individuals. Since this population is a poor representation of an average person, data might show different results than it should.

Some psychologists argue that while behavioral economics is a step in the right direction in explaining why people act they way that they do, it is still far behind in research. They feel that it just changed traditional neoclassical economic theory, when they need to look deeper as to what is actually going on a more psychological and intellectual level.

Tropical Storm Thelma

Tropical Storm Thelma was a 1991 tropical storm. Its winds were near 45-50 mph. It killed between 5,000 and 8,000 people in the Philippines. It hit Negros Occidental, Leyte Island, and Vietnam. The storm caused also about $28 million in damage.

After this, the name "Thelma" was not used for tropical storms. It was replaced by "Teresa".

Jos Chabert

Jozef P. A. "Jos" Chabert (16 March 1933 – 9 April 2014) was a Belgian politician for Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams (Christian Democratic and Flemish; CD&V). He was a Minister of State from 24 November 2009 until his death. Before this, he was a member of the Parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region. He was born in Etterbeek, Brussels-Capital Region.

From 1965 to 1976 he was an alderman of Meise.

Chabert died on 9 April 2014 in Brussels, aged 81.

Emilee Wallace

Emilee Wallace (born September 19, 1989) is an American actress.

Wallace began her acting career in 2005. She has appeared in episodes of the television series "Judging Amy" (2005), "Grey's Anatomy" (2006), "Cold Case" (2008), "Boston Legal" (2008), "Glee" (2009, 2013), "Ghost Whisperer" (2010), "Workaholics" (2012), "Rizzoli & Isles" (2012–present). Apart from television work, she also appeared on the television movies "Company Town" (2006) and "Amish Grace" (2010), and her first feature movie "" (2008).

Wallace was born in Oklahoma City and raised in Edmond, Oklahoma. Her brother, BJ (born 1991), is also an actor. She went to California State University (CSU) and now lives in Los Angeles, California.


Fred Kida

Fred Kida (December 12, 1920 – April 3, 2014) was a Japanese-American comic book and comic strip artist. He was best known for the 1940s aviator hero Airboy and his antagonist and sometime ally Valkyrie during the Golden Age of Comic Books. He was born in Brooklyn, New York City, New York.

Kida died from natural causes on April 3, 2014, aged 93.


Gene Kiniski

Eugene Nicholas "Gene" Kiniski (November 23, 1928 – April 14, 2010) was a Canadian professional wrestler and actor. He became one of the first World Champions in professional wrestling to have a former background in football, after Bronko Nagurski. Kiniski is best known for his time in many different NWA-owned territories where he won multiple championships.

Before starting his wrestling career, Kiniski played football with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL). On his team, Kiniski was joined by future professional wrestlers Wilbur Snyder and Joe Blanchard. Al Oeming and Stu Hart were at the Eskimos training camp when Kiniski was trying out for the team. Kiniski had a lengthy stint in the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF) in 1964. During his time in the WWWF, Kiniski had matches against Bruno Sammartino and they had a match at Madison Square Garden on November 16, 1964. After he Kiniski thought he had pinned Sammartino on the second fall, he took the championship and left. He was counted out be kept the championship until they had a rematch on December 14.

On April 4, 2010, Jim Ross announced on his blog that Kiniski had "taken a turn for the worse and is battling to stay alive. 'Big Thunder's' cancer has spread to his brain and some speculate that is just a matter of time (before he dies)" Kiniski died on April 14, 2010 in Blaine, Washington.


Harry Melling

Harry Edward Melling (born 13 March 1989) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Dudley Dursley in the Harry Potter films. 

Melling was born in London. He became a member of the Millfield Theatre Youth Drama Group when he turned 9.

Melling appeared in five of the Harry Potter films as Harry Potter's cousin Dudley Dursley. After the Harry Potter films ended Melling went to Lamda drama school.

Scott Walker (singer)

Scott Walker (born Noel Scott Engel; January 9, 1943 – March 22, 2019) was an American-born British singer and record producer. He was born in Hamilton, Ohio. He became famous as the lead singer of the pop group The Walker Brothers in the 1960s. After The Walkers Brothers, broke up Walker released albums on his own. Walker was signed to 4AD Records. From 1965, he lived in the United Kingdom. He was an only child. On February 25, 2009, there was a tribute concert to Walker's music in Los Angeles.

Walker died at the age of 76 in London on March 22, 2019 from cancer.

Fine Wind, Clear Morning

Fine Wind, Clear Morning (also known as South Wind, Clear Sky and Red Fuji) is a woodblock print made by Hokusai. 

The art work was printed somewhere between 1830 and 1832 which was during the Edo period. It is the second print in the series, Thirty-six Views of Mount Fuji. It shows that in early autumn when the wind is southerly and when the sky is clear, the rising sun can turn Mount Fuji red.


Fred Ho

Fred Ho (; born Fred Wei-han Houn; August 10, 1957 – April 12, 2014) was an American jazz baritone saxophonist, composer, bandleader, playwright, writer, and social activist. He was known for his place in the African-American and Asian-American music movement. He was born in Palo Alto, California.

Ho died of colorectal cancer at his home in Brooklyn, New York City. He was 56.

Alton Towers

Alton Towers is a theme park in Staffordshire, England. It is near the town Alton.

It has seven large roller coasters and three smaller roller coasters.

Theme: Escapism or escaping normal life



The History Boys

The History Boys is a play by Alan Bennett. It was first shown on 18 May 2004 in London at the Royal National Theatre. It was first shown on Broadway on 23 April 2006 at the Broadhurst Theatre.

The play starts in Cutlers' Grammar School in Sheffield. It is set in the early 1980s.

Scott Putesky

Scott Mitchell Putesky (April 28, 1968 – October 22, 2017), more famously known as Daisy Berkowitz, was an American musician. He was the guitarist for Marilyn Manson until 1996.

Putesky met Brian Warner at a party in 1989. They started Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids. He left the band on May 8, 1996.

In March 2013, he joined with THEE PAUSE, to form "The Daisy Kids".

Putseky was diagnosed with stage-four colorectal cancer in September 2013. He started chemotherapy that month. He died from the disease on October 22, 2017 in San Antonio, Texas at the age of 49.

Carla Bozulich

Carla Ragin Bozulich (born December 24, 1965) is an American musician. She is known for being the lead singer of the Geraldine Fibbers. She was born in New York City. In 1993 "Happy Days, Sweetheart", the only album by Ethyl Meatplow, a band Bozulich was a member of, was released. In 2003 she released her first solo album, "The Red Headed Stranger". In 2012 she released an album with Ches Smith.


Rolf Brem

Rolf Brem (12 February 1926 – 11 April 2014) was a Swiss graphic artist. He was best known as a draftsman, sculptor and illustrator. Many of his sculptures are on display all over Switzerland in public and art galleries. He was born in Lucerne.

Brem died on 11 April 2014 in Meggen, Canton of Lucerne, aged 88.

Palaeoclimatology

Palaeoclimatology (or paleoclimatology) is the study of changes in climate over the entire history of Earth. Modern interest in climate change has caused a great increase in the climates of the past.

The climates of the past can only be studied by proxy. Data comes from studying rocks, sediments, ice and tree rings, corals, shells and microfossils. These records are used to work out the past states of the Earth's climate and its atmospheric system.

Studies of past changes in the life and ecosystems of the past may throw a light on the present. An example is the effect of climate on mass extinctions and the recovery of life after those extinctions.

Knowledge of precise climatic events decreases as the record goes further back in time. Some notable climate events:

Ground tissue

Ground tissue is the name for a number of different kinds of tissue of plants. These kinds are usually classified by looking at the cell walls. There are three different main kinds:

Delegation (band)

Delegation were a British R&B and soul group. Their songs included "Oh Honey". They were active from 1975 until 1999.

"Oh Honey" was sampled by a lot of musicians in the 1980s and 1990s.

Jelly bean

Jelly beans or jellybeans are a bean-shaped candy. They have a gel inside in a soft candy shell. They can come in many different flavors. They were created by William Schrafft and were first introduced in 1861. Schrafft wanted people to send the jelly beans that he made to soldiers during the American Civil War. 

Historians today believe that jelly beans were first linked with the celebration of Easter in the United States during the 1930s. There are different brands of jelly beans, but the main brand is Jelly Belly. Jelly Beans come in a variety of different flavours. They are chewy candies that are small and gooey. There are also Beanboozled jelly beans which are Jelly Beans with varying flavours. An average jellybean is x x and weighs .

Wall Street (1987 movie)

Wall Street is a 1987 American crime drama movie directed by Oliver Stone. It stars Michael Douglas, Charlie Sheen, Daryl Hannah, Martin Sheen, Eli Wallach, Terence Stamp, and Hal Holbrook. It was released on December 11, 1987 to very positive reviews.

It was followed by a sequel, .

The Fog

The Fog is a 1980 American horror movie directed by John Carpenter. It is set in California. It stars Adrienne Barbeau, Jamie Lee Curtis, Tom Atkins, Janet Leigh, and Hal Holbrook. It was released to positive reviews on February 1, 1980.

A remake was made in 2005. 

Magnum Force

Magnum Force is a 1973 American action movie directed by Ted Post. It stars Clint Eastwood, Hal Holbrook, and Mitchell Ryan. It is the first sequel to "Dirty Harry". It was released to positive reviews on December 25, 1973.

Mark Twain Tonight

Mark Twain Tonight is a one man play starring Hal Holbrook as Mark Twain. His first performance as Twain was in 1954 in a college in Pennsylvania. Holbrook won a Tony Award for his performance as Twain. During this play, Holbrook tells some of Twain's stories or give some jokes about Twain's life.

McLemoresville, Tennessee

McLemoresville is a small town in Carroll County, Tennessee. It has the population of 288. 

Actress Dixie Carter was born here.

Denison University

Denison University is a university in Granville, Ohio. It is a liberal arts college. It is Ohio's second oldest liberal arts colleges. It was founded in 1831. 

Rapture (album)

Rapture was the second album from Anita Baker. It was her breakout album. The album sold over eight million copies (five million in the United States).

This record was released in 1986. "Sweet Love" was one song from the album.

Belhaven, North Carolina

Belhaven is a town in eastern of North Carolina. The town had 1,410 people at the 2020 census.

The town is in the Inner Banks areas.

Barry Corbin

Leonard Barrie Corbin, known as Barry Corbin (born October 16, 1940), is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "Northern Exposure", "Lonesome Dove", "WarGames", "One Tree Hill", and in "Anger Management".

Corbin was born in Lamesa, Texas.


William Russell

William Russell Enoch (born 19 November 1924), better known as William Russell, is an English actor. He was born in Sunderland, County Durham. He is best known for the role as Ian Chesterton in "Doctor Who".

Ernesto Laclau

Ernesto Laclau (; 6 October 1935 – 13 April 2014) was an Argentine political theorist. He was a post-Marxist. His career began in 1986 as a professor at the University of Essex. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Laclau died of a heart attack in Seville, Spain, aged 78.

Harvey Pekar

Harvey Lawrence Pekar (; October 8, 1939 – July 12, 2010) was an American comic book writer, music critic and media personality. He is best known for his autobiographical "American Splendor" comic series. 

In 2003, the series inspired a well-received movie version of the same name.

Pekar was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He suffered from prostate cancer and clinical depression. He died in Cleveland Heights, Ohio from an accidental overdose of antidepressants fluoxetine and bupropion, aged 70.

Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981

The Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981, also known as the ERTA or "Kemp-Roth Tax Cut", was a federal law signed into law in the United States in 1981. 

It was an act "to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 to encourage economic growth through reductions in individual income tax rates, the expensing of depreciable property, incentives for small businesses, and incentives for savings, and for other purposes". 

Tax Reform Act of 1986

The U.S. Congress passed the Tax Reform Act of 1986 (TRA) to simplify the income tax code, broaden the tax base and take away many tax shelters and other preferences. It was part of a set of bills known as the "Reagan tax cuts".

Reagan's Neshoba County Fair &quot;states' rights&quot; speech

States' rights was a speech made by President Ronald Reagan in 1980. It happened in a county fair in Philadelphia, Mississippi. 

This is what Reagan said:

Reagan's speech was controversial.


An American Life

An American Life is the 1990 autobiography by former American President Ronald Reagan. It was released almost two years after Reagan left office. The book reached number eight on "The New York Times Best Seller list".

Liberal conservatism

Liberal conservatism is a political ideology that combines elements of conservatism and economic liberalism. Liberal conservatives believe in the free market and laissez-faire economic policies combined with traditional conservative values, such as the belief in natural inequality, the importance of religion, and the value of traditional morality. In a way, liberal conservatism is the opposite of classical liberalism, a belief that supports both economic and individual freedom.

This term should not be confused for conservative liberalism, which is an offshoot of liberalism, not conservatism.

Conservative liberalism

Conservative liberalism is a political ideology that can be best described as representing the right-wing of the liberal ideology. Conservative liberalism is a more positive and less radical version of classical liberalism. For example, the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, a political party in the Netherlands is a conservative liberal party.

Conservative liberalism should not be confused for liberal conservatism, which is an offshoot of conservatism, not liberalism.

Brian Harradine

Richard William Brian Harradine (9 January 1935 – 14 April 2014) was an Australian politician. He served as an independent member of the Australian Senate, from 1975 to 2005. He represented the state of Tasmania. He was the longest-serving independent federal politician in Australian history and a Father of the Senate.

Harradine died in Tasmania, Australia from a stroke, aged 79.

Economic liberalism

Economic liberalism is a political ideology based on strong support for a market economy, private property in the means of production and opposition to government intervention in the economy, e.g. opposition to public ownership and opposing the regulation of industries. Economic liberals believe in the free market and laissez-faire economic policies.
It is also known as complex interdependence.

Philadelphia, Mississippi

Philadelphia is a city and a county seat of Neshoba, Mississippi, Mississippi, United States. The population was 7,118 at the 2020 census.

Gordon Jump

Alexander Gordon Jump (April 1, 1932 – September 22, 2003) was an American actor. He is known for playing Mr. Horton in a two-part special of "Diff'rent Strokes". He is also known for playing the Maytag repairman. He was born in Dayton, Ohio.

Jump died in Los Angeles, California from pulmonary fibrosis, aged 71.

Jack Paar

Jack Harold Paar (May 1, 1918 – January 27, 2004) was an American author, radio and television comedian and talk show host. He is best known as host of "The Tonight Show" from 1957 to 1962. He was born in Canton, Ohio.

Paar died in Greenwich, Connecticut from a stroke, aged 85.

Darlington, Indiana

Darlington is a town in Montgomery County, Indiana. 

It had a population of 711 residents in 2020.

Lewis Black

Lewis Niles Black (born August 30, 1948) is an American comedian, author, playwright, social critic, and actor. He is known for his Comedy Central series "Lewis Black's Root of All Evils" and for his voice role of Anger in Disney Pixar's "Inside Out". He made a regular appearance on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart". 

Black was born in Silver Spring, Maryland.

Cedarville, Ohio

Cedarville is a village in Greene County, Ohio. It has a population of 4,257 people. It is home to Cedarville University.

List of WWE Champions

This is the title history of the WWE Championship. The title was introduced in 1963 by the then-World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF). It is recognized as the top championship in the WWE.

The wrestler with the most reigns as WWE champion is John Cena with 13. Ric Flair and John Cena hold the most world championship reigns recognized by WWE, across multiple companies, tied with 16. The longest reigning champion is Bruno Sammartino, holding the championship for 7 years, 8 months, and 1 day from May 17, 1963, to January 18, 1971. The current champion is Roman Reigns, who is in his 4th reign as champion.

As of 31, 2024

The title was renamed the WWF Heavyweight Championship after the World Wide Wrestling Federation became the World Wrestling Federation in March 1979.
Minutes

It was also revealed that Earl Hebner, who was said to have been refereeing the match, wasn't even in the ring. Instead, DiBiase paid for another referee to have plastic surgery to look like Hebner so that he could guarantee Andre would win the WWF Championship. This is the shortest reign in the championship's history.
He defeated DiBiase in a tournament final to win the vacant title.

a
On July 19, the WWE Championship became exclusive to the SmackDown brand after Dean Ambrose was drafted in the 2016 WWE draft.
On August 15, Baron Corbin cashed in his Money In the Bank Contract however Mahal retained, resulting setting a record for the shortest WWE Championship match at 6 seconds.


Rafał Sznajder

Rafał Jerzy Sznajder (13 October 1972 – 13 April 2014) was a Polish fencer. He competed in three Summer Olympic Games (1996, 2000 and 2004). He won a bronze medal at both the 1997 and 2001 World Fencing Championships. He was born in Będzin.

Sznajder died from a heart attack on 13 April 2014 in Plovdiv, Bulgaria. He was 41.


Mixels

Mixels is a 2014 American-Danish Cartoon Network short comedy. It was created with LEGO, produced by Cartoon Network and distributed by Warner Bros..


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Series 1 was released on March 1, 2014, and consists of the tribes the Infernites, the Cragsters, and the Electroids.
Series 2 was released on June 1, 2014, and consists of the tribes the Frosticons, the Fang Gang, and the Flexers.

Series 3 was released on September 1, 2014, and consists of the tribes the Glorp Corp, the Spikels, and the Wiztastics.

Series 4 was released on February 1, 2015, and consists of the tribes the Orbitons, the Infernite Cousins, and the Glowkies.

Series 5 was released on June 1, 2015, and consists of the tribes the Klinkers, the Frosticon Cousins, and the Lixers.

Series 6 was released on October 1, 2015, and consists of the tribes the Weldos, the Glorp Corp Cousins, and the Munchos.

Series 7 was released on February 1, 2016, and consists of the tribes the MCPD (Mixopolis City Police Department), the Medivals, and the Mixies.

Series 8 was released on June 1, 2016, and consists of the tribes the MCFD (Mixopolis City Fire Department), the Pyrratz, and the Medix.

Series 9–the final series of the line–was released on October 1, 2016, and consists of the tribes the Trashoz, the Nindjas, and the Newzers.

Shortly after Cartoon Network announced that the episode "Nixel Nixel Go Away" will be the series finale, The Lego Group cancelled production of the toy line. As a result, the theme was discontinued.

Diamanda Galás

Diamanda Galás (born August 29, 1955) is an American avant-garde artist.

Galás was born and raised in San Diego, California, to Greek Orthodox parents. In 1982 her first album was released. In 1988 Galás joined ACT UP. In 1996 a book she wrote called "The Shit of God" was published. In 2005 Galás was given the Demetrio Stratos International Career Award.

Emma Stevens

Emma Nadine Stevens (born May 4, 1986) is an English singer-songwriter.

Stevens was born in Guildford. She grew up in Shalford.


Church of Misery

Church of Misery (チャーチ・オブ・ミザリー Chāchi obu Mizarī?) is a doom metal band from Tokyo, Japan. Most of their songs are about serial killers. Their first album was released in 2001.

Rossiyane

Rossiyane () is a Russian language word that refers to all citizens of Russia. They were mostly born in Russia and mostly live in Russia. It is used in the Russian language to differentiate between people of Russia of all ethnic origins and Russians as an ethnicity (Russian plural: русские "russkiye"). It includes Tatars, Bashkirs, Chuvash people, Chechens, etc. Rossiyane have a common history and share a common Russia-related culture. In English the word "Russians" is ambiguous.

Rossiyanin () is the masculine form and Rossiyanka () is feminine.

Cucujiformia

The Cucujiformia is an infraorder of polyphagan beetles. It includes most plant-eating beetles.

It has six superfamilies:

Aragón (river)

The Aragón River (; ) is a river in northern Spain. It is one of the left-hand tributaries of the river Ebro.

The river gave its name to the historic Kingdom of Aragon and, then, to the modern Autonomous Community of Aragón.

The Aragón river is long. Its drainage basin has an area, including the area of the Arga river, of ; without the Arga river, its chief tributary, the area is .

The areas of the different parts of the watershed of the Aragón River are:

The source of the Aragón river is in the Astún Valley, in the Pyrenees, in the Huesca province (Aragon) next to the border with France, at an altitude of .

It leaves the high mountains and flows to the south through the Canfranc valley and then turns to the west in Jaca. In Jaca, its discharge is but it is increased by some tributaries as Gas, Lubierre, Candanchú, Estarrún, Aragón Subordán, Aragón Veral and Esca. When the river gets into Yesa, where is the Yesa dam, the discharge is .

Below the dam, the Aragón river flows to the southwest into Navarre, and finally flows into the Ebro river at Milagro, where the discharge is .

The main tributaries of the Aragón river are in Navarre; these are Iratí, Cidacos and Arga.


Forêt de la Robertsau

The Forêt de la Robertsau (English: Robertsau Forest) is a forest in Strasbourg and La Wantzenau, France. People go jogging, biking, running and walking there. 

Enchanted forest

An enchanted forest is a magical forest described in books. It is usually described in old tales and folklore. Usually the magic forest has bad effects rather than good ones.

Sesame Workshop

Sesame Workshop (SW), originally known as the Children's Television Workshop (CTW) is an American non-profit organization for the research and production of educational children's programs. It established in 1968.

The Workshop oversaw the production of "Sesame Street", a television show for pre-school children from low-income families. Two years were spent, from 1966 to 1968, researching, developing, and raising money for the new show. It was called "one of the most important television developments of the decade".

"Sesame Street" premiered on PBS in the United States in November 1969. Since then, the Workshop has made many different shows, like "The Electric Company", "Ghostwriter", and "The Upside Down Show". In 1999, the Workshop started its own TV channel, called Noggin.

Co-founder Joan Ganz Cooney said of the CTW model: "From the beginning, we—the planners of the project—designed the show as an experimental research project with educational advisers, researchers, and television producers collaborating as equal partners". She described the collaboration as an "arranged marriage".

Cooney's proposal included using "in-house formative research". This would inform and improve production. Independent evaluations tested the show's impact on its young viewers' learning.

Gerald S. Lesser and Edward L. Palmer were hired to do research for the show. Lesser and Palmer were the only scientists in the U.S. studying children and television at the time. They were responsible for developing a system of planning, production, and evaluation, and the interaction between television producers and educators, later called the "CTW model".

After "Sesame Street"s initial success, the CTW began to think about its survival. Their funding sources were organizations that tended to start projects, not sustain them. Government funding ended by 1981.

The CTW expanded into other areas, including the publications of books and music, international co-productions, interactive media and new technologies, licensing arrangements, and outreach programs to preschools. By 2005, income from the CTW's international co-productions of the show was $96 million. By 2008, the "Sesame Street" Muppets accounted for $15–17 million per year in licensing and merchandising fees.


Justin Marie Bomboko

Justin Marie Bomboko (22 September 1915 – 10 April 2014) was a Congolese civil servant. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs for the Congo. He became minister in 1960. He is often called "The Father of Independence" for the Congolese.

Bomboko died from a long illness in Brussels, Belgium, aged 98.

Edna Doré

Edna Doré, née Gorring, (31 May 1921 – 11 April 2014) was a British actress. Doré was known for her bit-part roles in situation comedies. She is mostly known for playing the character of Mo Butcher in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" (1988–1990). She was born in Bromley, Kent, England.

Doré died from emphysema at her Sussex, England home, aged 92.

Vilmos Zsigmond

Vilmos Zsigmond, A.S.C. (June 16, 1930 – January 1, 2016) was a Hungarian-American cinematographer. He was known for his work in "Close Encounters of the Third Kind". He won an Academy Award and a BAFTA Award during his career.

Zsigmond was born in Szeged, Hungary. He became an American citizen in 1962. Zsigmond died at his home in Big Sur, California at the age of 85.

Freeman Dyson

Freeman John Dyson FRS (December 15, 1923 – February 28, 2020) was an English-born-American theoretical physicist and mathematician. He was known for his work in quantum electrodynamics, solid-state physics, astronomy and nuclear engineering. He gained a bachelor degree at the University of Cambridge. In 1957, he became an American citizen.

Dyson was born in Crowthorne, Berkshire, England, the son of George Dyson. Dyson died on February 28, 2020 at a hospital in Princeton, New Jersey from a fall, aged 96.

He won many scientific awards, including the Wolf Prize in Physics in 1981.


Harold Stassen

Harold Edward Stassen (April 13, 1907 – March 4, 2001) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Stassen was born in West St. Paul, Minnesota. He studied at the University of Minnesota Law School.

He was the 25th Governor of Minnesota. He served as governor from 1939 to 1943. He ran for President of the United States nine times in the Republican primaries from 1944 to 1992 (1944, 1948, 1952, 1964, 1968, 1980, 1984, 1988, and 1992).

Stassen married Esther G. Glewwe in 1929. Their marriage would last until his death in 2001. They had two children; Glenn and Kathleen.

Stassen died in Bloomington, Minnesota from natural causes, aged 93.

Alan Cranston

Alan MacGregor Cranston (June 19, 1914 – December 31, 2000) was an American politician and journalist. He was the United States senator of California. He served as senator from 1969 to 1993. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Cranston ran for President of the United States in 1984, but lost the Democratic Party primary to Walter Mondale.

Cranston died in Los Altos, California from natural causes, aged 86.

Ben Fernandez

Ben Fernandez (February 24, 1925 – April 25, 2000) was an American politician, financial consultant, World War II veteran, and special ambassador. He was America's first major-party presidential nominee of an Hispanic origin. He ran as a Republican. He ran for president in 1980, 1984, and in 1988. He lost during the primaries to Ronald Reagan, in 1980 and 1984, and to George H. W. Bush in 1988.

Lowell Weicker

Lowell Palmer Weicker Jr. (May 16, 1931 – June 28, 2023) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Governor of Connecticut. He served as governor from 1991 to 1995. Weicker was a Republican. He ran for President of the United States in 1980, but lost the primary to Ronald Reagan. 

From 1971 to 1989, Weicker was the United States Senator from Connecticut. From 1969 to 1971, Weicker represented the state's 4th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives.

Weicker, Jr. was born in Paris, France to American parents. He died on June 28, 2023 at a hospital in Middletown, Connecticut at the age of 92.

Cliff Finch

Charles Clifton "Cliff" Finch (April 4, 1927 – April 22, 1986) was an American politician. He was the 56th Governor of Mississippi. He served as governor from 1976 to 1980. He was a Democrat. 

He ran for President of the United States in 1980, but lost the primary to Jimmy Carter.

Finch died in Batesville, Mississippi from a heart attack, aged 59.

Terry Sanford

James Terry Sanford (August 20, 1917 – April 18, 1998) was an American politician and educator. He was the United States senator of North Carolina. He served as senator from 1986 to 1993. He was a Democrat.

Sanford ran for President of the United States in 1976, but lost the primary to Jimmy Carter.

Sanford died in Durham, North Carolina from esophageal cancer, aged 80.

Henry M. Jackson

Henry Martin "Scoop" Jackson (May 31, 1912 – September 1, 1983) was an American politician. He was the United States senator of Washington. He served as senator from 1953 to 1983. He was a member of the Democratic Party. 

He ran for President of the United States during the presidential elections in 1976, but lost to Jimmy Carter during the primary.

Jackson died in Everett, Washington from an aortic aneurysm, aged 71.

Mo Udall

Morris King "Mo" Udall (June 15, 1922 – December 12, 1998) was an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Arizona's 2nd district. He served as a representative from 1961 to 1991. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Udall ran for President of the United States in 1976, but lost to Jimmy Carter during the primaries.

Udall died in Washington, D.C. from complications of Parkinson's disease, aged 76.

Birch Bayh

Birch Evans Bayh, Jr. (January 22, 1928 – March 14, 2019) was an American politician. He served as a United States senator of Indiana. He served as senator from 1963 to 1981. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Terre Haute, Indiana.

He ran for President of the United States in 1976, but lost to Jimmy Carter during the primary. He was known for co-authoring and introducing Title IX to the Senate. 

Bayh authored the twenty-fifth and the twenty-sixth amendments to the United States Constitution. His is the only non-founding father to author two amendments. He also proposed to remove the electoral college and to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment.

Bayh lost his re-election bid in 1980 to future Vice President Dan Quayle with a vote margin of 53.8% to 46.2%.

Bayh's son, Evan, is a former Indiana governor and senator. 

Bayh died on March 14, 2019 in Easton, Maryland from pneumonia, aged 91.

 Retrieved on 2009-05-08

Larry Pressler

Larry Lee Pressler (born March 29, 1942) is an American politician. He was born in Humboldt, South Dakota and was the United States senator of South Dakota. He served as senator from 1979 to 1997. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Pressler ran for President of the United States in 1980, but lost to Ronald Reagan during the primary. Pressler announced in 2013, that he would run for the senate seat as an Independent. He soon lost the election to Republican Governor Mike Rounds.

Yongle Encyclopedia

The Yongle Encyclopedia was a Chinese compilation of information. It was ordered by the Ming Dynasty emperor Yongle in 1403, and completed by 1408. It was the world's largest known general encyclopedia at its time, and held this record for six centuries. 

In the Chinese language it is: . This means "The Great Canon or Vast Documents of the Yongle Era".

Los Altos, California

Los Altos is a city in Santa Clara County, California. It is on the San Francisco Peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area. Its population was 31,625 in 2020.

Wayne Morse

Wayne Lyman Morse (October 20, 1900 – July 22, 1974) was an American politician. He was the United States senator of Oregon. He served as senator from 1945 to 1969. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Morse ran for President of the United States in 1960, but lost the primary to John F. Kennedy.

Morse died in Portland, Oregon from kidney failure, aged 73.

Arthur H. Vandenberg

Arthur Hendrick Vandenberg (March 22, 1884 – April 18, 1951) was an American politician. Vandenberg was known for being part of the creation of the United Nations with Franklin D. Roosevelt.

Vandenberg was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He studied at the University of Michigan.

In 1906, Vandenberg was married to Elizabeth Watson. Watson died in 1917. They had three children. Vandenberg married Hazel Whittaker in 1918. Their marriage lasted until his death in 1951. They had no children. 

He was the United States senator of Michigan. He served as senator from 1928 until his death in 1951. He was also the President pro tempore of the United States Senate from 1947 to 1949.

Vandenberg was a member of the Republican Party. He ran for President of the United States in 1948, but lost the primary to Thomas E. Dewey. 

Vandenberg died in Grand Rapids, Michigan from cancer, aged 67.

Doctor Eggman

Dr. Ivo "Eggman" Robotnik is the main antagonist of Sonic the Hedgehog. He first appeared in 1991 in the game "Sonic the Hedgehog" for Sega Mega Drive. He last appeared in 2022 in the game "Sonic Frontiers".

In April 1990, Sega wanted a character to replace Alex Kidd as the company's mascot. One of the designs was a caricature of Theodore Roosevelt. This became the basis for the design of Dr. Eggman. They wanted a character that was the opposite of Sonic, a character that would represent technology and development. The character was also designed to be easily drawable by children.

Eggman is a distinguished scientist and mechanical genius with an IQ of 300. He is an expert in the field of robotics. Despite all this, Eggman uses intelligence on purposes. He attempts to conquer the world and create his own utopia. Despite many setbacks, he never gives up and he does not care what others think of his actions. He considers anyone who opposes his plans is a serious threat. Despite his intellect, Eggman is often insane. Sometimes he can’t even except the fact that he is in trouble. He also doesn't like snooping.

Amy Rose

Amy Rose is a fictional character from the Sonic the Hedgehog video game series created by Sega. She is a pink anthropomorphic hedgehog who has a crush on the main character, Sonic. Amy is known for being optimistic, bubbly, and always eager to help her friends. She is often depicted carrying a large hammer, which she uses to defend herself and her friends. Amy first appeared in the Sonic the Hedgehog CD game in 1993 and has since become a recurring character in the series. 

Amy was designed by Kazuyuki Hoshino and first debuted in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" manga published by Shogakukan, followed by her official debut in the 1993 video game "Sonic CD" under the name Rosie the Rascal; since then, she has appeared in several games, television series, comics, and anime as the main character.

Amy is among the series' most controversial characters; although many journalists have found her character cute and powerful, others have found her annoying, with several also criticizing her implications in gender representation in video games; despite this, Amy Rose is consistently ranked as among the most popular characters, having appeared in several pieces of merchandise since 1993.

Amy Rose was created by Kazuyuki Hoshino, who was a character designer and visual designer for "Sonic CD". Naoto Ohshima, who'd originally created Sonic and who was spear-heading the project, influenced Amy's design of her headband and trainer shoes. Her hair was originally color red, and her skirt orange. Amy was redesigned by Yuji Uekawa in "Sonic Adventure" with a red dress and boots. Although "Sonic CD" was Amy's intended debut, she ended up appearing a year prior in Kenji Terada's "Sonic the Hedgehog" manga.

In the Japan, Amy Rose is voiced by Taeko Kawata, with the exception being "Sonic Shuffle" where she is voiced by Emi Motoi. Her English voice actor has changed several times; she was originally voiced by Jennifer Douillard from "Sonic Adventure" to "Sonic Advance 3", before being replaced by Lisa Ortiz, who'd previously voiced the character in "Sonic X"; she was replaced with Cindy Robinson in 2010 who continued voiced the character until announcing her departure in 2021.

In the Japanese version of "Sonic CD", Amy was named Rosie the Rascal, while the American version instead calls her Sally Acorn, a character who appeared in the American television series and Archie comic book.

Amy Rose is an anthropomorphic pink hedgehog appearing in the video game series "Sonic the Hedgehog", published by Sega. She first appeared in "Sonic CD" (1993), the first and only "Sonic" game released for the Sega Genesis add-on the Sega CD. Her roles in the games varies, with several main series games including "Sonic Adventure" (1998), "Sonic Heroes" (2003) and "Sonic the Hedgehog" (2006) featuring her as a playable character. Others, including "Sonic Adventure 2" (2001) limit her to a non-playable role.

In the series, Amy is generally depicted as cheerful, yet strong. She also tends to insists that she is Sonic's girlfriend and follows him, despite Sonic tending to ignore her. Due to her not possessing the speed of other character, Amy defends herself with a large hammer.

Amy Rose has been met with a polarizing reception from media critics. Lucas Thomas of IGN spoke positively of the character saying "one of the coolest things about Amy is her enormous, walloping hammer". Contrarily, both Thomas East and Jim Sterling consider her among the worst "Sonic" characters, with them criticizing her personality. Justin Towell of GamesRadar considers her introduction in "Sonic CD" one of its flaws, although he added that she is not the "annoying brat like in "Sonic Adventure"". Cindy Robinson's voice acting has also been met with criticism, with several drawing comparisons to Minnie Mouse's voice.

In addition, Amy has been criticized for her implications in gender representation in video games; the Electronic Gaming Monthly staff noted that her pink coloring and tendency to run away from danger are in common with Japanese female characters.

Despite the divisive reception, Amy is among the most popular characters in the series by fans; in a Japanese poll in 2006, Amy ranked as the fifth most popular character, behind Knuckles, Tails, Shadow and Sonic respectively.

Hal Smith (catcher)

Harold Raymond "Hal" Smith (June 1, 1931 – April 12, 2014) was an American Major League Baseball catcher. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1956 until 1961 and briefly for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1965. He was born in Barling, Arkansas.

Smith died on April 12, 2014 in Fort Smith, Arkansas, aged 82. He was outlived by his wife and three children.


Megaflood

A megaflood is a flood which suddenly releases a huge amount of water. In geomorphology it is sometimes called an outburst flood. At the end of the last ice age, many large floods were caused by the collapse of ice sheets or glaciers which formed the dams of glacial lakes.

Examples of older outburst floods are known from the geological past of the Earth. Landslides, lahars, and volcanic dams can block rivers and create lakes. When the rock or earth barrier collapses, or is eroded, this triggers a flood. Lakes also form behind glacial moraines, which can collapse and create outburst floods.

It is claimed that a rising sea flood led to refilling of the freshwater glacial Black Sea with water from the Aegean. It is described as "a violent rush of salt water into a depressed fresh-water lake in a single catastrophe that has been the inspiration for the flood mythology".

The marine incursion was caused by the rising level of the Mediterranean about 7,600 years ago. It is the subject of debate among geologists. The existence of the flood is not certain, and the theory that it was the basis for later flood myths is not proven.

A theory proposed by Andrey Tchepalyga of the Russian Academy of Sciences dates the flooding of the Black Sea basin to an earlier time and from a different cause. According to Tchepalyga, global warming beginning from about 16,000 years ago caused the melting of the Scandinavian ice sheet. This caused a massive river discharge which flowed into the Caspian Sea. The Caspian basin could not contain all the floodwater, which flowed into the ancient Black Sea basin. This would have flooded large areas that were previously settled or used for hunting. Tchepalyga suggests this may have formed the basis for legends of the great Deluge.

Originally there was an isthmus across the Strait of Dover. During an earlier glacial maximum, the exit from the North Sea was blocked to the north by an ice dam, and the water flowing out of rivers backed up into a vast lake on the bed of what is now the North Sea. A gently upfolding chalk ridge linked the Weald of Kent and Artois, perhaps some 30 metres (100 feet) higher than the current sea level.

At some time, probably around 425,000 years ago, and again around 225,000 years later, the barrier failed.

This let loose a catastrophic flood which diverted the Rhine into the English Channel and separated Britain from the continent of Europe. A sonar study of the sea bed of the English Channel showed unmistakable signs of a megaflood on the English Channel seabed.

A catastrophic flood refilled the Mediterranean Sea 5.3 million years ago. The flood occurred when Atlantic waters found their way through the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean basin, which was then a salt lake and salt bed.

In North America during glacial maximum, there were no Great Lakes as we know them. but "proglacial" (ice-frontage) lakes formed and shifted. The most famous of these proglacial lakes was Lake Agassiz. Melting ice caused a series of great floods from Lake Agassiz. Massive amounts of freshwater was added to the world's oceans.

The last of the North American proglacial lakes, north of the present Great Lakes, reached its largest volume around 8,500 years ago, when joined with Lake Agassiz. But its outlet was blocked by the great wall of the glaciers and it drained by tributaries into the Ottawa and St. Lawrence Rivers far to the south. About 8,300 to 7,700 years ago, the ice-dam failed catastrophically. Lake Ojibway's beach terraces show that it was above sea level. The volume of Lake Ojibway is estimated to have been about 163,000 cubic kilometres, more than enough water to cover a flattened-out Antarctica with a sheet of water deep. That volume was added to the world's oceans in a matter of months.

The detailed timing and rates of change after the onset of melting of the great ice-sheets are subjects of continuing study.

A landslide dam on Sichuan's Dadu River burst and caused a flood on 10 June 1786. The flood extended 1400 km downstream and killed 100,000 people. This was one of the worst landslide-related disasters in history.

Erik Erikson

Erik Homburger Erikson (born Erik Salomonsen; 15 June 1902 – 12 May 1994) was a German-born American developmental psychologist and psychoanalyst. Erikson is known for his theory on psychosocial development of human beings. Erikson is also known for coining the phrase "identity crisis". His son is Kai T. Erikson, a sociologist.

In 1970, Erikson won a Pulitzer Prize in "General Nonfiction" and won a U.S. National Book Award in the "Philosophy and Religion" category, both for "Gandhi's Truth".

Erikson died at the Rosewood Manor Nursing Home in Harwich, Massachusetts on 12 May 1994.


Lucy (2014 movie)

Lucy is a 2014 French science fiction superhero action movie. It is about street gangs, drugs and changing of the title character to superhuman. It was written and directed by Luc Besson and is set in Taipei. Scarlett Johansson plays Lucy. Morgan Freeman plays Norman.

The movie was released in July 2014 in the United States.

Air China Flight 129

Air China flight 129 is an international scheduled flight from Beijing to Busan. On April 15, 2002, the Boeing 767-2J6ER flying the route crashed into a mountain while trying to land at Busan-Gimhae International Airport. Of the 166 people on the aircraft, 129 were killed. Investigators determined that pilot error was the cause of the crash.

This was the first time an Air China crash killed people. It was also the worst plane crash in South Korea.

Lake Mattamuskeet

Lake Mattamuskeet is a lake in the U.S. state of North Carolina.

Pinehurst Resort

Pinehurst Resort is a historic golf resort in Pinehurst, North Carolina. It is in the Coastal Plains.

Owen Woodhouse

Lieutenant Commander Sir Arthur Owen Woodhouse (18 July 1916 – 15 April 2014), better known as Owen Woodhouse, was a New Zealand lawyer, jurist and chair of government commissions. He was a member of the Supreme Court. He later served as President of the Court of Appeal from 1981 until 1986.

Woodhouse was born in Napier and studied at the University of Auckland. During World War II, he served as a lieutenant commander in the Royal New Zealand Naval Volunteer Reserve.

Woodhouse died from natural causes on 15 April 2014 in Auckland, aged 97.

Davidson Black

Davidson Black (July 25, 1884 – March 15, 1934) was a Canadian doctor who studied anatomy and anthropology. He was born in Toronto and died in Peking (now Beijing). In 1927, he led a team that discovered bone fossils from an early species of human beings in China. The fossils were about 750,000 years old. They belonged to the species "Sinanthropus pekinensis" or Peking Man. He and his team found these fossils near the village of Zhoukoudian, near Beijing.

He graduated from the University of Toronto. In 1921, he became a professor of anatomy in China at Peking Union Medical College. He died on March 15, 1934.

Rhys Darby

Rhys Montague Darby (born 21 March 1974) is a New Zealand actor and comedian. He is best known for playing Murray Hewitt, the band manager of Flight of the Conchords, in the HBO television series of the same name (2007–2009). He has since appeared in movies such as "Yes Man" (2008), "The Boat That Rocked" (2009), "" (2009), "Love Birds" (2011), "Arthur Christmas" (2011), and "What We Do in the Shadows" (2014).

Darby was born in Auckland. He grew up in the suburb of Pakuranga. He was a soldier in the New Zealand Army. He is married to Rosie Carnahan. The couple have two children.


Albert Sidney Johnston

Albert Sidney Johnston (February 2, 1803 – April 6, 1862) was a Confedeate general during the American Civil War. He was born in 1803 in Tennessee. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1826. He resigned from the U.S. army in 1834 after his wife died. He then joined the Texas army during the Texas Revolution and continued serving in it after Texas became a republic. In 1840 he resigned from the Texas army and moved to Kentucky.

Johnston rejoined the U.S. army for the Mexican–American War. By 1860 he was in charge of the U.S. army in California. He resigned in May 1861 after Texas joined the Confederate States of America. He was made a four star general in the Confederate army and put in charge of the Confederate units in Kentucky and Tennessee. He was killed at the Battle of Shiloh on April 6, 1862.

Brick Mansions

Brick Mansions is a 2014 French urban crime movie. The movie is about crimes in Detroit and plans to ruin the area. Paul Walker plays Damien Collier.

The movie was released on April 25, 2014. It is a remake of "District 13".

John Bell Hood

John Bell Hood (1831 – August 30, 1879) was a Confederate army general during the American Civil War. He was born in 1831 in Kentucky. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1853. After the Battle of Fort Sumter, he joined the Confederate army as colonel of the 4th Texas Infantry. In February 1862, he became commander of the Texas Brigade as a brigadier general. He became commander of a division in July 1862. He was wounded at the Battle of Gettysburg in July 1863. He was wounded again at the Battle of Chickamauga in September 1863. In late July 1864, he became commander of the Army of Tennessee.

After the war, Hood became a businessman. He married in 1868 and had eleven children. He died in 1879 during a yellow fever epidemic in New Orleans.

Brigade

A brigade is a military unit in an army. Currently, in most armies, a brigade is made up of several thousand soldiers in several battalions plus a brigade headquarters. This is common in the United States Army. Before World War II, a brigade had several regiments. The United States Army has several types of brigades. These brigades include Field Artillery Brigades,Air Defense Artillery Brigades,Infantry Brigades,Aviation Brigades,Intelligence Brigades,Battlefield Surveillance Brigades,etc. Each of these brigades has a brigade headquarters and several battalions assigned to them.

Depending on the country an army brigade is under the command of a Brigadier General, Brigadier, or Colonel.

Sportsnet 360

Sportsnet 360 is a Canadian English language cable and satellite television specialty channel. Sportsnet 360 is owned by Rogers Media. They show sports highlights, news, analysis programming as well as live sports coverage with basketball, college/university sports, mixed martial arts, professional wrestling, and soccer. 

The channel was first launched in 1994 and was known as Sportscope. It was relaunched in May 1997 under the name Headline Sports with channel licencing Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission.

The licence was rewritten by the CRTC to allow live sports programming and because of this, as well as legal issues with U.S. cable news channel CNN Headline News which also had a "Headline Sports" segment, the channel became known as The Score Television Network. 

On October 19, 2012, they were acquired by Rogers Media for $167 million. On July 1, 2013, Rogers renamed the channel Sportsnet 360.



Claire Denis

Claire Denis (born April 21, 1946) is a French movie director. In 1988, the first movie directed by Denis, "Chocolat", was released. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival.

Denis was born in Paris in 1946, but she was raised in colonial French Africa. When she was 14, she moved back to Paris with her mother to finish her education.

Clarence

Clarence is a cartoon television show aired on the television channel "Cartoon Network".

The show is about the daily life of Clarence Wendle, a spirited boy who loves fun, and his best friends: Jeff, who is the more intellectual type, and Sumo, who often does crazy things when solving problems.

Clarence lives with his divorced mother, Mary, and her boyfriend Chad in the fictional town of Aberdale, in Arizona, near Phoenix. Each episode focuses on the daily-life situations and problems that Clarence and his friends encounter, and their everyday adventures and life experiences as kids.

Other characters include students and faculty at Aberdale Elementary, Clarence's school. Some episodes focus on the life of supporting characters, like the citizens of Aberdale and Clarence's classmates.





Major general

A major general (or two-star general) is a rank in an army. It is between the ranks of lieutenant general and brigadier general. A major general usually commands a division. It comes from the older rank of sergeant major general. The disappearance of the "sergeant" in the title explains the apparently confusing system whereby a lieutenant general outranks a major general (although a major outranks a lieutenant, a lieutenant outranks a sergeant-major.) A Major general is addressed as "general".

Caledonian orogeny

The Caledonian orogeny was a mountain building era. It left its mark in the northern parts of the British Isles, the Scandinavian Mountains, Svalbard, eastern Greenland, northern Europe and the eastern United States.

The events occurred from the Ordovician to early Devonian, roughly 490390 million years ago (mya). It was caused by the closure of the Iapetus Ocean when the continents and lands of Laurentia, Baltica and Avalonia collided.

The Caledonian orogeny is named after Caledonia, the Latin name for Scotland. The name is not used for an absolute period of time: it applies only to the series of mountain-building events.

Part of the mountain chain ended up in modern North America, where it is called the Acadian orogeny (see Appalachian Mountains).

The Caledonian orogeny was one of several orogenies that would eventually form the supercontinent Pangaea later in the Palaeozoic era. The main phase of the Caledonian orogeny happened from about 425 to 395 million years ago.

Continental collision started in the mid Silurian, and mountain building took place in the early Devonian (from 407 million years ago onward).

Sheila Jeffreys

Sheila Jeffreys (born 1948) is a lesbian feminist activist. She was born in the United Kingdom. 

Jeffreys helped write "Love Your Enemy? The Debate Between Heterosexual Feminism and Political Lesbianism" in 1979. Her first book written without other writers was published in 1985. She moved to Melbourne in Australia in 1991 to work at the University of Melbourne. In 2009 "The Industrial Vagina" was published. Jeffreys' most recent book, "Gender Hurts", was published in April 2014.

In 1973 Jeffreys became a political lesbian.


Armando Peraza

Armando Peraza (May 30, 1924 – April 14, 2014) was a Cuban-American Latin jazz percussionist. His career began during the 1950s. 

He performed with many professional artists such as Perez Prado, Machito, George Shearing, Charlie Parker, Tito Puente, Cal Tjader, and Carlos Santana. He was born in Havana, Cuba.

Peraza died from pneumonia on April 14, 2014 in San Francisco, California, aged 89.

Shirley Chisholm

Shirley Anita St. Hill Chisholm (November 30, 1924 – January 1, 2005) was an American politician, educator, and writer. She was a member of the Democratic Party.

Chisholm was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She studied at Brooklyn College. 

She was a member of the United States House of Representatives for New York's 2nd district. She served as a representative from 1969 to 1983. 

She ran for President of the United States in 1972 as a Democrat. She lost the primary to George McGovern. Chisholm became the first major-party black candidate for President of the United States.

She was married to Conrad Chisholm. Their marriage ended in divorce. Then she was married to Arthur Hardwick, Jr.. Their marriage would last until his death.

Chisholm died in Ormond Beach, Florida from a stroke. She was 80 years old.

Bill Bradley

William Warren "Bill" Bradley (born July 28, 1943) is an American politician, basketball player, and educator. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Bradley was born in Crystal City, Missouri. He studied at Princeton University. 

Bradley served as a United States senator of New Jersey. He served as senator from 1979 to 1997.

He ran for President of the United States in 2000. He withdrew from the race. Al Gore would eventually won the Democratic Party ticket.

Bradley married Ernestine Bradley in 1974. Their marriage ended in divorce in 2007. They had one child. He is currently in a relationship with Betty Sue Flowers, former director of the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum.

Shane Gibson (musician)

Shane Paul Gibson (February 21, 1979 – April 15, 2014) was an American musician. He was best known as guitarist of Korn and stOrk. He was also a member Jonathan Davis and the SFA and L. Shankar. He was born in Houma, Louisiana and raised in Fort Walton Beach, Florida.

Gibson died due to complications from a blood clotting disorder on April 15, 2014 at a hospital in Birmingham, Alabama. He was 35.

Robert S. Kerr

Robert Samuel Kerr (September 11, 1896 – January 1, 1963) was an American politician and businessman. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Kerr was born in Ada, Oklahoma. He studied at Oklahoma Baptist University and for a short while at Oklahoma State University.

Kerr served as Governor of Oklahoma. He served as governor from 1943 to 1947. Then, Kerr was the United States senator of Oklahoma. He served as senator from 1949 to 1963.

Kerr ran for President of the United States in 1952. He lost the primary to Adlai Stevenson II. 

Kerr died from a fatal heart attack in Washington, D.C., aged 66.


Transcendence (movie)

Transcendence is a 2014 American science fiction drama movie directed by Wally Pfister. It is produced by Christopher Nolan. It stars Johnny Depp, Rebecca Hall, Kate Mara, Cillian Murphy, Paul Bettany, and Morgan Freeman.

Transcendence was released in New York City on April 10, 2014. It was released on April 18, 2014 in other cities and countries.

Interstellar (movie)

Interstellar is a 2014 British-American epic science fiction movie directed, co-written and produced by Christopher Nolan. It stars Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Bill Irwin, Ellen Burstyn, Michael Caine, Mackenzie Foy, Matt Damon, Casey Affleck, and John Lithgow. It was released on November 5, 2014.


Following

Following is a 1998 British drama thriller movie directed by Christopher Nolan. It stars Jeremy Theobald, Alex Haw, Lucy Russell, and John Nolan. It was released on September 12, 1998. This was Christopher Nolan's first movie. It tells the story of a young man who follows strangers around the streets of London and is drawn into a criminal underworld when he fails to keep his distance.

As Christopher Nolan's debut feature, it was designed to be as inexpensive as possible to make: scenes were heavily rehearsed so that just one or two takes were needed, thus economizing on 16 mm film stock, the production's greatest expense, and for which Nolan was paying from his salary. Without expensive professional lighting equipment, Nolan mostly used available light. Apart from writing, directing, and photographing the film, Nolan also helped in editing and production. Instead of fighting against the limitations of the production, Christopher Nolan allowed them to dictate everything from the film’s structure, to its handheld shooting style, to the 16mm film it was shot on, to black-and-white stock, and setting the scene during the day and place the characters next to windows or in natural sunlight as much as possible. Nolan has explained it in a detailed interview with VICE.

Memento (movie)

Memento is a 2000 American mystery-thriller movie written and directed by Christopher Nolan, and produced by Suzanne and Jennifer Todd. The movie's script was based on a pitch by Jonathan Nolan, who wrote the 2001 story "Memento Mori" from the concept. Guy Pearce stars as a man who, as a result of an injury, has anterograde amnesia (the inability to form new memories) and has short-term memory loss approximately every fifteen minutes. He is searching for the people who attacked him and killed his wife, using an intricate system of Polaroid photographs and tattoos to track information he cannot remember.

The movie is presented as two different sequences of scenes interspersed during the movie: a series in black-and-white that is shown chronologically, and a series of color sequences shown in reverse order (simulating for the audience the mental state of the protagonist). The two sequences meet at the end of the movie, producing one complete and cohesive narrative.

"Memento" premiered at the 57th Venice International Film Festival on September 5, 2000, and was released in the United States on March 16, 2001. It was acclaimed by critics, who praised its nonlinear narrative structure and motifs of memory, perception, grief, and self-deception, and earned $39.9 million over a $4.5 million budget. "Memento" received numerous accolades, including Oscar nominations for Best Original Screenplay and Best Film Editing. The movie is now widely regarded as one of Nolan's finest works and one of the best movies of the 2000s. In 2017, the United States Library of Congress deemed the movie and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry.

Mick Staton

David Michael Staton (February 11, 1940 – April 14, 2014), better known as Mick Staton, was an American politician for the Republican Party. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives serving West Virginia's 3rd District from 1981 until 1983. He was born in Parkersburg, West Virginia.

Staton died on April 14, 2014 in Winchester, Virginia, aged 74. He was outlived by his wife and two adult children.

Insomnia (2002 movie)

Insomnia is a 2002 American thriller movie directed by Christopher Nolan and written by Hillary Seitz. A remake of the 1997 Norwegian movie of the same name, it stars Al Pacino, Robin Williams, Hilary Swank, Maura Tierney, Martin Donovan, Nicky Katt, and Paul Dooley. The movie revolves around two Los Angeles homicide detectives investigating a murder in Nightmute, Alaska.

Released on May 24, 2002, "Insomnia" grossed over $113 million worldwide against a production budget of $46 million, and received critical praise for its screenplay, cinematography, direction, and acting, particularly Pacino's and Williams' performances.

Marksville, Louisiana

Marksville is a city in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States. It has the population of 5,065 residents.

Stuart Symington

William Stuart Symington, Jr. (June 26, 1901 – December 14, 1988) was an American businessman and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Symington was born in Amherst, Massachusetts. He studied at Yale University.

Symington was the first United States Secretary of the Air Force. He served as secretary from 1947 to 1950. Then he served as the United States senator of Missouri. He served as senator from 1953 to 1976.

Symington ran for President of the United States in 1960. He lost the primary to John F. Kennedy. 

Symington was married to Evelyn Wadsworth. Their marriage would last until her death in 1972. Symington resigned in 1976, four days before his term would end. They had one son, James W. Symington, former member of the United States House of Representatives. His cousin, Fife Symington, served as Governor of Arizona from 1991 through 1997.

Symington died in New Canaan, Connecticut from angina pectoris, aged 87.

John W. Byrnes

John William Byrnes (June 12, 1913 – January 12, 1985) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. 

Byrnes was born in Green Bay, Wisconsin. He studied at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

Byrnes served in the Wisconsin Senate for Wisconsin's 2nd district from 1941 to 1945. Byrnes was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Wisconsin's 8th district. He served as a representative from 1945 to 1973.

Byrnes ran for President of the United States in 1964. He lost the primary to Barry M. Goldwater.

Byrnes was married to Barbara Preston. Byrnes died in Marshfield, Wisconsin from a stroke, aged 71.

Henry Cabot Lodge Jr.

Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr. (July 5, 1902 – February 27, 1985) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He served as an ambassador of the United States to West Germany, South Vietnam, and to the United Nations. In 1960, he was Richard Nixon's running mate in the 1960 presidential election. They lost to John F. Kennedy. He ran for President of the United States in 1964, but lost the nomination to Barry Goldwater.

Lodge was born in Nahant, Massachusetts, USA. His father was George Cabot Lodge, a poet. He was the grandson of Senator Henry Cabot Lodge, great-great grandson of Senator Elijah H. Mills, and great-great-great-grandson of Senator George Cabot. His mother was Mathilda Elizabeth Frelinghuysen Davis, the great granddaughter of Senator John Davis. 

He had two siblings: John Davis Lodge (1903–1985), also a politician, and Helena Lodge de Streel (b. 1905).

Lodge attended St. Albans School and graduated from Middlesex School. In 1924, he graduated "cum laude" from Harvard University.

Lodge died in Beverly, Massachusetts from a long-illness at the age of 82.

Hiram Fong

Hiram Leong Fong (Yau Leong Fong; October 15, 1906 – August 18, 2004) was an American politician and businessman. He was the first United States senator for Hawaii. He served as senator from 1959 to 1977. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Fong ran for President of the United States in 1964. He lost the primary to Barry M. Goldwater. He was the first Asian-American to run for President of the United States. Patsy Mink would follow him as the few Hawaiians to run for President.

Fong died in Kahaluu, Hawaii of complications from a fall, aged 97.

Kahaluu, Hawaii

Kahaluu is a small residential area on Oahu, Hawaii. As of 2020, 5,241 people lived in Kahaluu. 

Marshfield, Wisconsin

Marshfield is a city in Marathon County and in Wood County, Wisconsin. It has the population of 19,118 residents. 

Chris Parnell

Thomas Christopher "Chris" Parnell (; born February 5, 1967) is an American actor, voice artist and comedian. He was a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 1998 to 2006 and played the role of Dr. Leo Spaceman on "30 Rock". In animation, he voices Cyril Figgis on the FX series "Archer", Jerry Smith on Adult Swim's "Rick and Morty" and the narrator on the PBS series "WordGirl". He also voices "The Progressive Box" in a series of advertisements by the Progressive Corporation.

Star Wars: The Force Awakens

Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens is a 2015 American epic space opera movie made by Lucasfilm and Bad Robot Productions. It was distributed by Disney. It is the seventh movie in the "Star Wars" movie series. It was directed by J. J. Abrams and written by George Lucas.

Harrison Ford, Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher play the roles they played in the original movies. The movie score was composed by John Williams. The movie was released on December 18, 2015. In November 2014, the title of the movie was announced as "Star Wars: The Force Awakens".

The story is set about thirty years after "Return of the Jedi" and the death of Darth Vader and the Emperor. It is about three young people and characters from the previous movies.


Additionally, Kenny Baker and Tim Rose reprise their roles as R2-D2 and Admiral Ackbar, respectively, from previous films. Gwendoline Christie stars as Captain Phasma, an officer in the First Order, and Kiran Shah stars as Teedo, a scavenger on Jakku who rides a semi-mechanical Luggabeast. Additionally, Crystal Clarke, Pip Andersen, Christina Chong, Miltos Yerolemou, Greg Grunberg, Warwick Davis, Billie Lourd, Maisie Richardson-Sellers, Iko Uwais, Yayan Ruhian, Cecep Arif Rahman, Amybeth Hargreaves, Leanne Best, Jessica Henwick, and Simon Pegg were cast in minor roles. Daniel Craig has a cameo appearance as a Stormtrooper. Ewan McGregor voiced Obi-Wan Kenobi in a scene.

The movie was released on December 18, 2015 on IMAX.


Francis Gary Powers

Francis Gary Powers (Jenkins, Kentucky August 17, 1929 – Los Angeles, California, August 1, 1977) was an American pilot. He was known for piloting a Central Intelligence Agency U-2 spy plane which was shot down while flying a reconnaissance mission over the Soviet Union. This caused the 1960 U-2 incident, and played a large role in the Cold War.

Powers was held as a prisoner of war in the Soviet Union. On February 10, 1962, Powers was exchanged in a spy swap in Berlin. The exchange was for Soviet KGB Colonel Vilyam Fisher, known as "Rudolf Abel", who had been caught by the FBI and tried and jailed for espionage. Powers credited his father with the swap idea. When released, Powers's total time in captivity was 1 year, 9 months, and 10 days. 

Powers died in Los Angeles County, California in a helicopter crash, aged 47.

Awards for mathematics

Awards for mathematics is a list of prizes for mathematicians.


"You can choose the order of the list by clicking on the Prize, Organize, Value, etc.."

Black Coal, Thin Ice

Black Coal, Thin Ice is a Chinese melodramatic thriller movie of 2014. The story is about events in 1999 and 2004. The movie is in Chinese.

In 2014, the movie won the Golden Bear award at the Berlin International Film Festival.

ECW Heat Wave

ECW Heat Wave was a professional wrestling event that was produced by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). ECW began making it a pay-per-view starting in 1998. It ran from 1994 to 2000.

Heat Wave 1994 took place on July 16, 1994 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the first Heat Wave event that ECW produced.

Heat Wave 1995 took place on July 15, 1995 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the second Heat Wave event that ECW produced.

Heat Wave 1996 took place on July 13, 1996 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the third Heat Wave event that ECW produced. The event was internet available only.

Heat Wave 1997 took place on July 19, 1997 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the fourth Heat Wave event that ECW produced.

Heat Wave 1998 took place on August 2, 1998 at the Hara Arena in Dayton, Ohio. It was the fifth Heat Wave event that ECW produced.

Heat Wave 1999 took place on July 18, 1999 at the Hara Arena in Dayton, Ohio. It was the sixth Heat Wave event that ECW produced.

Heat Wave 2000 took place on July 16, 2000 at the Grand Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles, California. It was the seventh and final Heat Wave event that ECW produced.

Stuart Hall (presenter)

James Stuart Hall Jr. (born 25 December 1929) is a British former radio and television presenter. He is a sex offender who was in prison. 

Hall was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, England. He was raised in Hyde, Cheshire and Glossop, Derbyshire. He studied at the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology. 

Hall presented light entertainment show "It's a Knockout" as well as sport coverage and news on the BBC. He is a lifelong Manchester City F.C. supporter. 

In April 2013, Hall was arrested and charged with having indecently assaulted 13 girls aged between 9 and 17. His trial began at Preston Crown Court on 6 May 2014 for 15 counts of rape and five of indecent assault against two girls that happened from 1976–1981. He was convicted of two counts of indecent assault but was acquitted of all the other charges.

Site of Special Scientific Interest

A Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) is a type of legal conservation given to an area in the United Kingdom. They are sites of biological or geological interest, or both.

Any activity which might affect an SSSI is illegal unless the appropriate planning body gives permission. Owners of land must do what needs to be done to protect an SSSI which sits on their land. There may be grants available to help owners look after the site. 

Identity politics

Identity politics is politics that focuses on the problems of groups based on identity. Examples of identity politics include, Black nationalism, fat acceptance, sexual orientation, gender identity, and feminism. 

Hip hop has expressed Black and Chicano nationalist identity politics. Homo hop expresses queer identity politics. Krip hop expresses disability identity politics.

White power rock music, also known as Rock Against Communism, often has lyrics about white pride and white separatism.


Stuart Hall

Stuart Hall may refer to 


Courtney Barnett

Courtney Melba Barnett (born 3 November 1987) is an Australian singer-songwriter and guitarist from Melbourne. Barnett was born in Tasmania. Barnett started playing guitar when she was 10. Barnett starts a UK tour in May.


Richard Russell Jr.

Richard Brevard Russell, Jr. (November 2, 1897 – January 21, 1971) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Russell was born in Winder, Georgia. He studied at University of Georgia School of Law.

Russell was the 66th Governor of Georgia. He served as governor from 1931 to 1933. He then served as the United States senator of Georgia. He served as senator from 1933 to 1971. 

Russell was the President pro tempore of the United States Senate. He served as president pro tempore from 1969 to 1971. Russell ran for President of the United States in 1948. He lost the primary to Harry S. Truman.
Russell was never married and had no children. Russell died in Washington, D.C. from emphysema, aged 73.

Dean Spade

Dean Spade (born 1977) is an American lawyer, writer, and Associate Professor of Law at Seattle University School of Law. He started the Sylvia Rivera Law Project in 2002. In 2011 Spade's first book "Normal Life: Administrative Violence, Critical Trans Politics, and the Limits of Law" was published. The book was nominated for a 2011 Lambda Literary Award in the category of Transgender Nonfiction. 

Spade is of Jewish descent and is involved in transgender activities.

Batukeshwar Dutt

Batukeshwar Dutt (18 November 1910 – 20 July 1965) was an Indian revolutionary. He created and planned bombings across India. He was sent to jail for life. He went on many hunger strikes, even when he was in jail. He was abused by many prisoners. He was born in Kanpur, British India.

Dutt died in New Delhi, India from a long illness, aged 54.

Winder, Georgia

Winder is a city in Barrow County, Georgia.

Newton, Massachusetts

Newton is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts.

Martin Creed

Martin Creed (born 21 October 1968) is a British artist. He won the Turner Prize in 2001. 

He was born in Wakefield, West Riding of Yorkshire. He moved with his family to Glasgow when he was 3.

He lives in London.

Gyude Bryant

Charles Gyude Bryant (17 January 1949 – 16 April 2014) was a Liberian politician and businessman. He was the Chairman of the Transitional Government of Liberia. He served as chairman from 2003 to 2006. He was a member of the Liberian Action Party.

Bryant died at the John F. Kennedy Medical Center in Monrovia, aged 65. 

Karpal Singh

Karpal Singh s/o Ram Singh (28 June 1940 - 17 April 2014) was a Malaysian lawyer and politician. He served as a Member of Parliament of Bukit Gelugor. He served as a MP from March 2004 until his death in April 2014. Singh was a member of the Democratic Action Party. He was born in George Town, Penang.

Singh died at the age of 73 in a car accident near Gopeng, Perak.

Henry Mancini

Enrico Nicola "Henry" Mancini (April 16, 1924 – June 14, 1994) was an American composer, conductor and arranger.

Mancini was born in Little Italy, Cleveland and raised in West Aliquippa, Pennsylvania. He served in the United States Army from 1943-1945.

Mancini's best known works include: The Pink Panther Theme, the Peter Gunn Theme, Moon River and Days of Wine and Roses. He won Grammy Awards, Academy Awards and a Golden Globe Award.

Mancini died aged 70 of pancreatic cancer in Los Angeles, California. 

Mancini stated composers like 
Benny Goodman, Thelonius Monk, Buddy Baker, Duke Ellington, Bernard Herrmann, Giacomo Puccini, Cole Porter, Mantovani, Rudolph G. Kopp, Ernst Krenek, Ludwig van Beethoven, Max Steiner, Nino Rota, Robert Schumann, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Glenn Miller, Gioachino Rossini, Miklós Róza, Benjamin Britten, Frédéric Chopin, Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco, Morton Gould, Alfred Newman and Tex Beneke as influences.


Ralph Morgan

Ralph Morgan (July 6, 1883 – June 11, 1956) was an American movie, stage and character actor. He was the older brother of Frank Morgan. Morgan was the first President of the Screen Actors Guild. He appeared in over 100 movies and 35 stage shows.

Morgan died in New York City from a heart attack, aged 72.


Edward Arnold

Edward Arnold (born Günther Edward Arnold Schneider; February 18, 1890 – April 26, 1956) was an American actor.

Arnold appeared in many blockbuster movies such as; "You Can't Take With You", "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington", "Meet John Doe", "Jonny Eager", and in "The Toast of New York".

Arnold served as the President of the Screen Actors Guild. He served as president from 1940 to 1942.

Arnold died in Encino, California from a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 66.


George Murphy

George Lloyd Murphy (July 4, 1902 – May 3, 1992) was an American dancer, actor, and politician. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Murphy was born in New Haven, Connecticut. He studied at Yale University.

Murphy first served as President of the Screen Actors Guild. He served as president from 1944 to 1946. He then served as the United States senator of California. He served as senator from 1965 to 1971.

Murphy was married to Juliette Henkel-Johnson from 1926 until her death in 1973. Then he was married to Betty Duhon Blandi from 1982 until his death in 1992. He had two children; Dennis and Melissa.

Murphy died in Palm Beach, Florida from leukemia, aged 89.


Geoffrey Palmer (politician)

Sir Geoffrey Winston Russell Palmer (born 21 April 1942) is a New Zealand politician. He served as the 33rd Prime Minister of New Zealand. He served as Prime Minister from 8 August 1989 to 4 September 1990. 

Palmer was born in Nelson, New Zealand. 

Geoffrey Palmer (actor)

Geoffrey Dyson Palmer OBE (4 June 1927 – 6 November 2020) was an English actor. He was known for his roles in British television sitcoms. Palmer played Jimmy Anderson in "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin", Ben Parkinson in "Butterflies" and Lionel Hardcastle in "As Time Goes By".

Palmer was born in London, England. He died at his London home on 6 November 2020, aged 93.

Geoffrey Palmer

Geoffrey Palmer may refer to:




Gladwin, Michigan

Gladwin is a city in Gladwin County, Michigan. It had a population of 3,069 residents in 2020.

The Rats of Tobruk

The Rats of Tobruk was the name given to the soldiers who held the Libyan port of Tobruk against the Afrika Corps, during the Siege of Tobruk in World War II. 

The siege started on 10 April 1941. It was relieved at the end of November.

Australian troops of the Australian 9th Division and the 18th Brigade of the Australian 7th Division under Lieutenant General Leslie Morshead made up more than half of the Allied presence in Tobruk. There were more than 14,000 men. The rest of the garrison was made up of 12,000 British (the 3rd Armoured Brigade, 4 artillery regiments) and Indian (the 18th King Edward's Own Cavalry) troops. 

During the three moonless periods between August and October, the Australian troops and Indian cavalry left by sea and were replaced by British 70th Infantry Division and the Polish Independent Carpathian Brigade with the Czechoslovak 11th Infantry Battalion under command.

Trust Company (band)

Trust Company (also known by the typeset TRUSTcompany and TRUST*CO) is an American alternative metal/post-grunge band from Prattville, Alabama. 

Trust Company was formed in 1997 by lead singer Kevin Palmer and drummer Jason Singleton. They originally named the band 41 Down but changed it later to avoid being confused with Canadian punk rock band Sum 41. Palmer and Singleton would later recruit bassist Josh Moates and guitarist James Fukai. After they released a few demos and a self-titled album, the band was signed to Geffen Records. They released their debut album "The Lonely Position of Neutral" on July 23, 2002. The album features the single "Downfall" which received heavy exposure from MTV2. Their second studio album "True Parallels" was released on March 22, 2005. It featured the single "Stronger". In August 2005, Trust Company took a break to work on other projects and to rest. During the break, Palmer and Moates started a band called Amity Lane. On August 11, 2007, they announced that they were reuniting. The band released their third studio album "Dreaming in Black and White" on March 8, 2011. The album featured the single "Heart in My Hands".





Bridgeport, Chicago

Bridgeport, one of 77 community areas of Chicago, Illinois, is a neighborhood on the city's South Side, bounded on the north by the South Branch of the Chicago River. It is a working-class neighborhood on Chicago's south side. Five mayors of Chicago were born here. The neighborhood is known for being Irish.

Old Town, Chicago

Old Town is a neighborhood in Chicago, Illinois. It is a historic neighborhood.

Goose Island (Chicago)

Goose Island is a artificial island in Chicago, Illinois. It is formed by the North Branch of the Chicago River on the west and the North Branch Canal on the east. It is about long and across at its widest point.

Lake View, Chicago

Lake View, also spelled Lakeview, is one of the 77 community areas of Chicago, Illinois, located on the city's North Side. The Uptown community area is to Lakeview's north, Lincoln Square to its northwest, North Center to its west and Lincoln Park to its south. 

The 2015 population of Lakeview was 98,212 residents, making it the largest of the Chicago community areas by population.

Lakeview unofficially includes smaller neighborhood enclaves: Sheridan Station Corridor, Boystown, Northhalsted, Southport Corridor, Wrigleyville, & Wrigley Plaza. Boystown, famous for its large LGBT population, holds the pride parade held each June. 

Wrigleyville, another popular district, surrounds Wrigley Field, home of the Chicago Cubs. Lakeview is home to the Belmont Theater District showcasing over 30 theaters and live performance venues located near the Belmont El station. In 2013 Money Magazine named Lakeview as number 3 of its top 10 Big-city neighborhoods for its selection of Best Places to Live.

Lincoln Park, Chicago

Lincoln Park is a designated community area in North Side, Chicago, Illinois.

As of 2015, the neighborhood is primarily made up of young urban professionals, recent college graduates, and young families. The slang terms Trixie and Chad have their origins in Lincoln Park. The 2003 Chicago balcony collapse occurred in Lincoln Park.

Millennium Park

Millennium Park is a public park in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois.

Magnificent Mile

The Magnificent Mile, or The Mag Mile, is a section of Chicago's Michigan Avenue. It begins from the Chicago River to Oak Street in the Near North Side.

Near South Side, Chicago

The Near South Side is a community area of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States. 

It is located just south of the downtown central business district, the Loop, which is itself a community area. 

The Near South Side's boundaries (see map) are as follows: North—Roosevelt Road (1200 S); South—26th Street; West—Chicago River between Roosevelt and 18th Street, Clark Street between 18th Street and Cermak Road, Federal between Cermak Road and the Stevenson Expressway just south of 25th Street, and Clark Street again between the Stevenson and 26th Street; and East—Lake Michigan.

Near North Side, Chicago

The Near North Side is one of 77 community areas of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is the northernmost of the three areas that constitute central Chicago, the others being the Loop and the Near South Side. The community area is located north and east of the Chicago River. 

To its east is Lake Michigan, and its northern boundary is the early 19th-century city limit of Chicago, North Avenue. Of the downtown community areas, the Near North Side has the second largest total area, after the Near West Side, the highest number of skyscrapers, and the largest population. 

With the exception of Goose Island and the remains of Cabrini-Green, to the west, the Near North Side is known for its rich neighborhoods, the Magnificent Mile, Washington Square Park, Gold Coast, Navy Pier, and its world-famous skyscrapers such as the John Hancock Center.

The Near North Side is the oldest part of Chicago.

Near West Side, Chicago

The Near West Side , one of the 77 community areas of Chicago, is on the West Side, west of the Chicago River and near to the Loop. 

The history of the Near West Side of Chicago includes the founding of Hull House, a prominent settlement house. The Great Chicago Fire started on the Near West Side. The area is home to the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC), the United Center, Greektown, Chicago and the Illinois Medical District.

Cabrini–Green, Chicago

Cabrini–Green is a neighborhood on the Near North Side community area on the north side of Chicago, Illinois. The neighborhood is known for being the location of the Cabrini–Green Homes, a public housing project in the city.

South Side, Chicago

South Side is a major part of the city of Chicago, Illinois. It is in Cook County. This area of the city is divided by the Chicago River.

The South Side of Chicago was originally defined as all of the city south of the main branch of the Chicago River, but it now excludes the Loop.

South Side neighborhoods such as Armour Square, Back of the Yards, Bridgeport, and Pullman are where the middle-class residents of the South Side mainly live, while Hyde Park, the Jackson Park Highlands District, Kenwood, Beverly, Mount Greenwood, and west Morgan Park are where the upper-class people mainly live such as former President Barack Obama.

Forest Glen, Chicago

Forest Glen is one of the 77 official city community areas of Chicago, Illinois, located on the city's Northwest Side. It comprises the neighborhoods of Forest Glen, Edgebrook and Sauganash, with sub-neighborhoods of Sauganash Park, Wildwood, North Edgebrook and Old Edgebrook.

O'Hare, Chicago

O'Hare, located on the far northwest side of Chicago, Illinois, is one of the city's 77 official community areas. O'Hare International Airport is located within the boundaries of this community area. This community area is the only one that extends outside Cook County; the western edge (an area comprising the southwest part of the airport) is in DuPage County.

Edgewater, Chicago

Edgewater is a lakefront community area on the North Side of the city of Chicago, Illinois seven miles north of the Loop.

Edgewater was the northeastern corner of Lake View Township, an independent suburb which was annexed by the city of Chicago in 1889. Today, the Uptown community is to Edgewater's south, Lincoln Square to its west, West Ridge to its northwest and Rogers Park to its north.

Portage Park, Chicago

Portage Park is located on the northwest side of the City of Chicago, Illinois and is one of 77 officially designated Chicago community areas. 

Portage Park is bordered by the community areas of Jefferson Park and Forest Glen to the north, Dunning and the suburb of Harwood Heights to the west, Irving Park to the east and Belmont-Cragin to the south.

The area is notable for its Six Corners outdoor shopping district.

Irving Park, Chicago

Irving Park is one of 77 officially designated Chicago community areas located on the Northwest Side. It is bounded by the Chicago River on the east. It is named after the American author Washington Irving.

Old Irving Park, bounded by Montrose Avenue, Pulaski Road, Addison Street and Cicero Avenue, has a variety of housing stock, with Queen Anne, Victorian, and Italianate homes, a few farmhouses and numerous bungalows.

The CTA Blue Line runs through this neighborhood.

Irving Thalberg

Irving Grant Thalberg (May 30, 1899 – September 14, 1936) was an American movie producer. He is known for producing many blockbusters during the silent movie era. The Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award is named after him.

He produced "Grand Hotel", "China Seas", "Camille", "Mutiny on the Bounty", "The Good Earth", and many more. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Thalberg died from pneumonia in Santa Monica, California, aged 37.


Peter Drummond-Murray of Mastrick

William Edward Peter Louis Drummond-Murray of Mastrick (24 November 1929 – 13 April 2014) was a Scottish herald, Private Officer of Arms and banker. He was appointed Slains Pursuivant of Arms in 1982. He was born in Littlehampton, Sussex.

Drummond died in Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 84.


John Witherspoon (actor)

John "Pops" Witherspoon (born John Weatherspoon; January 27, 1942 – October 29, 2019) was an American actor and comedian. He had roles in several movies and television shows. He was mostly known his role in "Friday" series and as Granddad Robert Freeman in "The Boondocks".

Witherspoon was born in Detroit, Michigan. He died at his home in Sherman Oaks, California on October 29, 2019 at the age of 77. The cause of death was a heart attack.

The Boondocks (TV series)

The Boondocks is an American adult animated sitcom produced by Adult Swim. The series premiered in November 6, 2005. It is set in Woodcrest, Baltimore, Maryland.

It is about a black family called the Freemans moving from the West Side of Chicago to Woodcrest, a white suburb, of Baltimore, Maryland. They deal with many situations such as drugs, alcoholism, poverty, racism, and child abuse.



Museum Campus

Museum Campus is a museum park that sits near Lake Michigan in Chicago and surrounds three of the city's most famous museums. 

It is dedicated to the natural sciences: the Adler Planetarium & Astronomy Museum, the Shedd Aquarium, and the Field Museum of Natural History. It is also known for holding the Soldier Field football stadium and the Lakeside Center of the McCormick Place. 

It used to hold Meigs Field airport on Northerly Island before it was destroyed. The campus holds the southeast corner of Grant Park.

Chicago Reader

The Chicago Reader is a newspaper that is published in Chicago, Illinois, in the US. It is a tabloid. It was founded by college students from Carleton College in 1971.

Dewey Defeats Truman

"Dewey Defeats Truman" was a famously incorrect headline on the front page of the "Chicago Tribune". It was published on November 3, 1948. 

It happened the day after incumbent United States President Harry S. Truman won an upset victory over Republican challenger and Governor of New York Thomas E. Dewey in the 1948 presidential election.

Savings and loan crisis

The savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and 1990s (commonly dubbed the S&L crisis) was the failure of 1,043 out of the 3,234 savings and loan associations in the United States. It lasted from 1986 to 1995. In 1996, the General Accounting Office estimated the total cost to be $160 billion, including $132.1 billion taken from taxpayers.

The man behind the crisis was Charles Keating. He was sentenced for his involvement of the crisis. Some people blame Ronald Reagan for the crisis because he signed the Tax Reform Act of 1986 which some might think was a direct result of the crisis.

Chinatown, Chicago

Chinatown is a neighborhood in Chicago, Illinois. It is an ethnic neighborhood for Chinese cultures. This is the second oldest Chinatown after, Chinatown, San Francisco. 

Greenville, Mississippi

Greenville is a city in Washington County, Mississippi. 

Lewis &amp; Clark College

Lewis & Clark College is a private university in Portland, Oregon. The school was formed in 1867. It has about 3,600 students and about 150 teachers. 

The college started in 1867 in Albany, Oregon as part of the Presbyterian Church. At that time is was called Albany Collegiate Institute. The first class graduated in 1873. In 1905 the school changed its name to Albany College and started giving Bachelor of Arts degrees. The school opened a campus in Portland in 1934. The Portland campus was very popular, so the school decided to move there. The school opened a much larger campus in Portland in 1942, and renamed the school Lewis & Clark College, to honor the Lewis and Clark Expedition. In 1966, the school stopped being part of a church and became a secular school.

In 2013 Lewis & Clark College had 2,039 undergraduate students and 1,553 graduate students. The school has 29 majors. The most popular major is Social Science. 64% of students who apply to the school are accepted. In 2013 tuition was $41,928 a year. 60% of students are female, and 40% of students are male. The school does not have any fraternities or sororities.

Some notable graduates of the school are:

Jim Bolger

James Brendan "Jim" Bolger (born 31 May 1935) is a New Zealand businessman and politician for the National Party. He was the 35th Prime Minister of New Zealand. He served as Prime Minister from 2 November 1990 to 8 December 1997.

Bolger was born in Opunake, Taranaki. He is a Roman Catholic and has been married to Joan Riddell since 1963. They have nine children.


Bill Henry

William Rodman "Bill" Henry (October 15, 1927 – April 11, 2014) was an American professional baseball left-handed pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) between 1952 and 1969. All the teams he played for were: the Boston Red Sox, the Chicago Cubs, the Cincinnati Reds, the San Francisco Giants, the Pittsburgh Pirates, and the Houston Astros. He was born in Alice, Texas.

Henry died from a heart attack on April 11, 2014 in Round Rock, Texas. He was 86.

Aracataca

Aracataca is a city in Magdalena, Columbia. The city is known for being the birthplace of Gabriel García Márquez.

Round Rock, Texas

Round Rock is a city in Williamson County, Texas, United States. As of 2020, 119,468 people live in Round Rock.

Aulis Rytkönen

Taavi Aulis Rytkönen (5 January 1929 – 16 April 2014) was a Finnish footballer. He became the country's first professional player when he signed for France's Toulouse FC in 1952.

He was born in Karttula, Finland.

He played for Finland at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. He also worked as national coach from 1975 to 1978. He was chosen Finland's Player of the Year in 1949, 1950, and 1952.

Rytkönen died in Helsinki, Finland, aged 85.

Karttula

Karttula used to be a city in Finland. It was merged with another city Kuopio in 2011.

Alice, Texas

Alice is a city in, and the county seat of, Jim Wells County, Texas, United States. It is in the South Texas region. The population was 17,891 at the 2020 census. Alice was created in 1888. It was first it was called "Bandana", then "Kleberg", and finally "Alice".

Harry Brearley

Harry Brearley (18 February 1871 – 14 July 1948) was an English metallurgist who invented stainless steel, that is, steel which does not rust.

Brearley was born in Sheffield, England, the son of a steelworker and his wife. He left Woodside School at the age of twelve to enter as a labourer in his father's steelworks. Later he got the post of general assistant in the company's chemical laboratory.

For several years, in addition to his laboratory work, he studied to specialize in steel production techniques and related chemical analysis methods.

In 1908, two of Sheffield's principal steelmaking companies agreed to jointly finance a common research laboratory (Brown Firth Laboratories). Harry Brearley was asked to lead the project.

After leaving Brown Firth, Brearley joined Brown Bayley's Steel Works, also in Sheffield. He became a director of the firm in 1925.

In 1941 Brearley created a charitable trust The Freshgate Trust Foundation, a grantmaking charity operating in Sheffield and South Yorkshire.

In the troubled years immediately before World War I, arms manufacturing increased greatly in the UK. There were problems due to erosion (excessive wear) of the internal surfaces of gun barrels. Brearley began to research new steels which could better resist the erosion caused by high temperatures. He began to add chromium to steel, which was known to raise the material’s melting point, as compared to the standard carbon steels.

The research concentrated on quantifying the effects of varying the levels of carbon (C, at concentrations around 0.2 weight %) and chromium (Cr, in the range of 6 to 15 weight %).

In order to do examine the alloys, a metal sample is treated. For a carbon steel, a dilute solution of nitric acid in alcohol is sufficient to produce the required effect. Brearley found that the new chromium steels were very resistant to chemical attack.

Up to that time carbon-steel knives rusted if they were not polished. Only expensive sterling silver or EPNS cutlery avoided the problem. With this in mind, Brearley tested his chromiun steel with food acids such as vinegar and lemon juice. The results were very promising.

At first, Brearley called the new alloy "rustless steel". The better-sounding "stainless steel" was suggested by Ernest Stuart, a local cutlery manufacturer.

The first true stainless steel, a 0.24wt% C, 12.8wt% Cr ferrous alloy, was produced by Brearley in an electric furnace on 13 August 1913. He was subsequently awarded the Iron and Steel Institute's Bessemer Gold Medal in 1920. The American Society for Metals gives the date for Brearley's creation of casting number 1008 (12.8% chromium, 0.44% manganese, 0.2% silicon, 0.24% carbon and 85.32% iron) as 20 August 1913.

Almost all research projects into stainless steels were interrupted by the 1914–18 War. The work was taken up again in the 1920s. Brearley had left the Brown Firth Laboratories in 1915, but the research continued under the direction of his successor, Dr. W. H. Hatfield. It is Hatfield who is credited with the development, in 1924, of a stainless steel which even today is probably the widest-used alloy of this type, the so-called "18/8", which in addition to chromium, includes nickel (Ni) in its composition (18wt% Cr, 8wt% Ni).



Reigate

Reigate is a town in Reigate and Banstead, Surrey, England. About 22,000 people live in the town. Reigate's postcode is RH2.

Karachi-Bela Division

Karachi-Bela Division (Urdu:کراچی-بلا) was a former Administrative division of Pakistan. It used to be part of the Karachi District and Las Bela (princely state).

Into the Storm (2014 movie)

Into the Storm is a 2014 American found footage disaster movie. It is about tornadoes and severe storms in Oklahoma. The movie was released on August 8, 2014.

Warner Bros. is the main distributor of this movie.

Littlehampton

Littlehampton is a seaside town in Arun, West Sussex, England. About 26,000 people live in the town. Its postcode is BN17.

Jiří Načeradský

Jiří Načeradský (9 September 1939 – 16 April 2014) was a Czech painter, graphic artist and educator. He was best known for his human figures, sometimes with erotic and sexual subtext and context. He was born in Sedlec-Prčice, Příbram District, Czechoslovakia.

Načeradský died on 16 April 2014 in Prague, Czech Republic, aged 74.


Myer S. Kripke

Myer Samuel Kripke (January 21, 1914 – April 11, 2014) was an American rabbi, scholar, and philanthropist. He was the leader of Beth El Synagogue. He was also known for investing into Warren Buffett.

Kripke was born in Toledo, Ohio. He and his wife, Dorothy, had three children. Their son, Saul, is a philosopher and logician.

Kripke died from natural causes on April 11, 2014 in Omaha, Nebraska, aged 100.



California Über Alles

"California Über Alles" is the first single off American hardcore punk band Dead Kennedys' debut studio album "Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables". The song was released in June 1979. 

The lyrics for the song were written by lead singer Jello Biafra and John Greenway for their band, The Healers. Biafra composed the music during one of his rare attempts at composing on bass.

The song is about Jerry Brown, the Governor of California from 1975-1983 (and later 2011–present). It is sung from his perspective, as a fictional version of Brown shapes a hippie-fascist vision for America. The title is a reference to the first (and no longer sung) stanza of the national anthem of Germany, which began with the words "Deutschland, Deutschland über alles" (literally: "Germany, Germany above all").

The song appeared in the video games Tony Hawk's American Wasteland and the Rock Band series.

Hugo Villar

Hugo Villar Tejeiro (20 November 1925 – 15 April 2014) was a Uruguayan physician and politician. He is best known for co-founding the left-wing political party Broad Front in 1971. He was born in Montevideo.

Villar died on 15 April 2014 in Montevideo, aged 88.

Brooshal

Burushal state or" Bru zha land" is the old name for " Gilgit Division" of the Gilgit Baltistan the region of Pakistan.
Burushal, which was once an independent state in the past, is located in the Gilgit-Baltistan province of Pakistan. Burushal is a word from Burushaski which means "headland of the Brušo/Burusho nation". The inhabitants here are called Burusho/Brušo and their dialect is Brušski/burushaski. The Burusho people have the distinction of being the oldest inhabitants of the northwest of India and the first settlers.
And they may have been before the migration of Indo Aryans.
The history of Burushal is very old. Today we don't know what exactly is it's origion At it's peaks it's was extended from Tibet to Persia (today wakhan Afghanistan) which means it includes Ladakh, Jammu, Kashmir, Gilgit, and Chitral.

Then the migration started towards this region. Balti came from China ( mostly Tibet) and settled and from this the state of Baltistan started. Local people (Burusho) called them Balox and the area called Baloi (بلوئی).

After that Aryan Groups also moved to this area thus they are founder of Dard-Desh. Shina language is one of the major languages of Dard nations, which is spoken in most parts of Gilgit-Baltistan.

This was followed by a kind of decline of the state of Brushal. Burushal, which was such a big state, was now limited only to Gilgit Division ( which today includes includes District Gilgit, Nagar Ghizer and Hunza). And then to only Hunza and Nagar with its capital at Capel Dons /Dongs "Nagar khas"/Oyum Nagar The king was called" Tham" in burushaski .

The Tham/king had twins are said to have shown hostility to one another from birth. Thereupon their father, unable to settle the question of succession, divided his state between them, giving Girkis the north/west, (Hunza) and to Moghlot the (Nagar) south/east bank of the river and thus the state of Burushal further divided Nagar and Hunza.

Nagar and Hunza were small states and derived most of their income from looting trade caravans from China. The British wanted to trade from here to Russia, but these states were preventing them from doing so, so it was decided to attack Nagar in 1891 under the leadership of Colonel Durand. Finally, with the help of a traitor, the British army reached the top of the fort and stormed the fort, ending thousands of years of Nagar independence. The bravery of the small army is acknowledged.

Today we talk about Burushal we usually refer to "Gilgit Division " Which includes Nagar Hunza Gilgit and Ghizer as sub-division Districts.
Chitral is in the south west of Burushal, China is in the north, Afghanistan is in the north and northwest and Dardistan/ Diamar is in the south, and southeast. Baltistan (baloi/boloristan) is at east and northeast.
37187 square km

Abbas habi

Brooshal

Burushal

Deliver Us from Evil

Deliver Us from Evil is a 2014 crime and horror movie. It is about a New York City police officer who gets pulled into a case that is demon-related. Eric Bana plays the officer, Ralph Sarchie. Olivia Munn plays his wife.

The movie is based on a 2001 book called "Beware the Night". Screen Gems distributes the movie.

The movie was released on July 2, 2014.

Fé Sciarone

Félicité Louise Henriette "Fé" Sciarone (12 August 1922 – 8 April 2014) was a Dutch radio actress and comedienne. Her best known appearances include "Dood in de jungle" (1955), "Een merkwaardig geval van zielsverhuizing" (1969), "De generaal" (1976), "Dit is uw kans" (1979) and "Vijf gemaskerde mannen" (1982). She started her career in 1950 and retired in 1984. She was born in The Hague, South Holland.

In 1959 she voiced Maleficient in the first Dutch translation of Sleeping Beauty from Walt Disney.

Sciarone died on 8 April 2014 in Amsterdam, North Holland, aged 91.


Dorothy Allison

Dorothy Allison (born April 11, 1949) is an American writer. She has won awards for her writing.

Allison was born to a poor single teenage girl in Greenville, South Carolina. She was sexually abused by her stepfather for many years.

Allison's first book was published in 1983. In 1989 Allison won her first Lambda Literary Award for "Trash: Short Stories". Allison took almost ten years to write her first novel. It was published March 1992. The novel was made into a movie.

Allison is a lesbian femme. She lives in Monte Rio, California with her partner and partner's son.

Kutch (princely state)

Cutch or (Kutch/Kachchh) was an Indian Princely state. It was ruled by the Jadeja dynasty from its formation in 1147 until 1948. On May 4, 1948 it merged with India. The district is now known as Kutch.

Catharine Macaulay

Catharine Macaulay (2 April 1731 – 22 June 1791) was an English historian. Between 1763 and 1783 Macaulay wrote her biggest work, "The History of England from the Accession of James I to that of the Brunswick Line". Her 1790 work "Letters on Education" deeply influenced Mary Wollstonecraft.

Macaulay was born Catharine Sawbridge at Olantigh in Kent. She had two brothers. She was educated by a governess.

Macaulay married her first husband George Macaulay on 18 June 1760. In 1766, he died. In 1774, she moved to Bath. In 1788, Macaulay married William Graham. Macaulay died in Binfield in 1791.

Burmee Colony

Burmee Colony (Urdu: برمی کالونی is one of the neighbourhoods of Landhi Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. This neighborhood is named after the Muslim Rohingyas refugees who came from Myanmar (formerly Burma). However, this colony has been settled by Sayed Ahmed and late Haji Hilal Ahmed in early 1960s.

Yadollah Sharifirad

Yadollah Sharifirad (born March 24, 1946) is an Iranian former fighter pilot and military attaché. He was also in 1978 a member of Golden Crown. Golden Crown was the national aerobatics team of Iran. It was a part of the former Imperial Iranian Air Force. 

Sharifirad was one of the most successful Iranian F-5 pilots during the Iran–Iraq War. He had 5 victories against the Iraqi fighter aircraft (3 confirmed victories and 2 probable victories). The victories include: one Su-22 and four MiG-21s. After that he attacked an Iraqi power station, 3 Iraqi fighters attacked him. The Iraqi fighters shot his airplane down. He ejected and Iraqi Kurdish guerrillas took him back to Iran. A movie called "The Eagles" was made about this event.

From 1984 until 1987, he was a military attaché in Pakistan. In 1987, the Iranian government ordered him back to Iran and accused him of the espionage for the United States. He spent one year in prison. He was set free after one year and fled to Canada.

In 2010, Sharifirad wrote a book about his life, called "Flight of a Patriot."" In this book he tells the story of his life from his youth and through taking part in the Iran-Iraq war, his arrest, prison and being tortured, ending with his immigrating to Canada.

Bryan Berard

Bryan Wallace Berard (born March 5, 1977) is an American retired professional ice hockey defenceman. Berard played a total of 619 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Columbus Blue Jackets, Chicago Blackhawks, Boston Bruins, New York Rangers, Toronto Maple Leafs, and New York Islanders.

Before playing in the NHL, Berard played 1 season with the Detroit Junior Red Wings and 1 seasons with the Detroit Whalers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was drafted with the 1st overall pick by the Ottawa Senators in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft.

Berard is best known for a game he played on March 11, 2000 where he was clipped in the right eye by Senators' Marian Hossa and had his sclera slashed. This resulted in both a retinal tear and a detached retina. Berard was told that he might have to lose his eye. During the next season, Berard had over 7 eye operations. The operations left him with 20/600 in his damaged eye. He would later be fitted with a contact lens which allowed him to meet the league's minimum vision requirement of 20/400. He was awarded the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy for his ability to "overcome an injury that left him legally blind in one eye" in 2004.

In early 2006, it was announced that Berard had tested positive for an anabolic steroid which was known as 19-Norandrosterone, in a drug test that he took in November 2005. Berard became the first NHL player to ever test positive for steroids. He said in a statement: "I made a mistake that resulted in a suspension and, while unintentional, I take full responsibility. I became aware of this problem after the fact, and for that I am disappointed in myself." He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2009.

On November 13, 2013, Berard along with ex-police officer John Kaiser, helped catch two con artists that were conspiring to steal $15 million from NHL players as well as many Long Island police officers and their families.


Cheo Feliciano

Cheo Feliciano (José Luis Feliciano Vega, July 3, 1935 – April 17, 2014) was a Puerto Rican composer and singer. He was mostly involved with salsa and Cuban music. He was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico.

Feliciano died in Cupey, Puerto Rico, in a car accident. He was 78 years old.

At the peak of his career in the 1960s he recorded nine albums with the Joe Cuba Sextet, and in the 1970s he recorded 15 albums for Fania Records, then the leading salsa music record company.

Gallatin, Tennessee

Gallatin is a city in Sumner County, Tennessee. It has the population of 44,431 residents. It is named after United States Secretary of State Albert Gallatin.

Virgilio Barco Vargas

Virgilio Barco Vargas (17 September 1921 – 20 May 1997) was a Colombian politician, and civil engineer and member of Colombian Liberal Party. He served as the 27th President of Colombia from 1986 to 1990. Vargas was born in Cúcuta, North Santander, Colombia.

Vargas died in Bogotá, D.C., Colombia from cancer, aged 75.

Carlsbad, California

Carlsbad is a city in north San Diego County, California. It is near San Diego, and 114,746 people live there as of 2020.

Cowboy from Brooklyn

Cowboy from Brooklyn is a 1938 American musical comedy movie directed by Lloyd Bacon. It stars Pat O'Brien, Dick Powell, Priscilla Lane, Ann Sheridan, Dick Foran, Johnnie Davis, and Ronald Reagan. It was released on July 9, 1938.

Pat O'Brien

Pat O’Brien (William Joseph Patrick O'Brien; November 11, 1899 – October 15, 1983) was an American movie, radio, and stage actor. He won a Daytime Emmy Award during his career. O'Brien was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 

He began acting in 1920. He appeared in over 100 movies. He is known for his roles in "Knute Rockne, All American", "Cowboy from Brooklyn", and in "Some Like It Hot". 

O'Brien died from a heart attack in Santa Monica, California, aged 83.


John Houbolt

John Cornelius Houbolt (April 10, 1919 – April 15, 2014) was an American aerospace engineer for NASA. He is best known for his work on the lunar mission mode called "lunar orbit rendezvous" (LOR). This was chosen for Apollo program in early 1962. He was born in Altoona, Iowa.

Houbolt died from natural causes on April 15, 2014 in Scarborough, Maine, aged 95.


John Slattery

John M. Slattery Jr. (born August 13, 1962) is an American actor, director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for his role as Roger Sterling in the AMC drama series "Mad Men". He was part of the "Mad Men" cast that won two SAG Awards. He has also appeared in the movies "Iron Man 2" (2010) and "The Adjustment Bureau" (2011).

Slattery was born in Boston, Massachusetts to an Irish Roman Catholic family. He married actress Talia Balsam in 1998 and together they have a son, Harry.


Gary Speed

Gary Andrew Speed (8 September 1969 – 27 November 2011) was a Welsh footballer and manager. He played mainly as a midfielder. He was born in Mancot, Flintshire.

Speed played for Leeds United from 1988 to 1996 winning the 1991–92 Football League First Division. He also played for Everton from 1996 to 1998, Newcastle United from 1998 to 2004, Bolton Wanderers from 2004 to 2008 and Sheffield United from 2008 to 2010. After playing, he managed Sheffield United for a short time in 2010. At the time of his death in 2011, Speed was manager of Wales since 2010.

Speed killed himself by hanging on 27 November 2011 in the garage of his home in Huntington, Cheshire, England. He was 42. He was outlived by his wife their two sons, Ed and Tom.

Sorrento, Maine

Sorrento is a town in Hancock County, Maine. The population was 279 at the 2020 census.

LeRoy Neiman

LeRoy Neiman (born Leroy Leslie Runquist, June 8, 1921 – June 20, 2012) was an American artist. He is known for his colored, expressionist paintings and screen prints of athletes, musicians, and sporting events. He was born in St. Paul, Minnesota.

Neiman died in New York City, New York from natural causes, aged 91.

Ralf Dahrendorf

Ralph Gustav Dahrendorf, Baron Dahrendorf, KBE, FBA (1 May 1929 – 17 June 2009) was a German-British sociologist, philosopher, political scientist and liberal politician.

Dahrendorf was born in Hamburg, Germany. He studied at Hamburg University and at the London School of Economics.

Dahrendorf was a member of the House of the Lords from July 1993 to June 2009. 

Dahrendorf died in Cologne, Germany, aged 80, on 17 June 2009, after suffering from cancer.


Augusto Boal

Augusto Boal (16 March 1931 - 2 May 2009) was a Brazilian theatre director, writer and politician. 

He was the founder of Theatre of the Oppressed. Boal served one term as a "Vereador" (the Brazilian version of a city councillor) in Rio de Janeiro from 1993 to 1997. He developed the legislative theatre.

Boal died from respiratory failure caused by leukemia, aged 78.

Algirdas Brazauskas

Algirdas Mykolas Brazauskas (22 September 1932 – 26 June 2010) was the first President of Lithuania from 1993 to 1998 and Prime Minister from 2001 to 2006.

Brazauskas died from lymphatic cancer in Vilnius, Lithuania, aged 77.

Your Everything

"Your Everything" is a song performed by country singer Keith Urban. It was released in May 2000. It reached number four on "Billboard" country charts the same year. 

Plains, Georgia

Plains is a city in Sumner County, Georgia. It is the birthplace of the 39th President of the United States Jimmy Carter. He was born here in 1924. In 2020, the U.S. Census Bureau counted 573 people living there.

Point Pleasant, Ohio

Point Pleasant is a small unincorporated community in Clermont County, Ohio. It is the birthplace of the 18th President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant.

Wilton, New York

Wilton is a town in Saratoga County, New York. It has the population of 17,361 residents as of 2020.

Baytown, Texas

Baytown is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. As of 2020, it has about 84,000 residents.

It lies in the east of Texas, near the Gulf Coast.

Baytown was created in 1948.

Baytown has a total area of 37.99 square miles.

Baytown has about 84,000 living there. 


Algarve

The Algarve (from "al-Gharb" "the West") is the southernmost region of continental Portugal. The capital of the Algarve is the city of Faro. There is an international airport and a public university (University of Algarve).

The present region of Algarve coincides with the old province of the same name and with the Faro district. The main economic activity in the region is tourism because its beaches and its historical buildings.

The name Algarve comes from "Gharb Al-Andalus" (, "gharb al-ʼandalus"; "The West of Al-Andalus"), or just Al-Gharb (, "al-gharb"; "The West"), the name given by the Muslims of Iberia to the region to the west of Andalusia.

Algarve has an area of . It borders with the Alentejo region (Alentejo Litoral and Baixo Alentejo subregions) to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south, and the Guadiana river, and Andalusia (Spain), to the east.

The Algarve region is divided in two zones, each with eight municipalities:

The main mountain ranges are "Serra de Monchique", la "Serra de Espinhaço de Cão" and "Serra do Caldeirão". The highest point in the region is the Fóia mountain, high, in the "Serra de Monchique" mountain range.

The westernmost point of the region, and of continental Europa, is Cape St. Vincent (), in the municipality of Vila do Bispo.

Algarve is formed by 16 municipalities (or "concelhos") and 67 "freguesias".

Among the 16 municipalities, Loulé is the largest of the region, with an área of ; this municipality and Silves border both the Alentejo region and the Atlantic Ocean. Vila Real de Santo António is the smallest municipality with an área of .

Only three municipalities do not border the ocean: Monchique, São Brás de Alportel and Alcoutim.

Farming products of the region include fig, almond, orange, carob bean, strawberry tree and cork oak. Horticulture is also important. Fishing and aquaculture are important activities in the coastal area of Algarve.

The wines of the region are well-known. There are four wines in the region which have Protected Designation of Origin ("Denominação de Origem Controlada" – DOC): Lagoa DOC, Lagos DOC, Portimão DOC and Tavira DOC.

Food processing, cement and construction, are the main industries.

Tourism related activities are extensive and make the bulk of Algarve's economy during summer time.


One Hundred Years of Solitude

One Hundred Years of Solitude is a book written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1967 and translated to English in 1970. This book is thought to be Marquez's most famous book and one of the best books ever written in the Spanish language.

The Autumn of the Patriarch

The Autumn of the Patriarch is a book written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1975. The books is inspired by the dictatorships of Gustavo Rojas Pinilla, Juan Vicente Gómez, and Francisco Franco.

Love in the Time of Cholera

Love in the Time of Cholera is a book written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1988 and was translated in English in 2007.

Memories of My Melancholy Whores

Memories of My Melancholy Whores (Spanish: Memoria de mis putas tristes) is the last novel written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 2004. It was translated in English in 2005.

The Solitude of Latin America

"The Solitude of Latin America" was a speech given by Gabriel García Márquez. Márquez gave the speech when he was accepting the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1982. 

New Rochelle, New York

New Rochelle is a city in Westchester County, New York, United States. As of 2020, 79,726 people live in New Rochelle.

Rodrigo García

Rodrigo García (born 24 August 1959) is a Colombian-born television and movie director and screenwriter. He is the son of Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. 

He directed movies and television series such as "Nine Lives" and "Albert Nobbs", and episodes of several HBO series, "Six Feet Under", "Carnivàle", and "Big Love".

Barcha was born in Bogotá, Colombia.

In Evil Hour

In Evil Hour is a novel written by Colombian Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1972. It was published in English in 1979. Márquez lived in Paris at the time and was about to title this book "This Town of Shit" or "This Shitty Town".

Chronicle of a Death Foretold

Chronicle of a Death Foretold is a novel written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1981. It was translated into English in 1983.

The General in His Labyrinth

The General in His Labyrinth is a novel written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1989. It was translated in English in 1990. 

Andy Whitfield

Andy Whitfield (17 October 1971 – 11 September 2011) was a Welsh-Australian actor. He was best known for his leading role of Spartacus in the Starz television series "". He was born in Amlwch, Anglesey.

Whitfield died from non-Hodgkin lymphoma on 11 September 2011 in Sydney, New South Wales. He was 39. He was outlived by his wife and their two children.

Of Love and Other Demons

Of Love and Other Demons is a novel written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1994. 

The Story of a Shipwrecked Sailor

The Story of a Shipwrecked Sailor (Spanish: "Relato de un náufrago") is a non-fiction novel written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published as a series in 1955, but the whole book was published in 1970.

Clandestine in Chile

Clandestine in Chile is a novel written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1986. The story was based on the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet and when movie director Miguel Littín was in exile.

News of a Kidnapping

News of a Kidnapping (original Spanish title: "Noticia de un secuestro") is a non-fiction book by Gabriel García Márquez. It was first published in Spanish in 1996. The English translation was released in 1997.

Living to Tell the Tale

Living to Tell the Tale (original Spanish-language title: "Vivir para contarla") is the first volume of the autobiography of Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 2002. The English translation was published in 2003.

No One Writes to the Colonel

No One Writers to the Colonel is a short story written by Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1961. It was translated into English in 1968.

The Handsomest Drowned Man in the World

The Handsomest Drowned Man in the World is a short novel written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in Spanish in 1968. It was published in English in 1972.

Leaf Storm

Leaf Storm is a short story written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1955. It was translated into English in 1972.

Big Mama's Funeral

Big Mama's Funeral is a short story written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1972. This novel is also mentioned in "One Hundred Years of Solitude" another novel by Márquez. 

The Incredible and Sad Tale of Innocent Eréndira and Her Heartless Grandmother

The Incredible and Sad Tale of Innocent Eréndira and Her Heartless Grandmother is a short story written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1972.

Strange Pilgrims

Strange Pilgrims is a short story written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1992, but Márquez wrote it during the 1970s and 1980s. 

A Very Old Man with Enormous Wings

A Very Old Man with Enormous Wings is a short story written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez. It was published in 1955. It was published in English in 1972.

University of Cartagena

University of Cartagena is a university in Cartagena, Colombia. It was established in 1827. It is a public, departmental, coeducational, research university. Its motto is "Siempre a la altura de los tiempos". Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez attended the university.

Solitude

Solitude is the lack of contact with people. Solitude has positive and negative effects on people. 

Solitude is the pleasure of being alone. It allows people to focus and make good decisions. Solitude allows people to think deeply and to pray. Prayer in solitude gives many people a sense of peace. 

Many writers, musicians, and artists create in solitude. Songwriters and poets often write about solitude. Poetry gives comfort to people who feel alone. Poems give positive perspectives on being alone. Shakespeare, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Octavio Paz, Giannina Braschi, Donald Hall, and Anne Sexton wrote poems about solitude. Philosophers who encouraged solitude include Lao Tzu, Friedrich Nietzsche, Ralph Waldo Emerson, and Virginia Woolf. Woolf wrote a famous essay called "A Room of One's Own" about writing in solitude and privacy. and privacy. 

Too much solitude can cause feelings of loneliness. Social isolation creates health problems, such as dementia, depression, anxiety, and suicide. People who suffer from chronic loneliness can get help from medical professionals, including doctors, psychologists, and spiritual leaders. 


 

Francesco Rosi

Francesco Rosi (15 November 1922 – 10 January 2015) was an Italian movie director, producer and screenwriter. 

He is the father of actress Carolina Rosi. He is known for his 1979 movie "Christ Stopped at Eboli". He won the Golden Prize at the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.

Rosi was born in Naples and died in Rome.

Love in the Time of Cholera (movie)

Love in the Time of Cholera is a 2007 drama movie directed by Mike Newell. It is based on Gabriel García Márquez's novel "Love in the Time of Cholera". It stars Javier Bardem, Benjamin Bratt, Hector Elizondo, Liev Schreiber, John Leguizamo, and Fernanda Montenegro. It was released on November 16, 2007.

Carolina Beach, North Carolina

Carolina Beach is a town in New Hanover County, North Carolina.

Ground beetle

Ground beetles are the Carabidae, a large, cosmopolitan family of beetles. There are more than 40,000 species worldwide, about 2,000 of which are found in North America and 2,700 in Europe. There are a large number of subfamilies.

Although their body shapes and colouring vary, most are shiny black or metallic. They have ridged wing covers (elytra). The elytra are fused in some large flightless species.

Almost all carabids have a groove on their foreleg with a comb of hairs used to clean their antennae.

They defend themselves with noxious secretions. This is typical for the ancient beetle suborder Adephaga to which they belong. They have paired glands in the lower back of the abdomen. These are well developed, and produce noxious or even caustic secretions used to deter would-be predators. 

In bombardier beetles these secretions are mixed with volatile compounds and ejected by a small combustion with a loud popping sound and a cloud of hot and acrid gas. This can injure small mammals, such as shrews, and may kill invertebrate predators outright. To humans, getting "bombed" by a bombardier beetle is a decidedly unpleasant experience. This ability has evolved twice – in the flanged bombardier beetles (Paussinae) which are among the most ancient ground beetles, as well as in the typical bombardier beetles (Brachininae) which are part of a later lineage. 

The Anthiini can squirt their defensive secretions for considerable distances and are able to aim with a startling degree of accuracy; in Afrikaans they are known as "" ("eye-pissers"). Charles Darwin got on the receiving end of a bombardier beetle's defences on a collecting trip in 1828. He discussed this in a letter:
"A "Cychrus rostratus" once squirted into my eye & gave me extreme pain; & I must tell you what happened to me on the banks of the Cam in my early entomological days; under a piece of bark I found two carabi (I forget which) & caught one in each hand, when lo & behold I saw a sacred "Panagaeus cruxmajor"; I could not bear to give up either of my Carabi, & to lose "Panagæus" was out of the question, so that in despair I gently seized one of the carabi between my teeth, when to my unspeakable disgust & pain the little inconsiderate beast squirted his acid down my throat & I lost both Carabi & "Panagæus"!" 

Ground beetles often live under the bark of trees, under logs, or among rocks or sand by the edge of ponds and rivers. Most species are carnivorous and actively hunt for any invertebrate prey they can overpower. Some run fast to catch their prey; tiger beetles (Cicindelinae) are certainly fast runners in comparison to their length. Unlike most Carabidae, which are nocturnal, the tiger beetles are active daytime hunters and often brightly coloured. They have large eyes and hunt by sight. Ground beetles of the species "Promecognathus laevissimus" are specialised predators of the cyanide millipede "Harpaphe haydeniana". They can counter the hydrogen cyanide which makes these millipedes poisonous to most carnivores.

Igor Radulov

Igor Valerievich Radulov (born August 23, 1982) is a Russian ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for HC Atlant Moscow Oblast of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Radulov played 1 season with the Mississauga IceDogs of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). Radulov was drafted with the 74th overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. He played 7 games with the Blackhawks before being sent down to play for their AHL-affiliate Norfolk Admirals. After a season with the Admirals, Radulov was called back up to the Blackhawks. He would play 36 games with them before he was again sent down. He played 54 games with the Admirals before leaving for Russia after the 2004–05 NHL lockout.

His older brother, Alexander Radulov, plays for HC CSKA Moscow also of the KHL.


Parkersburg, West Virginia

Parkersburg is a city in Wood County, West Virginia, United States. As of 2020, 29,738 people live in Parkersburg.

Houma, Louisiana

Houma is the parish seat and the only municipality of Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States. As of 2020, 33,406 people live in Houma.

John Christopher

Christopher Samuel "Sam" Youd (16 April 1922 – 3 February 2012), better known by his pen name John Christopher, was a British science fiction writer. He was best known for his novel "The Death of Grass" and the young adult novel series "The Tripods". He won the Guardian Prize in 1971 and the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis in 1976.

Christopher was born in Huyton, Lancashire. He was married to Joyce Fairbairn from 1946 until they divorced in 1978. They had five children: Nick, Rose, Liz, Sheila and Margret. He later was married to Jessica Ball until her death in 2001.

Christopher died from bladder cancer on 3 February 2012 in Bath, Somerset. He was 89.

Sewol

The ferry MS "Sewol", travelling from Incheon towards Jeju Island off the south coast of South Korea, sank on April 16, 2014 near Jindo Island off the southwest coast, resulting in the death of 304 people.

Leinier Domínguez

Leinier Domínguez Pérez (born September 23, 1983 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban chess Grandmaster.

He won the Cuban Chess Championship in 2002, 2003, 2006, and 2012.

During the 2004 FIDE World Chess Championship he reached the quarter finals, losing to Teimour Radjabov in the tie-break.

His best tournament result was Barcelona 2006, where he scored 8/9 and finished first, ahead of Vassily Ivanchuk, with a performance rating of 2932.

In 2008, he won the CPA chess tournament and the 43rd Capablanca in Memoriam tournament. In the same year he tied for first with Evgeny Alekseev (but lost to him in tie-break) at Biel (6.5/10), ahead of Magnus Carlsen.

On November 8, 2008 he won the World Blitz Championship 2008, held at Almaty in Kazakhstan, with 11.5 points out of 15, ahead of Vassily Ivanchuk, Peter Svidler, Alexander Grischuk and many other top grandmasters.

In June 2013 he won the FIDE Grand Prix in Thessaloniki as a clear first in a field of twelve elite players, among them Fabiano Caruana, Veselin Topalov and Alexander Grischuk.

Igor Korolev

Igor Borisovich Korolev (September 6, 1970 – September 7, 2011) was a Russian ice hockey centre. He played 700 games in the National Hockey League (NHL), He played for the St. Louis Blues, Winnipeg Jets, Phoenix Coyotes, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Chicago Blackhawks. He also played 329 games in the Russian Superleague (RSL) with HC Dynamo Moscow, Lokomotiv Yaroslavl, and Metallurg Magnitogorsk, as well as 104 games in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) with Metallurg Magnitogorsk and Lokomotiv Yaroslavl.

In 2000, Korolev became a naturalized Canadian citizen. On September 7, 2011, 4:05 P.M. Moscow Time, Korolev was killed in the 2011 Lokomotiv Yaroslavl air disaster. The plane that was carrying the entire roster of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl ran off the runway before it took off, hit a tower mast, caught fire and crashed, killing 43 of 45 passengers on board. He was buried at Mount Pleasant Cemetery in Toronto after a funeral on September 18, 2011.


Anish Giri

Anish Giri (born June 28, 1994) is a Dutch chess prodigy. He got the grandmaster title at the age of 14 years, 7 months and 2 days at the 2009 Corus Chess Tournament in Wijk aan Zee in the Netherlands.

Giri is the son of a Nepali-Indian father (Sanjay Giri), and a Russian mother (Olga Giri). Giri was born in St. Petersburg, Russia on 28 June 1994. In 2002, he moved to Japan with his parents. When he lived in Japan, he visited St. Petersburg regularly. Since February 2008, Giri and his family have been living in the Netherlands, in the Dutch city of Rijswijk where his father is working in a research and consulting foundation.

Wesley So

Wesley So (born 9 October 1993) is a Filipino chess grandmaster. So got the GM title at the age of 14 years, 1 month and 28 days, making him the 8th youngest chess grandmaster.

So's transfer to the United States Chess Federation was confirmed in the November 2014 rating list. Soon after, he left Webster University to focus full-time on chess.

Adam Air Flight 574

Adam Air Flight 574 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight operated by Adam Air between the Indonesian cities of Surabaya (SUB) and Manado (MDC) that crashed into the Makassar Strait near Polewali in Sulawesi on 1 January 2007. All 102 people on board were killed, the highest death toll of any aviation accident involving a Boeing 737-400.

The aircraft, a Boeing 737-4Q8, serial number 24070, registration PK-KKW, was manufactured in 1989. Prior to service with Adam Air, owned by ILFC the aircraft had been leased to seven airlines, including Dan-Air, British Airways, GB Airways, National Jets Italy, WFBN, Air One and JAT Airways. The plane has flown 45.371 hours and was last evaluated and declared airworthy by the Indonesian transport ministry on 25 December 2005.

On 1 January 2007, at 12:59 local time (05:59 UTC), the plane departed from Juanda Airport, Surabaya, with 96 passengers (35 adults, 47 children and 4 infants) and 6 crew on board. The passenger list was composed mainly of Indonesian nationals; the only foreigners were an American family of three. The two-hour flight, scheduled to arrive at Sam Ratulangi Airport, Manado, at 16:00 local time, was as expected until the plane disappeared from air traffic control radar screens at Makassar, South Sulawesi, with the last contact at 14:56 local time (06:56 UTC). The last known beacon position was detected by a Singaporean satellite. The altitude of the plane was shown as 35,000 feet (10,670 m) on the radar screen.

Captain Widodo and First Officer Susanto were both at the controls at the time of the accident. The aircraft was having issues with its navigation equipment. First Officer Susanto asked the Air Traffic Controller controlling the Makassar airspace their location and distance from the next waypoint. Instead of using that information to confirm their position, the flight crew decided to manually reset the aircraft's Inertial Reference System.

First Officer Susanto switches his IRS mode to ATT (or attitude) mode, and his attitude indicator screen goes blank. Because of this, Captain Widodo is required to fly the aircraft straight and level for 30 seconds. Because the pilots were focused on the navigation error, neither of them noticed that the autopilot had disconnected. The Boeing 737 slowly began to bank to the right, because an earlier unresolved maintenance error had put the ailerons slightly out of trim.

The increasing right bank goes completely unnoticed until Captain Widodo hears the bank angle warning. In response, he tells the first officer to put his IRS mode back on NAV. First Officer Susanto switches his mode back and attempts to take control of the aircraft to stop it from rolling into an inverted upset situation. Captain Widodo tells Susanto not to turn the aircraft, as he is still under the impression that the autopilot is keeping the aircraft on heading so that the IRS can realign itself. First Officer Susanto then tries to tell the captain that the aircraft is banking dangerously over to the right.

By the time the captain realizes what is actually happening, the aircraft is descending at negative 60 degrees nose down and 110 degrees of right bank. Captain Widodo takes control of the aircraft and attempts to roll the plane wings level, but is spatially disoriented by the lack of visual cues outside of the aircraft and completely ignores his attitude indicator. "Pull up, pull up!" First Officer Susanto screamed. Then, at a speed of Mach 0.926, Widodo pulls back on his yoke, contrary to existing upset recovery procedures. The horizontal stabilizers then separate from the aircraft, leaving it completely uncontrollable. The aircraft's G load then rapidly reverses from 3.5 G to negative 2.8 G, then continues to pick up speed until it crashes into the Makassar Strait.

Rod Roddy

Robert Ray "Rod" Roddy (September 28, 1937 – October 27, 2003) was an American television and radio announcer.

Roddy was born in Fort Worth, Texas on September 28, 1937. He went on to serve as the host of "The Price is Right" shortly after the death of Johnny Olson in 1986. He remained on the show until his death on October 27, 2003. Roddy died from colon cancer and male breast cancer, aged 66.


List of British dukedoms

There are over 20 British titles that are dukedoms. Each of which are related to a certain family who have their own residence. Most of them also had large townhouses in London. The British Royal Family also reserve several for their own personal use such as the Duke of Cambridge.



Liberty Island

Liberty Island is a small island in the New York Harbor in the United States. It is best known as the location of the Statue of Liberty. In 1937, by proclamation 2250, President Franklin D. Roosevelt expanded the Statue of Liberty National Monument to include all of Bedloe's Island. In 1956, an act of Congress officially renamed Bedloe's Island, 'Liberty Island'.

Punch-Out!! (Wii)

Punch-Out!! is a boxing video game written by Next Level Games for the Nintendo Wii. It is the fifth game in the "Punch-Out!!" series.

It was first sold at the Nintendo World Store in New York City on May 16, 2009. It was then in other shops from May 18, 2009 in North America, and from May 22, 2009 in Europe.

In January 2015 Nintendo Direct, said that "Punch-Out!!" and other Wii games would be released for download through the Wii U's Nintendo eShop.

"Punch-Out!!" stars a boxer named Little Mac working his way up the professional boxing circuits, facing a series of colorful boxers. The game requires good speed to keep up with the boxers who are controlled by the Wii. Some of the new opponents in this game are Disco Kid, Giga Mac and Donkey Kong. There are also ten boxers from old versions of "Punch-Out!!". 

The Wii Remote and Nunchuk can be used together, a Wii Balance Board can be used along with Wii Remote and Nunchuk to duck or dodge, or the Wii Remote can be used by itself.

The player must react quickly and spot the moves the opponent is about to make. They need to dodge or block their attacks, before returning with attacks to either the body or the head with the left and right fists. Hitting a weak point at the right time earns stars, with the player able to save up to three stars, losing them if they are hit. When the player has one or more stars, they can perform a Star Punch which deals extra damage. Each fighter has a gauge which must be run down in order to knock the opponent down. Also the player has a heart counter that goes down if they are hit, or if their attacks are blocked. If it reaches zero, the player cannot attack. The player wins a match by either knocking out their opponent (either by a ten count or because they are unable to recover), earning a "technical knock out" by knocking them down three times in a single round, or winning by decision after three rounds have passed. If the player is hit by a knockout punch, it is possible to recover.

The game was revealed in 2008 at the Nintendo Media Summit, where a fifteen second trailer was shown. It was later announced that it was being developed by Next Level Games which had worked with Nintendo on games such as "Super Mario Strikers". Nintendo wished to make a new game similar to the original "Punch-Out!!" for the NES, so they asked the studio to design the game to be exactly like it and the characters to look like the original games.


Ched Evans

Chedwyn Michael "Ched" Evans (born 28 December 1988) is a Welsh footballer. He plays for EFL Championship's Preston North End.

He was born in St Asaph, Denbighshire. Evans was signed by Manchester City from Chester City's youth set up in 2002. In 2009 he was sold to Sheffield United for £3,000,000. Evans was sent to HM Prison Wymott from 2012 to 2014 for raping a woman. He was acquitted of the rape in 2016.

Evans met his girlfriend while he was with Manchester City. She has said that she planned on getting engaged to Evans now he is released from prison.

Evans was tried at the Crown Court at Caernarfon with another footballer called Clayton McDonald on a charge of rape. On 20 April 2012 Evans was convicted of raping a 19-year-old woman. After the conviction, Evans was released by United at the end of the season. Evans was given a prison sentence of 5 years. In October 2014 Evans was released from prison after serving half his sentence.

On 14 October 2016, Evans was found not guilty after a retrial. Evans would sue the law firm he used in the first trial. He would receive a £800,000 settlement on 11 April 2019.

Patty Schemel

Patricia Theresa Schemel (born April 24, 1967) is an American drummer. She was the drummer of Hole from 1992 until 1998. In 2013 she joined the indie rock band Upset.

Schemel grew up in Marysville, Washington. When she was eleven she started playing drums. She started her first band, Sybil, with her brother when she was fifteen. Kurt Cobain liked the band. In 1987, she joined a punk band called Doll Squad. The band broke up in 1989. After drummer Chad Channing left Nirvana, Kurt Cobain considered choosing Schemel as a replacement. Then Dave Grohl auditioned and Cobain chose him as the drummer instead.

In 1992 Schemel was asked to join Hole. She played drums on the band's second album "Live Through This".

In 1995 Schemel came out publicly as a lesbian in a "Rolling Stone" interview.

Schemel started a new band called Green Eyes in early 2010. A documentary about Schemel's life, "Hit So Hard", was released in 2012.

In the early 1990s Schemel became addicted to heroin.

After Schemel left Hole in 1998, she became addicted to crack cocaine and was homeless for over a year.

She lives with her wife, Christina Soletti, in Los Angeles.

Division of Forrest

The Division of Forrest is an Australian Electoral Division in Western Australia. It was set up in 1922 and is named for Sir John Forrest, the first Premier of Western Australia and a federal Cabinet minister. It is in the south-western corner of the state, and includes the towns of Augusta, Australind, Bunbury, Busselton, Capel, Collie, Donnybrook, Dunsborough, Eaton, Harvey, Margaret River, Nannup and Yallingup.


Division of Hasluck

The Division of Hasluck is an electoral division of the Australian House of Representatives, in Western Australia.

It was set up in 2000, for the 2001 federal election. It is named after Sir Paul Hasluck, the Governor-General of Australia from 1969 to 1974, and his wife, Alexandra Hasluck, an author.

The division covers the eastern suburbs of Perth, and includes the following suburbs:

Ken Wyatt is the first Indigenous Australian member of the House of Representatives.


Magic in the Moonlight

Magic in the Moonlight is a 2014 American comedy-drama movie. This is set on the French Riviera in the 1920s. Marcia Gay Harden, Colin Firth and Emma Stone star in the movie. Woody Allen directed the movie.

This movie was released on July 25, 2014.

Parkland (movie)

Parkland is a 2013 American historical drama movie. It is about chaotic events following the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Marcia Gay Harden plays Head Nurse Doris Nelson. Billy Bob Thornton plays Agent Forrest Sorrels.

The movie was released in autumn 2013.

Dylan Tombides

Dylan James Tombides (8 March 1994 – 18 April 2014) was an Australian association footballer. He played as a striker for West Ham United and the Australia U17 and Australia U23 teams. He was born in Perth, Western Australia.

Tombides made his professional debut for West Ham on 25 September 2012 in a 4–1 home defeat to Wigan Athletic in the League Cup. He came on as an 84th-minute substitute for Gary O'Neil.

Tombides died from testicular cancer on 18 April 2014 in London, England. He was 20.

Brian Priestman

Brian Priestman (10 February 1927 – 18 April 2014) was a British conductor, maestro and music educator. He was the Music Director of the Denver Symphony Orchestra from 1970 until 1978. He was Dean of the Faculty of Music and Professor at the University of Cape Town from 1980 to 1986.

He was born in Birmingham, England.

Priestman died on 18 April 2014 at his home in Broze, France, aged 87.


Gyula Gömbös

Gyula Gömbös de Jákfa (26 December 1886 – 6 October 1936) was a Hungarian military officer and politician. He served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 1 October 1932 until his death on 6 October 1936. He was born in Murga, Austria-Hungary.

Gömbös died in Munich, Germany from testicular cancer, aged 49.

Péter Boross

Péter Boross (born 27 August 1928) is a Hungarian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 1993 to 1994. He is also known for his contributions to the country's transition to democracy in the wake of communism's collapse.

Boross was born on August 27, 1928, in Kisújszállás, Hungary. He studied electrical engineering at Budapest University of Technology and Economics and later earned a doctorate in economics from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.

In 1950, Boross joined the Hungarian Communist Party, which later became the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party (MSZMP). He worked as an engineer for several years before transitioning to politics in the 1970s.

Boross served as Minister of the Interior from 1987 to 1990, during which time he oversaw the dissolution of Hungary's secret police force, the ÁVH. He was also responsible for implementing reforms that allowed for greater political freedoms and the establishment of a multi-party system in Hungary.

After the fall of communism in Hungary, Boross served as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior under József Antall. In 1993, Boross succeeded Antall as Prime Minister after (Antall's) death.

As Prime Minister, Boross focused on strengthening Hungary's economy and implementing further democratic reforms. He introduced a series of measures aimed at improving the country's fiscal position and attracting foreign investment. He also worked to improve relations with neighboring countries, including Romania and Slovakia.

Boross's tenure as Prime Minister was marked by significant political and economic challenges. His government was criticized for its handling of the economy, which was still recovering from the effects of communism. There were also tensions between Boross's Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) party and its coalition partners, which ultimately led to the collapse of his government in 1994.

After leaving politics, Boross returned to academia, where he continued to study and write about Hungarian history and politics. He has authored several books and articles on the subject, including "Hungarian Political Thought in the Twentieth Century" and "The Hungarian Right in the Twentieth Century."

Today, Boross is regarded as an important figure in Hungary's transition to democracy and its emergence as a free-market economy. His contributions to the dismantling of Hungary's secret police force and the establishment of a multi-party system have had a lasting impact on the country's political landscape.

Péter Boross was born on August 27, 1928, in Kisújszállás, Hungary. He grew up in a working-class family and worked as a laborer and factory worker before attending university. Boross studied economics and political science at the Budapest University of Economics, where he earned his degree in 1951. After graduation, he worked for the Ministry of Foreign Trade and later served in the Hungarian Armed Forces. In 1957, he joined the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party, which was the ruling Communist party at the time, and began his career in politics.

After joining the Communist Party in 1957, Péter Boross began working for a state-owned enterprise that specialized in exporting Hungarian goods. He rose through the ranks to become the director of the company, which gave him valuable experience in international trade. In 1967, he became the managing director of another state-owned enterprise, which manufactured and exported machinery. During his tenure, the company achieved significant growth and success, becoming one of Hungary's leading exporters. In the 1980s, Boross also became involved in Hungary's emerging private sector, co-founding a number of successful businesses, including a transportation company and a consulting firm. His entrepreneurial career helped him gain valuable experience and insights into the challenges and opportunities of Hungary's transition to a market economy.

Péter Boross's political career began in 1990, when he was appointed as Hungary's Minister of the Interior in József Antall's government. He went on to serve as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 1993 to 1994, succeeding Antall after his death. During his time in office, Boross oversaw several key initiatives, including the introduction of a new constitution and Hungary's integration into the European Union. After his tenure as Prime Minister, Boross continued to be an active member of Hungary's political scene, serving as a member of parliament and as a member of the Hungarian European Parliament delegation. He also served as the president of the Hungarian National Association of Radio Amateurs and was active in several charitable organizations. Boross retired from active politics in 2010 but remains a respected and influential figure in Hungarian political circles.

Since retiring from active politics in 2010, Péter Boross has continued to be involved in public life through various activities. He has remained an active commentator on political and social issues, frequently contributing opinion pieces to newspapers and appearing on television and radio programs. In addition, he has served on the board of several organizations, including the Hungarian Atlantic Council and the Robert Schuman Foundation. Boross has also remained active in promoting Hungarian culture and history, serving as the honorary president of the Hungarian National Museum and participating in various cultural events. Despite his advancing age, he remains an influential figure in Hungarian public life and continues to be highly respected for his contributions to the country's political and economic development.

Péter Boross was born in 1928 in Kisújszállás, Hungary. He was married to Judit Bokor from 1953 until her death in 2013, and they had two children together. Boross is known for his interest in history, particularly the history of Hungary and the Austro-Hungarian Empire. He is also an avid amateur radio operator and has been involved in the Hungarian National Association of Radio Amateurs for many years. Boross has received numerous awards and honors throughout his career, including the Order of Merit of the Republic of Hungary and the Order of Saint Stephen, the highest honor in Hungary.

Péter Medgyessy

Péter Medgyessy (born 19 October 1942) is a Hungarian economist and politician who served as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 2002 to 2004. He is a member of the Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) and was elected to parliament in 1994.

Medgyessy was born on October 19, 1942, in Budapest, Hungary. He studied economics at the Budapest University of Economics and later earned a PhD in the same field from the Karl Marx University of Economics in Moscow.

Medgyessy worked as an economist for several years before entering politics in the 1990s. He was appointed as the Minister of Finance under Prime Minister Gyula Horn in 1996 and held the position until 1998.

In 2002, Medgyessy was elected as Prime Minister of Hungary after his party won a narrow victory in the parliamentary elections. His government pursued a program of economic and social reforms aimed at reducing Hungary's budget deficit and promoting growth.

Medgyessy's government introduced a number of measures aimed at improving Hungary's fiscal position and stimulating economic growth. These measures included the introduction of a flat tax system, the privatization of state-owned enterprises, and the reform of the pension system.

However, Medgyessy's government faced several challenges during its time in power, including a series of corruption scandals and accusations of economic mismanagement. In 2004, Medgyessy resigned as Prime Minister after losing the support of his coalition partners.

Following his resignation, Medgyessy returned to academia and became a professor of economics at the Budapest University of Economics. He also served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Hungarian Development Bank from 2007 to 2010.

Medgyessy has been a vocal critic of Hungary's current government and its leader, Viktor Orbán, and has spoken out against what he sees as the government's authoritarian tendencies and disregard for the rule of law.

Overall, Medgyessy is regarded as a competent economist and a committed public servant, though his time as Prime Minister was marred by controversy and political turmoil. He remains active in public life and continues to advocate for progressive economic policies and democratic values.

Péter Medgyessy is a Hungarian economist and politician who served as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 2002 to 2004. He was born on October 19, 1942, in Budapest, Hungary. He comes from a family of intellectuals and politicians, with his father being a renowned economist and his mother a prominent member of the Communist Party. Medgyessy studied economics at the Karl Marx University of Economics, now known as the Corvinus University of Budapest, and later pursued further studies in the United States. He has since held various positions in both the public and private sectors, including serving as the CEO of the Hungarian subsidiary of KPMG.

Péter Medgyessy is a Hungarian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 2002 to 2004. He began his political career as an economist in the Ministry of Finance during the 1970s. In 1996, he was appointed as the Minister of Finance in the government of Gyula Horn, where he implemented various economic reforms. In 2002, he became the Prime Minister of Hungary, leading a coalition government of the Hungarian Socialist Party and the Alliance of Free Democrats. During his tenure, he implemented several social and economic reforms, including the introduction of a flat tax system. He resigned in 2004 amid controversy over his alleged past involvement with the Communist secret police.

Péter Medgyessy, the former Prime Minister of Hungary, has been embroiled in several controversies throughout his career. One of the most significant controversies was related to his alleged past involvement with the Communist secret police. Medgyessy was accused of having worked as an intelligence officer for the secret police during the Communist regime in Hungary. He denied the allegations but eventually admitted to having worked as an informant in the late 1970s. Another controversy was related to the privatization of state-owned companies during his tenure as Prime Minister, with accusations of corruption and insider dealing. Additionally, he was criticized for his handling of the Iraq War, with many accusing him of lying to the public about Hungary's involvement. Medgyessy's political career has been tarnished by these controversies, and his legacy remains a subject of debate in Hungary.

Since leaving government, Péter Medgyessy has continued to be involved in various business and civic activities. He has served as a board member and advisor for several Hungarian and international companies, including OTP Bank, MOL Group, and Telekom Hungary. He has also been a vocal advocate for environmental sustainability and has been involved in several initiatives aimed at promoting renewable energy and reducing carbon emissions. In addition to his business and environmental work, Medgyessy has also been active in promoting Hungarian culture and education. He has served as the president of the Hungarian Fulbright Alumni Association and has been involved in various educational and cultural exchange programs between Hungary and the United States.

Péter Medgyessy has been recognized with several awards and honors for his contributions to politics, economics, and public service. In 1999, he was awarded the Hungarian Republic's Order of Merit, and in 2000 he was awarded the Order of the British Empire for his contributions to promoting Anglo-Hungarian relations. He has also been recognized by various international organizations, including the World Economic Forum and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, for his work in promoting economic growth and development in Hungary. In 2015, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Hungary for his contributions to the country's economic and political development. Medgyessy's numerous awards and merits are a testament to his distinguished career and public service.

Arseniy Yatsenyuk

Arseniy Petrovych Yatsenyuk (, "Arseniy Petrovych Yatseniuk"; born May 22, 1974) is a Ukrainian politician, economist and lawyer. He was the Prime Minister of Ukraine. He became Prime Minister in February 2014. He resigned on 14 April 2016.

Ibn Taymiyyah

Ibn Taymiyyah (661-728 AH/ 1263-1328 CE) is regarded as one of the prominent Sunni Islamic scholars and mujaddids (renewers or revivers) of Islam. His full name is Ahmad ibn Abdul Haleem ibn Abdus Salam ibn Taymiyyah. His titles are Sheikh al-Islam, the Imām, the Scholar, the Mufassir (Exegete), the Faqīh (Jurist), the Mujtahid, the Hāfidh, the Muḥaddith (master of hadith). He was a member of the islamic jurisprudence school founded by Ahmad ibn Hanbal. He was notable for wanting to return Islam to what he viewed as earlier interpretations of the Qur'an and the Sunnah. He lived during the troubled times of the Mongol invasions in Syam. He is the most influential teacher of Ibnul Qayyim.

Reagan Era

The Reagan Era or Age of Reagan is an era in American history that lasted from 1981 to 1989. It is used by historians and political theorists to show that the conservative "Reagan Revolution" led by President Ronald Reagan in domestic and foreign policy had a long and lasting impact. 

Ronald Reagan was elected President in 1980. He defeated incumbent Jimmy Carter by winning 44 out of the 50 American states. When Ronald Reagan became president, he signed the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981, which some people say helped the economy. Afterwards more and more jobs began to appear. More people were getting jobs. Inflation decreased. During Reagan's presidency, he also helped expand the American military. This also created more jobs, but also raised the deficit. During his first term, the economy went from a 4.5% to 7.2%.

In 1984, Reagan won in a major landslide by winning 49 out of the 50 American states. During his second term, Reagan focused on ending the Cold War. He held many meetings between Margaret Thatcher, Pope John Paul II, and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev. They first met at the Geneva Summit in 1985. Later they both discovered their passion of ending the war. Reagan met four times with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, who ascended to power in 1985, and their summit conferences led to the signing of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty.

Also during his second term, Reagan's Invasion of Grenada and bombing of Libya were popular in the US, though his backing of the Contras rebels was mired in the controversy over the Iran–Contra affair that revealed Reagan's poor management style.

Reagan was also president during the outbreak of the AIDS crisis in America. Many members of the American LGBT community found Reagan's response to the epidemic to be delayed, and that he is responsible for a wide spread of the disease. 

They thought Reagan dominated this stretch of American history in the same way that President Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal legacy dominated the forty years that followed. The Reagan Era included ideas and personalities beyond Reagan himself. Since leaving office in 1989, Reagan has become one of the most popular Presidents of the United States. 

Reagan is usually characterized as the leader of a conservative movement whose ideas, whether good or bad, overwhelmed the national policy making in areas such as taxes, welfare, defense, the federal judiciary and the Cold War. Although he faced liberal opposition by the American public, Reagan is revered by conservatives for serving as an embodiment of their beliefs.


Reagan County, Texas

Reagan County is a county in Texas. 

It has 3,385 residents, as of 2020. It has four communities; Big Lake, Best, Stiles, and Texon.

Ronald Reagan Ballistic Missile Defense Test Site

The Ronald Reagan Ballistic Missile Defense Test Site, commonly referred to as the Reagan Test Site (formerly Kwajalein Missile Range), is a missile test range in the Pacific Ocean. Missiles have been tested there since 1959.

It covers about and includes rocket launch sites at the Kwajalein Atoll (on multiple islands), Wake Island, and Aur Atoll. It is named after 40th President of the United States Ronald Reagan.

Woodland, California

Woodland is a city in Yolo County, California, United States. As of 2020, 61,032 people lived in Woodland.

Kenner, Louisiana

Kenner is the sixth most populous city in the state of Louisiana and the most populous city in Jefferson Parish. As of 2020, 66,448 people lived in Kenner.

Alexandria, Minnesota

Alexandria is a city in Douglas County, Minnesota, United States. As of 2020, 14,335 people lived in Alexandria.

Yerington, Nevada

Yerington is a city in Lyon County, Nevada, United States. As of 2020, 3,121 people lived in Yerington.

Statesboro, Georgia

Statesboro is a city in Bulloch County, Georgia, United States. As of 2020, 33,438 people lived in Statesboro.

Oxford, Maine

Oxford is a town in Oxford County, Maine. It has 4,229 residents as of 2020.

Redondo Beach, California

Redondo Beach is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. As of 2020, 71,576 people lived in Redondo Beach.

East Orange, New Jersey

East Orange is a city in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of 2020, 69,612 people lived in East Orange.

Shoreline, Washington

Shoreline is a city in King County, Washington, United States. As of 2010, 53,007 people lived in Shoreline.

Miltonvale, Kansas

Miltonvale is a city in Cloud County, Kansas, United States. As of 2020, 440 people lived in Miltonvale.

Buitreraptor

Buitreraptor is a small dromaeosaur from the Cretaceous of Argentina. It was about four to five feet long (1.5 metres).

"Buitreraptor" has a slender, flat, extremely elongated snout. Its jaws have many small teeth which lack meat-tearing serrations or cutting edges. They are grooved, strongly recurved and flattened. This probably meant it ate quite small animals, like lizards and mammals. 

Since its close relatives had feathers, it is likely that "Buitreraptor" also was feathered. 

Pooja Sharma

Pooja Sharma is an Indian model and actress. She appeared in serial "Mahabharat" on Star Plus.

Sharma was born in Delhi, India. She plays the role of Draupadi in mythological venture Mahabharat.

Sharma came from a Delhi-based educated family. She said "I am here because of my family. They have always supported me when it comes to acting and seeing me on screen. My brother is very critical about my work and on the other hand my mom and sister-in-law love my work. The journey in Mahabharat is very beautiful. I have actually fallen in love with Draupadi's and my work."

Sharma started her career with modeling. She has also done anchoring, hosting and daily ads. After that she got selected for the role of Draupadi.

Henri Jules, Prince of Condé

Henri Jules de Bourbon, Prince of Condé (Paris, 29 July 1643 – Paris, 1 April 1709) was a member of the House of Bourbon and was the Prince of Condé till his death. He was also the only surviving son of the famous "Grand Condé". He was known for his bizarre bouts of madness. He was also ranked as a Prince of the blood st the Royal court of Versailles. At the end of his life he suffered from clinical lycanthropy and was considered insane.

He was married to Princess Anne Henriette of Bavaria at the Louvre in December 1663. She was a cousin of Elisabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate. The couple had ten children including the next Prince of Condé. He also had an illegitimate daughter with a mistress. He was well educated but had a malicious character.

Ernst Florian Winter

Ernst Florian Winter (16 December 1923 – 16 April 2014) was an Austrian-American historian and political scientist. He was the first director of the Diplomatic Academy of Vienna after World War II. He was also the chairman of the International Council of the Austrian Service Abroad. He was born in Vienna.

Winter died on 16 April 2014 at the age of 90.


Sonia Silvestre

Sonia Margarita Silvestre Ortiz (16 August 1952 – 19 April 2014) was a Dominican singer and announcer. Her best known songs were "Esta Es Sonia Silvestre" (1974), "Yo Quiero Andar" (1990) and "Verde y Negro" (2007). She was born in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic.

Silvestre died from complications due to a stroke and two heart attacks on 19 April 2014 in Santo Domingo. She was 61.


Nenê

Nenê (born Maybyner Rodney Hilário; September 13, 1982) is a Brazilian basketball player. He is a forward-center for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the Denver Nuggets from 2002 until 2012. He legally had his named changed to Nenê in 2003.

He was drafted with the 7th overall pick by the New York Knicks in the 2002 NBA Draft. Right after he was draft, the Knicks traded Nenê along with Marcus Camby and Mark Jackson to the Denver Nuggets for Antonio McDyess and a 25th draft pick (Frank Williams). On January 14, 2008, Nenê had a testicular tumor removed at a Denver hospital.

On March 15, 2012, the Nuggets traded him to the Washington Wizards in a three-way trade that also involved the Los Angeles Clippers. JaVale McGee and Ronny Turiaf were sent to the Nuggets from the Wizards, Nick Young went to the Clippers from the Wizards and the Wizards also received Brian Cook from the Clippers.


Not Alone (Aram Mp3 song)

"Not Alone" is a song by Armenian singer Aram Mp3. This song was selected to represent Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark.

The video was set in the Armenian capital Yerevan. The video shows a boyfriend and girlfriend having a fight in the girlfriend's car. The boyfriend's frustration then leads him to leave the car, which leaves both of them crying.

This song was performed in the Eurovision concert in Amsterdam.

Running (András Kállay-Saunders song)

"Running" is a song sung by American-Hungarian singer Andras Kalláy Saunders. It was chosen to represent Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark.

The music video was set in the outskirts of Budapest. The video shows a 7 year old girl who fears her abusive father. When her father comes back from work, he beats her in rage. She runs away from her home. At the same time Kalláy is singing the song, a mased woman is dancing around.

Esther Ralston

Esther Ralston (born Esther Louise Worth, September 17, 1902 – January 14, 1994) was an American actress. She starred in movies, including "Tin Pan Alley" and on television series, including "Our Five Daughters".

Ralston was born in Bar Harbor, Maine. Ralston died of a heart attack at age ninety-one in Ventura, California.

Robert Blake

Robert Blake may refer to:







Project Ara

Project Ara is the codename for an initiative by Google. It aims to develop a free, open hardware platform for making modular smartphones. Google says the phone is designed to be used by "six billion people". It will come in three sizes. The project was announced by Google in October 2013. It is led by Paul Eremenko.

David Bateson

David Bateson (born 9 February 1960) is a South African-British actor. He was born in South Africa. He is known best for providing the voice and appearance of Agent 47, the main character of IO Interactive's computer and video game series "Hitman".

Bateson was born in South Africa to English parents. He became an actor before returning to Britain in 1984. He later moved to Canada, and later to Copenhagen, Denmark. He is a full member of British Equity and Danish Actors Union.

His first achievement was in 1994 film "Prince of Jutland". He also played the part of a young sailor in the 1996 film "Breaking the Waves". He played the main role in the 2002 film "Debutanten".

In the "Hitman game series", Bateson provided the voice, physical guide and appearance of Agent 47. He stayed as the character model until the fifth game, "", when he said to a member of a "Hitman" fan forum that "No one from IO Interactive is answering my calls, e-mails or sms."

However on 28 August 2012, the "Hitman" Facebook page confirmed that Bateson will once again be voicing 47. Brand Director Jon Brooke said his absence made them realise they wanted him.



Adam Rose

Raymond Leppan (born 20 July 1979) is an South African former professional wrestler. He is best known for working for the WWE where he competed under the ring names Adam Rose and Leo Kruger.

On the January 30 tapings of "NXT", Leppan debuted under the Adam Rose name and had the gimmick of an eccentric rock star.

On 11 May 2016, Leppan was arrested for tampering with a witness (domestic) and battery domestic assault. He would be suspended by WWE and then granted his release when he asked for it. On 14 June 2016, Leppan would release a shirt with his mugshot on it and say the idea came from his wife.

On 18 March 2019, Leppan announced that he was retiring from professional wrestling in-ring competition.


Sri Lankan elephant

The Sri Lankan elephant ("Elephas maximus maximus") is one of the three subspecies of the Asian elephant ("Elephas maximus"). 

The other two subspecies are the Indian elephant ("Elephas maximus indicus") and the Sumatran elephant ("Elephas maximus sumatranus"). 

The Sri Lankan elephant is the largest of the three subspecies. They are about tall, and can weigh up to . They eat leaves, shrubs, grasses, and other plants. 

This subspecies is the National animal of Sri Lanka and is native to the island country. It once lived over the entire island. They now live in the dry zones in the north, east, and southeast. These zones are mainly dry deciduous woodland, scrubland, grassland, and marshes. There is a small group in the rainforest. 

Sri Lankan elephants are sometimes working animals. They carry timber, transport passengers, and participate in public events like the Procession of Buddha's Tooth. There were many of them in the past. They were aggressively hunted. 

In modern times, these elephants can be seen in Sri Lanka's national parks and elephant orphanages. They have been declared an endangered species, and are protected by law. Killing one carries the death penalty.

Asian elephants are usually smaller than African elephants. Females are usually smaller than males. Life span is about 60-70 years in the wild, and over 80 years in captivity. Elderly elephants may starve to death when their teeth wear out or fall out. 

The Asian elephant's highest body point is on its head. The tip of their trunk is used like a finger. Their back is curved upward or level. 

Their ears are smaller than those of the African elephant. Their feet have more nails than those of African elephants. They have five nails on each front foot, and four on each back foot. Few Sri Lankan male elephants develop tusks, and females have no tusks. Their skin color is darker than that of the two other Asian subspecies. They may have large patches of skin color loss (depigmentation) on ears, face, trunk, and tummy.

Sri Lankan elephants are the largest subspecies of the Asian elephant. Their shoulder height is between 6 and 11 ft. They weigh between 4,000 and 12,000 lb.

Like humans, apes, and dolphins, they have a large and well developed brain. They are very smart. Elephants have the largest brain of all land animals. They have very good memories. They can remember places, people, and events from long in the past.

The Sri Lankan elephant was once widely distributed across Sri Lanka. Over the past two hundred years however, human land use and development has forced the elephant from the wet and fertile regions of the southwest to the drier regions of the north, east, and southeast. These drier areas are mainly deciduous woodland, scrub, grassland, and marshes.

Like the two other subspecies of Asian elephants, Sri Lankan elephants live in groups of individuals that are related by blood. The group is led by a matriarch. She is usually the oldest and most experienced female in the group.

Sometimes a group will join another group to become a clan. The clan may then join another group or clan to become a herd. Groups are female-centered, and consist of grandmothers, mothers, daughters, sisters, and aunts. 

Immature male elephants are members of the group, but once they reach sexual maturity, the females drive them out of the group. These males may then join bachelor groups or live on their own.

A mature male elephant is a bull, and a mature female elephant is a cow. Their offspring are called calves. Calves suckle for 2 to 5 years, and develop close ties with their mothers. All cows in the group, clan, or herd will help in different ways to raise and protect the calves.

Male calves are more likely to leave their mothers to play. Play involves head sparring, mounting, charging, shoving, and chasing. Female calves play chasing and running games, throw sticks, and may attack imaginary foes. Both sexes play rough and tumble games with each other.

When males reach sexual maturity in their early teens, the matriarch and other female members of the group will chase him away. These males will not be able to mate with their relatives. The babies of such close unions will likely be inferior elephants.

Young males often form bachelor groups. Only a very few of Sri Lankan male elephants develop tusks. Female do not have tusks. Males become more solitary as they grow older. Adult males join females only for mating. Males do not help in raising the young.

Sri Lankan elephants eat leaves, grasses, shrubs, and vines. They sometimes enter farm gardens and eat crop plants. Baby and young elephants feed mostly on different grasses. 

Sri Lankan elephants are both browsers and grazers. They walk along and eat, but also stand still and eat what they can reach.

Adult elephants eat 300-400 lb. of food per day to support their bulk. These elephants will eat for up to 16 hours a day to meet their need for food. They drink from 25 to 50 gallons of water daily.

The elephants use less than 50% of the food they eat. They produce huge amounts of manure. They defecate about 16–18 times a day, and produce about 220 lbs. of dung.

In the wild, this manure carries and spreads the undigested seeds in the elephant's diet. Their manure is a source of food for insects and birds.

Asian male elephants reach sexual maturity during their early teens. At that time, they enter an annual phase called "musth". This is a period when they become sexually aggressive. They will fight other males to mate with a female.

Once a male and female have successfully mated, a baby elephant called a calf develops in the mother's womb. The calf is born after an 18 to 22 month period. At birth, the calf weighs about 220 lb. Twins are rare. 

Babies are weaned at 18 months to 3 years or longer. Female calves stay close to their mothers to strengthen their bonds; male calves venture away from their mothers to explore and play. 

Once a mother gives birth, she usually does not breed again until the first calf is weaned. This results in a birth interval of 4 to 5 years. Mothers remain with their herd, but mature males are driven away.

In the distant past, Sri Lankan elephants numbered in the hundreds of thousands. They lived in all zones of the island. They were aggressively hunted by Sri Lankans, other Asians, and Europeans. 

In the 19th century, a British officer was said to have killed 1,500 elephants. Other British officers held similar records. Between 1829 and 1855 alone, more than 6,000 elephants were captured and killed. 

In 2014, there was an estimated 4,000 elephants living on Sri Lanka. The Sri Lankan elephant is protected under the Fauna and Flora Protection Ordinance of Sri Lanka (FFPO), and killing it carries the death penalty. 

Sri Lankan elephants are important to the economic and cultural life of Sri Lanka. Some are working elephants. They are used to carry timber. These elephants are losing their jobs because tractors are replacing them. 

Elephants can be seen in protected areas and national parks. These elephants attract tourists. This trade improves the economy and the lives of Sri Lankans. 

The elephant has always been held in great cultural esteem in Sri Lanka. Rajah, a Sri Lankan elephant with tusks that nearly touched the ground, was declared a national treasure in 1985.

Sri Lankan elephants participate in ceremonies, processions, and other public events. The Esala Perahera (the festival of Buddha's tooth) is held annually in Kandy, Sri Lanka. It is thought to date to the 3rd century BC. Elephants lead the procession, bearing the sacred tooth.

Sri Lankan elephants face the same threats to survival as other Asian elephant subspecies do: the clearing of forests to make way for farms and other human developments has destroyed their living areas. 

Conflicts between elephants and humans have been the result. These conflicts have led to the death of both elephants and humans, and the destruction of property. The situation is complicated by the elephant's taste for crops grown by humans such as sugar cane, bananas, and other fruits. 

In 1997, about 126 wild elephants were lost as a result of these conflicts. Conflict between government troops and a terrorist group called the Tamil Tigers has also put elephants at risk.

Blanche Barton

Blanche Barton (born Sharon Densley; October 1, 1961 in San Diego, California) is an American religious leader. She is the Magistra Templi Rex of the Church of Satan. Satanists address her as "Magistra Barton". 

Barton became the High Priestess after Anton LaVey died on October 29, 1997. She held the position of High Priestess until April 30, 2002. Barton has written two books: "The Church of Satan: A History of the World's Most Notorious Religion" and "The Secret Life of a Satanist: The Authorized Biography of Anton LaVey".


Tamari

Tamari is a Japanese soy sauce. It is milder and less salty than regular soy sauce. It has more fermented soy sauce.

Tamari uses the same processes and ingredients except for wheat, of which it contains little to none. Tamari shoyu is particularly popular in Nagoya and its surrounding areas.

Ma Baker

"Ma Baker" is a popular song performed by Boney M. The song came off their album "Love for Sale". It hit #2 in Britain. The song was remixed and sampled for several other songs. It was only minor in the United States.

The song was released May 2, 1977.

Nathan Dempsey

Nathan Dempsey (born July 14, 1974) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. Dempsey played a total of 260 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Blackhawks, Los Angeles Kings and Boston Bruins.

Before playing in the NHL, Dempsey played 3 seasons with the Regina Pats of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He was drafted with the 245th overall pick by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft.

Dempsey spent most of his time with the Leafs's AHL affiliate St. John's Maple Leafs. During his time there, Dempsey was able to win the Fred T. Hunt Memorial Award for best exemplifying sportsmanship, determination and dedication in 2001–02. Aside from North American leagues, Dempsey has also played for Eisbären Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL) during the 2004–05 NHL lockout and SC Bern of the National League A (NLA). After his time with SC Bern was done, he retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2008.


Live Through This

Live Through This is the second studio album by Hole. It was released by Geffen Records on April 12, 1994. It got very good reviews. Most of the album was written by Courtney Love and guitarist Eric Erlandson. It was the only Hole album with bassist Kristen Pfaff. Love's husband Kurt Cobain did backing vocals on two songs. Four singles were released from the album, including "Doll Parts". The album was dedicated to Joe Cole, a roadie for Black Flag, who was shot to death during a robbery in December 1991 after attending a Hole show in West Hollywood, California.

Hole's first studio album "Pretty on the Inside" was released in 1991. In March 1992, after the band toured to promote the album, drummer Caroline Rue and bassist Jill Emery left the band. In April 1992 Patty Schemel joined the band as drummer in replacement of Rue. The band moved to Carnation, Washington to a house owned by Love and her husband Kurt Cobain and began writing songs for a second album.

"Rolling Stone" gave the album four out of five stars. "Spin" gave it a score of 10/10.

Pretty on the Inside

Pretty on the Inside is the first studio album by Hole. It was released on September 17, 1991 in the United States on Caroline Records. In Europe it was released on City Slang. One single, "Teenage Whore", was released from the album. The album was produced by Kim Gordon and Don Fleming. It has sold over 200,000 copies in the US. All of the songs on the album were written by Courtney Love and Eric Erlandson apart from the last song "Clouds".


Del Shannon

Charles Weedon Westover (or Del Shannon; December 30, 1934 – February 8, 1990) was an American rock and roll singer and musician. He had several popular songs, including "Runaway" in 1961.

Del Shannon was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He shot himself dead with his rifle at age fifty-five in Santa Clarita, California. He was cremated.

Holiday in Cambodia

"Holiday in Cambodia" is the second single off American hardcore punk band Dead Kennedys' debut studio album "Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables". The song was released in May 1980. 

The cover art for the song was taken during the Thammasat University massacre on 6 October 1976 in Thailand. It shows a member of a right-wing crowd beating the corpse of a student protester with a chair. The song is against both Eastern totalitarianism and Western complacency. The original version of the song features the satirically quoted word "niggers", later performances of the song by the Dead Kennedys, as well as other artists have replaced the word with "brothers". Biafra, however, has often replaced the word with "blacks".

Lead singer Jello Biafra was sued by the other members of Dead Kennedy because he would not allow the song to be used in a Levi's Dockers commercial. Biafra opposed Levi's because he believes they use unfair business practices and sweatshop labor. The other members of the band said that they had had their royalties defrauded. "The record industry has been skimming royalties owed artists since the beginning," according to Dead Kennedys guitarist East Bay Ray. "This case is no different from blues musicians being taken advantage of in the twenties and thirties. Many people doubted the claims we made against our former record label back in 1998 but with this announcement there is no denying we were the victims here."

Julie Bindel

Julie Bindel (born 20 July 1962) is an English writer. She is a lesbian and radical feminist. She lives in Crouch End, London. She is a freelance journalist. Her work is often published by "The Guardian". Bindel edits "Gaze: A Modern Review".

She became involved in feminism in 1979 as a teenager in Leeds. In 1990 she started Justice for Women with other feminists.

George Deukmejian

Courken George "Duke" Deukmejian, Jr. (; June 6, 1928 – May 8, 2018) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party.

He was the 35th Governor of California from 1983 to 1991. He was also California Attorney General from 1979 to 1983.

Deukmejian died at his home in Long Beach, California on May 8, 2018 at the age of 89.

Menands, New York

Menands is a village in Albany County, New York. It is in the city of Colonie. It has the population of 4,554 as of 2020.

Colonie, New York

Colonie is a town in Albany County, New York. It has the population of 85,590 as of 2020.

Silver City, New Mexico

Silver City is a town in Grant County, New Mexico. It has the population of 9,704 as of 2020.

Veruca Salt

Veruca Salt is an American alternative rock band. Louise Post and Nina Gordon started the band with drummer Jim Shapiro and bassist Steve Lack in 1993. In 1994 their first album "American Thighs" was released. Gordon left the band in 1998. In 2013 she joined the band again. On June 22 2014 the band's original members will perform together for the first time in 19 years.

Moscow State University of Geodesy and Cartography

Moscow State University of Geodesy and Cartography () is a university in Russia. It is one of the first universities in the world dedicated to geodesy and cartography. It was established in 1779 and has six faculties.


Moscow State University of Land Management

State University Of Land Use Planning () is a university in Moscow. It is dedicated to the study of land management. The university was established in 1779. It has 7 faculties. 


Indianola, Mississippi

Indianola is a city in Sunflower County, Mississippi, United States. As of 2020, 9,646 people lived in Indianola.

Antimatter fuel

Antimatter, when it comes into contact with regular matter, releases a huge amount of energy. This energy is in the form of an explosion. This explosion can be harnessed for electrical means (Creating electricity) or as a thrust (Because antimatter has to be created, it would be extremely inefficient to use for electricity.) Since newtons laws state that if you push something, you get pushed. That is how rockets work. The antimatter can be exploded and forced behind the rocket, pushing the rocket forward. But antimatter reactions can produce harmful discharges of high energy gamma rays. High energy gamma rays break down molecules in cells and can also make the rocket engines radioactive. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) is currently doing research to reduce this harmful side effect.

Lou Brissie

Leland Victor "Lou" Brissie (June 5, 1924 – November 25, 2013) was an American baseball starting pitcher. He played for two Major League Baseball teams—the Philadelphia Athletics from 1947 to 1951 and the Cleveland Indians from 1951 to 1953. He was a symbol for the disabled and veterans after getting leg injuries in World War II. He was born in Ware Shoals, South Carolina.

Brissie died from heart and lung failure on November 25, 2013 in Augusta, Georgia. He was 89.

Walter Frosch

Walter Frosch (19 December 1950 – 23 November 2013) was a German professional association footballer. He played as a defender. He was a player for SV Alsenborn, 1. FC Kaiserslautern and FC St. Pauli between 1970 and 1979. He was born in Ludwigshafen, Rhineland-Palatinate (then part of West Germany).

Frosch died from a cardiac arrest on 23 November 2013 in Hamburg, aged 62.

Presidential portrait (United States)

An Official Presidential Portrait is an oil portrait painted of a President of the United States of America. In recent years, the official portrait of the President is a photograph until after they leave office.

The tradition started with Gilbert Stuart's portrait of George Washington. Presidents often display the official portraits of Presidents they admire (on loan from the National Portrait Gallery) in the Oval Office, or around the White House.

Everett Kinstler

Everett Raymond Kinstler (August 5, 1926 – May 26, 2019) was an American portrait artist. He painted official portraits of businesspeople and also Presidents of the United States. He painted portraits for Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan.

Kinstler was born in New York in 1926. He studied at the Art Students League of New York and taught there between 1969 and 1974. He died on May 26, 2019 of a short-illness at the age of 92.



List of mammals of Great Britain

This is a list of mammals of Great Britain. 

The Great Britain mammal fauna is impoverished compared with that of continental Europe. This is because there was only a short time between the last ice age and the flooding of the land bridge between Britain and the rest of Europe. The list only has land species which crossed before the creation of the English Channel, and those later brought in by humans.
Native (indigenous) species have three possible definitions:

This list includes mammals from the small islands around Great Britain and the Channel Islands. There are no endemic mammal species in Great Britain, although four distinct subspecies of rodents have arisen on small islands.

Rodents make up the largest order of mammals, with over 40 percent of mammalian species. They have two incisors in the upper and lower jaw which grow continuously and must be kept short by gnawing. Most rodents are small though the coypu (once introduced to Great Britain, but subsequently eradicated) can weigh up to 9 kg (15.5 lb).
Family: Castoridae (beavers)


Family: Cricetidae (voles)


Family: Muridae (rats, mice and relatives)


Family: Gliridae (dormice)


Family: Sciuridae (squirrels)


The lagomorphs comprise two families, Leporidae (hares and rabbits), and Ochotonidae (pikas). Though they can resemble rodents, and were classified as a superfamily in that order until the early 20th century, they have since been considered a separate order. They differ from rodents in a number of physical characteristics, such as having four incisors in the upper jaw rather than two.

Family: Leporidae (hares and rabbits)


Superorder: Laurasiatheria
Order: Erinaceomorpha

The order Erinaceomorpha contains a single family, Erinaceidae, which comprise the hedgehogs and gymnures. The hedgehogs are easily recognised by their spines while gymnures look more like large rats.

Superorder: Laurasiatheria
Order: Soricomorpha

The "shrew-forms" are insectivorous mammals. The shrews and soledons closely resemble mice while the moles are stout-bodied burrowers. 

Superorder: Laurasiatheria
Order: Chiroptera

The bats' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings, making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight. Bat species account for about 20% of all mammals.


Superorder: Laurasiatheria
Order: Artiodactyla

The even-toed ungulates are ungulates whose weight is borne about equally by the third and fourth toes, rather than mostly or entirely by the third as in perissodactyls. There are about 220 artiodactyl species, including many that are of great economic importance to humans.


Superorder: Laurasiatheria
Order: Perissodactyla

The odd-toed ungulates are browsing and grazing mammals. They are usually large to very large, and have relatively simple stomachs and a large middle toe.

Superorder: Laurasiatheria
Order: Carnivora

There are over 260 species of carnivorans, the majority of which feed primarily on meat. They have a characteristic skull shape and dentition. 


The order Cetacea includes whales, dolphins and porpoises. They are the mammals most fully adapted to aquatic life with a spindle-shaped nearly hairless body, protected by a thick layer of blubber, and forelimbs and tail modified to provide propulsion underwater.



Though most marsupials make up a great part of the fauna in the Australian region, the red-necked wallaby has been introduced and a feral population is currently breeding on the island of Inchconnachan, and at Loch Lomond in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. A smaller group is present on the Isle of Man, and the species is locally extinct in the Peak District, in Cumbria, and at Ashdown Forest in East Sussex.

Family: Macropodidae (kangaroos, wallabies, and kin)


Rodents make up the largest order of mammals, with over 40 percent of mammalian species. They have two incisors in the upper and lower jaw which grow continuously and must be kept short by gnawing. Most rodents are small though the coypu (once introduced to Great Britain, but subsequently eradicated) can weigh up to 9 kg (15.5 lb).

Family: Muridae (rats, mice and relatives)


Family: Gliridae (dormice)


Family: Sciuridae (squirrels)


The lagomorphs comprise two families, Leporidae (hares and rabbits), and Ochotonidae (pikas). Though they resemble rodents, and were classified as a superfamily in that order until the early 20th century, they have since been put in a separate order. They differ from rodents in a number of physical characteristics, such as having four incisors in the upper jaw rather than two.

Family: Leporidae (hares and rabbits)


Superorder: Laurasiatheria
Order: Soricomorpha

The "shrew-forms" are insectivorous mammals. The shrews and soledons closely resemble mice while the moles are stout-bodied burrowers.

Superorder: Laurasiatheria
Order: Artiodactyla

The even-toed ungulates are ungulates whose weight is borne about equally by the third and fourth toes, rather than mostly or entirely by the third as in perissodactyls. There are about 220 artiodactyl species, including many that are of great economic importance to humans.

Superorder: Laurasiatheria
Order: Carnivora



Derek Cooper

Derek MacDonald Cooper (25 May 1925 – 18 April 2014) was a British journalist. He wrote about food, wine and whisky. He worked with "The Listener", "The Observer", "Home & Garden" and "Saga Magazine".

He created the idea of BBC Radio 4’s weekly program "The Food Programme". He was born in London, England.

Cooper died from Parkinson's disease in London, aged 88.

Pontotoc, Mississippi

Pontotoc is a city in Pontotoc County, Mississippi. As of 2020, the population is 5,640.

Lamesa, Texas

Lamesa is a city in Dawson County, Texas. As of 2020, it has a population of 8,674.

Luciano do Valle

Luciano do Valle Queirós, (4 July 1947 – 19 April 2014) better known as Luciano do Valle was a Brazilian sports commentator, television presenter, journalist and entrepreneur. He worked on several broadcasters on television—Rede Globo from 1971 to 1982, Rede Record from 1982 to 1983 and 2003 to 2006, and Rede Bandeirantes from 1983 to 2003 and 2006 to his death. He was born in Campinas, São Paulo.

Luciano do Valle died on the afternoon of 19 April 2014 in Uberlândia, Minas Gerais, aged 66.


Volta River

The Volta River is a river which is mostly in Ghana. It drains into the Gulf of Guinea and Atlantic Ocean. It has three main tributaries the Black Volta, White Volta and Red Volta.

Water drains into the Volta from most of Ghana, most of Burkina Faso, and parts of Benin, Ivory Coast, Mali, and Togo. In 1964, the Akosombo Dam was built. This created a reservoir along the river known as Lake Volta.

Neville Wran

Neville Kenneth Wran (11 October 1926 – 20 April 2014) was an Australian politician and lawyer. He served as the Premier of New South Wales from 1976 until 1986. He was National President of the Australian Labor Party (ALP) from 1980 to 1986. He also served as chairman of both the Lionel Murphy Foundation and the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) from 1986 to 1991.

Wran was born in Paddington, New South Wales. He was educated in Balmain. He was married twice and had five children.

Wran died from dementia on 20 April 2014 in Elizabeth Bay, New South Wales. He was 87.


Lauri Törni

Lauri Allan Törni (28 May 1919 – 18 October 1965), later known as Larry Thorne, was a Finnish Army captain. He led an infantry company in the Finnish Winter and Continuation Wars. After the wars, he moved to the United States. He then joined the American Army. He is known as the soldier who fought under three flags: Finnish, German (when he fought the Soviets in World War II), and American (where he was known as Larry Thorne) when he served in U.S. Army Special Forces (Green Berets) in the Vietnam War.

Lauri Allan Törni was born in Viipuri, Viipuri Province, Karelia, Finland. His father was a ship captain named Jalmari (Ilmari) Törni. His mother was Rosa (née Kosonen) Törni. He had two sisters: Salme Lesley (b. 1920) and Kaija Iris (b. 1922). When he was a boy, he was athletic. An early friend was future Olympic Boxing Gold Medalist Sten Suvio. He attended business school and served with the Finland Civil Guard. Then he entered military service and joined the 4th Independent Jaeger Infantry Battalion stationed at Kiviniemi.

During the Winter War, he fought battles at Lake Ladoga. His courage was noticed by his commanders. At the end of the war, he received officer training. Then he was commissioned a Vänrikki (2nd lieutenant) in the reserves. After the Winter War, in June 1941, Törni went to Vienna, Austria. In Vienna, he received 7 weeks of training with the Waffen SS. Then he returned to Finland in July. Because he was a Finnish officer, he was recognized as a German Untersturmfuhrer.

Törni is famous because of his courage in the Continuation War (1941–44) between the Soviet Union and Finland. In 1943 he was the leader of "Detachment Törni". His infantry unit went behind enemy lines to attack the Russians. One of Törni's men was future President of Finland, Mauno Koivisto. The two served together during the Battle of Ilomantsi. This was the last Finnish-Soviet battle of the Continuation War.

Törni's unit caused many casualties on the Russian units. The Soviet Army placed a reward of 3 million Finnish Marks, equivalent to 650,000 USD, to anyone who captured Törni. Because of his courage, Törni was decorated with the Mannerheim Cross on 9 July 1944.

Törni was not happy when Finland made peace with the Soviets. The peace agreement required Finland to take up arms against Germany in the Lapland War. He left the Finnish Army. In 1945, he was recruited by a pro-German resistance movement in Finland. He traveled to Germany for saboteur training. He wanted to organize resistance in case Finland was occupied by the Soviet Union. He surrendered to British troops in Germany at the end of World War II. Then he returned to Finland in June 1945.

After he returned to Finland, he was arrested by ValPo, the Finnish national security agency. There was a trial for treason in 1946 because he had joined the German army. After the trial he received a 6 year sentence in January 1947. He went to prison in Turku, but he escaped in June. He was recaptured and went to a different prison. In December 1948, Finnish President Juho Paasikivi gave him a pardon.

In 1949 Törni, traveled with his wartime executive officer Holger Pitkänen to Sweden. They entered Sweden from Tornio to Haparanda (Haaparanta). From Haparanda they traveled by railroad to Stockholm. Törni stayed with the Baroness von Essen, who helped many Finnish officers following the war. Pitkänen was arrested and returned to Finland. Törni met and fell in love with a Swedish Finn, Marja Kops. They were engaged to be married. Looking for a new job before the marriage, Törni traveled to Caracas, Venezuela. Törni met one of his Winter War commanders, Finnish colonel Matti Aarnio, who lived in Venezuela. From Caracas, Törni hired on to a Swedish cargo ship, the "MS Skagen". The "Skagen" sailed to the United States in 1950. While in the Gulf of Mexico, near Mobile, Alabama, Törni jumped overboard and swam to shore. Now he was a political refugee. He traveled to New York City where he was helped by the Finnish-American community in the Sunset Park, Brooklyn "Finntown." There he worked as a carpenter and cleaner. In 1953, Törni received residence permit through an Act of Congress. The law firm of William J. "Wild Bill" Donovan (the former head of the OSS, America's wartime covert military organization) helped pass the law.

Törni joined the U.S. Army in 1954. The Lodge-Philbin Act was a special law that allowed non-citizens to join the army. He adopted the name Larry Thorne. While in the US Army, his friends were Finnish-American officers known as "Marttinen's Men." They helped Private Thorne join the Special Forces. While in the Special Forces, Thorne taught skiing, survival, mountaineering, and guerrilla tactics. In turn he attended airborne school. He advanced in rank and received a commission as a 2nd lieutenant in 1957. He was promoted to captain in 1960. From 1958 to 1962 he served in the 10th Special Forces Group in West Germany at Bad Tölz. While there he was second in command of a search and rescue mission in the Zagros mountains of Iran. The mission was very difficult and Thorne was praised because of its success.

In 1962 Thorne is shown as a lieutenant with the 10th Special Forces Group in a United States Army "The Big Picture" episode.

In November 1963 Thorne joined Special Forces unit A-734 in Vietnam. He fought in the Mekong Delta and received medals for bravery.

In 1965, Thorne transferred to Military Assistance Command, Vietnam – Studies and Observations Group (MACV–SOG). This was a classified U.S. special operations unit. The unit focused on unconventional warfare in Vietnam. On 18 October 1965, Thorne was supervising a secret mission on a helicopter. The helicopter crashed in a mountainous area of Vietnam, 25 miles (40 km) from Da Nang. A rescue team went to the crash site. They could not find it because of the mountains and trees.

Shortly after his disappearance, Thorne was promoted to the rank of major.

Thorne's body was found in 1999. Also, the bodies of the helicopter crew were found. The bodies were formally identified in 2003. On 26 June 2003, he was buried at Arlington National Cemetery, section 60, tombstone 8136. The remains of the Vietnam casualties were buried with him.








In the 1990s, Törni's name became more and more well-known as a martial war hero. Several books were written about him. He was named 52nd in the "Suuret Suomalaiset" listing of famous Finns. In the 2006 "" ("Finnish Soldier") magazine listing, he was named most courageous of the Mannerheim Cross recipients.

In Finland, the survivors, friends, and families of Detachment Törni formed the Lauri Törni Tradition Guild. The Infantry Museum (Jalkaväkimuseo) in Mikkeli, Finland, has an exhibit dedicated to Törni, as does the Military Museum of Finland in Helsinki. Törni is considered as the primary hero by both Finnish Parachute Rangers and Coastal Rangers, the two elite Finnish army formations.

At Fort Carson, Colorado, headquarters building for Special Forces is named the Larry Thorne Headquarters Building. The Special Forces 10th Group presents the Larry Thorne Award to the best Operational Detachment-Alpha in the command each year. The Special Forces Association Chapter 33 in Cleveland, Tennessee is named after him. In 2010 he was named as the first Honorary Member of the United States Army Special Forces Regiment.

In the book "The Green Berets" by Robin Moore, the "Sven Kornie" (or Captain Steve Kornie) main character in the first chapter was based on Thorne.

In a 2013 book "Tuntematon Lauri Törni" ["Unknown Lauri Törni"], Juha Pohjonen and Oula Silvennoinen say that Törni's conviction for treason was correct. They say the SS training that Törni received at the end of World War II was to support a National Socialist coup in Finland. Törni Heritage Guild members Markku Moberg and Pasi Niittymäki disagree. They say Törni faced pressure from war and alcohol, but did not support Germany. Finnish historian Jussi Niinistö says Törni's training was motivated by patriotism.




Eilmer of Malmesbury

Eilmer of Malmesbury was an English monk, born around 980. He is known for having attempted one of the first human flights in history.

The reason Eilmer made his flight was that he needed to think of a way out whenever the Vikings would attack the abbey. He went up a church tower with his gliding equipment that he had made from willow or ash. He made a downward flight of some 200 meters or so - from at least 18 meters high.


Lorestan province

Lorestan Province is a province of western Iran. It is the home land of the Lurs people and of the Luri language. Lorestan is in the Zagros Mountains, in the western part of Iran.

Some of the important cities are Khorramabad, Borujerd, and Aligudarz.


Division of Moore

The Division of Moore is an Australian Electoral Division in Perth.


Bay of Pigs Invasion

The Bay of Pigs Invasion was an attempt in 1961 (during the Cold War) to remove Fidel Castro from power in Cuba. The CIA trained Cuban exiles and these exiles launched an attack in a bay called the Bay of Pigs.

The invasion was a failure and most of the attackers were captured or killed. There were several conflicts that led to this; including a lack of promised air support and a change in where the landing was to be launched. This was one of many unsuccessful attempts by the CIA to rid Cuba of Castro. One interesting fact is that the plan was originally put in motion by Eisenhower, but the attack was ordered by John F. Kennedy who only found out about the plan after his election.


Thomas Eagleton

Thomas Francis Eagleton (September 4, 1929 – March 4, 2007) was an American politician. 

Eagleton was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He studied at Harvard Law School and at Amherst College.

He served as a United States senator from Missouri. He served as senator from 1968 to 1987. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Eagleton was a running mate for George McGovern during the 1972 United States presidential campaign. However, Eagleton soon withdrew from the ticker after Robert Boyd reported that Eagleton suffered from psychiatric problems and undergone three shock treatments.

Eagleton then ran for President of the United States in 1984, but lost the primary to Walter Mondale.

In 2007, Eagleton died in St. Louis, Missouri from heart and respiratory failure, aged 77.

Rubin Carter

Rubin "Hurricane" Carter (May 6, 1937 – April 20, 2014) was an American middleweight boxer. He is best known for being wrongfully convicted for a triple murder for which he was in jail for 19 years.

Carter was an African American who was born in Clifton, New Jersey. He was sent to a juvenile reformatory after stabbing a man and being convicted of assault in the late 1940s. He escaped in 1954 and joined the Army. He was discharged for unfitness. He was sent to prison for escaping from the reformatory. He mugged several people, for which he was convicted and imprisoned.

Carter began a boxing career in 1961, shortly after being released from prison. He married Mae Thelma Basket in 1963.

In 1966, in a bar in Paterson, New Jersey, a bartender and two customers were shot dead. In 1967, Carter and John Artis were convicted of the murders and given three life sentences. In 1976, their convictions were quashed and they were reconvicted at a second trial. In 1981, Artis was paroled. In 1985, Carter's murder convictions were again quashed and he was released.

Carter's wife divorced him. he moved to Toronto, Ontario and married Lisa Peters. He was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2011. He died of the disease on April 20, 2014 in Toronto, aged 76. He is survived by his daughter and son from his first marriage.

Carter is the subject of Hurricane, a song by Bob Dylan, and "The Hurricane", a movie.

Clifton, New Jersey

Clifton is a city in Passaic County, New Jersey. In 2020, 90,296 people lived there.

Beaufort, South Carolina

Beaufort is a city in Beaufort County, South Carolina. In 2020, 13,607 people lived there.

Narendra Modi

Narendra Damodardas Modi (born 17 September 1950) is an Indian politician. He is the current Prime Minister of India serving since 2014. He was the Chief Minister of the state of Gujarat from 2001 to 2014. Modi was elected as the Prime Minister of India in May 2014. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Narendra Modi was born into a Gujarati family in Vadnagar. As a child, he used to help his father, who ran a tea stall at Vadnagar railway station. Later, he and his brother ran a tea stall of their own at a bus terminus.

In 1978, Modi received a B.A. degree in political science from School of Open Learning at the University of Delhi, graduating with a third class. Five years later, in 1983, he received a Master of Arts degree in political science from Gujarat University, as an external distance learning student.

Modi led the BJP in the 2014 Indian general election which gave the party a majority in the Indian lower house of parliament, the Lok Sabha, the first time for any single party since 1984. He soon became Prime Minister of India.

PM Modi's administration has tried to raise foreign investment in the Indian economy and cut spending on healthcare and social welfare programmes. The Modi government has made amendments to existing environmental and labour laws.

Following his party's victory in the 2019 Indian general election, introduced the Citizenship Amendment Act, which resulted in widespread protests across the country.

Modi was appointed Chief Minister of Gujarat in 2001. Modi was elected to the legislative assembly soon after. His administration oversaw the 2002 Gujarat riots, and he was criticized for how he handled them initially,which was his starting career as a chief minister .There have been multiple investigations into the Gujarat riots, including a Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT), which cleared Modi of any wrongdoing.

As a Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has had high approval ratings. In early 2017, a survey from Pew Research Center showed Modi to be the most popular figure in Indian politics.

In 1968, he married Jashodaben. However, the couple has been separated. Narendra has a close relationship with his mother, Hiraben(who died). He is a vegetarian.


Henry Wilcoxon

Henry Wilcoxon (8 September 1905 – 6 March 1984) was an Dominican-English silent movie actor. He was born in Roseau, Dominica. He was known for his role as Bishop Pickering in "Caddyshack". He is also known for appearing as a leading man in Cecil B. DeMille's movies.

Wilcoxon died in Los Angeles, California from cancer and heart failure, aged 78.


Richard Jeni

Richard John Colangelo (April 14, 1957 – March 10, 2007), better known as Richard Jeni, was an American stand-up comedian and actor. He was known for his role in "The Mask" and in "Platypus Man". He was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

Jeni committed suicide by shooting himself at his Los Angeles, California after suffering from depression for two months. He was 49 years old.


Benson, Arizona

Benson is a city in Cochise County, Arizona.

Benson, New York

Benson is a town in Hamilton County, New York.

Douglas Kenney

Douglas C. "Doug" Kenney (December 10, 1946 – August 27, 1980) was an American writer and actor. He was born in Palm Beach, Florida. He was one of the co-founders of "National Lampoon" magazine, along with Henry Beard and Robert Hoffman. Kenney collaborated with Beard at the Harvard Lampoon, which they wrote for while they went to the namesake college. They both co-wrote the satirical novel "Bored of the Rings". Afterwards, they went to make a nationwide version of the magazine christened, "The National Lampoon". The magazine spun off into a radio show, a TV special, albums and films—which he also wrote for.

He co-wrote the "National Lampoon's Animal House", which he also had an extended cameo in as "The Stork". After the success of Animal House, he produced and wrote "Caddyshack"--which he also had a nameless cameo in. He had a bit part in the 1977 film "Between the Line".

Kenney died after falling from a thirty-foot cliff in Kauai, Hawaii. He was 33 years old. Kenney's death was ruled as "accidental".

Mimi Kok

Maria Christina "Mimi" Kok (25 January 1934 – 19 April 2014) was a Dutch actress. She was best known for her work with entertainer Wim T. Schippers. She appeared in the movies "Paranoia" (1967), "Red Sien" (1975) and "Han de Wit" (1990). She was born in Amsterdam, North Holland.

Kok died from a lung disease on 19 April 2014 in Amsterdam. She was 80.

Win Tin

Win Tin (, ; 12 March 1930 – 21 April 2014) was a Burmese politician and political prisoner. He was arrested in July 1989 because of his senior position in the National League for Democracy (NLD). For his writings, he spent 19 years in prison. He was born Kyopinkauk, Pegu Division, British Burma.

Tin died from renal failure on 21 April 2014 in Yangon, aged 84.

Penny Arcade Expo

PAX (originally named Penny Arcade Expo) is a series of gaming festivals. It is held in Seattle, Washington (PAX Prime, PAX Dev), Boston, Massachusetts (PAX East), San Antonio, Texas (PAX South), and Melbourne, Victoria (PAX Australia). The festival was created by "Penny Arcade" authors Jerry Holkins and Mike Krahulik in 2004. They created it because they wanted to attend a show that would give equal attention to console gamers, computer gamers, and tabletop gamers. Since its creation, the event has grown to become very popular; it is widely considered one of the most important events to the video gaming community.


Data science

Data science is the study of the extraction of knowledge from data. It uses techniques from many fields, including signal processing, mathematics, probability, machine learning, computer programming, statistics, data engineering, pattern matching, and data visualization, with the goal of extracting useful knowledge from the data. With computer systems able to handle more data, big data is an important aspect of data science.

A person that does data science is called a data scientist. Data scientists solve complicated data problems using mathematics, statistics and computer science. However, a data scientist is most likely to be an expert in only one or two of these disciplines, meaning that cross disciplinary teams can be a key component of data science.

Good data scientists are able to apply their skills to achieve many kinds of purposes. Their skills and competencies vary widely.

Benedikt Sarnov

Benedikt Mikhailovich Sarnov (; 4 January 1927 – 20 April 2014) was a Russian literary critic, historian of Soviet literature, and writer. He graduated from Gorky Institute of World Literature in 1951. He became a member of Union of Soviet Writers in 1960. He was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR of the Soviet Union.

Sarnov died on 20 April 2014 in Moscow, aged 87.


Walter Munk

Walter Heinrich Munk (October 19, 1917 – February 8, 2019) was an Austrian-born American physical oceanographer. He was professor of geophysics emeritus and held the Secretary of the Navy/Chief of Naval Operations Oceanography Chair at Scripps Institution of Oceanography. He has won awards such as Alexander Agassiz Medal (1977), National Medal of Science (1985), William Bowie Medal (1989), Vetlesen Prize (1993), Kyoto Prize (1999) and Crafoord Prize (2010).

Munk was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary to a Jewish family. He was sent to a boys' preparatory school in upper New York state in 1932.

Munk turned 100 in October 2017. He died on February 8, 2019, at La Jolla, California. He was 101.


Ardingly

Ardingly is a village in the borough of Mid Sussex in the county of West Sussex. About 1,900 people live in Ardingly. Its postcode is RH17.

Mid Sussex

Mid Sussex is a borough created on 1 April 1974. About 145,000 people live there. It is in West Sussex in South East England. 

Alexander Lenkov

Alexander Sergeyevich Lenkov (17 May 1943 – 21 April 2014) was a Russian actor. He was best known for winning the People's Artist of Russia in 1997. He was born Rasskazovo, Tambov Oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Lenkov died from a long illness on 21 April 2014 in Moscow, aged 70.

Henry Maksoud

Henry Maksoud (8 March 1929 – 17 April 2014) was a Brazilian businessman. He got the title of "Master of Science in Fluid Mechanics" from the University of Iowa in the United States. He was the owner of the five-star hotel Maksoud Plaza in São Paulo. He was also the owner of the magazine "Visão". He was Chairman of the Engineering Institute of São Paulo from 1967 to 1968.

Maksoud was born in Aquidauana, Mato Grosso do Sul.

Maksoud died after having a cardiac arrest on 17 April 2014 in São Paulo. He was 85.


Wendell Young

Wendell Edward Young (born August 1, 1963) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. He is currently the general manager of the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League.

Young played for the Vancouver Canucks, Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins and Tampa Bay Lightning in the National Hockey League. Young is the only hockey player to have won a Memorial Cup (in 1982 with the Kitchener Rangers), a Calder Cup (with the 1988 Hershey Bears), a Turner Cup (with the 1998 and 2000 Chicago Wolves), and a Stanley Cup (with the 1991 and 1992 Penguins). He also has 2 Robertson Cups with the Kitchener Rangers as Ontario Hockey League Champions in 1981 and 1982.

Katwijk

Katwijk is a municipality in the Netherlands. It is near the coast of the North Sea. It is about 16 kilometers north from The Hague. There are 62,825 people living in Katwijk. 

The municipality is very popular with tourists, especially those from Germany. Some of the most popular tourist attractions of Katwijk are the beach, several museums and galleries of fine art, a railway museum, and some museums of local and regional history. Near Katwijk are the headquarters of the European space organisation ESA with its space travel museum Space Expo (on the town's borders), Duinrell in Wassenaar and Keukenhof in Lisse.

Katwijk is known for its wide-spread graffiti culture. Several legal graffiti places can be found in the town. Graffiti-related activities are often organised, for example covering the local lighthouse with graffiti.

On 1 January 2006, Rijnsburg and Valkenburg were merged into the municipality of Katwijk.

Chris Hadfield

Chris Austin Hadfield, OOnt CD, (born August 29, 1959) is a Canadian retired astronaut. He was the first Canadian to walk in space. He has flown on two space shuttle missions and has also served as commander of the International Space Station which made him the first Canadian to serve as commander of the International Space Station when he lead Expedition 35 after launch on 19 December 2012. He was previously a Royal Canadian Air Force fighter pilot. 

Forbes described Hadfield as "perhaps the most social media savvy astronaut ever to leave Earth" with an audience all over the internet including over 2,000,000 Twitter followers, over 600,000 Facebook fans, one of the top Reddit AmA threads of all time and a popular Tumblr blog.

Hadfield wrote a memoir titled "An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth" and published it in 2013. The book became a New York Times bestseller and was the bestselling book in Canada on a Canadian subject.


Celebrity Skin

Celebrity Skin is the third studio album by Hole. It was released on September 8, 1998 on Geffen Records. Three singles were released from the album. The album was given good reviews by music critics.

Gayle Rubin

Gayle S. Rubin (born January 1 1949) is an American cultural anthropologist. She is an Associate Professor of Anthropology and Women's Studies at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.

Rubin grew up Jewish in the Southern United States. In 1978, she moved to San Francisco. On June 13 of that year Rubin started the first known lesbian SM group, Samois. In May 1983, the group broke up.

In 1994, Rubin completed her PhD in anthropology at the University of Michigan. She has been an associate professor of anthropology, women's studies and comparative literature since 2004.

Petah Tikva

Petah Tikva (, , meaning "opening of hope"; other spellings: "Petah Tiqwa" (official) and "Petach Tikvah" (unofficial)) is a city in western Israel. is a city in the Central District of Israel. It is east from Tel Aviv and belongs to the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area. About 231,000 people were living there in 2015, making it the fifth-largest city of the country. About 70,000 of them are Orthodox Jews.

European Orthodox Jews established the settlement in 1878 and named it Petah Tikva after a prophecy of Hosea. Because of this, it is the oldest agricultural settlement erected by Zionist Jews in the 19th century and therefore nicknamed "Em HaMoshavot", meaning "mother of the moshavot". The new settlement was attacked by raiders in 1886, a few guards volunteered to keep it safe from raiders, in total the settlement had six guards, the last and most famous out of them is , his original house stand til this day intact. It obtained city status in 1937.

The city is low-lying. The Yarkon River flows north of Petah Tikva.

Petah Tikva comes second in a list of cities in Israel industrial activities. Many high-tech and communications companies have their headquarters here. The city used to be surrounded by a lot of citrus plantations but due to urban expansion this is no longer the case.

The city has about 300 synagogues, the same number of educational institutions, and six hospitals, among them the Rabin Medical Center.

Several highways are close by, like Highway 4 in the west, Trans-Samaria Highway in the north, and Trans-Israel Highway in the east.

Yarkon Cemetery is in Petah Tikva and is the most important cemetery of the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area.


Game of Thrones

Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series, based on George R. R. Martin's book series "A Song of Ice and Fire". The first episode was shown on April 17, 2011 on Home Box Office. There are eight seasons in total as of 2019. The first season was nominated for thirteen Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Drama Series and won two of them. The series focuses on various kings and queens in two continents called Westeros and Essos. Many of the successors to the throne fight for power. The series is praised for human sexuality and story line.

The plot revolves around two continents namely, Westeros (the western continent) and Essos (the eastern continent). Noble families of Westeros fight amongst themselves to gain the Iron Throne. And, meanwhile an old enemy which has been dormant for ages is rising again.


2012–13 Chicago Blackhawks season

The 2012–13 Chicago Blackhawks season was the team's 87th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). The season was shortened to a 48 games instead of the usual 82 games because of the 2012–13 NHL lockout. The team won the Western Conference championship. They defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals to win their 5th Stanley Cup in franchise history. Patrick Kane won the Conn Smythe Trophy for being the Most Valuable Player of the playoffs.

Theodore Hesburgh

The Rev. Theodore Martin Hesburgh, CSC, STD (May 25, 1917 - February 26, 2015) is an American priest of the Congregation of Holy Cross. He is also the President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame. He is the namesake for TIAA-CREF's Hesburgh Award.


C. Delores Tucker

Cynthia Delores Tucker was an African-American politician. She was known for her civil rights activism and for being against gangsta rap music. She died when she was 78 on October 12, 2005. 

In 1971, Tucker became the first black female United States Secretary of State. In 1990 she started the African-American Women for Reproductive Freedom with 15 other African American women and men. In 1996 Tucker was chosen by "People" magazine as one of "25 of the Most Intriguing People in the World" .

Tucker started "Vital Issues: The Journal of African American Speeches".

William Usery Jr.

Willie Julian Usery, Jr. (December 21, 1923 – December 10, 2016) was an American labor union activist and U.S. government politician. He served as United States Secretary of Labor in the Ford administration from 1976 until 1977.

Usery, Jr., died on December 10, 2016 in Eatonton, Georgia from heart failure, aged 92.

Herb Gray

The Right Honourable Herbert Eser "Herb" Gray (May 25, 1931 – April 21, 2014) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was a cabinet minister and served under three prime ministers. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Canada from 1997 until 2002, when Jean Chrétien was Prime Minister. He was also Canada's first Jewish federal cabinet minister.

Gray was born in Windsor, Ontario. He was married to Sharon Sholzberg and had two children.

Gray died on April 21, 2014 at a hospital in Ottawa, Ontario, aged 82.

Janet Gray Hayes

Janet Gray Hayes (née Frazee; July 12, 1926 – April 21, 2014) was an American politician. She was the Mayor of San Jose, California from 1975 until 1983. She was both the first woman to be elected as the Mayor of San Jose, and the first woman elected mayor of any major city in the United States. She was born in Rushville, Indiana.

Hayes died from a stroke on April 21, 2014 in Saratoga, California. She was 87.


Saratoga, California

Saratoga is a city in Santa Clara County, California, United States. As of 2020, 31,051 people lived in Saratoga.

Miss Elizabeth

Elizabeth Ann Hulette (November 19, 1960 – May 1, 2003) was an American professional wrestling manager. She is best known for her time in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s as well as her time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in mid-1990s. She is better known under her ring name Miss Elizabeth.

She was known for managing "Macho Man" Randy Savage who she was also married to from December 1984 to 1992. Later on, she began dating Lex Luger. They were planning on getting married. On April 19, 2003, she was involved in a domestic dispute with Luger where he allegedly hit her in the garage of their townhouse in Marietta, Georgia. The Cobb County police found her with two bruised eyes, a bump on her head, and a cut lip.

On May 1, 2003, Luger called 9-1-1 because Hulette was not breathing. After Hulette did not respond to mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, the paramedics rushed to their townhouse but they pronounced her dead. It was later announced by a medical examiner that Hulette had died from "acute toxicity" which was brought on by a mix of painkillers and vodka.



Mimivirus

Mimivirus is an extra-large virus. It was discovered in 1992.

APMV was found accidentally inside the amoeba "Acanthamoeba polyphaga". The virus was seen in a gram stain and mistakenly thought to be a gram-positive bacterium.

It is either a viral genus with a single species, Acanthamoeba polyphaga mimivirus (APMV), or it is a group of phylogenetically-related large viruses (MimiN). 

In speech, APMV is usually referred to as "mimivirus". Until October 2011, when an even larger virus "Megavirus chilensis" was described, it was the largest (capsid diameter) of all known viruses. 

Mimivirus has a large and complex genome compared with most other viruses. Mimivirus, short for "mimicking microbe", is so called for its large size and Gram-staining properties.

CocoRosie

CocoRosie is an American folk band. The members are sisters Bianca "Coco" and Sierra "Rosie" Casady. They have released five studio albums. These are "La maison de mon rêve", "Noah's Ark", "The Adventures of Ghosthorse and Stillborn", "Grey Oceans", and "Tales of a GrassWidow". CocoRosie have also composed two film scores.

Sierra Casady was born in Iowa. Bianca was born in Hawaii. The girls lived with their mother when they were children. They moved to new towns almost every year. Sierra left home when she was around 14. She is a classically trained soprano.

Assem Allam

Assem Allam () (1 August 1939-3 December 2022) is an Egyptian businessman based in the East Riding of Yorkshire.

He is the owner of Allam Marine, a company that makes generators. He is also the former owner of the Championship football team, Hull City.

In 2006, he was named the UK Entrepreneur of the Year by Ernst & Young.

Dune 2000

Dune 2000 is a real-time strategy game released by Westwood Studios. It based on Frank Herbert's Dune. It uses a similar game engine to "".

Like in "Dune II", the three main playable housess are House Atreides, House Harkonnen and House Ordos.

Megavirus

Megavirus is a virus with a single identified species, "Megavirus chilensis" (MGVC). It is phylogenetically related to or Mimivirus (APMV). 

MGVC is usually referred to as just “Megavirus”. Until the discovery of pandoraviruses in 2013 it had the largest capsid diameter of all known viruses, and the largest and most complex genome among all known viruses.

Pandoravirus

Pandoravirus is a genus of very large viruses. They have the largest genomes of any viral genus. Like the other large viruses "Mimivirus", "Pithovirus" and "Megavirus", "Pandoravirus" infects amoebas. Its genome, with 1.9 to 2.5 megabases of DNA, is twice as large as that of "Megavirus". It differs greatly from the other large viruses in appearance and in genome structure.

Although the capsid of "Pithovirus" is 50% larger in size, "Pandoravirus" has the largest genome of all viruses (2.5 million base pairs).

About 93% of Pandoravirus genes are not known from any other microbes. This led some scientists to suggest the virus belongs to a "fourth domain", aside from Bacteria, Archaea, and Eukaryotes. Viruses as a whole are not considered to be within these three domains, but they have been proposed as one in the past by some biologists.


Calf roping

Calf roping is a sport where a person chases a calf on horseback. The person ropes the calf, then jumps off their horse and ties the calf's one front foot and two hind feet with a "piggin' rope". Then they must give the calf some slack and the rope must stay tied for 6 seconds.

Calf roping started with cowboys. They had to rope and tie down calves to brand them and doctor them.

Ryan Hunter-Reay

Ryan Hunter-Reay (born December 17, 1980) is an American racecar driver from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He races in the IndyCar Series where he won the 2012 IndyCar championship. He is considered one of the highest ranked racecar drivers. Hunter-Reay won his first race in 2003 and has won a total 11 races, including three straight in 2012. His mother died of cancer and Hunter Reay is the major spokesman for Livestrong, a role he took over from Lance Armstrong after the cyclist's doping controversy. He is married and has a son. He lives in Florida. In 2014, he won the Indianapolis 500.

Pithovirus

Pithovirus is a genus of giant virus which infects amoebae. It is a double-stranded DNA virus, and is a member of the clade of large DNA viruses. It was first described in 2014 after a viable specimen was found in a 30,000-year-old ice core harvested from permafrost in Siberia, Russia.

It is 50% larger in size than the previous largest known viruses, but "Pandoravirus" has the largest viral genome, containing 1.9 to 2.5 megabases of DNA.
"Pithovirus" has a thick, oval wall with an opening at one end. Internally, its structure resembles a honeycomb.

The genome of "Pithovirus" has 467 different genes, more than a typical virus but far less than "Pandoravirus". Its genome is much less densely packed than any other known virus. Two-thirds of its proteins are unlike those of other viruses. Despite the physical similarity with "Pandoravirus", the "Pithovirus" genome sequence shows that it is barely related to that virus. It more closely resembles members of some other virus families. These families all contain large icosahedral viruses with DNA genomes. The "Pithovirus" genome has 36% GC-content, similar to the "Megaviridae", in contrast to greater than 61% for pandoraviruses.

The "Pithovirus"' genome is one circular, double stranded DNA (dsDNA) chromosome of about 610,000 base pairs (bp.) Its DNA translate into 467 different proteins. The genome encodes all the proteins needed to produce mRNA; these proteins are present in the purified virions.

"Pithovirus" does its entire replication cycle in its host's cytoplasm, not the more typical method of taking over the host's nucleus.

"Pithovirus sibericum" was discovered in a 30,000-year-old sample of Siberian permafrost. The virus was discovered buried below the surface of a late Pleistocene sediment. It was found when riverbank samples collected in 2000 were exposed to amoebae. The amoebas started dying and were found to contain giant viruses. The authors said they got the idea to probe permafrost samples for new viruses after reading about an experiment that revived a similar aged seed two years earlier.

Although the virus is harmless to humans, its viability after being frozen for millennia raised concerns that global climate change and tundra drilling operations could lead to potentially dangerous viruses being unearthed. Other scientists deny that this poses a real threat.

Thanksgiving (United States)

Thanksgiving is a holiday celebrated once a year on the fourth Thursday of November.

In 1620 the "Mayflower" brought the Pilgrims to Massachusetts. They made their new home in what is now Plymouth, Massachusetts, 380 km northeast of what is now New York. 

Half of the Pilgrims died during their first winter in North America. They were cold and did not have enough food. The following year, though, the Native Americans, who were from the Wampanoag tribe, helped them grow crops. At harvest time in the autumn of 1621 they were very thankful that they had a good crop of food to eat during the coming winter. They thanked God and the Native Americans for teaching them how to grow the local foods.

They invited three of the Wampanoags who had helped them to their feast. They were Squanto, Samoset, and Chief Massasoit. The Wampanoags brought their families. This was over 90 people. There were so many people that the Pilgrims did not have enough food to make the meal, so the Wampanoags brought along their own food for the feast.

The Wampanoags brought turkey, duck, fish, deer, berries, squash, and cornbread. They also brought vegetables that they had farmed and shown the Pilgrims how to care for.

However, there is some disagreement over which event was the first Thanksgiving with claims that Virginia had the first celebrations.

In the United States, the Thanksgiving holiday is a four-day holiday over a weekend, starting on Thanksgiving Thursday and ending on Sunday. Families and friends usually eat a special meal together (usually with a turkey as the main dish). This meal also usually includes mashed potatoes, cranberry sauce, pumpkin pie, several casseroles, and stuffing. The food eaten today for Thanksgiving is very different from the food that was eaten at the First Thanksgiving in 1621. A traditional food is turkey.

Thanksgiving is not looked upon positively by some who use the day for mourning to take into account the genocide and conquest of Native Americans by colonists although not all indigenous people are entirely negative on Thanksgiving. The holiday is also looked upon negatively by some vegetarians for promoting the eating of turkeys although many vegetarians and vegans eat plant-based alternatives for Thanksgiving.


Old St Paul's Cathedral

Old Saint Paul's Cathedral was the medieval cathedral of the City of London. It was one of the largest churches in northern Europe. It was started in 1087, under William the Conqueror, after a fire destroyed the old cathedral in the same year. It was not complete until 1314. In 1666, it burned down in the Great Fire of London. After that, Christopher Wren built a new cathedral on the same site.

Sam &amp; Cat

Sam & Cat was an American television program. It starred Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett and Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine. The program was first shown on June 8, 2013 on Nickelodeon. Sam & Cat" is a crossover and a spin-off of the programs iCarly (Sam) and Victorious (Cat). The show is about the two girls living together and being babysitters.

The program was announced on November 29, 2012. It began production in January 2013. On 12 March 13 2014, a second season was announced. 

On July 13, 2014, the series was cancelled because of problems with the two stars (McCurdy and Grande).

Sam Puckett has been driving around on her motorcycle. She sees a girl thrown into a garbage truck. Sam saves Cat and they become friends. They move to Cat's house because Nona moved away. They become babysitters to get money. Their friends include Goomer and Dice.




On August 3, 2012 the show was announced. On November 29, 2012 it got picked up to start in 2013. Production began in January 2013. On July 11, 2013 twenty more episodes were added. Filming began on September 14, 2013. The show first was to start on March 23, 2013. It was moved to the fall and then to June 2013. It finally started on June 8, 2013.

The first episode was watched by 4.2 million people. The most watched episode is "#TheKillerTunaJump: #Freddie #Jade #Robbie" with 4.8 million people watching. The least watched episode is "#SecretSafe" 2.0 million people. In December 2013 Common Sense Media rated it two stars and said it makes people laugh "at the expense of any realistic content."


List of Sam &amp; Cat episodes

This is a list of episodes from the American sitcom Sam & Cat, shown on Nickelodeon. It is a crossover / spin-off of the shows "Victorious" and "iCarly". Sam Puckett and Cat Valentine meet in Los Angeles. Sam moves in with Cat and they become best friends as well as babysitters. It started on June 8, 2013.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Raquel Alessi

Raquel Nazzarena Alessi (born in Los Angeles, California on March 7, 1983) is an American actress. In summer 1989, in the "Kidsongs" VHS series, she replaced Divita Wright. She appeared in "Kidsongs: A Day at Camp" in 1989. She appeared with Kenny Ford, Jr. on "Kidsongs: Ride the Roller Coaster" in 1990. She had a cameo appearance in "Kidsongs: Very Silly Songs" in 1990. She left the VHS series in 1990. She was replaced by Ashley Nation in 1992.

Crown Royal

Crown Royal is a Canadian whisky. It is owned by Diageo after it was purchased when the Seagram portfolio was dissolved in 2000. Crown Royal is 40% alcohol by volume, 80 proof. It is the top-selling Canadian whisky in the United States.


Lamorak

Sir Lamorak is a legendary character in the King Arthur stories. He is one of the Knights of the Round Table. His father is King Pellinore. His brothers are Percival, Tor, and Aglovale. His cousin is Sir Pinel le Savage.

Lamorak was known for his strength and fiery temper, and fought off thirty knights on at least two occasions. Thomas Malory refers to him as Arthur's third best knight, only lower than Lancelot and Tristan.

Flag Tower of Hanoi

The Flag Tower of Hanoi () is a tower in Hanoi, Vietnam. It is one of the symbols of the city. It is part of the Hanoi Citadel, a World Heritage Site. The tower is tall, not counting the flag. 

The tower was built in 1812. Unlike many other structures in Hanoi, it was not destroyed during the French administration (1896-1897). It was used as a military post. It is now in the Vietnam Military History Museum.

The building has three tiers (levels). The tower is pyramid-shaped. A spiral staircase inside leads to the top. There are 42 windows. Of the windows, 36 are shaped like flowers and 6 are shaped like fans. The National Flag of Vietnam is on top of the tower.

The words "" (English: "To welcome dawn's sunlight") are on the eastern door. The words "" ("To reflect light") are on the western door. The words "" ("Directed to the sunlight") are on the southern door.


National Dinosaur Museum

The National Dinosaur Museum is a museum in Gold Creek Village, near Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. It has the southern hemisphere's largest permanent display of prehistoric items. The museum's exhibition shows the evolution of life, especially dinosaurs.

The museum is one of the most popular places to visit in the Australian Capital Territory. Each year, 100,000 people visit it.

The museum was established in 1993. Since then it has been steadily improved and updated. The earth science dinosaur-oriented displays are kept up to date with most recent discoveries in geology. Some of the museum's directors are local and international scientists and geologists. Major upgrades have were done in April and May 2012. Those included twelve new animatronic dinosaurs and many life size models both inside and outside the museum.

The museum has guided tours for school groups of all ages by appointment. It hosts birthday parties, "dance with dinosaurs" events for young children, private parties, corporate functions and dinosaur sleepovers during school holiday periods.


2014 Mount Everest avalanche

On 18 April 2014, an avalanche on Mount Everest killed 16 people and injured 9 others. The avalanche was caused by a serac which fell from the slopes of Everest above the icefall.

2014 Oso mudslide

On 22 March 2014, a mudslide near the east side of Oso, Washington killed 41 people and injured 4 people. 2 people have been declared missing. The mudslide struck a rural neighborhood. The mudslide covered about a square mile.

Oso, Washington

Oso is a census-designated place in Snohomish County, Washington.

Darrington, Washington

Darrington is a town in Snohomish County, Washington.

Snohomish County, Washington

Snohomish County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. As of 2020, its population was 827,957. The county seat is Everett.

What would Reagan do?

What would Reagan do? (sometimes abbreviated WWRD) is a phrase that has become popular among conservatives and Republicans in the United States. It is based on ""What would Jesus do?"".

It is used as the belief in what former United States President Ronald Reagan would do in modern day problems. Reagan was a model conservative leader whose philosophy and policies provide guidance and a good example for modern politicians.

Oswaldo Vigas

Oswaldo Vigas (4 August 1926 – 22 April 2014) was a Venezuelan painter and muralist. His work was in the form of Cubism. He was best known for winning the National Prize of Plastic Arts of Venezuela in 1952. He was born in Valencia, Carabobo.

Vigas died on 22 April 2014 in Caracas, aged 87.

Capsid

A capsid is the protein shell of a virus. It is made of several protein subunits. The observable 3-dimensional subunits are called 'capsomeres'. The capsid encloses the nucleic acid of the virus.

Capsids are broadly classified according to their structure. Some viruses, such as bacteriophages, have developed more complicated structures. The icosahedral shape, which has 20 equilateral triangular faces, approximates a sphere, while the helical shape is cylindrical. The capsid faces may consist of one or more proteins. For example, the foot-and-mouth disease virus capsid has faces consisting of three proteins called VP1–3.

Most viruses (e.g. influenza and many animal viruses) have viral envelopes covering their protein capsids. This means the capsid is coated with a lipid membrane.

The envelope is got by the capsid from an intracellular membrane in the virus' host; such as the inner nuclear membrane, the golgi membrane, or the cell's outer membrane.

The envelope may help viruses avoid the host immune system. Glycoproteins on the surface of the envelope bind to receptor sites on the host's membrane. The viral envelope then fuses with the host's membrane This allows the capsid and viral genome to enter and infect the host.

Deon Jackson

Deon Jackson (January 26, 1946 – April 19, 2014) was an American soul singer, songwriter and educator. His best known songs were "Love Makes the World Go Round" (1966), "Love Takes a Long Time Growing" (1966) and "Ooh Baby" (1967). He was born Ann Arbor, Michigan.

Jackson died on April 19, 2014 at the age of 68.


Carillon

A carillon is a musical instrument consisting of bells. Carillons are usually in bell towers, and are made up of at least 23 bells. (If there are less than 23 bells, the instrument is called a chime.) A church in Michigan, called Kirk in the Hills, has 77 bells, the most of any carillon.

The bells in a carillon are usually made to ring using a keyboard. It is similar to the one in a piano or organ, but is made up of wooden batons that are hit with closed fists instead of pressing them with fingers (see the picture on the left). Each baton is linked to a bell with a different pitch and makes it ring out. The bell with the lowest pitch is called the "bourdon", and many carillons have pedal keyboards for the largest bells. The instrument is very heavy, and the world's heaviest carillon, which is in a New York City church, weights 91 tonnes.

Not all carillons use a keyboard. Some of them are automated, meaning they play music without a human. They can be controlled using a clockwork mechanism, similar to the one in Big Ben, so that the music plays at certain times every day. Two examples of this kind of carillon are the Spasskaya Tower of the Moscow Kremlin and the Munttoren in Amsterdam. More recent carillons, such as the one in the Peace Tower in Ottawa, are computer-controlled.


Netherlands Carillon

The Netherlands Carillon is a carillon in the Arlington National Cemetery near Washington D.C., United States. The carillon was a gift to the American people for helping the Dutch people during World War II.


Thameslink

Thameslink is a route in the British railway system. It has 68 stations. It is long. It runs north to south through London from Bedford to Brighton. It goes to London Gatwick Airport and London Luton Airport. It has a suburban loop that goes to Sutton and Wimbledon. On weekdays a suburban line goes through Catford and Bromley South to Sevenoaks. It opened as a through service in 1988. By 1998, it was very overcrowded, carrying more than 28,000 passengers in the morning peak. Almost all the services are currently operated by Thameslink.


Lick Observatory

The Lick Observatory is an astronomical observatory. It is owned and operated by the University of California. It is on Mount Hamilton, in the Diablo Range just east of San Jose, California, USA. The observatory is managed by the University of California Observatories. Its headquarters is on the campus of University of California, Santa Cruz.

The following astronomical objects were discovered at Lick Observatory:

Due to its proximity to San Jose, light pollution and skyglow are an issue for the observatory. This was fine in the past, as San Jose used sodium ion bulbs, whose light were easy to filter out. However, due to safety concerns, LED lights which cannot be filtered out have been installed in San Jose. San Jose dims its lights when the observatory is active.




Seattle Art Museum

The Seattle Art Museum (commonly known as "SAM") is an art museum in Seattle, Washington, USA. It has three major facilities. The first is the main museum in downtown Seattle. The second is the Seattle Asian Art Museum (SAAM) in Volunteer Park on Capitol Hill. The third is the Olympic Sculpture Park on the central Seattle waterfront.

Alfonso Márquez de la Plata

Alfonso Márquez de la Plata Yrarrázaval (19 July 1933 – 22 April 2014) was a Chilean politician, businessman and writer. He was Minister of Agriculture from 1977 until 1980. He was later the Ministry General Secretariat of Government from 1983 to 1984. He was born in Santiago.

Márquez died from pneumonia on 22 April 2014 in Santiago. He was 80.

Arlene McQuade

Arlene McQuade (May 29, 1936 – April 21, 2014) was an American actress. She started acting in 1950. She was best known for playing Rosalie in "The Goldbergs". She was born in New York City, New York.

McQuade died from Parkinson's disease on April 21, 2014 in Santa Fe, New Mexico. He was 77.

Spring wheat

Spring wheat is a type of wheat. It grows in the spring. It is harvested in late summer or early autumn. In colder regions (higher latitudes), seeds can only be sown after winter is over. It contributes to 5% to 8% of the U.S wheat production.
Spring wheat is normally planted in the spring and come to flower and produce grain before the end of the growing season.

Bobbie Rosenfeld

Fanny “Bobbie” Rosenfeld (December 28, 1904 — November 14, 1969) was a Canadian athlete in the 1920s. She competed in basketball, hockey, softball, speed skating, tennis, and track and field. During her career, she won two Olympic medals in track and field. She was also the Canadian record holder for the standing broad jump, running broad jump, and discus. 

In 1949, Rosenfeld was one of the first people to be given a place in the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame. In 1950, she was named Canada’s woman athlete of the first half-century (meaning 1900-1950) by the Canadian Press.Fanny is considered to be one of the most influential Canadian athletes of all time.

Fanny Rosenfeld was born on December 28, 1903 in Dnipropetrovsk, Russia. After Fanny’s birth, the Rosenfeld family moved to Barrie, Ontario. Rosenfeld’s athletic ability was first noticed during a 100-metre dash that she ran for fun in a small track and field meet in 1923. She came first in the race, beating Rosa Grosse, the Canadian champion.

Rosenfeld competed in the Olympics in Amsterdam in 1928. This was the first time that women were allowed to participate in track and field events at the Olympics. She was a member of the Matchless Six, the Canadian women’s track and field team. This team placed first in the 400-metre relay, won the gold medal, and became national heroes. Rosenfeld also won the silver medal in the 100-metre dash and placed fifth in the 800-metre race.

Soon after the Amsterdam Olympics, Rosenfeld found out she had arthritis. This arthritis forced her to retire as an athlete in 1933, but she continued to be involved in sports as a coach and as a writer. In 1934, she coached the women’s track and field team for Canada. They competed at the British Commonwealth Games in London, England. 

Starting in 1937, she wrote “Sports Reel”, a newspaper column in the "Globe and Mail," a Canadian newspaper"." Through her writing, she continued to remind women that they were “people” and they could do anything they wanted, including sports. 
Rosenfeld died on November 13, 1969. She was 65 years old. Her contributions are remembered in a number of ways. 

The Bobbie Rosenfeld Trophy has given to a female athlete every year since 1978. In Israel, she was introduced into the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1981. A park in downtown Toronto was named after her in 1991. In 1996, Canada Post honored her with a stamp. The Jewish Women’s Archive in the United States named Rosenfeld a Woman of Valour for 2000.

Clidastes

Clidastes is an extinct genus of mosasaur from marine environments of the late Cretaceous. It was an agile and fast swimmer which cruised the surface or shallow waters hunting for prey.

"Clidastes" was one of the smallest of the mosasaurs, averaging in length, with the largest specimens reaching long. 
It had a delicate, slim form with an expansion near the tip of the tail. This enabled it to chase down the fastest of prey.

Nuclear membrane

The nuclear membrane (or "nuclear envelope") is the membrane inside a cell around the nucleus. It has the genetic material (chromosomes and DNA) and the nucleolus inside it. The membrane forms a double layer. It is connected to another group of membranes in the cell, the endoplasmic reticulum.

The membranes or envelope is a double lipid bilayerd membrane which surrounds the chromosomes and nucleolus in eukaryotic cells. 

The nuclear membrane has thousands of nuclear pores. They are large hollow proteins about 100 nm across, with an inner channel about 40 nm wide. They link the inner and outer nuclear membranes.

During cell division, the nuclear membrane breaks down to allow mitosis to take place.

Target Corporation

Target Corporation is a company with a chain of discount department stores in the United States. George Dayton started the company in 1902. It is based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 

Target has 1,956 stores in the United States. They used to have stores in Canada but left the country in 2015. Target's main competitors are Amazon, Walmart, and formerly Kmart.

Target stores are more upscale and have higher quality products than other discount stores. Targets are also located in more cities and urban centers while Walmart stores are mainly in rural areas and suburbs.



Sir Bors the Younger

Sir Bors the Younger is a legendary character in the King Arthur stories. He is one of the Knights of the Round Table. His father, Bors the Elder, was the King of Gaunnes. Bors the Younger and his brother, Lionel, rebelled against Claudas' court. Before they were captured by Claudas, the boys were rescued by one of the Lady of the Lake's servants. They, alongside Jaxon, grew up to become skilled knights. They then joined King Arthur's Round Table. Along with Galahad and Percival, Bors was one of the three to witness the wonders of the Holy Grail.
Bors is more known for his loyalty and faithfulness than his swordsmanship. Bors was always loyal to King Arthur, even if it meant risking his own life. Bors could be considered almost fearless, due to him never being afraid to fight beside other knights! Bors was known for his great power and agility, due to the fact that he had once slain 3 vicious dragons with a slash of his sword.

Mark Shand

Mark Roland Shand (28 June 1951 – 23 April 2014) was a British travel writer and conservationist. Shand is known for having been Camilla, Queen Consort's brother. He was chairman of Elephant Family. It is a wildlife foundation. He was born in London, England. His other sister is Annabel Elliot (born 1949).

On 23 April 2014, it was reported that Shand had been taken to Bellevue Hospital in New York City and died after suffering a head injury when he fell over.

Ceylon, Minnesota

Ceylon is a city in Martin County, Minnesota.

Michael Glawogger

Michael Glawogger (3 December 1959 – 23 April 2014) was an Austrian movie director, screenwriter, cinematographer and actor. His best known movies were "Megacities" (1998), "Workingman's Death" (2005) and "Whores' Glory" (2011). He was born in Graz.

Glawogger died from malaria on 23 April 2014 during a movie production in Liberia. He was 54.

Turnover

Turnover might mean:

Arrondissements of the Aveyron department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Aveyron department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Aveyron are:


Since its creation, the Aveyron department has had few changes:

Arrondissement of Millau

The arrondissement of Millau is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Aveyron "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Millau.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Millau was one of them in the Aveyron department.

It is the southeastern part of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second in area of the department, and a population of 70,995 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north and west by the "arrondissement" of Rodez, to the northeast by the Lozère department, to the east by the Gard department, to the south by the Hérault department and to the southwest by the Tarn department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Millau, there is only one canton where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Raspes et Lévezou. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Millau has 97 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Rodez

The arrondissement of Rodez is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Aveyron "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital, and préfecture of the department, is the city of Rodez.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Rodez was one of them in the Aveyron department.

It is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the department with an area of , the largest in area, and the most populated of the department with 143,841 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Cantal (Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) department, to the east by the Lozère (Occitanie) department, to the southwest and to the south by the "arrondissement" of Millau, and to the west by the Tarn (Occitanie) department and by the "arrondissement" of Villefranche-de-Rouergue.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Rodez, there are only four cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Aveyron et Tarn, Enne et Alzou, Lot et Dourdou and Raspes et Lévezou. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Rodez has 127 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Villefranche-de-Rouergue

The arrondissement of Villefranche-de-Rouergue is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Aveyron "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital, and subprfecture of the department, is the city of Villefranche-de-Rouergue.

When the "arrondissements" were created on 17 February 1800, Villefranche-de-Rouergue was one of them in the Aveyron department.

It is the most western of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the smallest in area of the department. It is also the "arrondissement" with fewest people living there, with 63,808 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Cantal (Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Rodez, to the south by the Tarn (Occitanie) department and to the west by the Tarn-et-Garonne (Occitanie) and the Lot (Occitanie) departments.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Villefranche-de-Rouergue, there are three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Aveyron et Tarn, Enne et Alzou and Lot et Dourdou. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Villefranche-de-Rouergue has 62 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Maurice Richard

Maurice "Rocket" Richard (1921-2000) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played for the Montreal Canadiens. He played for 18 years (1942-1960) in the National Hockey League (NHL), totaling 544 goals and 421 assistants (965 points), in 978 regular season games played. His goals scored were the most in NHL history until Gordie Howe scored his 545th in the early 1960s. Richard is considered one of the fiercest competitors and prolific goal scorers who ever played in the NHL. The "Rocket", as he became known, was followed by his brother, Henri Richard ("Pocket Rocket"). They are both ranked in the top 100 NHL hockey players of all time, "Rocket" ranked # 5, with the "Pocket Rocket #30.

Richard's first goal was against the New York Rangers on November 8, 1942. The 1944–45 NHL season was a record-setting one for Richard. He first set a new mark for points in one game when he made five goals and three assists in a 9–1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings on December 28, 1944; his eight points broke the previous record of seven held by three players； Richard broke the record on February 25, 1945, in a 5–2 victory over Toronto. Malone was on hand to present Richard with the puck used to score the 45th goal.Richard missed over 20 games of the 1951–52 season due to injury, but overcame another ailment in the playoffs.The 1952–53 season began with Richard in close pursuit of Nels Stewart's all-time NHL record of 324 goals.Richard fulfilled his promise to Canadiens' fans as he led Montreal to a Stanley Cup championship in 1955–56. The season began with the arrival of his young brother Henri to the Canadiens roster. The playoff goal was Richard's last, as on September 15, 1960, he announced his retirement as a player. Richard had reported to Montreal's training camp that fall, but Selke compelled Richard to end his playing career, fearing he was risking serious injury. In Richard's retirement speech, he said he had been contemplating leaving the game for two years, and stated that at age 39, the game had become too fast for him.

Richard also called "the Comet" when his early playing career but then he was remark "The Rocket" because of his teammate Ray Getliffe, his style like rocket; his speed, strength and determination were all strong. His teammate Toe Blake said the moniker was fitting because "when he would take off, nothing got in his way that could stop him". Goaltender Jacques Plante said it often showed in Richard's eyes and comparing it to "the rocket's red glare" referenced in "The Star-Spangled Banner". When he flying his eyes were all lit up."

As Richard struggled both with the need to find a purpose to his post-retirement life and the fear of being forgotten, he attached his name to numerous endeavours. He acted as a consulting editor for a magazine titled "Maurice Richard's Hockey Illustrated", owned the "544 / 9 Tavern" in Montreal, and was a pitchman for dozens of products, 
including beer, hair dye, car batteries, fishing tackle and children's toys. He continued to use his name as a promotional vehicle for over 30 years after his retirement. Richard briefly returned to hockey in 1972 as head coach for the Quebec Nordiques of the World Hockey Association. He lasted only two games, a win and a loss, before finding himself 
unable to handle the strain of coaching.

Richard and his wife, Lucille, lived in Montreal where they raised seven children: Huguette, Maurice Jr., Norman, André, Suzanne, Polo and Jean. They had 14 grandchildren. Lucille died of cancer in 1994, two years after the Richards celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary. Richard's companion late in his life was Sonia Raymond. It was announced in 1998 that Richard was suffering from abdominal cancer. As his health deteriorated, Richard was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease, and doctors suspected he had Alzheimer's disease. He died on May 27, 2000 of respiratory failure as a result of his cancer.

Millau

Millau is a commune in southern France, in the Aveyron department, region of Occitanie. It is the "sous-prefecture" (capital) of the "arrondissement" of the same name in the Aveyron department. It is also the capital of two "cantons": Millau-1 and Millau-2.

The territory of the municipality is part of the Regional Natural Park of Grands Causses.

During the first century, there was an important settlement where the Tarn and Dourbie rivers meet; this settlement, a couple of kilometres from the current city, was known because here there was an important centre of production of fine ceramics that were exported to many places of the Roman Empire.

The town is in the valley of the Tarn river and is at the confluence of the Tarn and Dourbie rivers. The territory of the "commune" is in the Grand Causses over part of the Causse Rouge (to the east of the Lévézou plateau), the Causse du Larzac, and the Causse Noir.

The "commune" is at from Paris, from Rodez, from Marseille, from Bordeaux and from Toulouse.

Millau has an area of , and its average altitude in the city is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Millau is surrounded by the "communes" Aguessac, Compeyre, Paulhe, Comprégnac, Creissels, Saint-Georges-de-Luzençon, Lapanouse-de-Cernon, La Cavalerie, Nant, La Cresse, La Roque-Sainte-Marguerite, Castelnau-Pégayrols, Saint-Beauzély y Verrières.

The climate of the Millau is subtropical with dry-summer, Csb (Mediterranean Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Millau is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Millau is . The month with the most precipitation on average is September with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The inhabitants of Millau are known, in French, as "millavois" (women: "millavoises").

With a population of 22,064, Millau has a population density of inhabitants/km.

Evolution of the population in Millau

Millau forms with Creissels the urban area of Millau with a population of 23,778 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Millau, formed by 13 "communes" with a population of 28,793 inhabitants and an area of .

Millau is a subprefecture of the Aveyron department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Millau and the administrative centre () of two cantons

It is part of the intercommunality "Millau Grands Causses" ().

Millau is twinned with:
The Millau Viaduct is a cable-stayed bridge that spans the valley of the Tarn river near Millau.


Aveyron (river)

The Aveyron () is a river in southern France. It is a tributary of the Tarn river. The Aveyron department is named after this river.

The Aveyron river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) has been observed from 1914 to 2017 in Piquecos, a "commune" of the Tarn-et-Garonne department close to the city of Montauban near the confluence with the Tarn river. Its average yearly discharge at Piquecos is .

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Piquecos
The source of the Aveyron is in southern Massif Central, near the "commune" of Sévérac-le-Château, in the Aveyron department, at an altitude of .

The Aveyron passes through the departments and towns of:

The Aveyron river flows through 62 "communes". Three "communes" have the name of the river: Agen-d'Aveyron, Gaillac-d'Aveyron, Clairvaux-d'Aveyron.

Finally, it flows into the Tarn river to the nortwest of Montauban, between Lafrançaise and Villemade, in the Tarn-et-Garonne department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries of the Aveyron are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Rumford, Maine

Rumford is a town in Oxford County, Maine.

American Horror Story

American Horror Story is an original FX American horror anthology series created by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk.

Every season is a new story about something different.


Robert Novak

Robert David Sanders "Bob" Novak (February 26, 1931 – August 18, 2009) was an American television journalist, writer and lawyer. He was a reporter for the "Wall Street Journal" and the Associated Press before joining the "Chicago Sun-Times" as an opinion political columnist along with Rowland Evans. 

He, along with Evans began as a liberal supporter of John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, and Nelson Rockefeller but soon moved to the right. By 1964 he was supporting Barry Goldwater for president. He was born in Joliet, Illinois.

Novak was a host and political analyst for the Cable News Network beginning in 1980. In 1982 he and Rowland Evans began hosting "Evans & Novak" on that network. (That program was later called "Evans, Novak, Hunt, & Shields" after CNN contributors Mark Shields and Al Hunt joined the panel, and after Rowland Evans died, "Novak, Hunt, & Shields".) He co-hosted Cable News Network's "Crossfire". He was founder, executive producer, and co-host of "Capital Gang "on that network. He was fired by Cable News Network in 2005, partially as a result of an incident where he stormed off set after cursing at fellow CNN political analyst James Carville. He joined Fox News Network that year. 

Novak died from brain cancer in Washington, D.C., aged 78.

Trust, but verify

Trust, but verify is a Russian proverb. It was used often in the text of nuclear disarmament during the Cold War era by Ronald Reagan and meant the United States can trust the Soviet Union, but they need to make sure they won't betray the United States.


Williamsville, Missouri

Williamsville is a city in Wayne County, Missouri.

Watford, Ontario

Watford is a small town between Sarnia, Ontario, and London, Ontario. It has 2 elementary schools, a library, and 5 different types of churches including Catholic, United, Trinity Anglican, and two others.

Forgot About Dre

"Forgot About Dre" is the second single off American rapper Dr. Dre's second studio album "2001". The song was released in January 29, 2000 and features vocals from Eminem. The song won a Grammy Award for "Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group" in 2001.

It was called a stand-out track by Stephen Thomas Erlewine. NME said of the song: "In case folks been smoking too much heavy 'chronic' lately, West Coast rap founder and scary legend Andre Young, aka Dr Dre, jogs their memories on 'Forgot About Dre'. "Who you think brought you the Eazy Es, Ice Cubes and DOCs, the Snoop- D-O-G-Gs and the group that said motherf-- the police?" yammers the one-time NWA lynchpin, ex Death Row playa, inventor of - G-Funk and occasional breaker of rival producers' jaws. Yo, indeed, big bad Dre's back and, despite a four-year gap since his last hardcore missive, the Doc's recent collaboration with Eminem on 'The Slim Shady LP' has kept his legend simmering." The song also won an MTV Video Music Award for "Best Rap Video" in 2000.

Brenda's Got a Baby

"Brenda's Got a Baby" is the debut solo single by American rapper 2Pac. It was featured on his debut studio album "2Pacalypse Now". The song also features vocals from Dave Hollister.

The song is about twelve-year-old girl named Brenda who lives in a ghetto, has a baby by her cousin, and is not able to support it. She runs away from home, becomes a prostitute and is murdered. The song explores the issue of underage pregnancy and the effect on both the young mothers and their families. Like many of Shakur's songs, it draws from the trouble of the poor. By using Brenda to represent young single mothers in general, Shakur criticises the lack of support from the father of the baby, the government, and society in general. He wrote the song after he read an article in the newspaper about a twelve-year-old girl who got pregnant by her cousin and threw the baby in a trash compactor.

If My Homie Calls

"If My Homie Calls" is the second single by American rapper 2Pac. It was featured on his debut studio album "2Pacalypse Now". Shakur performed the song on MTV show "Yo! MTV Raps" in 1992.

Trapped (Tupac Shakur song)

"Trapped" is a single by American rapper 2Pac. The song was featured on his debut studio album "2Pacalypse Now". The song also features vocals from Shock G.

The song is about police brutality. Near the time that the music video was debuting, Shakur was assaulted by the Oakland Police Department when he swore at them for degrading his name and extending the issuing of a ticket sustained during a jaywalking incident.

Louis Sullivan

Louis Henry Sullivan (September 3, 1856 - April 14, 1924) was an American architect. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. Many people call him the creator of the modern skyscraper. Along with Henry Hobson Richardson and Frank Lloyd Wright, he is one of "the recognized of American architecture. He was a critic at the Chicago School. Sullivan was also a mentor to Frank Lloyd Wright. He died in Chicago. He is buried in Graceland Cemetery in Uptown, Chicago.

Holler If Ya Hear Me

"Holler If Ya Hear Me" is the first single off American rapper 2Pac's second studio album "Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z.". The song samples the songs "Do It Any Way You Wanna" by People's Choice and "Rebel Without a Pause" by Public Enemy.

The song is about frustrations with black poverty, police injustice, and Shakur's perceived harassment from political figure Dan Quayle.

The editor of "Vibe" was quoted in TIME as stating that the song struck a chord with a large section of disaffected youth.

Gabe Abrahams

Gabe Abrahams is a walker and world-record holder of Multiday events (Walking, Speed Walking, Beach Walking). He was born in the district of Les Corts, Barcelona, Spain (1966). He is a descendant by maternal line of the noble houses Solar de Valdeosera (La Rioja) and House of Elgeta (Basque Country), who were Lords of Gipuzkoa. His ancestors were also from other regions of Spain, Jews and Scandinavians. 

Gabe Abrahams walked 500 km from Toulouse (France) to Lleida (Spain), crossing Pau, France, when he was 20 years old. In 2000’s, he made his debut in sports like Beach Run and Nordic Walking. He broke several World Records.

In January 2014, Gabe Abrahams retired from these sports and he focussed on great walks of Multiday (Walking, Speed Walking, Beach Walking).

In August 20-29, 2015, Gabe Abrahams walked 500 km on the sand of Sant Adrià de Besòs, Badalona and Barcelona beaches in 206 hours and 30 minutes (8 days, 14 hours and 30 minutes). He broke Beach Walking World Records of 300 miles (482,803 km) and 500 km.

In June 03-24, 2016, Gabe Abrahams walked 500 miles (804,672 km) on the sand of Castelldefels, Sant Adrià de Besòs, Badalona and Barcelona beaches in 21 days. He broke Beach Walking World Record of 500 miles. In 2015 and 2016, he also broke the greatest distance of Beach Walking.

Since 03-06 to 04-11, 2017, Gabe Abrahams walked with Power Walking technique 1.000 miles (1.609,344 km) between Barcelona, La Sentiu, Gavà (Garraf) and Castellbisbal (Barcelona Metropolitan Area) in 36 days and 5 hours. He broke the Speed Walking World Record of 1.000 miles and the greatest distance of Speed Walking.

Since 04-20 to 05-22, 2018, Gabe Abrahams walked with Power Walking technique 1.000 miles between Monzón and Zaragoza, on a circuit that crossed Aragon, in 32 days and 21 hours. Again, he broke the Speed Walking World Record of 1.000 miles.

Since 01-28 to 02-06, 2020, Gabe Abrahams walked around Navarra and Cinco Villas (505 km) in 8 days, 22 hours and 10 minutes. He broke the Around Navarra and Cinco Villas World Record.

In June 09-19, 2021, Gabe Abrahams walked with Power Walking technique 535,8 km between El Masnou and Vilanova i la Geltrú (Catalonia Coast) in 10 days. He broke the Speed Walking World Record of 10 days.

Since 03-23 to 05-04, 2023, Gabe Abrahams walked with Power Walking technique 1.925 km between El Masnou and Vilanova i la Geltrú in 42 days. He broke 6 weeks Speed Walking World Record and the greatest distance of Speed Walking.


Mundo Earwood

Raymond "Mundo" Earwood (October 13, 1952 – April 21, 2014) was an American country music singer-songwriter. His first album was released by Excelsior Records in 1981. His best known single, "Things I'd Do for You", reached the Top 20 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in 1978. He was born in Del Rio, Texas.

Earwood died from abdominal and pancreatic cancer on April 21, 2014 in Humble, Texas. He was 61.


Humble, Texas

Humble is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States. As of 2020, 16,795 people live in Humble.

Tadeusz Różewicz

Tadeusz Różewicz (9 October 1921 – 24 April 2014) was a Polish poet, dramatist and writer. He wrote poetry from 1947 until 2008. For his work he was awarded the European Prize for Literature in 2007 and a Griffin Poetry Prize in 2012. 

Różewicz was born in Radomsko near Łódź. His brothers, Janusz and Stanisław, were also writers. Janusz was executed in 1944 during World War II.

Różewicz died on 24 April 2014 in Wrocław, aged 92.

Plating

Plating is a surface covering in which a metal is put on another metal surface. Plating has been done for hundreds of years, and it is important for modern technology. 

Plating is used to decorate objects, prevent corrosion, to harden, to improve wearability, to reduce friction, to allow painting, to alter conductivity, and for other purposes. Jewelry typically uses plating to give a silver or gold finish. Objects can be plated with films as thin as a single atom, so plating finds uses in nanotechnology.

There are several plating methods, and many variations. In one method, a solid surface is covered with a metal sheet, and then heat and pressure are applied to fuse them (a version of this is Sheffield plate). Electroplating is a very common method. 

Cassadee Pope

Cassadee Pope (born August 28, 1989) is an American country musician. She was the lead singer of the group Hey Monday. She started performing by herself in the early 2010s.

Her song "Wasting all These Tears" was released in 2013. It received favorable reviews.

Pope was born in West Palm Beach, Florida.

Hans Hollein

Hans Hollein (30 March 1934 – 24 April 2014) was an Austrian architect, designer, sculptor and architectural theorist. His best known works were: Museum für Moderne Kunst and Haas House. He was also the winner of the Pritzker Architecture Prize in 1985. He was born in Vienna.

Hollein died from pneumonia on 24 April 2014 in Vienna. He was 80.

Malappuram

Malappuram is a city in the southern Indian state of Kerala. It is 50 km southeast of Kozhikode, 90 km northwest of Palakkad and 140 km northwest of Coimbatore.

Malappuram is the headquarters of the district. In earlier times, it was the headquarters of European and British troops and later it became the headquarters of the Malabar Special Police (M.S.P).

The municipality has started kottakkunnu amusement park, a water theme park in the valley of kottakkunnu. It is well known for its greenery, making it a tourist spot.

Kaworu Nagisa

Kaworu Nagisa is a fictional character in Neon Genesis Evangelion. He is sent to Nerv by Seele, in order to replace Asuka Langley Soryu, whose synchronization ratio has fallen too low for her to pilot the unit. Kaworu is both the Fifth Child and the 17th Angel. He and Shinji Ikari enjoy a brief friendship and love. When Kaworu betrays the organization, Shinji kills him. His last words are "Thank you. I'm glad I met you (to Shinji)", and in the aftermath, Shinji states that he loved him too, and that Kaworu should have been the one to live. In "The End of Evangelion" he appears first to weaken Unit 01's AT field, so that Instrumentality can commence. He and Rei help Shinji choose the decision to reject Instrumentality in favor of individual thought and suffering pain.

Kaworu is portrayed differently in the manga. While the original series depicted him as selfless, eloquent and loving, he is awkward and invasive. Kaworu still displays attraction towards Shinji, even kissing Shinji in an attempt to stop Shinji's hyperventilation, and wondering what it would be like if Shinji "came to love [him]". When Kaworu's nature as an Angel is revealed, he again forces Shinji to kill him, saying that this way, he will remember him.

In "1.0: You are (not) alone", he wakes up in a coffin on the moon. He then stands up and looks to the earth, commenting that "the Third hasn't changed", and that he is looking forward to meeting him (Shinji Ikari). In "2.0: You can (not) advance", Gendo Ikari and Kozo Fuyutsuki visit Seele's moon base to observe the construction of Unit 06, and see Kaworu sitting atop Unit 06's finger, wearing only pants. Kaworu seems to address Gendo as "Father". Kaworu is also briefly seen putting on a plugsuit, still on the moon, while Mari Illustrious Makinami gets ready to battle Zeruel in the Geofront. His last appearance in 2.0 is at the very end of the movie, after the credits. What is presumably a Lance of Longinus is hurled down towards earth and ends up impaling Unit 01, halting Third Impact. Kaworu is then seen descending towards earth in Unit 06, with an uncharacteristically angry look on his face. He promises that this time, he will make Shinji happy. In "3.0: You can (not) redo", Kaworu plays a much larger role. As Asuka and Shinji in Unit 01 fall down to earth, Kaworu says that he has been waiting for Shinji. He is next seen playing piano in Nerv HQ, after Shinji is brought there by Unit 00. Shinji's father later informs Shinji that he is to copilot a new Evangelion unit, Unit 13, alongside Kaworu. Kaworu then calls out to Shinji, and requests that he play piano. He is hesitant at first, but with Kaworu's guidance the two are able to play a duet together quite beautifully, despite Shinji's claim that he could not play. Kaworu introduces himself, and tells him that they are both children bound by fate. Kaworu and Shinji continue to play piano together (which indirectly helps them synchronize to activate Unit 13 together later on), and come to see each other as friends, Kaworu commenting that he "really was born to meet" him - an almost exact quote from his role in the original series. When Shinji expresses his fear at what happened in the 14 years he was gone, Kaworu shows him the destruction of near-Third Impact, emphasizing that it was all brought about by Shinji, but also assuring him that "there is always hope" and later telling Shinji that together, they can fix everything with the two spears in Central Dogma. Prior to piloting Unit 13, Kaworu removes the DSS choker from Shinji's neck and places it on his own so that Shinji will not have to fear death while they activate Unit 13. After descending to Central Dogma in order to retrieve the spears, however, Kaworu realizes that something is off. He urges Shinji not to take the spears, but Shinji shuts off his controls and removes the spears. Shortly after this, Fourth Impact starts and Unit 13 awakens. The DSS choker begins to activate, and Shinji is driven to despair with the knowledge that he caused Fourth Impact and that Kaworu, perhaps his only friend at this point, is about to die. In spite of everything, Kaworu claims that it was he who was the trigger for Fourth Impact, because he became the 13th Angel. Before dying, Kaworu apologizes to Shinji for not being able to bring him happiness and promises that they will meet again. The collar then detonates, leaving Shinji near-comatose, similar to his state for the End of Evangelion.

Thanos
Magneto (Marvel Comics)
Connie Marrero

Conrado Eugenio Marrero Ramos (April 25, 1911 – April 23, 2014), nicknamed "Connie," was a former Cuban professional baseball pitcher. Marrero played for the Washington Senators from 1950 to 1954. At age 102, Marrero was the oldest living former Major League Baseball player at the time of his death. He was born in Sagua la Grande, Cuba.

Marrero died in Havana, Cuba from natural causes, aged 102.

Shobha Nagi Reddy

Shobha Nagi Reddy (16 November 1968 – 24 April 2014) was an Indian politician from Andhra Pradesh, India. She represented Allagadda in the Legislative Assembly of Andhra Pradesh for four terms until 2012 when she resigned due to political scandals in her party. Reddy was born in Allagadda, Andhra Pradesh, India.

Reddy died in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India in a car crash. She was 45 years old.

Godzilla (1954 movie)

The opening scene of the "Eiko Maru" being obliterated by Godzilla's first attack and later scenes of survivors of other attacks being found with radiation burns, were inspired by the 1954 U.S. testing of a hydrogen bomb on Bikini Atoll.

It gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 94% Fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


Shaun Ross (model)

Shaun Ross is an American model. He is known for being the first male albino model. He has modeled for Alexander McQueen and Givenchy. Ross was on the "Tyra Banks Show" in 2009. Ross is in the 2013 Beyoncé video "Pretty Hurts".

Ross is gay.

Barbourofelis

Barbourofelis is an extinct genus of large, carnivorous, mammals. They were a type of saber-toothed cat.

The genus was found in North America during the Miocene to Pleistocene. They lived from 13.6 5.3 million years ago (mya), which is about 8.3 million years. 

Its flattened saber teeth were protected by a bony flange from the lower jaw. It was a saber-toothed cat, but it was not a close relative of cats such as "Smilodon".

"Barbourofelis" has been difficult to classify. It was put in the Nimravidae by Schultz (1970) and Martin (1998).

Hipparion

Hipparion (Greek, "pony") is an extinct genus of horse that lived in North America, Asia, Europe, and Africa. This was during the Miocene to Pleistocene epochs ~23 million years to 780,000 years ago. They lived for a total of 22 million years. 

"Hipparion"'s feet had three vestigial outer toes (in addition to its hoof).

Owen Jones (writer)

Owen Jones (born 8 August 1984) is an English writer. Jones was born in Sheffield. He grew up in Manchester. He writes a column for "The Guardian". His first book was published by Verso in 2011. It was chosen by the "New York Times" as one of their Top 10 Non-fiction Books of 2011. His second book "The Establishment and How They Get Away With It" was published in 2014. Jones lives in London.

Night (book)

Night is a memoir by Nobel Peace Prize-winning author Elie Wiesel. It was published in 1982 in Yiddish, French, and English. The story is about Wiesel's survival and struggle during the Holocaust. The soup consumed by Wiesel was described as "[tasting] of death" in a memorable quote.

The Gates of the Forest

The Gates of the Forest is a book written by Nobel Peace Prize-winning author Elie Wiesel. It was published in Yiddish, French, and in English in 1966. It is about Judaism.

Charles Koch

Charles de Ganahl Koch (, ; born November 1, 1935) is an American businessman. Koch was born in Wichita, Kansas. His net worth is $41 billion per Forbes.com. He is number five on Bloomberg's Billionaires list. In 1980 he started the Charles Koch Foundation along with his brother David.

Simon Wiesenthal

Simon Wiesenthal, KBE (31 December 190820 September 2005) was an Austrian Holocaust survivor. He became famous after World War II for his work as a Nazi hunter. Wiesenthal was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 1985.

Wiesenthal died in Vienna, Austria from natural causes, aged 96.


Florida, Missouri

Florida is a village in Monroe County, Missouri. It is the birthplace of writer Mark Twain.

Ma Barker

Arizona Donnie Barker (also Kate Barker or Ma Barker; October 8, 1873 – January 16, 1935) was an American gangster. She was born in Ash Grove, Missouri. She ran the Barker gang.

On January 16, 1935, Barker and her son, Fred, were killed by federal agents in Ocklawaha, Florida.

The song "Ma Baker" refers to the life and crime of Ma Barker.

Alexander Imich

Alexander Imich (February 4, 1903 – June 8, 2014) PhD, was a Polish-born American chemist, parapsychologist, and supercentenarian. He was the president of the Anomalous Phenomena Research Center in New York City. He was born in Częstochowa, Poland (then a part of Russian Empire) in 1903. He was of Jewish descent.

At age 111, Imich was the world's oldest living man since the death of Arturo Licata on April 24, 2014. He was one of the few supercentenarians known for reasons other than longevity.

He died on June 8, 2014 peacefully at 9:03 AM from natural causes at the age of 111.

Redding, Connecticut

Redding is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut.

IOS 7

iOS 7 is the seventh major version of Apple's mobile operating system, iOS. It replaced the last major version, iOS 6. The new version was announced at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 10, 2013. It was released on September 18, 2013. iOS 7 has a new, redesigned look and a number of changes. The latest update (or minor version), iOS 7.1.2, was released on June 30, 2014.

iOS 7 Beta 1 was released to developers on June 10, 2013. It supported the iPhone 4 and later, as well as the iPod Touch (5th generation). iOS 7 Beta 2 was released on June 24, 2013, two weeks after the first beta was released. It added support for the iPad 2 as well as the iPad Mini. Two weeks later, iOS 7 Beta 3 was released on July 8, 2013. Until iOS 7 Beta 4, a new beta was being released every two weeks. iOS 7 Beta 4 was released on July 29. 2013, three weeks after the third beta was released. The fifth beta, iOS 7 Beta 5, was released on August 15, 2013, and brought many fixes and improvements.

At their iPhone event on September 10, 2013, Apple announced that iOS 7 would be officially released to everyone on September 18, 2013, for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch.

Apple released iOS 7.1 on March 10, 2014 and it is the first major update to the operating system since it was first released in September 2013. It was released almost 5 months after the first beta of iOS 7.1 was released to developers. It made several improvements to the operating system including performance improvements and Siri enhancements. It also adds support for a new feature called CarPlay, which works by connecting an iPhone to a car that has a touchscreen. It is currently available for the iPhone 5, iPhone 5C, and iPhone 5S.

iOS 7 was announced during the first keynote of the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 10, 2013. It was the "biggest change to iOS since the introduction of the iPhone", because the most noticeable change was a change to the entire operating system. In a video that was shown during the keynote, the update had many changes to the app icons, adding layers, and using translucent effects throughout the operating system. iOS 7's design departs from elements like green felt in Game Center, wood in Newsstand, and leather in Calendar, in favor of a flat, colorful design.

A new feature called AirDrop is introduced in iOS 7. It supports the iPhone 5 and later, the iPod Touch (5th generation), the iPad (4th generation) and later, and the iPad mini (1st generation) and later. With AirDrop, you can share files, photos, videos, and more by turning on Wi-Fi and Bluetooth and choose the person you want to share with. You can make yourself discoverable to your contacts or everyone.

The App Store introduces a new feature called Popular Near Me, which allows the user to find apps that are popular in their area. The App Store also supports automatic updates, meaning that apps will update by themselves and that the user does not have to update the apps.

The Camera app has a new look and supports video recording, camera, and panorama mode (on some iPhone and iPod touch models), as well as a new square photo mode. iOS 7 also includes photo filters, a new Burst mode, and 120 fps video recording (on devices that support it).

A new feature, Control Center, can be seen by swiping up from the bottom of the screen. It provides quick access to features such as Airplane Mode, brightness, music controls, AirPlay, AirDrop, and shortcuts to camera, calculator, clock, and a built-in flashlight. You can also turn Bluetooth on/off, Do Not Disturb on/off, lock the screen's orientation, and play, skip, or pause a song.

iTunes Radio is an ad-supported service that is available to all iTunes users and includes integration with Siri. Users are able to skip songs, create stations, and buy songs from the iTunes Store. They can also search through their history of songs that they have played. The number of songs that they can skip is limited, just like Pandora Radio.

Currently, iTunes Radio is only available in the U.S. and Australia, but it will be rolled out to other countries in the future. It is only available on iTunes, iOS, and Apple TV.

iOS 7 provides full multitasking for all apps. That means that apps will update their content by themselves and instead of showing the app icon, it shows a screenshot of what the app looks like.

CarPlay is a new feature that was released as part of iOS 7.1. It uses Siri to answer phone calls, respond to text messages, give directions, and play music while keeping your eyes on the road. It uses the car's screen to do this. It works by connecting an iPhone to the car. CarPlay currently supports the iPhone 5, iPhone 5C, and iPhone 5S.

Elaine of Corbenic

Elaine of Corbenic is a legendary character in the King Arthur stories. She and Lancelot are the parents of Galahad. She is the daughter of King Pelles. Pelles sent Elaine to have a son with Lancelot, who would then be named Galahad. Galahad later retrieved the Holy Grail to heal Pelles from a sickness. Queen Guinevere was angry with Lancelot for having a son with Elaine, so she said that she never wanted to see him again. Lancelot went mad with despair, so Elaine used the Holy Grail to heal him.

New Brunswick, New Jersey

New Brunswick is a city in Middlesex County, New Jersey. It is the county seat of Middlesex County. It is home to the main campus of Rutgers University. 

Milton, Massachusetts

Milton is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts. 41st President of the United States George H. W. Bush was born here in 1924. It had a population of 28,630 in 2020.

West Branch, Iowa

West Branch is a city in Cedar County and in Johnson County, Iowa. 

SKS

SKS is a Soviet Union made semi-automatic rifle. It was designed in 1943 by Sergei Gavrilovich Simonov. In the 
1950s it was replaced with the AK-47. The SKS remained in second-line service for decades. It is still used as a ceremonial arm today. The SKS is currently popular in the civilian surplus market in many countries. This includes the United States, Canada and New Zealand. It was one of the first weapons designed to use the M-43 7.62×39mm round, which was also used later in the AK-47.

Morgan City, Louisiana

Morgan City is a city in the St. Martin Parish and in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana.

Mansfield, Louisiana

Mansfield is the parish seat of DeSoto Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the most populous municipality in DeSoto Parish.

Langley, Virginia

Langley is a census-designated place in Fairfax County, Virginia.

George Bush Center for Intelligence

The George Bush Center for Intelligence is the headquarters of the Central Intelligence Agency. It is located in the unincorporated community of Langley in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.

Fairfax County, Virginia

Fairfax County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. In the year 2020, 1,150,309 people lived in this county. The county seat is Fairfax.

Ricardo Bauleo

Ricardo Bauleo Vicente (30 August 1946 – 24 April 2014) was an Argentine actor. He worked most on movies and television shows. His best known roles were in "Blood of the Virgins" (1967), "The Curious Dr. Humpp" (1969) and "Los superagentes no se rompen" (1979). He was born in Buenos Aires.

Bauleo died from heart failure after a long illness on 24 April 2014 in Buenos Aires. He was 67.

The Only Way Is Essex

The Only Way Is Essex (often known as TOWIE) is a BAFTA award-winning television soap opera. Based in Essex, England, it is a 'scripted reality' show. It has "real people in modified situations, saying unscripted lines but in a structured way". The show is filmed just a few days in advance. Each series lasts six weeks. Series 1 started on 10 October 2010.

It is narrated by Denise van Outen, who is from Basildon, Essex. Series 1-9 have been shown in Australia. Series one has been shown in South Africa.



Drachensee

The Drachensee is a lake in Austria which is a few meters below of Coburger Hütte. It is at about 1910 meters (6 266 feet) attitude. If you climb up above Coburger Hütte at most of the high peeks it will be seen. It is very similiar to the Seebensee which is lower down the Drachensee and on the other side of Coburger Hütte.

Konstantin Orbelyan

Konstantin Aghaparoni Orbelyan (, ; 29 July 1928 – 24 April 2014) was an Armenian-American pianist, conductor and composer. He was Head of the State Estrada Orchestra of Armenia. He was born in Armavir, Russia (then Soviet Union).

Orbelyan died on 29 April 2014 in Los Angeles, California of the United States. He was 85.


Biochemical cascade

A biochemical cascade (or signalling pathway) is a series of chemical reactions. It is started by a stimulus (first messenger) acting on a receptor. The 'message' is passed on to the cell interior through other reactions. These later chemical reactions amplify (build up) the initial signal. Eventually there is a cell response to the initial stimulus. The passing series of chemical changes is a cascade, and the whole process is called signal transduction.

Complement system

The complement system helps or “complements” the ability of antibodies and phagocytic cells to clear pathogens from an organism. It is part of the innate immune system. 

The complement system consists of a number of small proteins found in the blood, made by the liver. Normally they circulate as inactive precursors ("pro-proteins"). When stimulated by a trigger, proteases split specific proteins to release active cytokines. This starts a series (a cascade) of further cleavages which release more cytokines. This amplifies (makes bigger) the response. So, if the original stimulus was an invading bacterium, the cytokines disrupt the phospholipid bilayer cell membrane of the target, which kills it.

Leó Szilárd

Leó Szilárd February 11, 1898 – May 30, 1964) was a Hungarian-American physicist and inventor. He conceived the nuclear chain reaction in 1933, patented the idea of a nuclear reactor with Enrico Fermi, and in late 1939 wrote the letter for Albert Einstein's signature that resulted in the Manhattan Project that built the atomic bomb.

California Love

"California Love" is a hip hop song by American rapper 2Pac. The song also features vocals from Dr. Dre and Roger Troutman. The song was Shakur's first single as an artist for Death Row Records and was also his comeback single after he was released from prison in 1995. A popular remixed version of the song was featured on the UK version of "All Eyez on Me". "California Love" was nominated for a posthumous Grammy Award as a "Best Rap Solo Performance" and "Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group" (with Dre and Troutman) in 1997.

The song was ranked #355 of the Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time and was ranked #51 on VH1's countdown of the 100 Greatest songs of the 90s.

I Don't Give a Fuck

"I Don't Give a Fuck" is a hip hop song by American rapper 2Pac. The song also features vocals from R&B musician Pogo. The song is about police brutality and racism. The song was featured on the Radio Los Santos radio station in the 2004 video game "". The song was sampled by Eminem in his song "Just Don't Give a Fuck".

During the song, Shakur questions the authority for not dealing with the issues of a youth in Texas that was blamed for his shooting of a state trooper. In the song he curses the C.I.A., the FBI. and B.U.S.H in the spoken-word outre. In the outre, he says:
""Fuck you to the San Francisco police department" 
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff department 
Fuck you to the F.B.I 
Fuck you to the C.I.A. 
Fuck you to the B.u.s.h 
Fuck you to the Amerikkkan 
"Fuck you to all you redneck prejudice mother fuckers""

Public company

A public company is a company whose shares are sold to the general public. The owners of public company are its shareholders. Sometimes a private company "goes public" so it can sell more shares to more shareholders.

The Dutch East India Company is often called the first public company.

Corporate governance

Corporate governance describes how a corporation is directed. Corporate governance is related to but different from management. People responsible for corporate governance are known as board of directors.

Corporate governance also provides the structure through which the objectives of the company are set, and the means of attaining those objectives and monitoring performance are changed.

 

Dick Turpin

Dick Turpin (1705 – 7 April 1739) was an English highwayman. He made a lot of money through many criminal activities, such as poaching, burglary, horse theft and murder. He is most famous for 'highway robbery', on his horse, Black Bess. He was eventually captured and hanged at York Castle in 1739. 

Turpin was born in Hempstead, Essex. He was firstly believed to be involved with a gang of poachers, who stole and sold deer that belonged to the King. The rest of his gang were captured and hanged in 1735.

After this, Turpin started robbing rich people on the highways between cities. He did not stay in one place, so police could not catch up with him. He robbed people across the South of England. For a while, he tried to hide by calling himself John Palmer.

However, people were suspicious that he had a lot of money, and he was arrested for horse theft. He was charged with this offence and hanged in Knavesmire, York on 7 April 1739.

Xscape (album)

Xscape is the second Michael Jackson album released after his death. It was released on May 9, 2014 by Epic.


Tito Vilanova

Francesc "Tito" Vilanova Bayó (17 September 1968 – 25 April 2014) was a Spanish footballer and manager. He played as a central midfielder for, and later managed, FC Barcelona. He retired in 2013 because of his ill health. He was born in Bellcaire d'Empordà, Catalonia.

He won the treble with Barcelona in his first season, the 2008-09 season. This means he won La Liga, the Copa del Rey, and the UEFA Champions League.

Vilanova died on 25 April 2014 due to complications from throat cancer in a hospital in Barcelona, aged 45.

Glacial lake

A glacial lake is a lake that is made as a glacier melts. The glacier erodes the land, and then as it melts, water fills the hole or space that has been created. 
Near the end of the last glacial period, about 10,000 years ago, glaciers began to retreat. A retreating glacier often left behind large amounts of ice in hollows between drumlins or hills. As the ice age ended, these melted to create lakes. This can be seen in the Lake District in Northwestern England. Glacial lakes are often surrounded other evidence of the glacier including drumlins, moraines, eskers, striations and chatter marks.

The glaciers crush minerals in the rock as they pass over them. These minerals become sediment at the bottom of the lake, and some of the rock flour becomes suspended in the water. These minerals support a large population of algae, making the water look green. 

These lakes can be seen in aerial photos of landforms in:

The coastlines near these areas are often very irregular, formed by the same geological process. Other areas have fewer lakes that often are part of river systems. Their coastlines are smoother. These areas were carved more by erosion.


West Plains, Missouri

West Plains is a city in Howell County, Missouri.

Dev Hynes

Devonté "Dev" Hynes (born 23 December 1985), also known as Lightspeed Champion or Blood Orange, is a British singer, songwriter, and music producer. Hynes was born and raised in Ilford, London. He was a member of the dance punk band Test Icicles from 2004 until the band broke up in 2006. The band released one album. 

In March 2008 Hynes published a comic book.

Hynes gave a TED Talk at the Technology, Entertainment, Design conference in Vancouver, Canada about his synesthesia. 


Salt lake

A salt lake, or saline lake, is a lake with a lot of sodium chloride and other dissolved minerals in the water. It is often defined as three grams or more of salt per litre. In some cases, salt lakes have more salt than sea water: they are called hypersaline lakes. An alkaline salt lake with a high content of carbonate is called a soda lake.

Salt lakes can be put into categories based on salinity:

Salt lakes form when the water flowing into the lake, containing salt or minerals, cannot leave. This is because the lake is endorheic (a dead end). The water then evaporates, leaving behind any dissolved salts. This increases its salinity. Salt lakes are an excellent place for salt production. High salinity will also lead to a unique flora and fauna in the lake. Sometimes the large amount of salt means there is little life in or near the lake.

If the amount of water flowing into a lake is less than the amount evaporated, the lake will eventually disappear and leave a dry lake: a 'playa', salt flat or salt pan.


Lake Hindmarsh

Lake Hindmarsh, in western Victoria, Australia, is the state’s largest natural freshwater lake. The nearest towns are Jeparit to the south and Rainbow to the north. It is a large shallow lake which is often dry. The lake filled after floods in 2011, having been dry for nearly ten years.

The area around the lake is the traditional country of the Gromiluk, a group of the Wotjobaluk people. Explorer Edward Eyre camped at Lake Hindmarsh in 1838 while searching for an overland route from Melbourne to Adelaide. By 1845 Europeans were settling near lake. In 1859 the Moravian Ebenezer Mission was established nearby.

Lake Hindmarsh is the first lake of the Wimmera River Terminal Wetlands. Its water comes directly from the Wimmera River. When full, the lake covers , is deep and holds 378 GL of water. It is a wetland of national significance. If Lake Hindmarsh overflows, water flows on to the deeper Lake Albacutya, which is a Ramsarwetland of international importance.
Because it is so shallow, water in Lake Hindmarsh evaporates quite quickly. When it is full, evaporation from the lake is around 140,000 ML per year. As the Wimmera River usually only adds about half that amount, the lake is rarely full. It takes three to four years to evaporate entirely.

The lake was full during the wet years of the early to mid-1970s. It had a commercial fishing industry. The lake was used for water sports, including water-skiing. The lake filled in 1996, but then received no further water from the Wimmera River and had dried up by 2000. It remained dry for almost a decade. 

In October 2009, water from the Wimmera River trickled into Lake Hindmarsh for the first time in 13 years. The 2010 Victorian floods raised water levels higher many birds returned to the lake. After the January 2011 Victorian floods, it was hoped the Wimmera River would fill the lake and overflow into the northern lakes. However, outlet creek remained dry and the lake again awaits its next flooding event. 

Pepe (footballer, born 1983)

Képler Laveran Lima Ferreira (born 26 February 1983), commonly known as Pepe, is a professional footballer who plays for Real Madrid in La Liga and the Portuguese national team, mainly as a centre back.

During his professional career, Pepe has played for C.S. Marítimo, FC Porto, Real Madrid, and Beşiktaş, with most success in Porto and Madrid. With Real Madrid, he has played 334 games, winning three La Liga titles, three UEFA Champions League titles and two Copa del Rey titles. He has also won four Primeira Liga titles and three Taça de Portugal titles with Porto.

Born and raised in Brazil, Pepe chose to play for the Portugal national team, and has earned 134 caps since 2007. He played at four FIFA World Cups and four UEFA European Championships. He was part of the team that won Euro 2016, also reaching the semi-finals of Euro 2012. Pepe was man of the match in the Euro 2016 final.

Ride Along

Ride Along is a 2014 American action comedy movie. This movie is about police on an undercover operation. Ice Cube plays James Payton. Laurence Fishburne plays Omar. This movie was released in January 2014. The reviews were negative. The movie, however, made lots of money.

It's sequel, "Ride Along 2", was released in 2016.

Posse (movie)

Posse is a 1993 western movie. This movie is about soldiers fighting the Spanish-American War. Mario Van Peebles plays Jessie Lee. Stephen Baldwin plays Little J. Pam Grier plays Phoebe. Billy Zane plays Colonel Graham.

"Posse" was released in May 1993.

Lake Tuscaloosa

Lake Tuscaloosa is a reservoir in west-central Alabama. It was created by damming North River. It was built to provide water for people living in Tuscaloosa, Alabama and also for industrial use. It was completed in 1970. It cost about $7,725,000. The lake is very popular for recreational activities.

Lake Tuscaloosa was built because because more people were living in Tuscaloosa. The reservoirs already there, Harris Lake and Lake Nicol, didn't provide enough water. A dam was built on North River. When that dam filled, the water behind it became Lake Tuscaloosa. Lake Tuscaloosa provides more water than either of the other two reservoirs. Lake Tuscaloosa's water is treated to make it safe for people to drink. It also provides untreated water for industrial use.

Iliamna Lake

Iliamna Lake (or Lake Iliamna) is a lake in southwest Alaska. It is at the north end of the Alaska Peninsula. It is about west of Seldovia, Alaska.

Lake Iliamna is the largest lake in Alaska. It is the eighth largest lake in the United States. It covers about . The lake is long and up to wide. Its deepest point is deep. The lake drains through the Kvichak River into Bristol Bay.


Dourbie

The Dourbie is a river in southern France that flows through the Gard and Aveyron deparments. It is a left tributary of the Tarn river.

The Dourbie river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

The source of the Dourbie is in the Cévennes National Park, on the southern side of Mont Aigoual in the "commune" of Arphy, in the Gard department, at an altitude of .

It flows generally to the west and, in its lower parts, flows through the Regional Natural Park of Grands Causses.

The Dourbie passes through the departments and "communes" of:

Finally, it flows, as a left tributary, into the Tarn river in the city of Millau, at about of altitude.




Lake Albacutya

Lake Albacutya is a freshwater lake in western Victoria, Australia. It is listed as a wetland of international importance under the Ramsar Convention. When full Lake Albacutya covers , is deep and holds around 230 GL. 
The lake is part of the Wimmera River Terminal Wetlands. Water enters the lake from Outlet Creek which only flows when Lake Hindmarsh overflows. Water from the Wimmera River flows into Lake Hindmarsh. When full water from Lake Albacutya flows along Outlet Creek, and begins to fill further small lakes and wetlands to the north. This has not happened since 1976.
Because the lake has less salt than Lake Hindmarsh, Lake Albacutya supports a denser cover of vegetation in its dry phase. 

The lake has not received any inflow for some years and remained dry throughout the wetter years of 2011-2012.

Reelz

Reelz is a cable television network that is operated by family-owned Hubbard Broadcasting. It started on September 27, 2006.

Hollywood Hillbillies

Hollywood Hillbillies is an American reality television series, based on "CopperCab". It is about Claire Kittrell (better known as Claire Copper or his YouTube username CopperCab), his grandmother Delores "Mema" Hughes, his aunt Dee Dee Peters, and his uncle John Cox moving from their home in Grayson, Georgia to Hollywood, California. It aired on January 21, 2014.

Bo' Selecta!

Bo' Selecta! is a British sketch comedy television programme. It includes skits parodying celebrities, including Michael Jackson, Craig David, and Mel B. The show had mixed reviews. It began on 6 September 2002 and ended on 18 December 2009.

Peter Scoones

Peter Scoones (27 October 1937 – 20 April 2014) was an Emmy Award-winning British underwater cameraman. Scoones is known for his vivid work on the oceans. His work inspired many people to dive and many divers to take up underwater photography. Scoones dived since the 1950s and continued so until his death in 2014. 

Scoones died on 20 April 2014 at the age of 76. He is survived by wife, son, and daughter.

Hans Hass

Hans Hass (23 January 1919 – 16 June 2013) was an Austrian biologist and diving pioneer. He was known for being among the first scientists to popularize coral reefs, stingrays and sharks. He was married to Lotte Hass.

He made documentaries filmed underwater. He led development of the aqualung and the making of the rebreather. He is known, too, for his energon theory and his commitment to protecting the environment.

Hass died in Vienna, Austria from natural causes. He was 94 years old. He is survived by his wife and daughter Meta.


Lake Colac

Lake Colac is a large freshwater lake in western Victoria, Australia. The town of Colac is built along the south shore of the lake. Lake Colac has an area of 1,820 hectares, an average depth of 2.5 metres and a circumference of 33 km. The area was the home of the Kolijon (or Coladjin) people. The name "Colac" comes from either the word "Kolijon", or their word "kolak" which means the lake's sand or fresh water.
The lake is used for watersport, including sailing, rowing and water skiing. The foreshore has a playground and a boat ramp. The Colac Botanical Gardens are next to the lake.
In January 2009, the lake dried up after years of drought. Water enters the lake from Barongarook Creek, but the lake usually loses more water through evaporation. The lake needs to get water from rain falling directly over it to keep up a high level. Water quality in Lake Colac is low because of nutrients, such as phosphorous and nitrogen entering the lake. This has come from farms and untreated sewerage. There has also been chemicals and rubbish from the town of Colac. These can cause blue-green algae to grow in the lake which makes the water unsafe for humans or animals. There have been efforts made to improve water quality by stopping these nutrients from getting into the lake. 

The lake has redfin, eels and carp, and in 2013 it was proposed to put estuary perch into the lake.

George H. Heilmeier

George Harry Heilmeier (May 22, 1936 – April 22, 2014) was an American engineer and businessman. He was best known for his work on the liquid crystal displays. He was added in the National Inventors Hall of Fame. He invented the LC-Display and his work is an IEEE Milestone. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Heilmeier died on April 22, 2014 at the age of 77. He was outlived by his wife and their daughter.


NXT Women's Championship

The NXT Women's Championship is a professional wrestling championship in the WWE. The title is a NXT-only championship. It is competed for between the women's wrestlers.

The title was introduced at WrestleMania Axxess on April 5, 2013. On the May 30, 2013 tapings of "WWE NXT", Stephanie McMahon announced that there would be a tournament between four developmental talents and four main roster Divas. Paige defeated Emma in the tournament finals to become the first NXT Women's champion. 

After Paige debuted on the main roster and won the WWE Divas Championship, she held both championships. On the April 24, 2014 episode of NXT, NXT Commissioner JBL stripped Paige of the NXT Women's Championship because of her not being able to defend the NXT Women's Championship as the WWE Divas Champion.

Another tournament was started the following week. Sasha Banks would qualify over Bayley, Natalya would qualify over Layla, Alexa Bliss would qualify over Alicia Fox and Charlotte would qualify over the former number-one contender, Emma. During the semifinals, Natalya defeated Sasha Banks, and Charlotte defeated Alexa Bliss. At "NXT Takeover", the finals took places and Charlotte defeated Natalya to win the vacant NXT Women's Championship.

Right now, the champion is Lyra Valkyria who is in her first reign. She won the title by beating Becky Lynch at NXT Halloween Havoc Night 1 in October 24.


Albert André

Albert André (1930 – 16 April 2014) was a German Roman Catholic priest. He was a former Regional Dean and longtime pastor of Piesbach. He became a priest in 1968 and continued being a pastor until his retirement in 2008. He was born in Hülzweiler, Germany.

André died in Piesbach, Germany from an illness, aged 84.

Spanish Fork, Utah

Spanish Fork is a city in Utah County, Utah.

Irving, Texas

Irving is a city in Dallas County, Texas. As of 2020, the population was 256,684. It is the 12th largest city in Texas. The arrest of Ahmed Mohamed in September 2015 resulted in claims of Islamophobia against some officials in the city.

Osage, Minnesota

Osage is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Osage Township, Becker County, Minnesota, United States. Its population was 282 as of 2020.

Darnestown, Maryland

Darnestown is a census-designated place and an unincorporated place in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States.

Niagara, Kentucky

Niagara is an unincorporated community in Henderson County, Kentucky, United States.

Westmoreland County, Virginia

Westmoreland County is a county in Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 18,477. Its county seat is Montross. It is the birthplace of the 1st President of the United States, George Washington.

Warm Springs, Georgia

Warm Springs is a city in Meriwether County, Georgia, United States. The population was 465 at the 2020 census.

Sherri Martel

Sherri Schrull (born Sherri Russell; February 8, 1958 – June 15, 2007) was an American professional wrestler and manager. She is better known by her ring names Sherri Martel and Sensational Sherri. She started as a manager in the American Wrestling Association (AWA) and joined the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). During her time in the WWF, she was able to win the WWF Women's Championship. She was known for managing Randy Savage, Ted DiBiase, and Shawn Michaels. She also appeared in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW). During her time in WCW, she managed Harlem Heat.

Schrull was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by "The Million Dollar Man" Ted DiBiase in 2006.

On June 15, 2007, Schrull died at her mother's home in McCalla, Alabama (near Birmingham). On September 11, 2007, a toxicology report released by homicide investigators in Tuscaloosa, Alabama said that the cause of her death was from an overdose of multiple drugs in her system, including high amounts of oxycodone.



Herăstrău Lake

Herăstrău Lake () is a lake in the north of Bucharest , Romania. The surface of this lake is . This lake flows into the Colentina River. It is used for sports.

Băneasa Lake

Băneasa Lake () is a lake in Bucharest , Romania Sector 1. It is between Grivița Lake and Herăstrău Lake. It has a surface of . It is long. 

Grivița Lake

Grivița Lake ) is a lake in Bucharest, Romania in Sector 1. It is between Străulești Lake and Băneasa Lake. Its area is . Its length is . Its width is . Its depth is .

Colentina Lake

Colentina Lake () is a lake in Bucharest , Romania Sector 2. The lake's area is . Its length is . Its width is . Its depth is .

This lake is in the Colentina bloc. It is a good attraction for fishing.

Stanko Lorger

Stanko Lorger (14 February 1931 – 25 April 2014) was a Slovenian hurdler. He competed for Yugoslavia at the 1952, 1956, and 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Benedikt, Municipality of Benedikt.

Lorger died on 25 April 2014 at the age of 83.


Dove Lake (Tasmania)

Dove Lake is a small glacial lake in Tasmania, Australia. It is in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park which is part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. Dove Lake is at the foot of Cradle Mountain. There is a 5.7 km walk around the lake, which has been described as one of the most popular wilderness walks in Tasmania. The lake covers an area of about 85 hectares, and is about 60 metres deep.

Trophic state index

The trophic state index (TSI) is a measure of how much nutrient, such as nitrogen and phosphorus are in a lake, or other body of water. Nutrients increase plant growth, and raise the trophic levels. The TSI can be used to make an estimate of the biological condition of a lake.

Carlson's Index is a Trophic State Index. It is used by the United States Environmental Protection Agency. The "trophic state" is the total weight of biomass in a given water body at the time of measurement. The Carlson index uses the algal biomass to classify a lake's trophic status. 

Three variables are used to work out the Carlson Index: "chlorophyll pigments", "total phosphorus" and "Secchi depth". Chlorophyll is the most accurate measure, as it is the best predictor of biomass. Phosphorus may be better in summer. Secchi depth is the least accurate measure, but it is the cheapest and easiest to use. It measures how clear the water is. This shows how much dissolved and particulate material is in the water. This can be used to work out the biomass.

A lake can be put into one of three possible classes: "oligotrophic", "mesotrophic" or "eutrophic". Lakes with extreme trophic indices can also be called "hyperoligotrophic" or "hypereutrophic". Each trophic class has different types of fish and other organisms which live in them. If there is too much algal biomass in a lake or pond, then many fish can die as the decomposing biomass takes the oxygen from the water.

Oligotrophic lakes have very little or no aquatic vegetation and the water is clear. They have low levels of nutrients. The water is suitable as drinking water. The bottom waters of such lakes typically have lots of oxygen; thus, such lakes often support many fish species. Lake trout, for example, need cold, oxygen rich water. The oxygen content is likely to be higher in deep lakes, because of their larger amount of dense cold water.

Oligotrophic lakes are most common in cold areas. They are often on top of a layer of igneous rocks (especially granitic bedrock).

Mesotrophic lakes are lakes with a medium level of productivity. They usually have clear water with beds of submerged aquatic plants and medium levels of nutrients.

The term mesotrophic is also applied to terrestrial habitats. Mesotrophic soils have moderate nutrient levels.

Eutrophic lakes have large amounts of organisms, including algal blooms. They have a lot of nutrient and can support a lot of
aquatic plants and algae. Usually the water body will be dominated either by aquatic plants or algae. When there are a lot of aquatic plants the water tends to be clear. When there is a lot of algae the water tends to be darker. The process of photosynthesis in the algae supplies oxygen to the fish and plants which live these waters. Sometimes an excessive algae bloom will occur. This can kill fish by using all the oxygen in the water. The process of eutrophication can occur naturally and by human impact on the environment.

"Eutrophic" comes from the Greek "eutrophos" meaning "well-nourished", from "eu" meaning good and "trephein" meaning "to nourish"

Hypereutrophic lakes are very nutrient-rich lakes with frequent large algal blooms and low transparency. Hypereutrophic lakes have a visibility depth of less than three feet. They also have high levels of chlorophyll and phosphorus. The algal blooms can also reduce oxygen levels which can cause dead zones beneath the surface.

Both natural and human actions can decide a lake or other water body's Trophic Index. A lake in a nutrient-rich region may be
naturally eutrophic. Nutrients carried into water bodies, such as agricultural runoff, residential fertilisers, and sewage will all increase the algal biomass, and can easily cause an oligotrophic lake to become hypereutrophic.

Often, different people want different trophic states. For example duck hunters may want a lake to be eutrophic so that it will support large numbers of ducks. Residents, on the other hand, may want the same lake to be oligotrophic, as this is more pleasant for swimming and boating. Natural Resource agencies are generally responsible for managing the different demands and deciding what a lake's trophic index should be.


Ullswater

Ullswater is the second largest lake in the English Lake District. It is about nine miles (14.5 kilometres) long and 0.75 miles (1,200 m), wide with a maximum depth of slightly more than .

Many regard Ullswater as the most beautiful of the English lakes, it has been compared to Lake Lucerne in Switzerland. 

It is a typical Lake District narrow "ribbon lake" formed after the last ice age when a glacier scooped out the valley floor. When the glacier retreated, the deepened section became a lake.Three separate glaciers formed the lake. The surrounding mountains give Ullswater the shape of a stretched 'Z' with three distinct segments (or 'reaches') that wend their way through the surrounding hills.

For much of its length Ullswater forms the border between the ancient counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

The village of Glenridding, at the southern end of the lake, is popular with tourists of all kinds. For mountain walkers, England's third highest mountain, Helvellyn and other challenging peaks are near the lake. The village has ample accommodation including two Youth Hostels and camp sites. The village of Pooley Bridge is at the northern end of the lake. Its narrow 16th-century bridge straddles the River Eamont as it flows out of Ullswater; it is overlooked by Dunmallard Hill, which was the site of an Iron Age fort. On the western side of the lake is Aira force waterfall. Near there the Brackenrigg Inn overlooks sweeping views of the dramatic landscape.

Derwent Water

Derwent Water or Derwentwater is one of the main lakes in the Lake District National Park in north west England. It is in the Borough of Allerdale in the county of Cumbria.

The lake lies immediately south of the town of Keswick. It is both fed and drained by the River Derwent. It is about long by wide and is some deep. There are several islands in the lake, one of which is inhabited. Derwent Island House, an 18th-century residence, is a tenanted National Trust property open to the public on five days each year. 

Derwentwater is very scenic. It is surrounded by hills (known locally as fells), and many of the slopes facing Derwentwater are wooded. A regular passenger launch operates on the lake, taking passengers between various landing stages. There are seven lakeside marinas, the most popular stops being: Keswick, Portinscale and the Lodore Falls, from which boats may be hired. Recreational walking is a major tourist activity in the area and there is a network of footpaths in the hills and woods surrounding the lake.

The Keswick—Borrowdale road runs along the eastern shore of the lake and carries a regular bus service. There is a lesser road along the western shore connecting the villages of Grange and Portinscale.

Derwentwater gave its name to the Earldom of Derwentwater.

The lake is believed to be the last remaining native habitat of the vendace ("Coregonus vandesius") fish.

Lake District National Park

The Lake District National Park is a National Park in North West England. It includes all of the central Lake District. The town of Kendal, some coastal areas, and the Lakeland Peninsulas are outside the park boundary.

The area was made a national park on 9 May 1951.

It is the most visited national park in the United Kingdom with 16.4 million visitors per year and more than 24 million visitor-days per year.

The Lake District is completely inside Cumbria, a county and administrative unit created in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972. 

All the land in England higher than above sea level lies within the National Park, including Scafell Pike, the highest mountain in England.

Ennerdale Water

Ennerdale Water is the most westerly lake in the Lake District National Park in Cumbria. It is a glacial lake, with a maximum depth of 150 feet (45 metres). At ½ mile to a mile (700 to 1,500 metres) wide and 2½ miles (3.9 kilometres) long is one of the smallest lakes in the area. To the west of the lake lies the small village of Ennerdale Bridge, with of two pubs and a few houses. It is close to the port of Whitehaven, the town of Cleator Moor and the village of Cleator.

In 1810 a large carnivore killed hundreds of sheep in and around Ennerdale before it was hunted down and killed. The Girt (dialect for 'Great') Dog of Ennerdale was a mysterious creature that killed between 300 and 400 sheep over six months in the fells of Cumberland, England, in 1810. 
It is now commonly thought that the Girt Dog of Ennerdale was a thylacine (otherwise known as the Tasmanian tiger or Tasmanian wolf.) Travelling circuses and menageries of the time were known to keep what were described as “tiger wolves” – a description that fits the thylacine perfectly. As import laws and animal control were so relaxed in the early part of the nineteenth century, an escape from one of these itinerant shows is easy to imagine.

Though the Lake District is a popular UK location for film shoots, Ennerdale has been left relatively in the shadow, with only a few brief exceptions. The closing sequences of the film "28 Days Later" (2002), directed by Danny Boyle, were filmed around the Ennerdale area, and include a sweeping, panoramic view of the lake.

Once a year, during the last week in August, the Ennerdale Show brings local people together with agricultural displays, competitions, arts and crafts. 

Former US President Bill Clinton proposed to his wife Hillary on the banks of Ennerdale Water in 1973.

Lake Mungo

Lake Mungo is a dry lake in the south-western part of New South Wales, Australia. It is about 760 km due west of Sydney and 90 km north-east of Mildura. The lake is the main feature of Mungo National Park. It is one of 17 lakes in the World Heritage listed Willandra Lakes Region.

Many important archaeological discoveries have been made at the lake. This includes Mungo Man, the oldest human remains found in Australia, and Mungo Lady, the oldest human remains in the world to be ritually cremated.

It is also the site of the "Lake Mungo geomagnetic excursion," the first convincing evidence that Geomagnetic excursions are a geomagnetic phenomenon rather than sedimentological.

Sediments at Lake Mungo have been deposited over more than 100,000 years. On the eastern shore of the lake are the 'Walls of China'. These are a 26 km long series of lunettes, about 30 metres high, formed over thousands of years. There are three distinct layers of sands and soil forming the Walls. The oldest is the reddish Gol Gol layer, formed between 100,000 and 120,000 years ago. The middle greyish layer is the Mungo layer, deposited between 50,000 and 25,000 years ago. The most recent is the Zanci layer, which is pale brown, and was laid down between 25,000 and 15,000 years ago.

The Mungo layer, which was deposited before the last ice age period, is the most archaeologically rich. It was a time of low rainfall and cooler weather, but more rainwater ran off the western side of the Great Dividing Range, keeping the lake full. It supported a large human population, as well as many varieties of Australian megafauna.

During the last ice age period, the water level in the lake dropped, and it became a salt lake. This made the soil alkaline, which helped to preserve the remains left behind in the Walls of China. Although the lake completely dried up several thousand years ago, ground vegetation remained on the Walls. This which helped to stabilise them and preserve them. With the arrival of European settlers in the area in the 1880s, introduced species, mostly rabbits, sheep and goats have destroyed the vegetation cover. This has led to increased erosion of the dunes. However, this erosion has led to the uncovering of many human and animal remains. Wind has moved sand and soil eastwards from the Walls, forming a mobile sand dune which moves further east every year.

The most important findings at Lake Mungo have been Mungo Man and Mungo Lady. Mungo Lady, a partly cremated body, was discovered in 1969 by Dr Jim Bowler from the Australian National University (ANU). At first she was thought to be 25,000 years old. A more recent study in 2003 found that she was probably closer to 40,000 years old. Mungo Lady is the earliest known human to have been cremated. Mungo Man was also discovered by Dr Bowler, on 26 February 1974. The remains were covered with red ochre, in what is the earliest known incidence of such a burial practice. Although some studies have shown his age at more than 60,000 years, the current agreement is that he is also about 40,000 years old.

Humans have been living around Lake Mungo for at least 50,000 years. Stone tools have been found in the dunes which are older than the Mungo Man. Grinders for making flour have been found which are between 5,000 and 10,000 years old; they were made of sandstone sourced from the

Murray River basin 100 km away. A stone axe head, at least 500 years old, was also found in the dunes; it was made from stone from Mount Camel, near Shepparton, well over 300 km away.

The rich archaeological heritage of the site is very significant to the Aboriginal Australian people from the area. The Willandra region is home to the Barkindji, Nyiampaa and Mutthi Mutthi people. They have Joint Management Agreements with the Government of New South Wales to manage the lake and the Mungo National Park.

In 1972, Archaeomagnetic studies were carried out on the prehistoric aboriginal fireplaces found along the ancient shoreline of Lake Mungo. Magnetization preserved in oven-stones and baked hearths show that the axial dipole field moved up to 120 degrees from its normal position around 30,000 years ago. This is called a geomagnetic excursion. Because most of the excursions found before Lake Mungo were in sedimentary material, it had been thought that the magnetic field directional anomalies were detrital or diagenetic in origin. The Lake Mungo results were due to thermoremanent magnetization, ruling out a sedimentological phenomena.

Two excursions have been recorded in sediments from Skjonghelleren on Valderøy, Norway. The Virtual Geomagnetic Pole (VGP) of one happened at the same time as Lake Mungo which suggests the event was global rather than local. Data from lake sediments of a similar age in France having near identical magnetic field lines also support Lake Mungo being a global event. However, it has been suggested that Lake Mungo's anomalous field is the result of lightning strikes.

Gippsland Lakes

The Gippsland Lakes are a network of lakes, marshes and lagoons in east Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. They cover an area of about . The largest of the lakes are Lake Wellington, Lake King and Lake Victoria. Water enters the lakes from the Avon, Thomson, Latrobe, Mitchell, Nicholson and Tambo rivers.

The Gippsland Lakes were formed by two main actions. The first was by silt from the rivers creating river deltas. The Mitchell River created silt jetties which run into Lake King for several kilometres. The second action was the sea in Bass Strait which created the Ninety Mile Beach which blocked the rivers from reaching the sea.

Once the rivers were blocked the water level of the lakes would gradually rise. The water would finally break through the barrier beach and the level would drop to sea-level. Eventually the beach would close-off the lakes and the cycle would begin again. Sometimes it would take many years before a new channel to the sea was formed and it was not always in the same place as the last one.

In 1889 a wall was built to fix the position of a natural channel between the lakes and the ocean at Lakes Entrance. This stabilised the water level, made a harbour for fishing boats and opened the lakes to shipping. This entrance needs to be dredged regularly, or the same process that created the Gippsland Lakes would maker the entrance too shallow for ships to pass through.

Due to the flooding, in 2011, Gippsland Lakes were experiencing bioluminescence.

The lakes support numerous species of wildlife. There are two protected areas: The Lakes National Park and Gippsland Lakes Coastal Park. The Gippsland Lakes wetlands are protected by the international Ramsar Convention on wetlands. There are also approximately 400 indigenous flora species and 300 native fauna species. Three plants, two of them being orchid species, are listed as endangered.

The lakes are home to about 50 Bottlenose dolphin, the Burrunan dolphin ("Tursiops australis").

The wetlands provide habitat for about 20,000 waterbirds. This includes birds from Siberia and Alaska. The lakes have been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area (IBA) because they regularly support over 1% of the global populations of Black Swans, Chestnut Teals and Musk Ducks, as well as many Fairy Terns.

The Gippsland Lakes are, in order of size:

Lake Wellington covers an area of 148.19 square kilometres. It is connected to Lake Victoria by McLennan Strait. 

Lake Victoria covers an area of 78.14 square kiolmetres.

Lake King covers an area of 96.84 square kilometres.

Lake Reeve is a long lake, with many salt marshes.

Lake Tyers is not connected to the other Gippsland Lakes, and makes its own entrance to Bass Strait.

The eastern shore of Lake Coleman is part of the Lake Coleman Wildlife Reserve. There is also a small reserve on the western shore called the Lake Coleman West Wildlife Reserve. The reserve covers an area of about 1500 hectares. Most of Lake Coleman is used by the Department of Defence for training purposes.


Earl Morrall

Earl Edwin Morrall (May 17, 1934 – April 25, 2014) was an American football quarterback. He played in the National Football League for 21 season. During his time in the NFL, he played for San Francisco 49ers in 1956, Pittsburgh Steelers from 1957 until 1958, Detroit Lions from 1958 until 1964, New York Giants from 1965 until 1967, Baltimore Colts from 1968 until 1971, Miami Dolphins from 1972 until 1976. He was born in Muskegon, Michigan.

Morrall died from Parkinson's disease on April 25, 2014 at his son's home in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He was 79.

Andrew Sessler

Andrew Marienhoff Sessler (December 11, 1928 – April 18, 2014) was an American physicist, academic (University of California, Berkeley) and humanitarian. He was the President of the American Physical Society during 1998. He won the Enrico Fermi Award in 2013. He was born in New York City, New York.

Sessler died from cancer on April 18, 2014 in Oakland, California. He was 85.

Muskegon, Michigan

Muskegon is a city in Muskegon County, Michigan, United States. As of 2020, 38,318 people live in Muskegon.

Willard, Ohio

Willard is a city in Huron County, Ohio, United States. As of 2020, 6,197 people live in Willard.

The Knight's Tale

The Knight's Tale is the first story of the Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer. The story tells about the life of a typical knight, and includes themes such as courtly love and ethical dilemmas.

Bear dog

The Amphicyonidae or bear dogs, is an extinct family of large terrestrial carnivores.

They belonged to the dog-like suborder Caniformia. It had a wide distribution in North America, Europe, Asia, and Africa. They lived from the Eocene epoch to the Pleistocene epoch 46.2 1.8 million years ago (mya), for a total of about 44.4 million years or from the Paleocene to the Quaternary period.

Originally they evolved in the Old World, but crossed over to the Americas during the Miocene epoch. This would happen at a time when crossing was possible via the Bering Strait. 

Fundeni Lake

Fundeni Lake () is a lake in Bucharest, Romania Sector 2. It has a surface of . It is long. It is wide. It is deep.

There is an island on the Fundeni Lake which has an area of .

TF1

TF1 is a French commercial public broadcaster television network owned by TF1 Group, controlled by the Bouygues conglomerate. TF1's average market share of 24% makes it the most popular domestic network.

TF1 is part of the TF1 Group of mass media companies, which also includes the news channel LCI. It previously owned the satellite TV provider TPS, which was sold to Canal+ Group.

The network is a supporter of the Hybrid Broadcast Broadband TV (HBBTV) initiative promoting and establishing an open European standard for hybrid set-top boxes for the reception of terrestrial TV and broadband multimedia applications with a single user interface.

TF1 stood first for Television France 1 created in 1978. TF1 was the only channel in France for 28 years so I had Broadcasted Parent and English Tv shows.
It was the only channel in France for 28 years, and has often changed its name since the creation of Radio-PTT Vision on April 26, 1935, making it one of the oldest television stations in the world, and one of the very few prewar television stations to remain in existence to the present day. It became Radiodiffusion nationale Télévision (RN Télévision) in 1937, Fernsehsender Paris (Paris Television) during German occupation in 1943, RDF Télévision française in 1944, RTF Télévision in 1949, la Première chaîne de la RTF in 1963 following the creation of the second channel, la Première chaîne de l'ORTF in 1964 and finally Télévision Française 1 (TF1) in 1975.
French TV shows now airing: 

These TF1 Original TV shows were shown on TF1 : 

American TV shows now airing (dubbed and sometimes also subtitled): Surface (Surface)

Kids TV series


In 2005, TF1 launched TF1Vision, a video on demand service.



Great British Class Survey

Great British Class Survey is a survey about social class in the United Kingdom. It was done in 2011 by the BBC. Analysis of the results was published online on April 2, 2013. The results were based on a survey of 160,000 residents of Britain. Most lived in Britain and described themselves as white.


Cristóvão Borges

Cristóvão Borges dos Santos (born 9 June 1959) is a Brazilian professional football coach and former player who played as a midfielder.

Bahia

Fluminense

Atlético Paranaense

Grêmio

Brazil

River Oykel

River Oykel is a river in northern Scotland. It is famous for salmon fishing. It is a few miles from Ullapool, in western Scotland.


Bill Irwin

Bill Irwin (born April 11, 1950) is an American stand-up comedian, actor and voice artist. He is best known for his work as Mr. Noodle in "Sesame Street". He also appeared in the television series "Northern Exposure" and the M. Night Shyamalan movie "Lady in the Water".

River Quoich

The River Quoich or Quoich Water is a tributary of the River Dee in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The river also has the Linn of Quoich, a waterfall through a narrow ravine, of which there is a bridge over the narrowest part.

River Dee, Aberdeenshire

The River Dee () is a river in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It rises in the Cairngorms and flows through Strathdee to reach the North Sea at Aberdeen.

Muricy Ramalho

Muricy Ramalhoo (born 10 May 1955) is a former Brazilian football player and football coach. He has been four times winner of Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, which is a record.

River Conon

The River Conon () is a river in the Highlands of Scotland. It begins at Loch Luichart, and flows in a south-easterly direction to be joined by the River Meig at Scatwell before passing through Loch Achonachie. It is joined by the Black Water at Moy Bridge, and the River Orrin at Urray.

The river is important as its water is used to make electric power.

Anatoly Sukhorukov

Anatoly Petrovich Sukhorukov (, 29 November 1935 – 10 April 2014) was a Soviet and Russian physicist. He made many contributions to the development of the theory of waves and nonlinear interactions in optics, radiophysics, and acoustics. He was born in Moscow, Russia.

Sukhorukov died in Moscow, Russia from an illness, aged 78.

Grants Pass, Oregon

Grants Pass is a city in Josephine County, Oregon. According to the U.S. Census, 38,502 people lived in Grants Pass in 2021.

Grants Pass is the original home of Dutch Bros. Coffee, the largest privately-held drive-through coffee chain in the United States.

Boyhood (movie)

Boyhood is a 2014 American drama movie. The story is about a boy growing up with divorced parents. Ethan Hawke plays Dad. Patricia Arquette plays Mom. The movie took 12 years to make. It won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture in 2015.

This movie was released in July 2014.

Expocenter of Ukraine

Expocenter of Ukraine () is a exhibition center located in Kyiv, Ukraine.

It was opened in 1958 in the Soviet period. It was built on the design of the All-Russia Exhibition Centre in Moscow. When the exhibition opened it was called: Exhibition of Achievements of the National Economy of Ukrainian SSR ().


Þingvallavatn

Þingvallavatn is a rift valley lake in southwestern Iceland. The lake has a surface of 84 km² and the greatest depth is at . This make it Iceland's largest natural lake. Alþingi (national parliament of Iceland) is at the northern shore of the lake and was founded in the year 930.

Four types of the Arctic char are found at the lake.

Blöndulón

Blöndulón is one of Iceland's largest lakes. It was created in between the years of 1984 and 1991. It has a greatest depth of and is nearly above sea level.

It is found near the Kjölur highland road in the Highlands of Iceland. It was made as a reservoir for the Blönduvirkjun power plant. The lake is often used for salmon fishing. Blöndulón has been the sight of erosion.

Apavatn

Apavatn is a lake in southwest Iceland. It has a surface of 13 km². It is larger than the lake of Laugarvatn which is next to Apavatn. Apavatn is known for its fishing of trout.

Samir Handanovič

Samir Handanovič (born 14 July 1985) is a Slovenian football player. He plays for Internazionale and Slovenia national team.

The Fault in Our Stars (movie)

The Fault in Our Stars is a 2014 American romantic drama movie. This movie is set in Indianapolis, Indiana and Amsterdam, Netherlands. It is based on the novel of the same name by John Green. Shailene Woodley plays Hazel Lancaster. Laura Dern plays Mrs. Lancaster. The movie was released on June 6, 2014. The film made over US$303 million. Critics mostly gave the film positive reviews.

This movie is about a teenage girl named Hazel. She has terminal cancer. She falls in love with a teenage boy named Augustus she meets at a support group. Hazel finds out that he likes her, too, and invites her over to watch a movie. The next day, Gus calls her, asking if she can come over. His friend, Isaac, is having a nervous breakdown after his girlfriend breaks up with him. Hazel realizes that Gus has read her favorite book to get to know her better, and in exchange, Hazel reads his. The movie courses over multiple meetups, when one day Augustus finds out Hazel's favorite reclusive author's email.

Let's Be Cops

Let's Be Cops is a 2014 crime comedy and action movie. This is about two friends who pretend to be police officers. Andy García and Nina Dobrev star in it.

The movie was released on August 13, 2014.

Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm

Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm is a 1938 musical-comedy movie. This is about a musically talented orphan named Rebecca Winstead. Her stepfather leaves her on a farm. Shirley Temple plays Rebecca.

This movie was released in March 1938. The critical reviews were good.

The Blue Bird (movie)

The Blue Bird is a 1940 children's fantasy movie. This is about Germany during the 18th century. Shirley Temple plays Mytyl.

This movie performed badly at the box office. It was, however, nominated for two Academy Awards.

This movie was released in January 1940 by RKO Radio Pictures.

Peyto Lake

Peyto Lake is a lake in Banff National Park in Canada. It was named Bill Peyto after a trapper in the Banff area.

During the summer, a lot of glacier rock falls into the lake from the Peyto creek.

Wimbleball Lake

Wimbleball Lake is in Exmoor National Park in Somerset, England. It is used as a water supply reservoir, built in the 1970s and completed in 1979.

Wimbleball Lake was nominated to be the first Dark Skies Discovery Site on Exmoor. Exmoor National Park has been designated an International Dark Sky Reserve, the first place in Europe to achieve this award and only the second in the world.

The high dam is a concrete buttress which holds back the River Haddeo. It has a water storage capacity of 21,000 megalitres over .

At times of low flow in the River Exe, water is released into the river for taking out downstream at Tiverton and Exeter. The effects of this regulation of the water flow from the lake have been studied.

The area near the lake is a recreation and sports area. The Outdoor + Active Centre is open for tuition in various watersports activities including sailing, windsurfing, canoeing and rowing. Visitors can also launch their own craft or hire from the centre. The cycle route takes you around the lake, following mostly bridleways and some quiet country lanes. The route passes through woodland and grassland, with glimpses of the lake.

Cars 3

Cars 3 is a 2017 American movie. It was made by Pixar, directed by Brian Fee, and produced by Kevin Reher. It is the third movie in the "Cars" movie series. The movie was released by Walt Disney Pictures on June 10, 2017. In the "Cars" trilogy, "Cars 3" is the next movie after "Cars 2", which is a sequel to the original "Cars" movie.

Lightning McQueen faces Jackson Storm, his high-tech rival who uses technology to win. He then makes friends with Cruz Ramirez, who needs training in racing, and the two learn many tricks from Smokey, who once trained Doc Hudson (Lightning's trainer in the original "Cars" movie). Lightning and Cruz then go to Florida to use what they learned to beat Storm, and in the end, both of them win.



Jurassic World

Jurassic World is the fourth movie in the "Jurassic Park" series of movies and the first in the "Jurassic World" trilogy. It was released on June 12, 2015. The movie was directed by Colin Trevorrow.

It stars Chris Pratt, Bryce Dallas Howard, Vincent D'Onofrio, Ty Simpkins, Nick Robinson, Omar Sy, B. D. Wong, and Irrfan Khan. A sequel, "", was released in June 2018. A third film, "", was released in June 2022.

22 years after the disaster of "Jurassic Park", on Costa Rica's (fictional) island of Isla Nublar, the park "Jurassic World", as it was imagined at the start with the park "Jurassic Park", is operating. It stands and takes in visitors everyday. But as the ratings of tourists drop, the staff prepare to unleash a new dinosaur named 'Indominus Rex', a hybrid that was made by the park. It gets loose from its private attraction unleashing havoc in the park.


Loch Lomond

Loch Lomond is a freshwater Scottish loch. It is the largest inland stretch of water in Great Britain by surface area. The loch contains many islands, including Inchmurrin, the largest fresh-water island in the British Isles. Loch Lomond is a popular leisure destination and is featured in the song "The Bonnie Banks o' Loch Lomond".

Loch Lomond lies on the Highland Boundary Fault, the boundary between the Lowlands of Central Scotland and the Highlands. It is 24 miles (39 kilometres) long and between 0.75 mile (1.21 km) and 5 miles (8 km) wide. It has an average depth of about 121 feet (37 metres), and a maximum depth of about 620 feet (190 metres). Its surface area is 27 square miles (71 km), and it has a volume of 0.62 cubic miles (2.6 km). 

Of all lochs and lakes in Great Britain, it is the largest by surface area, and the second largest (after Loch Ness) by water volume. Within the United Kingdom, it is surpassed only by Lough Neagh and Lower Lough Erne in Northern Ireland. In the British Isles as a whole there are several larger loughs in the Republic of Ireland.

DJ Rashad

Rashad Hanif Harden (October 9, 1979 – April 26, 2014), better known by his stage name DJ Rashad, was an American electronic musician, record producer and DJ. He started his career in the early 1990s. He was best known for his work in the footwork genre. He worked with Hyperdub Records and artists such as DJ Spinn. He was born in Hammond, Indiana and was raised in Calumet City, Illinois.

Harden died on April 26, 2014 in Chicago, Illinois. He was 35. An autopsy confirmed that his death was drug-related, with heroin, cocaine and alprazolam (Xanax) being found in Harden's system.


Bobby Heenan

Raymond Louis "Ray" Heenan (November 1, 1943 – September 17, 2017) was an American retired manager, professional wrestler and color commentator. Heenan is best known for his time in American Wrestling Association (AWA), the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW). He was known as Bobby "The Brain" Heenan. Heenan was known for having great skill in drawing heat towards both himself and the wrestlers that he had managed. He was also known for his time as a color commentator along with his co-commentator Gorilla Monsoon.

Heenan was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Blackjack Lanza in 2004. During his speech, he paid tribute to his close friend and broadcast partner Gorilla Monsoon. He tearfully said "I wish Monsoon were here." Heenan also inducted "Mr. Wonderful" Paul Orndorff in 2005, Nick Bockwinkel in 2007 and The Blackjacks (Blackjack Mulligan and Blackjack Lanza) in 2006.

In January 2002, He announced that he was battling throat cancer. Since then, he has recovered largely but he lost a lot of weight going from 231 pounds (105 kg) to 190 pounds (86 kg) or even less. His voice also changed to a soft, high-pitched tone, different from his strong, rugged tone during his color commentator days. In December 2007, he had reconstructive surgery on his jaw, when the first surgery was not successful. He was placed in a medically induced coma and was slowly brought out. In February 2009, he was released from the hospital and was relearning how to speak clearly.
In October 2013, Jim Ross said in an interview that Heenan is "hanging in there." but is still having trouble speaking as a result of tongue cancer treatments.

Heenan died of complications from throat and tongue cancer on September 17, 2017 at his home in Largo, Florida at the age of 73.



Stefanie Zweig

Stefanie Zweig (19 September 1932 – 25 April 2014) was a German writer. She was best known for her autobiographical novel, "Nirgendwo in Afrika" ("Nowhere in Africa", 1998), based on her early life in Kenya. The novel was made into a movie and won an Academy Award in 2002 for Best Foreign Language Film.

Zweig was born in Leobschütz, Upper Silesia (now Poland). Her family was Jewish and fled Nazi Germany to Kenya.

Zweig died after a short illness on 25 April 2014 in Frankfurt, Hesse, Germany. She was 81.

Hans Asperger

Hans Asperger (18 February 1906 – 21 October 1980) was an Austrian doctor of children. Asperger syndrome (AS) was named after him. Today, Asperger syndrome is seen as a form of Autism. Asperger was born in Vienna and died there. Asperger studied medicine at the University of Vienna under Franz Hamburger. Because he wrote in German, his work was not widely known. It was only in the 1980s that it was translated. One of his students translated it in honor of Asperger.

Hans Asperger worked in Austria when it was occupied by Nazi Germany. Some people say that he was complicit in the forced euthanasia of disabled children by the Nazis.

Sandro Lopopolo

Sandro Lopopolo (18 December 1939 – 26 April 2014) was an Italian light welterweight boxer who was born in Milan. Lopopolo won the silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. He fought as a professional from 1961 to 1973. Lopopolo held the light welterweight titles from Italy, Europe and the World at times during his career. When Lopopolo retired from boxing he had a record of 58 wins (20 KOs), 10 losses and 7 draws. Lopopolo died after a long respiratory illness on 26 April 2014 in Milan. He was 74.


Charles Robinson

Charles Shane Robinson (born July 2, 1964) is an American professional wrestling referee. He is currently working with the WWE where he has been working 2001.

Robinson started out as a photographer for Pro Wrestling Federation (PWF) in 1995.

On September 15, 1997, He refereed a tryout dark match between Chris Taylor and Kendall Windham before WCW Monday Nitro at Independence Arena in Charlotte, NC. A week later, he was signed by World Championship Wrestling (WCW).

His first appearance for WCW was at the WCW TV tapings at Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida. He turned heel, refereed Four Horsemen matches and aligned himself with Ric Flair. During his heel run, he favored the Horsemen in matches he refereed which annoyed Randy Savage. Savage, who was suspended by Flair (then-WCW President), proposed a match between Robinson and Savage's girlfriend Gorgeous George where if George defeated Robinson, Savage would be reinstated. The match took place on May 9, 1999 at "Slamboree 1999". Robinson (dubbed "Little Naitch") copied Flair's signature strut, "wooo!" catchphrase and even wore a robe similar to Flair's. Robinson would lose the match after George hit him with a diving elbow drop.

When the World Wrestling Federation bought WCW in March 2001, they hired Robinson. Robinson was a part of The Alliance. The first match that he refereed in the WWF was on July 2, 2001. Even though he was a part of the Alliance, he was mainly a fair and impartial referee. On the July 1, 2004 episode of "SmackDown!", he was forced to wrestle Luther Reigns by then-General Manager Kurt Angle. The match was quickly stopped by Charlie Haas however.

On April 18, 2014, while he was traveling with the WWE in Saudi Arabia, he suffered a freak accident after he nearly lost his thumb when he deeply cut it while helping to set up the wrestling ring. He received 6 stitches from a nearby WWE medic.


Lake Macquarie (New South Wales)

Lake Macquarie or Awaba, is the largest coastal salt water lake in Australia. It covers an area of . It is on the coast of New South Wales, north of Sydney. The city of lake Macquarie is on the shores of the lake. Lake Macquarie is connected to the sea by a short channel.

Aborigines of the Awabakal nation lived in the area for thousands of years. The name "Awaba", means "a plain surface".

The first European to visit the lake was Captain William Reid in 1800. Reid had been sent from Sydney to get a load of coal from Newcastle Harbour. Reid took a wrong turn and found himself in a lake rather than a river, with no coal to be seen anywhere. The name "Reid's Mistake" was used until 1826, when it was renamed in honour of Governor Lachlan Macquarie.

The lake is an irregular shape. The land between the lake and the sea is only a few kilometres wide along most of its length. There are several small, sandy, low-level islands in the lake. Pulbah Island, located south of Swansea is a large island with rocky cliffs. It covers an area of . Pulbah is an Aboriginal name meaning "island". Pulbah Island is also a sacred site for the Awabakal people.

Lake Macquarie is connected to the sea by Swansea Channel and Lakes Entrance. Swansea Channel is about wide and long. The bridges over the channel can lift to allow yachts and other boats in and out of the lake.

The eucalypt forests on the southern edge of the lake have been listed by BirdLife International as a 121 km Important Bird Area (IBA). They support significant numbers of endangered Swift Parrots and Regent Honeyeaters. Masked Owls and Ospreys often nest in the area.

In 1983 the State Pollution Control Commission studied the poor water quality of Lake Macquarie. It found increased amounts of sediment and increased levels of nutrients were causing problems. Further studies in 1995 found that creeks flowing into the lake were causing many of these problems. In 1998 a special group was set up by the government to find ways to protect the lake. This group recommended setting up the Lake Macquarie Project Management Committee. Their job was to put in place an action plan to protect the lake called the Lake Macquarie Improvement Plan.

These actions have included reducing the amount of sediment and nutrients getting into the lake. They have built wetlands, stormwater treatments, replanting, and educating the local community.

There are more fish in the lake because commercial fishing has been stopped in the lake and the water quality is improving.

Fishing, boating, kayaking and water skiing are all popular activities on the lake. 

La Torbiera Zoo

Faunist Park La Torbiera is a biopark and consists of an area open to the public and a protected area for wildlife preservation. It was established in Agrate Conturbia, Piedmont, Italy in 1977 to preserve and study some animal species in danger of extinction.

Blue Lake (South Australia)

The Blue Lake is in Mount Gambier, South Australia. It may be a dormant volcanic crater. It is one of four crater lakes on Mount Gambier. Over the past 30 to 40 years the water table has dropped. The Blue Lake changes colour, from grey to bright blue.

Different dates have been given for its last eruption, of 28,000 years ago, 4342 years ago, and, recently, a little before 6000 years ago. If the youngest date is correct, this could be the most recent volcanic eruption on the Australian mainland.

Blue Lake has an average depth of 72 metres, but in places reaches 77 metres deep. The crater rim measures 1,200 metres (3,937 feet) by 824 metres (2,703 feet). The lake itself measures 1,087 metres (3,566 feet) by 657 metres (2,155 feet). The bottom of the lake is 30 metres (100 feet) below the level of the main street of the nearby town. The Blue Lake supplies the town with drinking water.

Major diving exploration of the lake first took place in 1985. Cave diver Peter Horne studied the temperature and visibility of the water. He discovered a fresh water sponge species and other invertebrates. 

He also discovered "The stromatolite field", hollow rock formations on the north-eastern edge at a depth of 40 m. In 2008 another dive brought up core samples from the calcite-silt covered lake bed, and measured the water temperature on the lake bed at 14 degrees Celsius (57 °F).


Borophagus

Borophagus is an extinct genus of the Canidae family, endemic to North America. The species were similar in appearance to modern-day hyenas, and weighed between and . There are eight known species that lived from around 12 million years ago to about 2 million years ago.

Probability space

Probability space is a mathematical model used to describe scientific experiments. A probability space consists of three parts:

An "outcome" is the result of a single execution of the model. Since individual outcomes might be of little practical use, more complex "events" are used to characterize groups of outcomes. The collection of all such events is a "σ-algebra", sometimes written as formula_3. Finally, there is a need to specify each event's likelihood of happening. This is done using the "probability measure" function, "P".

Once the probability space is established, one usually assumes that “nature” makes its move and selects a single outcome, "ω", from the sample space Ω. All the events in formula_3 that contain the selected outcome "ω" (recall that each event is a subset of Ω) are said to “have occurred”. The selection performed by nature is done in such a way that if the experiment were to be repeated an infinite number of times, then the relative frequencies of occurrence of each of the events would coincide with the probabilities described by the function "P".

The prominent Soviet mathematician Andrey Kolmogorov introduced the notion of probability space, together with other axioms of probability, in the 1930s.


The Gambler (novel)

The Gambler is a novel by the Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky. 
It is about the bad side of gambling and has to do with Dostoyevsky's own experiences from his travels to Wiesbaden, Baden-Baden and other casinos. At the time when he wrote The Gambler he had serious financial problems. The Gambler was also turned into an opera by Sergei Prokofiev.

The Gambler was made public in 1867 short time after Crime and Punishment. In the summer 1865 Dostoyevsky had promised to his publisher Stellovsky to create a novel until 1. November. Otherwise the publisher would get the publishing rights for other works of Dostoyevsky without having to pay. Dostoyevsky accepted this. So Dostoyevsky dictated the novel in only 26 days to his typist and later wife Anna. Stellovsky left St. Petersburg on 31. October to make the delivery impossible. But Anna had the idea to deliver the novel to a notary (a kind of a lawyer) and like that they were able to deliver the novel until the promised date.

POST (HTTP)

In Internet computing, POST is one of many request methods supported by the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (or HTTP). POST acts to submit data to be processed to a specific resource. As examples this may be a message for a bulletin board, a newsgroup, or a mailing list. It can also be an item of data for a database. In contrast, the HTTP GET request method is designed to retrieve (or get) information from a server.

Festspielhaus Baden-Baden

The Festspielhaus Baden-Baden is Germany's largest opera house. It is the second largest opera house in Europe. It has 2,500 seats. The Festspielhaus Baden-Baden is in Baden-Baden at the place of the former railroad station. The historic station building was combined into the Festspielhaus and is now the entrance building. The Festspielhaus was opened in 1998. After a difficult starting time due to financial problems it managed to become successful. Today it has five festival periods and a rich cultural program. 


The Amazing Spiez!

The Amazing Spiez! is a French/Canadian animated television series. It is produced by the French company Marathon Media and the Canadian company Image Entertainment Corporation. It was first broadcast on March 15, 2009 on Disney Channel Asia. It aired on TF1 in France and Teletoon in Canada. The series had 52 episodes (2 seasons). It aired its last episode on May 25, 2012. Its spinoff is "Totally Spies".

4 kids are secretly undercover as spiez! for WOOHP taking down Baddies headed by Jerry Lewis the Head/Founder of WOOHP a secret spy organization.


List of The Amazing Spiez! episodes

"The Amazing Spiez!" had 52 episodes. Each episode was 26 minutes long. The series had 52 episodes divided in 2 seasons. The series first episode premiered on March 15 2009 and the last episode premiered on May 25, 2012. 
The series came on Disney Channel Asia, TF1, Teletoon, Cartoon Network USA, NHK Japan, Canal J and other networks 

Arvind Kejriwal

Arvind Kejriwal (born 16 August 1968) is an Indian politician. He is the current and 7th Chief Minister of Delhi. He is the national convener of Aam Aadmi Party (AAP). He started the Aam Aadmi Party in 2012. Kejriwal won the TIME 100 Readers' Poll in 2014.For the 2019 general elections the Aam Aadmi Party shared seats with the Indian National Congress.

Kejriwal was born in Bhiwani, Haryana on 16th August 1968. He was educated at Campus School in Hisar. He graduated from Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur, majoring in mechanical engineering.

In November 2012, Kejriwal launched AAP.

AAP contested Delhi legislative assembly elections in 2013. Kejriwal defeated incumbent Chief Minister, Sheila Dikshit of the Indian National Congress (INC). Kejriwal was sworn in as the second-youngest chief minister of Delhi on 28 December 2013.

On 14 February 2014 he resigned as Chief Minister.

Kejriwal contested in 2014 Indian general elections. He lost against the BJP prime ministerial candidate, Narendra Modi.

Aam Aadmi Party won 67 of the 70 constituencies in the 2015 Delhi Assembly elections. Arvind Kejriwal took oath on 14 February 2015 as Delhi's chief minister for a second time.




Brody Dalle

Brody Dalle (born Bree Joanna Alice Robinson on January 1, 1979) is an Australian singer and guitarist from Melbourne. She started The Distillers in 1998. Her first solo album was released on April 28, 2014.

Dalle was married to Tim Armstrong from 1997 until they divorced in 2003. She married Josh Homme in 2007. She lives with him in California.


Manuel Ortega (painter)

Manuel Ortega Pérez de Monforte (9 July 1921 – 14 April 2014) was a Spanish painter, muralist, sculptor, designer, portrait painter, and engraver. He was born in Madrid.

Ortega created more than 200 murals and created stained glass in many cathedrals, seminaries,palaces, hotels and developments from Spain. He won the international competition for the windows of the Cathedral of Almudena in Madrid in 1998.

Ortega died in Madrid from natural causes, aged 92.

Albert Manent

Albert Manent i Segimon (23 September 1930 – 14 April 2014) was a Spanish writer and cultural activist. He was mostly involved in the field of Catalan. Manent was the son of the writer Marià Manent. He graduated the subject of law and in Catalan philology. He was born in Premia de Dalt, Spain.

Manent died in Madrid from an illness, aged 83.

The New World Order (professional wrestling)

The New World Order (also known as just nWo) is a professional wrestling stable that is best known for competing in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E). The stable was created on July 7, 1996 and broke up on July 15, 2002. nWo had a gimmick of a group of unsanctioned wrestlers trying to "take over" WCW.

The nWo angle was based on Universal Wrestling Federation's invasion of New Japan Pro Wrestling. A well known moment happened at "Bash at the Beach" when Hulk Hogan unexpectedly turned heel for the first time in nearly fifteen years. The nWo angle is one of the most popular and successful angles in modern-day professional wrestling.


Alistair MacLeod

Alistair MacLeod, (July 20, 1936 – April 20, 2014) was a Canadian novelist, short story writer and academic. He was known for his novels in "No Great Mischief", "The Lost Salt Gift of Blood", and "As Birds Bring Forth the Sun and Other Stories". He was born in North Battleford, Saskatchewan, Canada.

MacLeod was born in North Battleford, Saskatchewan and died in Windsor, Ontario from a stroke, aged 77.

Sandy Jardine

William "Sandy" Pullar Jardine (31 December 1948 – 24 April 2014) was a Scottish professional footballer. Jardine played for Rangers, Hearts and represented Scotland.

Jardine died from liver cancer, aged 65.


Andréa Parisy

Andrée Marcelle Henriette Parisy (4 December 1935 – 27 April 2014), better known by her stage names Andréa Parisy and sometimes Andrée Parizy, was a French actress. She is best known for her roles in movies such as "Babes a GoGo" (1956), "The Little Bather" (1968) and "Mayerling" (1968). She was born in Levallois-Perret.

Parisy died on 27 April 2014, aged 78.

Steve Zabriskie

Steve Zabriskie is a former sportscaster. He was best known for calling Major League Baseball, football, and college basketball.

Zabriskie was the play-by-play voice for the New York Mets from 1983 through 1989. He also called games for the California Angels and did part time games for the Boston Red Sox as well as calling baseball games for USA, ABC Sports, and ESPN as well as calling college football for ABC, college basketball on ESPN and CBS, and NFL games for CBS.

Zabriskie used to live in Orlando, Florida. He currently lives in California. His wife of more than thirty years died of cancer.


Lake McKenzie

Lake McKenzie (Boorangoora) is a perched lake on Fraser Island in Queensland, Australia. The lake is located in the Great Sandy National Park. Fraser Island is the world's largest sand island and is also a World Heritage site. Half of the world's perched lakes are found on the island.

The lake is 6.2 km southeast of Kingfisher Resort. It is 1,200 metres long and up to 930 metres wide. It covers an area of about 150 hectares.

The sand around the lake is pure, white silica. The water in the lake is also so pure it is unsuitable for many species.

Facilities for visitors around the lake include camping areas, picnic areas, toilets and barbecues.

In March 1944 a military training camp was set up at the lake. It was closed late the same year.

The lake served as the final Roadblock location and the finish line of the TV series "The Amazing Race Australia 2".

Sarah Paulson

Sarah Catharine Paulson (born December 17, 1974) is an American actress. She was born in Tampa, Florida.

Paulson played Maggie Corner in the "Family Values" episode of Law & Order. She played Anne Gillette in the episode "Shadow" of the same series. She played several characters in different seasons of "American Horror Story". She played Dr. Caron in the movie "Serenity". She also starred in "The Post".

Antonio Pica

Antonio de la Santísima Trinidad Pica Serrano (March 21, 1933 — April 26, 2014) was a Spanish actor.

Pica was born in Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz, Spain.

He appeared in over 60 movies since his career began in 1966. He worked with Sophia Loren and Christopher Plummer. He is known for his roles in "Delusions of Grandeur" (1971), "Travels with My Aunt" (1972) and "The Killer with a Thousand Eyes" (1974).

Pica died at a hospital in El Puerto de Santa María, Spain from an illness, aged 81.


Kent, Connecticut

Kent is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut.

Ryan Tandy

Ryan Tandy (20 September 1981 – 28 April 2014) was an Australian professional rugby league player who played as both a prop and second row from 2003 until 2011. During his career, he played for the St. George Illawarra Dragons, South Sydney Rabbitohs, Wests Tigers, Melbourne Storm and the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in the National Rugby League (NRL). He also played for Hull Kingston Rovers in the European Super League. He represented Ireland from 2006 until 2008.

He was banned from playing professional rugby league due to a match fixing scandal. He was born in Wollongong, New South Wales.

Tandy was found dead of an apparent drug overdose on 28 April 2014 at his parents' home in Saratoga, New South Wales. He was 32.


Ground sloth

Ground sloths are a group of extinct large sloths in the mammalian superorder Xenarthra. The much smaller living sloths are called "tree sloths". 

The last surviving ground sloths lived in the Caribbean Antilles. "Megalocnus" may have survived until about the third century BC in Cuba. By then ground sloths had been extinct on the mainland of North and South America for 10,000 years or more. They survived on Caribbean islands because humans got to the islands much later. Some island sloth populations lived 5,000-6,000 years later than their continental mainland relatives. This fits the pattern of Holocene extinction of large vertebrates due to human dispersal. In other words, they were probably hunted or otherwise so affected by humans that they were unable to survive.

Most ground sloth evolution took place during the mid to late Tertiary of South America while the continent was isolated. At their earliest appearance in the fossil record, the ground sloths were already quite distinct. The presence of islands between the American continents in the Miocene allowed some to get into North America. 

Ground sloths were a hardy group: their numbers and dispersals into remote areas are evidence of this. Remains have been found in parts of Alaska.

Sloths, and xenarthrans as a whole, were one of the more successful South American groups during the Great American Biotic Interchange. In general, during the interchange, many more taxa moved from North America into South America than in the other direction. However,at least five genera of ground sloths have been identified in North American fossils. These are examples of successful migration to the north.


Paramylodon

Paramylodon is an extinct genus of ground sloth. It was endemic to North America in the Pliocene, and to the end of the Pleistocene epoch. It lived from around ~4.9 million years ago (mya) to 11,000 years ago.

"Paramylodon" was about 3 m (9.8 ft) in height and weighted as much as 1089 kg. It is known from deposits in the United States, Mexico and as far south as Guatemala.

There is just one recognized species, "P. harlani", (Owen) 1840, which is commonly referred to as Harlan's ground sloth in honor of the American paleontologist who first discovered and described a lower jaw in 1835. 

Like the South American "Mylodon", "Paramylodon" had dermal ossicles: small bones embedded in the skin. This made it harder for predators if they attacked from behind. Its skull and teeth suggest it was, like the other members of its group, a browser on leaves and small branches. It ate standing on its hind legs and using its huge hands to pull the vegetation into its mouth. Skeletons found in the La Brea tar pits were more or less complete.

Wilfred Thesiger

Wilfred Thesiger (June 3, 1910 – August 24, 2003) was a British military officer, explorer, and writer.

He was born in Addis Ababa where his father was an advisor to the Ethiopian emperor. He went to school and university in England but he always dreamed of travel. He didn't make many friends when he studied in England. During his first university holidays he travelled alone, without much money, from England to Istanbul. This was the start of an exciting life filled with adventure in Africa, Iraq and the Arabian Peninsula. 

Thesiger was one of the last great British explorers and he was an excellent photographer and writer. When Thesiger died in 2003, he left more than 38,000 photographs to the Pitt Rivers museum in Oxford. Thesiger wrote many books, some of which are considered to be classics. He was a tall, strong man and a successful boxer. 

Thesiger travelled through the UAE with his Bedouin friends and even met Sheikh Zayed in Al Ain. (In 2003, the UAE gave money to the Pitt Rivers museum to help keep Thesiger's photos safe). Thesiger had a deep respect for his Bedouin friends who he thought of as better than himself because they were generous, brave and always cheerful. Each time Thesiger and his Bedouin friends met other people, they stopped, invited them to eat their food, and enjoyed sharing the latest news. 

Thesiger loved a simple lifestyle. He didn't like cars or the radio. For the rest of his life he always wanted to go back to the desert.

He died in Croydon, London.

Penny Arcade

Penny Arcade is a webcomic about video games. It was created by Jerry Holkins and Mike Krahulik. The comic debuted in 1998. Now, the comic has its own website which also hosts other comic strips. In addition, the site has information about Child's Play, a children's charity, and PAX, a gaming convention. Both are by Holkins and Krahulik.

The comic strip is about two characters who are based on the creators of the comic strip. John "Gabe" Gabriel is based Mike Krahulik, and Tycho Brahe is based on Jerry Holkins. Gabrial is happier, but can become very angry. Tycho Brahe (named after the astronomer Tycho Brahe) is unhappy and serious. The characters go through the same events their creators do, but react differently. Most of the comic strips involve the two characters commenting on nerd culture, usually video games. The strip has large amounts of cursing and has been known to offend people.

Krahulik and Holkins have released podcasts called "Downloadable Content" since March 20, 2006. A series of four video games loosely based on the comic strip titled "" began on May 21, 2008. Tycho appeared in the game "Poker Night at the Inventory" alongside characters from "Team Fortress 2", "Strong Bad" and "Sam & Max". "Penny Arade: The Series" is a reality televesion show about the strip and the Penny Arcade company that began on February 20, 2010.


Operation Yewtree

Operation Yewtree is an investigation by the Metropolitan Police into sex crimes, especially child sexual abuse. It began in October 2012, after Jimmy Savile, who died in 2011, was found to have been a sexual predator for decades. People investigated include: Max Clifford, Dave Lee Travis, Rolf Harris, Gary Glitter, Freddie Starr, Paul Gambaccini, Chris Denning, Jim Davidson, Wilfred De'ath and Ted Beston.

Clifford, Harris and Denning have been convicted after being investigated by Operation Yewtree.

Yigal Arnon

Yigal Arnon (9 December 1929 – 27 April 2014) was an Israeli lawyer. He was best known as the founder of Yigal Arnon & Co., one of the largest law firms in Israel. He was born in Tel Aviv.

Arnon died on 27 April 2014 in Tel Aviv, aged 84.

Max Clifford

Maxwell Frank "Max" Clifford (6 April 1943 – 10 December 2017) was a British publicist and sex offender.

Clifford was born in Kingston upon Thames and raised in Wimbledon. He left school when he was 15.

Clifford was married to Elizabeth Porter from 1967 until her death in 2003. He has a daughter by her. He married Jo Westwood in 2010. She began divorce proceedings against him in August 2013 on the grounds of unreasonable behaviour. A decree nisi was granted in May 2014. He lived in Hersham before being sent to prison. 

He was arrested in December 2012 by Metropolitan Police officers as part of Operation Yewtree an investigation which was set up to investigate child sexual abuse committed by DJ Jimmy Savile who died in 2011, and by other people. In 2014, he was tried at Southwark Crown Court for 11 counts of indecent assault against teenage girls. On 28 April 2014 he was convicted of 8 counts. On 2 May 2014, he was sentenced to 8 years imprisonment and is now incarcerated at HM Prison Littlehey in Cambridgeshire. He collapsed in his cell and was taken to hospital, where he died of a heart attack.

Jack Ramsay

John T. "Jack" Ramsay (February 21, 1925 – April 28, 2014), also known as "Dr. Jack", was an American basketball coach. He coached Saint Joseph's Hawks from 1955 until 1966, Philadelphia 76ers from 1968 until 1972, Buffalo Braves from 1972 until 1976, Portland Trail Blazers from 1976 until 1986 and Indiana Pacers from 1986 until 1988. He entered the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1992. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Ramsay died in his sleep from cancer on the night of April 27, 2014. He was 89.

Birthday Girl

Birthday Girl is a 2001 British-American crime-thriller movie. It is set in St Albans, Hertfordshire. It stars Nicole Kidman and Ben Chaplin. It is a bank clerk in St Albans who finds a Russian mail-order bride, Nadia, played by Kidman.

The movie received mixed reviews.

Harry Firth

Harry L. Firth (18 April 1918 - 27 April 2014) was an Australian racing driver and team manager. Firth was a leading race and rally driver during the 1950s and 1960s and continued as an influential team manager with first the Ford works team and then the famed Holden Dealer Team (HDT) well into the 1970s. He was born in Orbost, Victoria.

Firth died from natural causes, aged 96.

Rolling and wheels in the natural world

There are two ways that natural and man-made things can use rotation to move around. One way is for the entire thing to roll. The other way is for part of the thing to turn while the rest does not, like a wheel or a propeller. Some living things move around by rolling, but no living things seem to use wheels. Biologists have written about the reasons for this. Writers of science fiction and fantasy have invented many animals with wheels.

Wheels are a very useful technology for people. Many technologies that people use are also found in nature, like wings and lenses.
It may seem strange, then, that wheels have never evolved in nature, but there are two reasons for this. First, there are natural limits to what kinds of things can exist in nature. Living things change slowly over time, a process called evolution by natural selection. This process can create many different answers to a problem, but it can't always create every answer that can be imagined. Also, the ways that new living things build themselves (a process called developmental biology) can't always create every kind of part that can be imagined. Second, wheels are sometimes less useful than other ways of moving, like walking, running, or slithering like a snake. For the same reason, some groups of people in the past have given up using wheels completely.

Some living things move around by rolling. These are not true examples of wheels, because the whole organism rotates, without any parts that stay still, like an axle.

Some kinds of animals form their bodies into a circle. In some cases, they do this to protect themselves, and in some cases they do it to be able to roll. Animals that do this include some caterpillars, tiger beetle larvae, myriapods, mantis shrimp, and salamanders. Other animals form into a ball instead. These animals include pangolins, hedgehogs, armadillos, the armadillo Lizard, isopods, the wheel spider, and fossilized trilobites. These animals may roll "passively", meaning they are pushed by gravity or wind, or "actively", meaning they push themselves by changing their shape. Tumbleweeds are a part of a plant that grows above the ground. Tumbleweeds break off from their roots and roll in the wind in order to spread their seeds.

Dung beetles form round balls of animal feces. They roll these balls with their bodies. Although the ball rolls instead of the beetle, the beetles have many of the same problems as rolling animals.

A kind of skin cell called a keratinocyte moves itself by rolling, as part of the process of healing.

A kind of tiny animal called a rotifer uses a ring of cilia (small hair-like parts) moving in rhythm to move and feed itself. The word "rotifer" in Latin means "having wheels", but rotifers do not actually have any parts that rotate.

No known multicellular organism (an organism made of many cells) can spin part of its body while keeping the rest of its body still. However, there are at least two examples of rotating parts used by cells. One example is a molecule called ATP synthase. ATP synthase is used to store and move energy. For example, it is used in the processes of photosynthesis (a way of storing energy from the sun) and oxidative phosphorylation (a way of releasing stored energy). ATP synthase is similar to flagellar motors, which are talked about below. Biologists (scientists who study life) think that ATP synthase is an example of modular evolution. In modular evolution, two parts with different jobs join together and pick up a new job.
The only known example in nature of a part that can spin all the way around to push an organism is the flagellum. The flagellum is a tail used like a propeller to push single-celled prokaryotes. The bacterial flagellum is the best known example. About half of all known bacteria have at least one flagellum. This means that rotation may actually be the most common way of moving around found in nature.

At the bottom of the bacterial flagellum, where it meets the cell membrane, a motor protein acts as an engine. This engine gets its power from proton motive force, the flow of protons (hydrogen ions) across the cell membrane. This is caused by a concentration gradient (a difference in the number of protons on each side of the membrane) created by the cell's metabolism. (Bacteria called "Vibrio" use two kinds of flagella, one of which is powered by sodium ions instead.) Flagella are very efficient, meaning not much energy is wasted. They can push bacteria as fast as 60 times their length every second. The motor at the bottom of the flagellum has a similar structure to ATP synthase. Bacteria called spirillum have twisted bodies with flagella on both ends. Spririllum bacteria spin around as they move.

A kind of organism called archaea, which are different from bacteria, also use flagella powered by rotating motor proteins. The two kinds of flagella evolved from different parts. Eukaryotic cells are a more complex kind of cell found in plants and animals. Some of these cells also have flagella called cilia, but these flagella do not rotate at the bottom. Instead, they bend so that the tip of the flagella moves in a circle.

The science of evolution can help to explain why multicellular organisms have not developed wheels. To put it simply, a complex structure (one made of several parts working together) can't evolve unless its early, unfinished form helps the organism to live and to have children.

In the modern science of evolution, adaptations (changes that affect the fitness of an organism) appear slowly, over many generations, by means of natural selection. Because of this, genetic changes usually only spread in a population if they do not lower the fitness of individuals. Neutral changes (changes that don't raise or lower fitness) can spread by genetic drift. In some cases, changes that lower fitness can spread, but large changes that take many steps can only spread if each of the steps raises fitness. The biologist Richard Dawkins describes the situation this way:

In this metaphor, fitness is a landscape, where useful traits are peaks and harmful ones are valleys. Wheels may be a very useful peak, but the valley around that peak is too low or too wide for the gene pool (the set of genes in the population) to move to it by genetic drift or natural selection. Stephen Jay Gould points out that evolution can only build with parts that are already available. He writes that, "wheels work well, but animals are debarred [(prevented)] from building them by structural constraints [(limits)] inherited as an evolutionary legacy."

Natural selection therefore explains why wheels have not appeared. A wheel without one or more of its important parts would probably not help an organism very much. However, the same is not true for the flagellum discussed above. As the flagellum evolved, different parts of other structures were used for a new purpose. The part that is now a rotating motor, called a basal body, may have evolved from a part that was used by bacteria to inject poisons into other cells. This use of existing parts is called "exaptation".

The biologist Robin Holliday has written that, because there are no living things with wheels, creationism and intelligent design (stories of life that claim an intelligent creator) are less likely to be right. Holliday argues that an intelligent creator, free from the limits of evolution, would use wheels in any place they would be useful.

People have found it fairly easy to build wheeled systems, even complex ones, and they have been able to solve problems of power transmission (moving energy from one place to another) and friction. However, the ways new organisms build themselves are very different from the ways humans build things. It is not clear that the processes of life would be able to make a wheel. The reasons for this are talked about below.

The greatest barrier to many-celled organisms with wheels is the interface (meeting point) between the parts that move and the parts that stay still. Wheels, or wheels and axles, need to be able to turn freely relative to the rest of the organism. Animal joints have a limited range of motion (the angle they can move), but wheels need to be able to turn through any angle without needing to be turned back. Because of this, wheels can't be attached to the axle or shaft that they turn on. No true many-celled organism is known to grow solid tissues or organs that are not attached to the rest of the organism.

To drive a wheel (that is, to make it turn), something must put a torque (twisting force) on it. For machines made by people, this torque is usually made by a motor. There are many kinds of motors, such as electric motors, turbines, and steam engines. Torque can also come from a person, as with a bicycle. In animals, movement is usually caused by skeletal muscles. These muscles get energy by metabolizing (breaking down) the nutrients in food. Skeletal muscles are attached with connective tissue to the bones they move, so they would not be useful for driving a wheel directly. Also, animals use their muscles in cycles - joints move in one direction, then the other, instead of moving in one direction constantly. Large animals cannot gain speed very quickly, because it is more difficult for muscles to pull against a large inertia (the resistance of a heavy object to movement).

In most machines, a lubricant (like oil or grease) or a bearing is used to limit friction (rubbing) between moving parts. Keeping friction down is important for limiting wear damage to the parts, and for keeping the parts from getting too hot. The faster the parts move, or the more force between them, the more important it is to reduce friction. In animal joints like the human knee, friction is reduced with a tissue called cartilage that has a low coefficient of friction, and a lubricating fluid called synovial fluid that has a low viscosity (resistance to flowing). Gerhard Scholtz, a professor at the ("Institute for Biology and Comparative Zoology") at Humboldt University of Berlin, has written that a similar lubricating fluid or material from dead cells could help an animal wheel to turn freely, but something like this has never been seen in nature.

Another problem is the flow of materials to and from a living wheel. If the tissues that form the wheel are living, then they must receive oxygen and nutrients and have wastes taken away in order to continue metabolism (the process of using energy to maintain functioning). A normal animal circulatory system (the network of tubes that allow blood to flow), would not be able to provide for the necessary flow of materials. Without blood flowing, materials would have to diffuse to and from the wheel. Diffusion is limited by partial pressure and surface area, by a rule called Fick's law of diffusion. For large animals, diffusion would not be enough to keep tissues alive. Instead of a living wheel, a wheel could be made of dead material like keratin, which makes up hair and nails.

In some environments, wheels are simply not as good as limbs for getting around. So it may be that, even if it were possible for wheels to evolve, they would not be found often in nature. In fact, given the limits of wheels, the main question can be turned around: instead of asking ""Why doesn't nature use wheels?"", the question becomes ""Why don't people build more machines with limbs?"" In engineering, wheels are often used instead of limbs, because limbs are more complex to design and control—not because wheels necessarily do the job better.

On hard, flat ground, like paved roads, hard wheels are more energy efficient than other ways of moving around. However, wheels are not as efficient (they take more energy to move) on soft surfaces, like soils, because they have to deal with "rolling resistance". In rolling resistance, a vehicle loses energy as the shape of the wheel and the surface are deformed (changed), and the surface pushes back against the wheel. Smaller wheels have to deal with more resistance for their size than larger wheels. Softer surfaces deform more than hard surfaces, and they don't come back to their starting shape as well. This causes greater resistance. Compared to concrete, the resisting force on medium-hard soil can be five to eight times greater, and on sand it can be ten to fifteen times greater. While wheels must deform the surface along their entire path, limbs only cause a small deformation at the point that the foot touches the ground.

Rolling resistance is also the reason that some human civilizations didn't use wheels. During the Roman Empire, wheeled chariots were common in the Middle East and North Africa. However, when the Empire fell, wheels became less useful to the local people, who turned to camels to transport goods in the sandy desert climate. Stephen Jay Gould wrote about this strange fact of history in his book "Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes". He wrote that without maintained roads, camels needed less human power and water than a cart pulled by oxen.

When moving in water, rotating mechanisms are more efficient only when the "Reynolds number" of the flow is very low. The Reynolds number is a way to describe the behavior of a flow—in a flow with a low Reynolds number, like those in which bacteria move, viscosity is the most important effect to consider. In flows with high Reynolds numbers, inertia is the most important effect, and mechanisms that "oscillate", or move back and forth, are more efficient. Although ship propellers usually have an efficiency near 60%, and aircraft propellers around 80% (up to 88% in the human-powered "Gossamer Condor"), oscillating foils like fish tails and bird wings can be as efficient as 96%−98%.

Wheels can slip, meaning they fail to get a grip, on loose or slippery ground. Slipping wastes energy, and can lead to loss of control or becoming unable to move. This happens to cars on mud, ice, and snow. Where wheels have this problem, people sometimes use other mechanisms instead. In the logging industry, vehicles with legs are sometimes used to reach areas that are more difficult than what wheels can deal with. Vehicles with tracks, like tanks, don't slip as much as vehicles with wheels, because they have a larger area touching the surface. However, vehicles with tracks often have a larger turning radius than wheeled vehicles, meaning they take more space to turn. They are also less efficient, and more complex to build.

The engineer Mieczysław G. Bekker showed that in natural terrain, small obstacles are much more common than large ones. This is called a "log-normal" distribution. This means that obstacles are a problem for wheeled vehicles of all sizes. The main ways of dealing with obstacles are to go around them, and to go over them.

The most common types of steering do not include separate articulation (joints for bending) for each wheel, so they have a limited turning radius. This limits how well these kinds of vehicles can move around where there are a large number of obstacles.

Michael LaBarbera of the University of Chicago shows the limited turning radius of wheels by comparing humans walking with humans in wheelchairs. Jared Diamond points out that most examples of rolling in nature are found in wide open, hard terrain. This includes the use of rolling by dung beetles and tumbleweeds.

Wheels are bad at dealing with vertical (upright) obstacles, especially obstacles about the same size as the wheel itself. If a vehicle or animal can move its center of mass, then the largest vertical obstacles that can be climbed are half as high as the wheel. If the center of mass cannot be moved, the highest obstacle that can be climbed is one eighth to one quarter the height of the wheel.

Also, without joints, a wheeled vehicle can become stuck (unable to move) on top of an obstacle, with the obstacle between the wheels so they don't touch the ground. Limbs, unlike wheels, are useful for climbing, and can deal with difficult terrain.

For wheels without joints, climbing obstacles will cause the body of the vehicle to tilt. If the weight of the vehicle moves outside of the wheels, the vehicle can tip over because of "static instability". At high speed, a vehicle's inertia can cause it to become "dynamically unstable". This means it can be tipped over by a smaller obstacle, or simply by turning or changing speed too quickly. Without jointed limbs, it can be impossible to recover from being tipped over.

Limbs used by animals to move over terrain are often also used for other purposes, such as holding and manipulating things, climbing, swinging from branches, swimming, digging, jumping, throwing, kicking, and grooming. Without joints, wheels are not as useful as limbs for these jobs.

The hoop snake is an animal described in legend in the United States and Australia. The snake is said to hold its tail in its mouth and roll like a wheel towards its victims. The Japanese Tsuchinoko is a similar legendary animal.

The 1944 science fiction short story "Arena", by Fredric Brown, includes a telepathic (mind-reading) alien called an "Outsider". The Outsider is shaped like a ball and moves by rolling. A 1967 "" episode with the same name was based on the story. A 1964 episode of "The Outer Limits" called "Fun and Games" may have been based on the same story. Neither television episode included a rolling animal.

The Dutch artist M. C. Escher invented an animal that he named "Pedalternorotandomovens centroculatus articulosus". This animal was able to roll itself forward like a wheel. Escher drew the animal in his 1951 picture (also known by the English title "Curl-up").

A 1956 Scrooge McDuck comic by Carl Barks, "Land Beneath the Ground!", included "Terries" and "Fermies", characters who move from place to place by rolling like a bowling ball. The Terries and Fermies have turned their rolling into a sport, causing earthquakes in the process.

"Tuf Voyaging", a 1986 science fiction novel by George R. R. Martin, includes a type of alien called a "Rolleram", which kills its victim by rolling over it.

In the "Sonic the Hedgehog" video game series, the main character Sonic and his sidekick Tails move by rolling. The "Sonic the Hedgehog" series first appeared in 1991.

The 1995 short story "Microbe", by Kenyon College biologist and feminist science fiction writer Joan Slonczewski, is about a trip to explore an alien world, where the plant and animal life is entirely made of doughnut-shaped organisms.
L. Frank Baum's 1907 children's book "Ozma of Oz" includes human-like creatures with wheels instead of hands and feet, called "Wheelers".

The 1968 novel "The Goblin Reservation" by Clifford D. Simak includes an intelligent kind of alien that uses natural wheels.

Piers Anthony's 1977 book "Cluster" and its sequels (the later books in the same series) include a type of aliens called Polarians. The Polarians move around by holding and balancing on a large ball. The ball is a living part of the Polarian's body that can be removed temporarily.

David Brin's "Uplift" Universe includes a kind of wheeled alien called the G'Kek. The G'Kek are described in the 1995 novel "Brightness Reef". In the 1996 novel "Infinity's Shore", the G'Kek are said to look like "a squid in a wheelchair." They suffer from arthritis in their axles as they become old, especially when living in an environment with high gravity.

A 1997 novel in the Animorphs series, "The Andalite Chronicles", includes a kind of aliens called Mortrons. The Mortrons are made of two separate living parts: a yellow and black bottom half with four wheels, and a long, red head with sharp teeth and hidden wings.

The 2000 novel "The Amber Spyglass", by English author Philip Pullman, includes a type of alien known as the Mulefa. The Mulefa have diamond-shaped (◊-shaped) bodies with one leg at the front and back and one leg on each side. The Mulefa use large, disc-shaped seed pods as wheels. They hold the pods on axles made of bone on their front and back legs, while pushing themselves with their side legs. The Mulefa and the seed pod trees have a symbiotic relationship, or a relationship that helps both sides: the Mulefa use the seed pods as wheels, and the seed pod trees depend on the rolling to crack open the pods and allow the seeds to spread.

In the 2000 novel "Wheelers", by English mathematician Ian Stewart and biologist Jack Cohen, a kind of alien called "blimps" can grow machines called "wheelers", which use wheels to move.

The 2009 Disney children's television series Jungle Junction includes jungle animals with wheels instead of legs. One of these animals, "Ellyvan", is a hybrid (a combination) of an elephant and a van. These animals move around their home on highways.

Idris Sardi

Idris Sardi (June 7, 1938 – April 28, 2014) was an Indonesian violinist. His career lasted for nearly 50 years until retiring in 2013 because of ill health. Sardi was born to Mas Sardi, an Indonesian composer, and Hadidjah, an Indonesian actress.

Sardi died at Meilia Hospital in Cibubur, Indonesia from an illness. He was 75 years old.

Cordial (candy)

A cordial is a kind of candy in which a fruit filling is placed within a chocolate shell. A common candy of this kind is the cherry cordial.

June Angela

June Angela (born June Angela Profanato, August 1959) is an American actress, tap dancer and singer. She was 10 years old in season 1 (1969-1970) of "Sesame Street" (where she cameo appeared) and 12-17 and 49 years old in seasons 1-7 (1971-1977, 2006 and 2009) of "The Electric Company".

2011 Tuscaloosa–Birmingham tornado

The 2011 Tuscaloosa–Birmingham tornado involved several strong tornadoes in Alabama. It took place on April 27, 2011. The tornado was a violent EF4 multiple vortex event which caused over $2 billion in damage.

Early reports indicated 65 people were killed, with over 1,000 injured. However, this was revised to 64 deaths and more than 1,500 injuries.


Donald Sterling

Donald Tokowitz Sterling (born April 26, 1934) is an American business magnate and former attorney.

Sterling was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Sterling studied at the University of California, Los Angeles and at Southwestern Law School. He was raised as Jewish.

He was the owner of the Los Angeles Clippers in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Sterling bought the Clippers in 1981 for $12.5 million, and as of 2014, the team is valued at $575 million by "Forbes" magazine, ranking them 18th out of 30 teams. At 33 seasons of ownership (1981 to present), Sterling was the longest-tenured owner in the NBA since the death of Los Angeles Lakers majority owner Jerry Buss on February 18, 2013 up until his suspension on April 29, 2014.

Sterling was married to Rochelle Stern. They had six children. He lives in Los Angeles, California.

On April 25, 2014, "TMZ Sports" released what it said is an April 9, 2014 audio recording of a conversation between Sterling and V. Stiviano. According to TMZ, Sterling and Stiviano argued in regards to a photo Stiviano posted on Instagram in which she posed with Magic Johnson. In the audio recording, Sterling allegedly tells Stiviano: "It bothers me a lot that you want to broadcast that you’re associating with black people." On April 29, 2014, the University of California, Los Angeles announced that it was rejecting a $3 million gift from Sterling. On April 29, 2014, Sterling was banned from the NBA for life and fined $2.5 million by the NBA after recordings of him making racist comments were made public.

In 2012, Sterling began treatment for prostate cancer. In May 2014, it was announced that Sterling was in the early developing stages of Alzheimer's disease.


Dean Acheson

Dean Gooderham Acheson (pronounced ; April 11, 1893 – October 12, 1971) was an American statesman and lawyer. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Acheson was born in Middletown, Connecticut. He studied at Yale College and at Harvard Law School. He married Alice Stanley in 1917.

Acheson served as the 51st United States Secretary of State under President Harry S. Truman. He served as Secretary of State from January 1949 to January 1953. He helped defend America's foreign policy during the break of the Cold War.

Acheson's most famous decision was convincing President Truman to intervene in the Korean War in June 1950. He also persuaded Truman to dispatch aid and advisors to French forces in Indochina, though in 1968 he finally counseled President Lyndon B. Johnson to negotiate for peace with North Vietnam.

During the Cuban Missile Crisis, President John F. Kennedy called upon Acheson for advice, bringing him into the executive committee (ExComm), a strategic advisory group.

Acheson and his wife Alice had three children; David, Jane, and Mary. He remained married to Alice until his death in 1971. He retired shortly after 1955.

Acheson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1964 by President Lyndon B. Johnson. He also won a Pulitzer Prize for History in 1970.

Acheson died in Sandy Spring, Maryland from a massive stroke. He was 78 years old. He was survived by his two surviving children, David and Mary. He was buried at Oak Hill Cemetery in Washington, D.C..


Sandy Spring, Maryland

Sandy Spring, Maryland is an unincorporated community in Montgomery County, Maryland.

Overbrook, Kansas

Overbrook is a city in Osage County, Kansas.

Little Talks

"Little Talks" is a 2011 debut single by Of Monsters and Men. The song came from the album "My Head is an Animal".

In August 2012, the song hit #1 in Ireland on the Irish Singles Chart. It also hit #20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

"Little Talks" was later certified platinum in the United States.

Minnesota City, Minnesota

Minnesota City is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is in the southeast part of the state. It is near Winona. 

The population was 202 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Ridgway, Colorado

Ridgway is a city in Ouray County, Colorado.

Lynwood, California

Lynwood is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Lynwood, Illinois

Lynwood is a village in Cook County, Illinois.

Cedarville, Illinois

Cedarville is a village in Stephenson County, Illinois.

Cedarville has a population of 663 people, as of 2020.

Buddy Rich

Bernard "Buddy" Rich (September 30, 1917 – April 2, 1987) was an American jazz drummer and bandleader. Rich was known as "the world's greatest drummer" and for his virtuoso technique, power, groove, and speed. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Rich died in Los Angeles, California from heart failure, aged 69.

Buddy Roemer

Charles Elson "Buddy" Roemer III (October 4, 1943 – May 17, 2021) was an American politician and banker. He served as the 52nd Governor of Louisiana from 1988 to 1992. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1981 to 1988.

Roemer was a candidate for the presidential nominations of the Republican Party and the Reform Party in 2012.

In March 1991, while serving as governor, Roemer switched his party from the Democratic to the Republican Party. In 2012, he became a member of the Reform Party. A year later, Roemer switched parties to become a Republican again.

Roemer was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. His parents were Charles Elson "Budgie" Roemer, II and Adeline McDade. He was raised in Bossier City.

In 1964, he graduated from Harvard College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics. In 1967, he received an MBA in finance from Harvard Business School. After college, Roemer returned to Louisiana to work in his father’s computer business and later founded two banks. He was elected in 1972 as a delegate to the Louisiana Constitutional Convention held in 1973.

As a member of Congress, Roemer Louisiana's 1st congressional district in the northwestern section of the state, anchored about Shreveport and Bossier City. After his 1980 election victory, Roemer won congressional re-election without opposition in 1982, 1984, and 1986.

In Congress, Roemer frequently supported Reagan policy initiatives and fought with the Democratic congressional leadership, though he remained in the party. He also criticized then Democratic House leader Tip O'Neill of Massachusetts for being "too liberal".

After Roemer left the House to become governor, he was succeeded by his administrative assistant, Republican Jim McCrery.

Roemer was one of a large number of Democratic candidates to challenge three-term incumbent governor Edwin Edwards. Roemer won the election by winning 33% of the vote compared to Edwards' 28%.

Roemer entered the governor's office on March 14, 1988. In October 1989, voters rejected a number of Roemer tax initiatives but approved a constitutional amendment for transportation improvements. Facing a $1.3 billion deficit in the state budget, his first job was eliminating the deficit. Roemer called a special session of the legislature to push an ambitious tax and fiscal reform program for state and local governments. He vowed to slash spending, abolish programs, and close state-run institutions. Voters rejected his proposals in a statewide constitutional referendum.

In March 1991, Roemer switched to the Republican Party just months before the state elections, apparently at the urging of Bush White House Chief of Staff John H. Sununu. Roemer lost his re-election after loosing the Republican primary to David Duke. Duke would soon loose to Edwin Edwards.

Roemer left office on January 13, 1992. He would run again for the Republican nomination for governor, but lost to Mike Foster.

In the summer of 2004, Roemer briefly considered entering the race to succeed retiring U.S. Senator John Breaux. Roemer shortly after decided not to run for the senate.

In January 2011, Roemer told Baton Rouge television station WAFB that he was considering a bid for the U.S. presidency in 2012. On July 21, 2011 at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, Roemer announced his entry as a candidate for the Republican nomination for President. On November 30, 2011, Roemer officially announced that he would seek the Americans Elect nomination. On February 23, 2012, Roemer dropped out of the GOP nomination to seek the Reform Party's nomination. On May 17, 2012, Americans Elect announced that it would not run a candidate in the 2012 presidential elections.

On May 31, 2012, he announced that he was ending his 2012 presidential campaign altogether, citing the lack of ballot access to be the reason

Roemer was married to Cookie Delmer until they divorced. Then he married Patti Crocker until they divorced. He was married Scarlett Roemer. Roemer had three children with Delmer.

Roemer died at his home in Baton Rouge, Louisiana from problems caused by diabetes, aged 77.



Peg Phillips

Peg Phillips (September 20, 1918 – November 7, 2002) was an American actress. She is best known for playing storekeeper Ruth-Anne Miller on the television series "Northern Exposure". Phillips was born in Everett, Washington.

Phillips died from lung disease in Seattle, Washington, aged 84.

William Demarest

Carl William Demarest (February 27, 1892 – December 28, 1983) was an American character actor. He is best known for playing Uncle Charley in "My Three Sons". He was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota.

Demarest died from prostate cancer and pneumonia in Palm Springs, California, aged 91.

Swedish Chef

The Swedish Chef is a Muppet character that appeared on "The Muppet Show". He was voiced by Jim Henson and performed by Jim Henson and Frank Oz. Since Jim Henson's death, he has been played by Bill Barretta. He is known for not speaking English, but instead a fake version of the Swedish language, mostly just saying "Børk". 

Wapakoneta, Ohio

Wapakoneta is a city in Ohio. It is the county seat of Auglaize County.

Edcouch, Texas

Edcouch is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas.

Charleston, Mississippi

Charleston is a city in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi.

Pine nut

Pine nuts are the edible seeds of pines (family Pinaceae, genus "Pinus"). About 20 species of pine produce seeds large enough to be worth harvesting. Other pines have edible seeds too small to be useful as a human food.

Pine nuts have been eaten in Europe and Asia since the Paleolithic period. They are often added to meat, fish, salads and vegetable dishes or baked into bread. In Italian they are called "pinoli". They are an essential part of Italian pesto sauce.

Pine nuts can be pressed to extract pine nut oil, which is valued for its mild, nutty flavour. The large edible seeds of the Southern Hemisphere conifer genus "Araucaria" produce nuts rather like pine nuts. 

Fernando Gómez

Fernando Gómez may refer to:

International Geographical Union

The International Geographical Union (IGU; , "UGI") is an international association of geographical organizations around the world. The organization was established in 1922 in Belgium after the first geographical congress, which was in 1871.

The Union has 34 Commissions and four task forces. One of these commissions is the Urban Geography Commission. This compares cities in the capitalist economy world and cities in the socialist economy world. It was created at the UGI conference in Moscow in 1976. It was proposed by Prof. Kasimierz Dziewonski from Poland.


International Festival of Geography

The International Geography Festival is an event held every year by the Association for the Development of FIG (ADFIG). It is related to geography. It is held in Saint-Dié-des-Vosges in France. It was first held in 1990. The festival is under the patronage of the International Geographical Union.


Argument from authority

Argument from authority or appeal to authority is a form of argument or reasoning that argues if a person with authority in a field makes a statement about it, it is probably true. It could become a fallacy if it is misused.

In informal reasoning, the appeal to authority is an argument of the form:

The argument is good in some conditions. For example, a person says, "I need to take my medication because my doctor told me to." Doctors are trained, know much about medication, and probably have experience giving medication before. The person is appealing to a real authority with supported data that makes the authority probably right.

The argument is bad when there is a false authority or unclear authority. For example, "I know X is true because it said so on the internet." The complete internet has no authority because any person on the internet can say anything they want. A part of the internet may have authority, but it is unclear because the argument was not specific.

Bimbo Coles

Vernell Eufaye "Bimbo" Coles (born 1968) is a retired American basketball player. He played for 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was also nicknamed "Colsie".

Vernell Coles was born Apr 22, 1968 in Covington, Virginia. Coles was a standout at Greenbrier East High School in Lewisburg, West Virginia. He played his college basketball for the Virginia Tech Hokies for four seasons (1986–87 to 1989–90). He was a member of the United States 1988 Olympic basketball team which won a bronze medal. His NBA career started when he was selected by the Sacramento Kings in the 1990 NBA Draft. He was immediately traded to the Miami Heat in exchange for veteran guard Rory Sparrow. After Coles' first of the two times he played with the Miami Heat, he was traded to the Golden State Warriors. He also played for the Atlanta Hawks, Cleveland Cavaliers, and Boston Celtics. He was utilized primarily as a backup point guard.

Coles is now the fitness director of CountryRoads Crossfit. It is a physical fitness center in Lewisburg, West Virgina. In February of 2011, Coles was inducted into the West Virginia Sports Hall of Fame.


Tornado outbreak of March 2–3, 2012

The March 2–3, 2012 tornado outbreak was several tornadoes that hit the Southern United States and Ohio Valley. Two of them were EF4 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale. This included Ohio and Kentucky.

The storms killed 43 people.

Brampton Bryan Castle

Brampton Bryan Castle is a castle in the small village of Brampton Bryan in north-western Herefordshire, England, 50m south of the River Teme. The castle guarded an important road from Ludlow along the Teme Valley to Knighton and on into Central Wales.

The castle is listed in the Domesday Book (1086). In 1295 it was described as a "tower with curtilage". The castle was almost entirely destroyed during the Civil War. The ruins that are still standing include an outer gate house, parts of the inner gatehouse, part of the south wall of the kitchen, and the great hall.

When Bryan de Brampton died in 1294, his son-in-law, Robert Harley, inherited the castle. For almost 700 years since the castle has remained in the Harley family. During the Civil War, the castle was defended by Lady Brilliana Harley, the wife of Robert Harley. Harley was a puritan and a Member of Parliament.

University of Lausanne

The University of Lausanne is a university in Lausanne, Switzerland. It was founded in 1537 as a school of theology, before being made a university in 1890. Today about 12,000 students and 2200 researchers study and work at the university. Approximately 1500 international students attend the university.


St. John's Co-Cathedral

St. Johns Co-Cathedral () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Valletta, Malta. It was built by the Knights of Malta between 1573 and 1578. It was commissioned (ordered to be built) in 1572 by Grand Master Jean de la Cassière. He made it the main church of the Order of the Knights Hospitaller of St John, also known as the Knights of Malta. The Church was designed by the Maltese architect Glormu Cassar (Girolamo Cassar). The church is considered to be one of the finest examples of high Baroque architecture in Europe.

Silkworm (missile)

The Silkworm missile was the NATO reporting name for these kinds of Chinese anti-ship missiles:


These missiles were the Chinese version of the Soviet P-15 Termit missile. They used hot launch mechanism for launching the missile from ships.


Transglutaminase

A transglutaminase is an enzyme that forms a chemical bond between two protein molecules. The reaction also produces a molecule of ammonia. Transglutaminases were first described in 1959. In 1968 it was discovered they form a role in blood coagulation.

Transglutaminase have many uses. They can be used as a binding agent to improve the texture of protein-rich foods such as surimi or ham. Other examples of foods made using transglutaminase include imitation crabmeat, and fish balls.

Muppets Most Wanted

Muppets Most Wanted is a 2014 American-German-Spanish-Irish-British musical comedy caper film produced by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the eighth movie featuring the Muppets. It was directed by James Bobin and written by Bobin and Nicholas Stoller. Muppets Most Wanted is a sequel to 2011's "The Muppets" and stars Ricky Gervais, Ty Burrell, and Tina Fey. In "Muppets Most Wanted", the Muppets find themselves unwittingly involved in an international crime caper while on tour in Europe.

The majority of the production team behind "The Muppets" returned for "Muppets Most Wanted". This was including Bobin, Stoller, producers David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman of Mandeville Films. Music supervisor Bret McKenzie also returned. The movie started filming in January 2013 at Pinewood Studios in London. "Muppets Most Wanted" premiered March 11, 2014 in Los Angeles, California and was released in North America on March 21, 2014.

Ricardo Mórtola

Ricardo Mórtola Di Puglia (c. 1950 – 22 April 2014) was an Ecuadorian architect and businessman. He was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He was known for constructing Estadio Monumental Isidro Romero Carbo in Barcelona. He won many awards during his twenty-year career.

Mórtola died in Guayaquil, Ecuador from respiratory arrest caused by testicular cancer, aged 63.

Windows 2.x

Windows 2.x is a graphical personal computer operating system developed by Microsoft. It was said to look almost the same to the first Mac OS and more closely matched Microsoft's pre-release publicity for Windows 1.0.

Five months after the release of Windows 2.03, Microsoft released Windows 2.10, and after 10 months, Windows 2.11. They were the first versions that required an Intel 80286 or 80386 processor to run.


Iveta Bartošová

Iveta Bartošová (8 April 1966 – 29 April 2014) was a Czech singer and actress. She played in the music poll Zlatý slavík (1986, 1990 and 1991). She was also known for her life style attracting the attention of the Czech tabloid media. She was born in Čeladná, Czech Republic.

On 29 April 2014, she committed suicide by throwing herself under a train in Uhříněves, Prague. Many people think that the reason why she committed suicide was because of the media harassing her.

 

Tahar Chaïbi

Tahar Chaïbi (17 February 1946 – 29 April 2014) was a Tunisian footballer. He played as a midfielder for Club Africain and the national team. He was born in Tunis, Tunisia.

Chaïbi died from complications from a stroke, aged 68.

Michael Kadosh

Michael "Lufa" Kadosh (April 23, 1940 in Alexandria - April 29, 2014) was a former Israeli footballer. He worked as the manager of Hapoel Jerusalem. He won many awards during his 50 year career.

Kadosh died on 29 April 2014 from cancer at the age of 74.

Dennis Kamakahi

The Rev. Dennis David Kahekilimamaoikalanikeha Kamakahi (March 31, 1953 – April 28, 2014) was an American slack key guitarist, recording artist, music composer, and Christian minister. He has won multiple Grammy Awards. In 2009 was inducted into the Hawaiian Music Hall of Fame. Kamakahi was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.

Kamakahi died in Honolulu, Hawaii from lung cancer, aged 61.

West Covina, California

West Covina is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Wall cloud

Wall clouds (or pedestal clouds) are localized, large and persistent lowering cloud formations that develop below the rain-free region of thunderstorms. Rotating wall clouds are indicative of mesocyclones in thunderstorms. Wall clouds do not always rotate, though.

Wall clouds are formed by a process known as entrainment, when an inflow of warm, moist air rises and overpowers rain-cooled air during a downwind downdraft.

Technical support scam

A technical support scam is a form of telephone fraud that tricks people by pretending that they are a service which helps people fix their computers. In most cases they convince the victim they have a computer problem that does not actually exist. A common type is when someone gets a call from someone (usually from places like India) pretending to be from a company that sounds real such as "Microsoft" or "Windows" support. Often the caller tries to gain the victim's trust. They may use confusing and very technical language to sound authentic. They may ask the victim to perform several tasks on their computer. Often they target legitimate files on the victim's computer saying these are viruses. These tactics are designed to scare people into letting the scammer fix the problem (that does not really exist). The caller may have the victim install malicious software that could capture sensitive data, such as online banking passwords or credit card information.

Santeria (song)

"Santeria" is the second single off American ska punk band Sublime's third and final studio album "Sublime". The song was released on January 7, 1997. 

The title of the song refers to Santería, a religion practiced in the Caribbean. The song tells a story about a jealous ex-boyfriend that plans to take revenge out on the man that stole his girlfriend. He mentions using violent force when he talks about "popping a cap in Sancho" and "putting that barrel straight down Sancho's throat". Lead singer Bradley Nowell refers to the man as "sancho" and his ex-girlfriend as "heina". In Mexico, "sancho" is often used to describe a man who steals another man's girlfriend. "heina" is used to describe a man's woman or girlfriend.

The song was featured in the 2008 video game "Guitar Hero World Tour" and as a downloadable song in the 2010 video game "Rock Band 3". The song was also featured in the 2012 movie "This Is 40".

What I Got

"What I Got" is the first single off American ska punk band Sublime's third and final studio album "Sublime". The song was released on August 27, 1996.

It is the band's biggest radio hit and was one of the most popular singles of 1997 in the United States. When the song was released, it was able to reach #1 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart and was also a mainstream Top 40 hit, reaching #29 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay. The song was ranked #83 in "Rolling Stone"'s "100 Greatest Guitar Songs of All Time".

The song was featured in the 2010 video game "Rock Band 3", the 2011 video game "", the 2000 video game "Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX", and the 2009 video game "Guitar Hero 5".

Deep Green Resistance

Deep Green Resistance (DGR) is an environmental movement. It was started by Derrick Jensen, Lierre Keith, and Aric McBay in 2011. DGR is radical feminist.


List of motorways in the United Kingdom

This is the list of motorways in the United Kingdom. Great Britain has a road numbering system, and Northern Ireland has its own road numbering system.


