Dixie Carter

Dixie Virginia Carter (May 25, 1939, McLemoresville, Tennessee – April 10, 2010, Houston, Texas), was an American movie, television and stage actress. She was best known for playing Julia Sugarbaker in the television series "Designing Women" (1986-1993). She competed in Miss Tennessee pageants in 1959.

Carter was born in McLemoresville, Tennessee, and spent many of her early years in Memphis. She attended college at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville and Southwestern at Memphis (now Rhodes College). She was a graduate of Memphis State with a degree in English.

She divorced Arthur Carter in 1977, and married Broadway and TV actor George Hearn the same year. Two years later, in 1979, she divorced Hearn. She married for the third time on May 27, 1984, to Hal Holbrook (14 years her senior), who is most noted for his appearances as Mark Twain. Carter renovated her old family home in McLemoresville with the designs of architect Hoyte Johnson of Atlanta.

She and Holbrook divided their time between their homes in Beverly Hills, California, and McLemoresville, Tennessee, where Carter's elderly father, Halbert, resided until his death in early 2007, at age 96.

Carter died on April 10, 2010, in Houston, Texas. Her death was announced by her husband, actor Hal Holbrook, who stated the cause as complications from endometrial cancer which was diagnosed earlier in 2010. In addition to Holbrook, she is survived by her daughters from her first marriage: Ginna Carter (of Los Angeles) and Mary Dixie Carter (of Brooklyn) as well as a sister, Melba Helen Heath (of San Anselmo, California) and several nephews and nieces. In addition to family, her funeral, held on April 15, 2010, was attended by "Designing Women" co-stars Delta Burke, Annie Potts and Jean Smart. Dixie Carter was interred in her hometown, McLemoresville, Tennessee.


Bouvier des Flandres

The Bouvier des Flandres is a breed of dog that originated in Flanders. They are now known to be guard dogs, police dogs and pets. They were originally known for cattle droving, sheep herding, and cart pulling. Their name means "Cow Herder of Flanders" in English.

Peter Forsberg

Peter Mattias "Foppa" Forsberg (born July 20, 1973 in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden) is a retired Swedish ice hockey center.

Forsberg was known for his on-ice vision and physical play when he was on the ice. Forsberg won the Stanley Cup in 1996 and again in 2001 while part of the Colorado Avalanche. Forsberg played his NHL career while a part of 4 teams and had a career that spanned over 15 NHL seasons. Forsberg also played in the Swedish Elite League for the Modo Hockey. Forsberg announced that he would make a return to the NHL on January 21, 2011 but later retired after only 2 road games.


Marie François Sadi Carnot

Marie François Sadi Carnot (; 11 August 1837 – 25 June 1894) was a French statesman, the fourth president of the Third French Republic. He served as the President of France from 1887 until he was murdered by Sante Geronimo Caserio in 1894.

Carnot had a reputation for honesty, this made him a popular candidate to succeed Jules Grévy who had resigned following a scandal. He was elected by 616 votes out of 827. He assumed office at a critical period, when the republic was all but openly attacked by.

Carnot's popularity helped to force General Boulanger into exile. Boulanger was a conservative and a supporter of the monarchy, and it was feared he would try to overthrow the Republic.

Carnot was near his most popular, when, on 24 June 1894, he attended a public banquet in Lyon. Afterwards he was stabbed by an Italian anarchist named Sante Geronimo Caserio and died shortly after midnight on 25 June. The stabbing aroused widespread horror and grief, and the president was honoured with an elaborate funeral ceremony in the Panthéon.



Leaf insect

The family Phylliidae (often misspelt 'Phyllidae') includes the living true leaf insects or walking leaves, which include some of the most remarkable leaf mimics in the entire animal kingdom. They occur from South Asia through Southeast Asia to Australia. There are different views about their taxonomy.

Leaf insects use camouflage to take on the appearance of a leaf. They do this so accurately that predators often cannot distinguish them from real leaves. In some species the edge of the leaf insect's body even has the appearance of bite marks. To further confuse predators, when the leaf insect walks, it rocks back and forth, to mimic a real leaf being blown by the wind.

They and stick insects go together in the Order Phasmatodea.

The scholar Antonio Pigafetta may have been the first to document the creature. Sailing with Ferdinand Magellan's circumnavigational expedition, he studied and chronicled the fauna on the island of Cimbonbon as the fleet hauled ashore for repairs.


Dictyoptera

Dictyoptera includes two orders of insects – cockroackes and temites (Blattodea), and mantids (Mantodea).

While all modern Dictyoptera have short ovipositors, the oldest fossils of Dictyoptera have long ovipositors, much like members of the Orthoptera.

The term Dictyoptera is usually considered a superorder, with Isoptera, Blattaria and Mantodea being its three orders. In some classifications, however, Dictyoptera is shifted to order status. 

Regardless, in all classifications the three constituent groups are the same, just treated at different rank. Termites and cockroaches are very closely related, with ecological and molecular data pointing to a relationship with the cockroach genus "Cryptocercus".

Based on genetic evidence, the closest living relatives of the Dictyoptera are the phasmids. If the Dictyoptera are a superorder they might be included in it.

Frances Fisher

Frances Fisher (born 11 May 1952) is an England-born American actress. She played Strawberry Alice for 1992's "Unforgiven". She also played Ruth DeWitt Bukater in the 1997 movie "Titanic". Both movies won the Academy Award for "Best Pictuce". Before those, Fisher starred in the soap opera "The Edge of Night" (1976–1981).

Fisher was born in Milford on Sea, Hampshire, England.

Fisher supported Senator Bernie Sanders for President in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.

Fredonia, Kansas

Fredonia is a city in Wilson County, Kansas, United States. The population was 2,151 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Wilson County.

Grylloblattidae

Grylloblattidae is a family of extremophile and wingless insects that live in the cold on top of mountains. 

They are commonly called grylloblattids, but are also sometimes called ice crawlers or icebugs. 

Most are nocturnal and appear to feed on detritus (rubbish). They have long antennae (23–45 segments) and long cerci (appendages on the rear; 5–8 segments), but no wings. 

Their closest living relatives are the recently-discovered Mantophasmatidae.

The family is placed in its own suborder, Grylloblattodea, and sometimes in its own order, Grylloblattaria. It contains 5 genera and 25 species.

Paraneoptera

Paraneoptera is a monophyletic superorder of insects. 

It includes four orders, the bark lice, true lice, thrips, and hemipterans, the true bugs. 

The mouthparts of the Paraneoptera reflect diverse feeding habits. Basal groups are microbial surface feeders, whereas more advanced groups feed on plant or animal fluids.

Hemiptera is an order of insects often known as the "true bugs" (bug). They are about 50,000–80,000 species of cicadas, aphids, planthoppers, leafhoppers, shield bugs, and others. They range in size from to around , and share a common arrangement of sucking mouthparts.

Psocoptera, the bark lice, include 4,400 described species arranged in 3 suborders. There are 50 families of bark lice with over 200 genera. This is the first insect order to show the beginnings of a transition to sucking mouthparts. It is sister group to the Phthiraptera. Bark lice are found on foliage, under bark, or in leaf litter.

Phthiraptera, the lice, includes 5,000 described species divided into 4 suborders. 

The body of a louse is dorsoventrally flattened and the eyes are absent or nearly so. The legs are strong for holding onto fur or feathers of the host. All species of lice are parasitic. Lice parasitise all orders of birds and most orders of mammals. 

Order Thysanoptera includes 5,500 species classified into two suborders. These insects are called thrips.

The mouth is in the form of an asymmetrical mouth cone, consisting of piercing stylets. Thrips are commonly found on and in flowers. Most species are phytophagous, feeding on flowers. 

Exopterygota

The Exopterygota are a superorder of insects. They are in the subclass Pterygota in the infraclass Neoptera. 

In Exopterygotes the young resemble adults but have externally-developing wings. They undergo a modest change between immature and adult, without going through a pupal stage. The nymphs develop gradually into adults through a process of moulting.

The Exopterygota are a diverse insect superorder, divided into eight orders. They include locusts, thrips, and lice among other types of insects.

They are distinguished from the Endopterygota (or Holometabola) by the way in which their wings develop. Endopterygota (meaning literally "internal winged forms") develop wings inside the body and undergo an elaborate metamorphosis involving a pupal stage. Exopterygota ("external winged forms") develop wings on the outside of their bodies without going through a true pupal stage, though a few have something resembling a pupa.

Xiphosura

Xiphosura is an order of marine chelicerates. It includes a large number of extinct lines and only four recent species in the family Limulidae, which include the horseshoe crabs. 

The group has hardly changed in millions of years. The modern horseshoe crabs look almost identical to prehistoric genera such as the Jurassic "Mesolimulus", and are considered to be living fossils.

Xiphosura are traditionally placed in the class Merostomata. This term was originally made for the eurypterids; now, with the Xiphosura added, it is known to be paraphyletic. 

Although the name Merostomata is still seen in textbooks, without reference to the Eurypterida, some have urged that this usage should be discouraged. The shared features of the two groups traditionally grouped in the Merostomata are now thought to be retentions of primitive conditions (symplesiomorphies).

The Xiphosura is basal to a clade comprising Eurypterida and Arachnida. It is estimated that the Xiphosura diverged from the Arachnida 480 million years ago.

Eurypterid

The eurypterids, related to arachnids, were the largest known arthropods. They are members of the extinct order Eurypterida. It is a most diverse Chelicerate order.

The largest, such as "Jaekelopterus", reached 2½ metres in length, but most species were less than 20 cm (8 inches). They were the largest arthropods of all time. They were predators which thrived in the warm, shallow seas and lakes of the Ordovician to the Permian periods, around 460 to 248 million years ago. Recent research suggsts their eyesight was not very good.

The move from the sea to fresh water probably occurred by the Pennsylvanian period. Eurypterids went extinct during the Permian–Triassic extinction event 251 million years ago, and their fossils have a near global distribution.

The typical eurypterid had a large, flat, semicircular carapace, followed by a jointed section, and finally a tapering, flexible tail, most ending with a long spine at the end ("Pterygotus", though, had a large flat tail, possibly with a smaller spine). Behind the head of the eurypterids were twelve body segments. These segments are formed by a dorsal plate, called a tergite, and a ventral plate, called a sternite. The tail, known as the telson, is spiked in most eurypterids.


Amblypygi

Amblypygi is an order of Arachnids also known as whip spiders or tailless whip scorpions. The name 'amblypygid' means "blunt rump", a reference to a lack of the telson (tail). They are harmless to humans.

The Amblypygs are in the subphylum Chelicerata of the phylum Arthropoda. The order has 5 families, 17 genera and about 155 species. They are found in tropical and subtropical regions worldwide. Some species are subterranean; many are nocturnal. During the day, they may hide under logs, bark, stones, or leaves. They prefer a humid environment.

Bushel

A bushel is an imperial unit of dry volume, equal to 4 pecks or 8 gallons. It is most often used in agriculture. A bushel is abbreviated as bsh. or bu.

Since the volume of a gallon in UK has been defined as the volume of ten pounds of water, the volume of a bushel in SI units is 36.3687 litres.

The United States bushel is slightly smaller than the British bushel because the American gallon is smaller than the British gallon. Its volume has been defined as 2150.42 cubic inches, which makes 35.2391 litres.

Adelina Patti

Adelina Patti (10 February 184327 September 1919) was a highly acclaimed Italian-French 19th-century opera diva, earning huge fees, sometimes $5000 in gold, at the height of her career in the music capitals of Europe and America. She first sang in public as a child in 1851, and gave her last performance before an audience in 1914.

She was born Adelina Juana Maria Patti, in Madrid, the last child of tenor Salvatore Patti (1800–1869) and soprano Caterina Barilli (died 1870). Her Italian parents were working in Madrid, Spain, at the time of her birth. Because her father came from Sicily, Patti was born a subject of the King of the Two Sicilies, but had a French passport for most of her life, as two of her three husbands were French. She settled in South Wales in 1903, and after her last concert, for the Red Cross, in 1914 she died there, of natural causes.

Lebanon (disambiguation)

Lebanon is a Middle Eastern country on the Mediterranean Sea.

Lebanon may also mean:







Oculocerebrorenal syndrome

Oculocerebrorenal syndrome (also called Lowe Syndrome) is a rare genetic disorder in humans. It affects the eyes, the brain and the kidneys. It is also known as Oculocerebrorenal syndrome. People with lowe syndrome are born with cataracts, that is the lenses of their eyes are not totally clear. Many people with the syndrome develop kidney problems at an early age. The brain develops differently, the development of the child happens slower. Such children may often have learning difficulties. Epilepsy can also occur.

The disorder is caused by a gene defect on the X-chromosome. As a result, much more boys are affected than girls. The syndrome is named after Dr. Charles Lowe, who first described it in 1952. Its occurrence is about one case in half a million live births.

Rubicon

The Rubicon is a river that flows into the Adriatic Sea south of Ravenna, Italy. In the time of Julius Caesar, a river with this name was the border between the Roman province Gallia Cisalpina, and Italy, which was not a province at the time. The exact river Caesar referred to is unknown; the river that is known as "Rubicone" today was selected and named by Benito Mussolini.

In Rainbows

In Rainbows is the seventh album by the band Radiohead. It was released on 10 October 2007. It was released by the band as a download, and people were able to choose how much they wanted to pay for it. Later, it was released in physical forms (such as vinyl and CD).

All songs written by Radiohead.


OK Computer

OK Computer is an album by the band Radiohead. It was released in 1997. It reached No.1 in the UK Albums Chart. Four singles were released from it. "Paranoid Android" reached No.3 in the UK. "No Surprises" reached No.4. It got good reviews. Pitchfork gave it 10 out of 10.

Many music writers and fans loved "OK Computer". Both English and American writers said the album would be important for a long time, and that the album was new and interesting. It was compared to "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", another famous and important album. In the English press, the album got good reviews in "NME", "Melody Maker", "The Guardian", and "Q". In North America, "Rolling Stone", "Spin", and Pitchfork Media published good reviews. In "The New Yorker", Alex Ross compared Radiohead's new and artistic music to the more classic rock sounds of Oasis. Ross wrote that "this band has pulled off one of the great art-pop balancing acts in the history of rock."

However, not all critics enjoyed the record. Robert Christgau from "The Village Voice" called it "arid" art rock.

The album appeared in many 1997 critics' lists and listener polls for best album of the year. Many magazines listed it as the best or second best of the year. It was a nominee for the 1997 Mercury Prize, a prestigious award recognising the best British or Irish album of the year.

Radiohead found it hard to deal with how much people liked "OK Computer". Some members of the band thought the press loved it too much. The band did not like that their songs were called "art" when they thought their songs were pop music. However, singer Thom Yorke was happy that some people understood his musical goals: "People got all the things, all the textures and the sounds and the atmospheres we were trying to create."

Niklas Bäckström

Niklas Oskar Bäckström (born February 13, 1978) is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender. He plays for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played in the SM-liiga for HIFK, SaiPa and Kärpät and in the Elitserien for AIK. He won the William M. Jennings Trophy in 2007 along with Manny Fernandez. He also played for Finland at the 2006 Winter Olympics where he won a silver medal and at the 2010 Winter Olympics where he won a bronze medal.

Marcin Gortat

Marcin Janusz Gortat (born February 17, 1984 in Łódź, Poland) is a Polish basketball player who currently plays for the Phoenix Suns as a Power forward and Center. 

He has also played for the Orlando Magic from 2008 to 2010 before being traded to the Phoenix Suns along with Vince Carter, Mickael Pietrus, a 2011 first-round draft pick, and $3 million for Hedo Türkoğlu, Jason Richardson, and Earl Clark.


Soulmate (song)

"Soulmate" is a 2007 song by the English singer and songwriter Natasha Bedingfield. The song was released during July 2007 in United Kingdom. It was not until late 2008 that this song was released in the United States. It got mixed to negative review from critics within the United Kingdom, though Soulmate did become commercial success. This song gained popularity in the U.S. after being played on an episode of MTV's "The Hills".

Achterhoek

Achterhoek (Dutch Low Saxon: "Achterhook") (literally in English: back-corner) is a region in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands. It consists of the eastern part of Gelderland, behind the IJssel river, except for the southwestern part, which consists of the region of (De) Liemers. The Achterhoek region borders the Salland and Twente regions (both province of Overijssel) in the north and the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia in the (south)east.

The Achterhoek lies in the Dutch Low Saxon language area and has a dialect of his own called Achterhooks.

Another name for the Achterhoek is the County of Zutphen, which was historically connected to Guelders

Significant towns include Aalten, Borculo, Bredevoort, Doetinchem, Eibergen, Geesteren, Groenlo, Hengelo, Lichtenvoorde, Neede, Silvolde, Varsseveld, Vragender, Winterswijk, Zelhem, and Zutphen.

Doetinchem, Winterswijk and Zutphen are the largest towns in the Achterhoek.

These 10 municipalities belong to the Achterhoek region:



Sally Kirkland

Sally Kirkland (born October 31, 1941) is an American movie and television actress. Kirkland was named after her mother. Her mother was a fashion editor for "Vogue" and "LIFE" magazines). She had small roles for 1970s movies ("The Sting", "The Way We Were" and "A Star is Born"). She also starred in many television roles in the soap operas "Valley of the Dolls" and "Days of Our Lives".

Kirkland was born in New York City.

Magnus Johansson

Magnus Johansson (born September 4, 1973 in Linköping, Sweden) is an Swedish ice hockey defenceman for the Linköpings HC of the SHL where he is also the captain. He has also played in the NHL for the Chicago Blackhawks for 1 season and the Florida Panthers for 1 season before being signing a contract with the Atlant Moscow Oblast of the KHL and then retured back to Linköpings HC where he was named the team's captain. 


Lorraine Bracco

Lorraine Bracco (born October 2, 1954) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Karen Hill in the 1990 movie "Goodfellas" and Jennifer Melfi in the HBO series "The Sopranos". She has also been in other movies, such as "Medicine Man" and "The Basketball Diaries".

Dejima

"Dejima Dutch Trading Post" is now a Japanese national historic site.

In 1543 Portuguese traders were the first to set foot in Japan, on the island of Tanegashima. Six years later Jesuit missionary Francis Xavier came to the island of Kyushu at Kagoshima. At first Portuguese traders were based in Hirado. Then they started a search for better port. In 1570 a powerful landowner or "daimyo" called Ōmura Sumitada became a Catholic. (He chose Bartolomeu as his Christian name.) He made a deal with the Portuguese to make Nagasaki better for trading. Soon the port was open. In 1580 Sumitada gave the jurisdiction of Nagasaki to the Jesuits. The Portuguese became the only ones trading silk with China through Macau. 

Shogun Iemitsu ordered the creation of the artificial island in 1634. He did this at first to keep the Portuguese merchants living in Nagasaki in one area. After a rebellion of the mostly Christian population in the Shimabara-Amakusa region, the Tokugawa government banned all Western nationals except the Dutch employees of the Dutch East India Company ("Vereenigde Oostindische Compagnie", VOC). Without the yearly Portuguese ships from Macau, the economy of Nagasaki suffered heavily.

Since 1609 the Dutch had a trading post on the island of Hirado. Government officials made the Dutch move from Hirado to Dejima. From 1641 on, only Chinese and Dutch ships were allowed to come to Japan.

Every ship that came to Dejima was inspected. The sails were taken off until that ship was ready to leave. Religious books and weapons were taken away. Religious services were not allowed on the island.

The island of Dejima was part of the city of Nagasaki. Dejima was small, 120 by 75 meters. 25 local Japanese families owned the land. They got a yearly rent from the Dutch. The island was linked to the mainland by a small bridge with guards. There were houses for about twenty Dutchmen and warehouses for goods. 

The Dutch were watched by a number of Japanese officials, gatekeepers and night watchmen. There was also a head supervisor ("otona") who had about fifty people working for him. There were a number of traders to sell the people on Dejima food and drink and other items they needed. There were also about 150 "tsūji" ("translators"). They all had to be paid by the "VOC". Like the city of Nagasaki, Dejima was under direct supervision of Edo by a governor ("Nagasaki bugyō").

It was very expensive for the Dutch to pay for their trading post. But their trade with Japan was very profitable for the "VOC". At first they made profits of 50% or more. Trade became less in the 18th century. This was because only two ships per year were allowed to dock at Dejima. The "VOC" had no more money in 1795, and went bankrupt. After that, the Dutch government took over the trade with Japan. Life on Dejima became especially difficult when the Netherlands (then called the Batavian Republic) was under French Napoleonic rule. All contact with the homeland was broken off. For a time Dejima was the only place in the world where the Dutch flag was flown because they were not ruled by France.

The most important Dutch official in Dejima was called the "Opperhoofd" by the Dutch. The Japanese also called him "Kapitan" (from Portuguese "capitão").

Lua

Lua is an open source programming language. It was created in 1993 by Roberto Ierusalimschy, Luiz Henrique de Figueiredo, and Waldemar Celes. Lua is used for many different things, especially in video games such as World of Warcraft, SimCity 4 and Transformice. It is also used in the popular virtual world sharing website Roblox under a dialect called Luau. In June 2010, Apple Inc. changed the terms of use for the software development kit of its iOS operating system to allow the use of Lua. This led to Lua being used to make iPhone applications such as Angry Birds. In June 2011, Lua was ranked the tenth most popular programming language by the TIOBE Index.

Lua was created in 1993 by Roberto Ierusalimschy, Luiz Henrique de Figueiredo, and Waldemar Celes. They are members of the Computers Graphics Technology Group (Tecgraf) at the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janerio.

From 1977 until 1992, Brazil had strong trade barriers for computer hardware and software; these barriers were called a market reserve. At the time, clients of Tecgraf could not afford software from abroad. They would have to go through a complicated process to prove their needs could not be met by Brazilian companies. This caused Tecgraf to implement its needed tools from scratch.

Lua followed SOL (Simple Object Language) and DEL (data-entry language). They are computer languages that described and managed data. They had been independently developed at Tecgraf for two different projects. These projects were for engineering applications for the Petrobras company. Petrobras later wanted more power in SOL and DEL. They lacked functions to control flow.

Lua’s syntax for control flow was mostly borrowed from Modula. It also taken influence from other programming languages: CLU for multiple inputs and outputs from calling functions, C++ for local variables, and SNOBAL and AWK for associative arrays. LISP and Scheme also influenced the focus on tables. These two languages used a single structure mechanism.

An example Hello World program in Lua:
-- !/usr/bin/lua
print("Hello World!")
An example of setting a value, then printing it:

--!/usr/bin/lua
a = "Hello World!"
print(a)
An example of a function, then using it:

--!/usr/bin/lua
local function TestFunction()
end

TestFunction()
An example of a loop that prints each entry in the list in order:

--!/usr/bin/lua

for i, v in pairs(list) do
end


Innate immune system

The innate immune system defends the host from infections. It includes cells which recognize and respond to pathogens (germs) right away. The innate immune system response is not specific: it responds the same way to all pathogens that it recognises.

Unlike the adaptive immune system, the innate immune system does not give long-lasting immunity against specific infections.

Innate immune systems rapidly defend against infections in all plant and animal life. The innate system is the evolutionarily older defense strategy. It is the main immune system found in plants, fungi, insects, and in primitive multicellular organisms. The system is not adaptable and does not change over the course of an individual's lifetime.

The vertebrate innate immune system:

The innate immune system includes the skin. The outer layers of the skin are called "epithelial". Epithelial cells form a waxy physical barrier that keeps out most infectious agents. These cells are the innate immune system's first line of defense against invading organisms.

Old skin cells drop off, and this helps remove bacteria that have stuck to the skin.

The skin continues internally as the lining of the intestine and lung. In the intestines or lungs, movement by peristalsis or cilia helps to remove infectious agents. Also, mucus traps infectious agents. In the intestines, gut flora can prevent pathogenic bacteria by secreting toxic substances, or by competing with pathogenic bacteria for nutrients or for attachment to cell surfaces.

The flushing action of tears and saliva helps prevent infection of the eyes and mouth.

Inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to pathogens or foreign substances that get past the anatomical barriers.

Inflammation is stimulated by chemical factors released by injured cells. It sets up a physical barrier against the spread of infection, and promotes healing of damaged tissue after the clearance of pathogens.

Chemical factors produced during inflammation attract phagocytes, especially neutrophils. Neutrophils then trigger other parts of the immune system.

The complement system is a biochemical cascade of the immune system that helps antibodies clear pathogens or mark them for destruction by other cells.

The cascade is composed of many plasma proteins, which are made in the liver. The proteins work together to:

Elements of the complement cascade can be found in many non-mammalian species including plants, birds, fish and some species of invertebrates.

All white blood cells (WBC) are known as leukocytes. Leukocytes are different from other cells of the body: they work like independent, single-celled organisms. They can move freely, and capture cell debris, foreign particles, or invading microorganisms. They are produced by blood-forming stem cells in the bone marrow.

The innate leukocytes include: Natural killer cells, mast cells, eosinophils, basophils; and the phagocytic cells including macrophages, neutrophils and dendritic cells. They identify and eliminate pathogens that cause infection.

Mast cells are a type of innate immune cell in connective tissue and the mucous membranes. They are intimately associated with defence against pathogens and wound healing. They are also often associated with allergy and anaphylaxis. When activated, mast cells rapidly release characteristic granules, rich in histamine and heparin, along with various hormonal mediators, and chemotactic cytokines into the environment. Histamine dilates blood vessels, causing the signs of inflammation, and recruits neutrophils and macrophages.

The word 'phagocyte' literally means 'eating cell'. These are immune cells that engulf, i.e. phagocytose, pathogens or particles. To engulf a particle or pathogen, a phagocyte extends portions of its plasma membrane, wrapping the membrane around the particle until it is enveloped (i.e. the particle is now inside the cell). Once inside the cell, the invading pathogen is contained inside an endosome which merges with a lysosome. The lysosome contains enzymes and acids that kill and digest the particle or organism. Phagocytes generally patrol the body searching for pathogens, but are also able to react to a group of highly specialized molecular signals produced by other cells, called cytokines. The phagocytic cells of the immune system include macrophages], neutrophils, and dendritic cells.

Phagocytosis of the hosts’ own cells is common as part of regular tissue development and maintenance. When host cells die, phagocytic cells remove them from the affected site. By removing dead cells, phagocytosis is an important part of the healing process.

Macrophages are large phagocytic leukocytes. They can move across the cell membrane of capillary vessels and go between cells to hunt invading pathogens. Macrophages are the most efficient phagocytes, and can phagocytose substantial numbers of bacteria or other cells or microbes. 
The binding of bacterial molecules to receptors on the surface of a macrophage triggers it to engulf and destroy the bacteria. Pathogens also stimulate the macrophage to produce chemokines, which summon other cells to the site of infection.

 
Neutrophils and two other cell types (eosinophils and basophils), are known as granulocytes (because they have granules in their cytoplasm) or polymorphonuclear cells (PMNs) due to their distinctive lobed nuclei.

Neutrophil granules contain a variety of toxic substances that kill or inhibit growth of bacteria and fungi. The main products of the neutrophil are strong oxidizing agents. These include hydrogen peroxide, free oxygen radicals and hypochlorite. Neutrophils are the most abundant type of phagocyte, with 50 to 60% of the total circulating leukocytes. They are usually the first cells to arrive at the site of an infection. The bone marrow of a normal healthy adult produces more than 100 billion neutrophils per day, and more than 10 times that many per day during acute inflammation.

Dendritic cells (DC) are phagocytic cells present in tissues that are in contact with the external environment, mainly the skin (where they are often called Langerhans cells), and the inner mucosal lining of the nose, lungs, stomach and intestines. Dendritic cells are very important in the process of antigen presentation, and serve as a link between the innate and adaptive immune systems.

Basophils and eosinophils are cells related to the neutrophil (see above). When activated by a pathogen encounter, basophils releasing histamine are important in defense against parasites, and play a role in allergic reactions (such as asthma). When they are activated, eosinophils secrete a range of highly toxic proteins and free radicals that kill bacteria and parasites. The same chemicals also cause tissue damage during allergic reactions. Activation and toxin release by eosinophils is therefore tightly regulated to prevent any inappropriate tissue destruction.

Natural killer cells, or NK cells, are a part of the innate immune system which does not directly attack invading microbes. Instead, NK cells destroy compromised host cells, such as tumor cells or virus-infected cells. It recognises such cells by a condition known as "missing self". This term describes cells with low levels of a cell-surface marker called MHC I (major histocompatibility complex). This can occur in viral infections of host cells. They were named "natural killer" because they do not require activation in order to kill cells that are "missing self".

Antimicrobial peptides, or host defence peptides, are part of the innate immune response. They are found among all classes of life. These peptides are potent, broad spectrum antibiotics. They kill both gram negative and gram positive bacteria, mycobacteria (including "Mycobacterium tuberculosis"), enveloped viruses, fungi and even transformed or cancerous cells.

Marine fish sources have high levels of antimicrobial compounds. Testing with live fish showed that fish peptides used in food/feed ingredients worked well.

Adolphe-Marie Hardy

Adolphe-Marie Hardy (23 May 1868 in Dison – 19 June 1954 in Laeken) was a Belgian writer first published in 1888 He rose to be a major figure in French literature.

Hardy was educated at Herve, before starting at the University of Louvain in 1886, studying law. After getting his doctorate he returned to Dison, where he carried on his literary work as well as working as a lawyer.

Hardy was editor or assistant editor of several literary journals from 1900 onwards, including Rappel de Charleroi, Dépêche de Liège and the Journal de Bruxelles.

In 1931 Hardy received the Grand Prix de Langue française from the French Academy. He was the first Belgian to win the prize, and he won it for his poem "Le Cortège des mois".
In 1935 he married Madeleine Verhelst. In 1940, they escaped to Issigeac, France. After his wife's death, in 1941, he married Germaine Van Den Boeck. 

In May 1954 he was made a Freeman of the City of Dison, and died at Laeken on June 19 of that year. 

Charles Ranhofer, chef at Delmonico's honoured Hardy early in his publishing career by naming a goose liver pate after him, and Ranhofer's book "The Epicurean", also lists a chicken dish, "Cotelettes De Poulet A La Adolphe Hardy".



Gnarls Barkley

"Not to be confused with Charles Barkley."

Gnarls Barkley is a music group with DJ and music producer Danger Mouse and American rapper Cee Lo Green. The group had a hit song in 2006 with "Crazy". "Rolling Stone" later named the song as one of the "Best Songs of the 2000s". Gnarls Barkley has released two albums: "St. Elsewhere" in 2006, and "The Odd Couple" in 2008. 

In 2006 Gnarls Barkley released their first album "St. Elsewhere". It went straight to number one in the UK. The album's first single "Crazy" was the best-selling song of 2006 in the UK. The song won a Grammy Award for Best Urban/Alternative Performance in 2007. In 2008 Gnarls Barkley released their second album "The Odd Couple". It had a less pop sound than their first album. It was nominated for the Grammy for Best Alternative Album.

All Saints (group)

The All Saints are an English-Canadian pop group. They were founded in 1993. The members of All Saints are British Melanie Blatt, Shaznay Lewis and Canadian sisters Natalie and Nicole Appleton. The group were one of the most successful pop groups in the UK in the 1990s with nine Top 10 singles, two platinum albums and two gold albums. The groups biggest hit was the 1997 single "Never Ever".


Oxygen difluoride

Oxygen difluoride is the chemical compound with the formula OF. It has a V-shaped molecular structure like HO, but has different properties. It is a strong oxidizer.

Oxygen difluoride was first prepared in 1929. It was made by the electrolysis of molten potassium fluoride and hydrofluoric acid. The chemicals had a small amount of moisture. Nowadays, it is prepared by the reaction of fluorine with a dilute aqueous solution of sodium hydroxide. Sodium fluoride is left as a side-product:

It is a very powerful oxidizing agent. This is proved by the oxidation number of +2 for the oxygen atom. This oxidising number is quite unusual. Above 200 °C, OF decomposes to oxygen and fluorine.

OF reacts with many metals. It produces oxides and fluorides. Nonmetals also react with it. Phosphorus reacts with OF to form PF and POF. Sulfur produces SO and SF with it. A noble gas, xenon also reacts with it. It produces XeF and xenon oxyfluorides.

Oxygen difluoride reacts very slowly with water to form hydrofluoric acid:

Oxygen difluoride oxidizes sulfur dioxide to sulfur trioxide:
However, in the presence of UV radiation the products are sulfuryl fluoride, , and pyrosulfuryl fluoride, :

OF is a dangerous chemical. This is because it is highly oxidising.


Phosphorus pentafluoride

Phosphorus pentafluoride, PF, is a phosphorus halide. It's a colorless gas at room temperature and pressure. It can be formed when OF reacts with phosphorus.

Adaptive immune system

The adaptive immune system is made of specialized cells and processes which kill pathogens or prevent their attack.

The adaptive immune system is switched on by the evolutionarily older innate immune system. This older system is non-specific, whereas the adaptive system is tailored to specific targets.

Whereas the innate immune system is found in all metazoa, the adaptive system is only found in vertebrates. It is thought to have arisen in the first jawed vertebrates.

The adaptive immune response gives the vertebrate immune system the ability to recognize and remember specific pathogens. The system mounts stronger attacks each time a particular pathogen is encountered. It is "adaptive" immunity because the body's immune system prepares itself for future challenges.

The immune system protects organisms from infection with layered defences. In simple terms, physical barriers prevent pathogens such as bacteria and viruses from entering the organism.

If a pathogen breaches these barriers, the innate immune system provides an immediate, but non-specific response. Innate immune systems are found in all plants and animals.

If pathogens successfully evade the innate response, vertebrates possess a third layer of protection, the adaptive immune system, which is activated by the innate response. Here, the immune system adapts its response during an infection to improve its recognition of the pathogen.

After the pathogen has been killed, the offspring of B and T cells continue. They are ready for a faster response next time. This is a kind of 'immunological memory'. These cells allow the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered.
Both innate and adaptive immunity depend on the ability of the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self molecules. In immunology, "self" molecules are those components of an organism's body that can be distinguished from foreign substances by the immune system. Conversely, "non-self" molecules are those recognized as foreign molecules. One class of non-self molecules are called antigens (short for "anti"body "gen"erators) and are defined as substances that bind to specific immune receptors and elicit an immune response.

In animals with backbones, the adaptive immune system is activated when a germ manages to sneak past the body's first line of defense (the innate immune system) and produces a certain amount of a particular signal. 

The main jobs of the adaptive immune system are: 


The adaptive immune system recognizes these invaders when special cells called macrophages and dendritic cells collect them and present them to other cells called T cells, which recognize the invaders and help fight them.

B cells are type of white blood cell that responsible for producing antibodies, which are proteins that can recognize and bind to specific antigens, such as bacteria or viruses. B cells are produced in the bone marrow and circulated in the lymph nodes, spleen, and other lymphoid organs.

T cells are another type of white blood cell that are a key component of the adaptive immune system. Unlike B cells, which recognize antigens in their native form, T cells recognize antifens that are presented to the by other cells in the body. This is because T cells express a unique receptor called the T cell receptor (TCR), which can only recognize antigen fragments that are displayed on the surface of other cells.

Autoimmune diseases occur when the immune system mistakenly targets and attacks the body's own tissues, mistaking them for foreign antigens. This can lead to a wide variety of conditions, such as rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, and type I diabetes.

Immunodeficiency disorders occur when the immune system is unable to mount an effective responses to infections, leaving the body vulnerable to a wide range of pathogens. Examples of immunodeficiency disorders include primary immunodeficiency diseases, such as severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID), as well as acquired immunodeficiency diseases, such as HIV/AIDS.

Hypersensitivity reactions occur when the immune system overreacts to harmless substances, such as pollen, food, or medications. This can lead to a range of symtoms, from mild rashes and itching to life-threatening anaphylaxis.

For the adaptive immune system used by bacteria against viruses, see CRISPR.

Alexander Urbom

Alexander Urbom (born December 20, 1990) is a professional Swedish ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for the Albany Devils. He was drafted by the New Jersey Devils in the third round, 73rd overall, in the 2009 NHL Draft.

Daniel Tetrault

Daniel Tetrault (born September 4, 1979) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for the Wichita Thunder of the Central Hockey League. He won the Central Hockey League Most Outstanding Defenseman in the 2001-02 CHL season.

Silas Marner

Silas Marner: The Weaver of Raveloe is a novel by George Eliot. It is her third novel. It was first published in 1861. It tells the story of Silas Marner, a lonely linen weaver.


Robbie Neale

Robbie Neale (born April 17, 1953) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey forward who played in the World Hockey Association.

Rapid City Rush

The Rapid City Rush are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2008 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team now plays in the ECHL. They play their home games at the The Monument in Rapid City, South Dakota. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Calgary Wranglers of the American Hockey League (AHL). 

In 2014, the CHL would end up going out of business. In October 2014, the Rush, Allen Americans, Brampton Beast, Missouri Mavericks, Quad City Mallards, Tulsa Oilers and Wichita Thunder would all be accepted as new teams in the ECHL. 

Ministries Trial

The Ministries Trial (or, officially, The United States of America vs. Ernst von Weizsäcker, et al.) was the eleventh of the twelve trials for war crimes the US authorities held in their occupation zone in Germany in Nuremberg after the end of World War II.

Disagreements between the Allies meant only one trial was held by the International Military Tribunal (IMT). Other trials were held by the Allies in their own zones of occupation. The Americans held twelve trials, in the same rooms at the Palace of Justice as the IMT. These twelve trials are known as the "Subsequent Nuremberg Trials" or, more formally, as the "Trials of War Criminals before the Nuremberg Military Tribunals" (NMT).

This case is also known as the Wilhelmstrasse Trial, because the German Foreign Office was on the Wilhelmstrasse in Berlin. The defendants in this case were officials of various "Reich" ministries, facing various charges for their jobs in Nazi Germany and responsibility for the numerous atrocities committed both in Germany and in occupied countries during the war.

The judges in this case, heard before Military Tribunal IV, were William C. Christianson (presiding judge) from Minnesota, Robert F. Maguire from Oregon, and Leon W. Powers from Iowa. The Chief of Counsel for the Prosecution was Telford Taylor; the chief prosecutor was Robert Kempner. The indictment was filed on November 15, 1947; the hearings lasted from January 6, 1948 until November 18 that year, and then the judges took a whole five months to compile their 833-page judgment, which they presented on April 11, 1949. The sentences were handed down on April 13, 1949. Of all the twelve trials, this was the one that lasted longest and ended last. Of the 21 defendants arraigned, two were acquitted, the others were found guilty on at least one count of the indictment and received prison sentences ranging from three years including time served to 25 years' imprisonment.

 Stuckart was tried again in 1950 before a denazification court and sentenced as a "Mitläufer" (follower) a fine of DM 50,000.

Herbert Ernst Backe, the former minister for agriculture who should also have been tried, committed suicide on April 6, 1947 while in custody awaiting the trial.


Mitläufer

Mitläufer is a German term (plural: "Mitläufer") used in the denazification proceedings in West Germany after World War II to describe people who supported Nazism without directly participating in Nazi atrocities such as genocide. "Mitläufer" is usually translated in English as either "fellow-traveler" or "hanger-on". 

http://www.woxikon.com/wort/mitl%C3%A4ufer.php 

Freiherr

Freiherr was a title of nobility used in German speaking countries. Its equivalent in English is "Baron".

Since the end of the German Empire titles of nobility have not been allowed, but are still used, as if they were part of the name.

In Austria the use of titles, even as names, is illegal.

Dresdner Bank

Dresdner Bank AG was one of Germany's largest banking corporations and was based in Frankfurt. It was formed in 1872, and bought by competitor Commerzbank in December 2009.

Dresdner Bank was established in 1872. It moved its headquarters to Berlin in 1884, although its registered office stayed in Dresden until 1950. 

By 1900, Dresdner Bank had the largest German branch network. During the First World War, the London branch was forced to close; however, the overall branch network expanded.

After the banking crisis in 1931 the Weimar Republic owned 66% Dresdner Bank shares. Its deputy director was Dr Schacht, Minister of Economy under Nazism. The Bank was reprivatised in 1937. 

During World War II, Dresdner Bank controlled various banks in countries under German occupation. 

The introduction of the Deutsche Mark in 1948 helped return banking to normality.

Dresdner Bank expanded its network with acquisition and opening new offices not only in Europe but also in the United States, Singapore, Canada, Australia, Japan, Hong Kong, and China. Dresdner Bank was the first to open its own office in former East Germany in Dresden in 2 January 1990. 

In 2002 Dresdner Bank became a wholly owned subsidiary of the insurance corporation Allianz. Allianz sold Dresdner Bank, which was legally merged with Commerzbank on 11 May 2009 and ceased to be an independent company.

Dresdner Bank was known as the bank of choice for Heinrich Himmler's SS.

The bank took part early on in the Third Reich's policy of confiscating Jewish property and wealth. The bank helped to finance concentration camps, including Auschwitz.

The bank was closely involved in the occupation of Europe, "essentially acting as the bank of the SS in Poland".

Dresdner Bank attempted to get a banking operating licence in Saint Petersburg, where former KGB agent Vladimir Putin was in charge of foreign economic relations. Dresdner Bank appointed Matthias Warnig, a former Stasi agent and Vladimir Putin's former KGB contact , to negotiate with Putin. The office was opened in 1991. Warnig became Chairman of the Board of Directors of Dresdner Bank ZAO, Dresdner Bank Russian subsidiary.

The bank has had a lucrative business relationship with Gazprom and the state oil company Rosneft. The bank was also involved in the controversial forced sale of Yukos assets.

Daily News (New York)

The Daily News of New York City is a daily tabloid newspaper. As of a 2009 study by BurrellesLuce , a media relations measurement service, it is the fifth most-widely distributed daily newspaper in the United States, publishing and selling. The original "New York Daily News" was started by Benjamin Wood, but the business fell after his death. Joseph Medill Patterson went onto create a newspaper of the same name in 1919, it was America's first official tabloid journal. The paper has won 10 Pulitzer Prizes.

LoveGame

"LoveGame" is a song by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It was released from her 2008 debut album, "The Fame". It is the second song on the album. "LoveGame" was the third single from "The Fame" to be released in North America. The video for the song was banned by MTV Arabia.

The song reached number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number two on the Canadian Hot 100. The song was planned to be the third single released in the UK, but "Paparazzi" was released instead because of “LoveGame”'s music video and controversial lyrics. "LoveGame" managed to become Gaga's third number-one song on "Billboard"'s Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs radio chart.

The video depicts Gaga dancing in a garage surrounded by cars and dancers. She rides in a subway car and performs choreography. The video is known for its sexual content.

Hurricane Gracie

Hurricane Gracie was a major hurricane in September of 1959. This hurricane moved erratically for five days before making landfall over South Carolina as a strong Category 3 hurricane. Gracie caused $14 million in damage (1959 USD). Twenty-two people died due to this storm.

It is unknown whether or not the name "Gracie" was retired.

Tabloid

The term tabloid is used to describe newspapers or magazines with pages smaller than regular journals, although there is no standard for the exact dimensions of a tabloid. It is also used (sometimes inappropriately or as an insult) to describe a newspaper that sensationalizes news stories, often with a focus on personalities and gossip, and much less detailed coverage of topics such as politics and economics than is offered by newspapers regarded as more serious. Tabloids usually include more "celebrity" news than political.


Paraná Association of Electrical Engineers

The Paraná Association of Electrical Engineers () exists to promote scientific and technological development and to protect the interests of professional electrical engineering, such as: Electrical, Electronics, Telecommunications, Computer, Automation, of the state of Paraná, Brazil. It is a nonprofit organization.

It was founded on August 2, 1984, in Curitiba, capital of Paraná.

Sissy Spacek

Mary Elizabeth "Sissy" Spacek (born December 25, 1949) is an American actress and singer. She played Carrie White in the 1976 movie "Carrie". She also played country singer Loretta Lynn in the 1980 movie "Coal Miner's Daughter". Spacek is known mainly as a dramatic actress, but she has acted in comedies. She was born in Quitman, Texas.

Durham, North Carolina

Durham is a city in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It has about 280,000 people. Durham has two universities, Duke and NC Central. It is northwest of Raleigh, and northeast of Chapel Hill. It is the county seat of Durham County.

Before Europeans came to the Durham area, there were some Native American tribes nearby.

Durham was officially started in 1869, but there was a train station and some stores before that. It grew quickly in the late 1800s and early 1900s because of tobacco. NC Central was one of the first publicly funded (paid for) African-American colleges, and was started in 1924.

In the mid-1900s, people were buying less tobacco, so Durham became poorer. Some civil rights people also visited Durham during this time. The Research Triangle Park near Raleigh helped it some, but not very much.

Recently, Durham's downtown has gotten better and Durham is growing more. The old tobacco buildings are now being used for other things.

Durham is located in north-central North Carolina, near Chapel Hill and Raleigh, in an area known as The Triangle. One of the few rivers in Durham is the Eno River. It goes into Falls Lake.

Durham has a sort of mild climate with hot summers and cool winters. In the summer temperatures usually go from 90° Fahrenheit during the day to 70 °F at night. In the winter, is about 50 °F during the day and 30 °F at night. It can change more. Durham gets about of rain and of snow.

Durham has a lot of transportation, or roads, trains, and airplanes. Some freeways in Durham are Interstates 40 and 85 and highway 147. Durham is right next to an airport. Durham also has a train station.

Duke University is in Durham. Durham also has the Museum of Life and Science and the Nasher Art Museum. Downtown, there are also several tall buildings.

Valerie Plame

Valerie Elise Plame Wilson, known simply as Valerie Plame, is a former officer of the Central Intelligence Agency, politician and the author of two books related to her career. Her identity was revealed to public on July 14, 2003; that ended Plame's career with the CIA, from which she resigned around December 2005.

In May 2019, Plame announced her plans to run for the United States House of Representatives for New Mexico's 3rd congressional district. She lost the primary for the Democratic nomination on June 3, 2020.

Paul Menard

Paul Menard (born August 21, 1980 in Eau Claire, Wisconsin) is an American racecar driver. Menard drives the No. 21 Ford Mustang for Wood Brothers Racing in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, and runs part-time for Team Penske in the NASCAR Xfinity Series. Menard won the 2006 AT&T 250 (now NorthernTool.com 250) in the Nationwide Series. 

Menard won his first NASCAR Sprint Cup race, the Brickyard 400, on July 31, 2011 at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Menard is the son of home improvement store magnate John Menard.


Ricki Lake

Ricki Pamela Lake (born September 21, 1968) is an American television host and actress. She hosted her own talk show, named "Ricki Lake", from 1993 until 2004. Lake played Tracy Turnblad in the 1988 movie "Hairspray". During the 1990s, she starred in many movies. These included "Serial Mom" and "Mrs. Winterbourne". She recently hosted another talk show named "The Ricki Lake Show" which began in 2012.

Lake was born to secular, Jewish parents, Barry who is a pharmacist and Jill who is a housewife. Lake went to Ithaca College and Professional Children's School.

Lake hosted "Gameshow Marathon" on CBS in 2006.

In September 2011, Lake competed in "Dancing with the Stars" with Derek Hough. She got third place. She lost to Rob Kardashian and J. R. Martinez, respectively.

Lake married Rob Sussman on March 1994. They have two sons, Milo Sebastian Sussman born March 22, 1997 and Owen Tyler Sussman born June 18, 2001. They separated in August 2003. Lake and Sussman divorced in 2005. She started dating Christian Evans in 2009. They were engaged in August 2011. Lake and Evans married on April 8, 2012.


Valerie Bertinelli

Valerie Anne Bertinelli (born April 23, 1960) is an American actress and television personality. She is known for her roles as Barbara Cooper Royer on the sitcom "One Day at a Time" (1975–84), Gloria on the religious drama series "Touched by an Angel" (2001–03) and Melanie Moretti on the sitcom "Hot in Cleveland" (2010–15). Since 2015, she has hosted the cooking shows "Valerie's Home Cooking" and "Kids Baking Championship" on Food Network.

Bertinelli was born in Wilmington, Delaware to Nancy (née Carvin) and Andrew Bertinelli, a General Motors executive. Her father is of Italian descent and her mother is of English descent. She has three brothers: David, Patrick and Drew. She had an elder brother, Mark, who died at 17 months from an accidental poisoning before she was born. Because of her father's career, the family frequently moved. Over various periods, they lived in Claymont, Delaware; Clarkston, Michigan; Shreveport, Louisiana; Oklahoma City and the Los Feliz section of Los Angeles, California, where Bertinelli studied acting at the Tami Lynn School of Artists. She attended Granada Hills High School. She was raised Roman Catholic.

Designing Women

Designing Women was an American television sitcom. It starred Dixie Carter, Annie Potts, Jean Smart and Delta Burke. It was broadcast from September 1986 to May 1993 on CBS. This series was about the working and personal lives of four southern women.

Shout! Factory has released all seven seasons of "Designing Women" on DVD in Region 1.


Spiritual séance

Spiritual séance or, simply, Séance is a meeting at which a group of people often including a medium attempts to contact a ghost and communicate with it. Participants of such meeting need not be seated while engaged in a séance.

One of the earliest books on the subject is "Communitation With the Other Side" by George, First Baron Lyttelton, published in England in 1760.

Some notable people who attended séances and believed in all that include the United States President Abraham Lincoln, and his wife Mary Todd Lincoln; the social reformer Robert Owen; the journalist and pacifist William Thomas Stead, and more.

Scientists who have conducted a search for real séances and believed that contact with the dead is a reality include the evolutionary biologist Alfred Russel Wallace, the inventor of telephone Alexander Graham Bell, and the inventor of television technology John Logie Baird, who claimed to have contacted the spirit of the inventor Thomas Edison, and more.



Murray–Darling basin

The Murray-Darling Basin is an area in Australia around the Murray and Darling Rivers. Three million Australians inside and outside the basin are directly dependent on its water. 

About 6 per cent of Australia's total rainwater falls into the Murray-Darling Basin. About 85 per cent of all irrigation in Australia takes place in the basin, which supports an agricultural industry worth more than $9 billion per annum.

The Murray-Darling Basin covers or approximately one-seventh (14%) of the total area of Australia. 

Over two million people live in the Basin.

Buick Regal

The Buick Regal is a mid-size automobile that is built by General Motors's Buick brand. The Buick Regal has had five generations, the newest one in 2011. The assembly for the car's are in Shanghai, China, Rüsselsheim, Germany and Oshawa, Ontario, Canada. Prior to the fifth generation Buick Regal was strictly front-wheel drive, beginning with the fifth generation all-wheel drive (AWD) became an option. From 1974-2003 certain generations shared the same frame and design with the Buick Century, in 1997 the Regal was released with a new design making it a more upscale version of the Century the only changes were the grille and interior.


Bucky Covington

William Joel "Bucky" Covington III (born November 8, 1977 in Rockingham, North Carolina) is an American country music singer and songwriter.

Covington was part of the 5th season of "American Idol" where he placed eighth.

Covington released his debut album, "Bucky Covington", in 2007.


Mileage

The term "mileage" refers to distance traveled. It often refers to distance per unit of fuel, such as miles per gallon (mpg) or litres per 100 kilometres (L/100 km). In the U.S., the fuel efficiency of motorized vehicles (such as cars, trucks, or motorcycles) is measured in mpg, as miles per U.S. gallon of gasoline. However, in the UK, the fuel efficiency is often measured in litres of fuel used per 100 kilometres, or in miles per imperial gallon.


Patsy Cline

Patsy Cline (born Virginia Patterson Hensley; September 8, 1932 – March 5, 1963) was an American country music singer.

Some of Cline's greatest known hits were "She's Got You," "I Fall to Pieces," "Walkin' After Midnight," "Sweet Dreams," and "Crazy".

In 1973, Cline was named to the Country Music Hall of Fame. This was after she had died. She was the first woman to enter the Country Music Hall of Fame.

She died on March 5, 1963 in a plane crash near Camden, Tennessee. She is buried at Shenandoah Memorial Park in Winchester, Virginia.


Daniel Nathans

Daniel Nathans (October 30, 1928 - November 16, 1999) was an American biologist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1978. His parents were both Russian Jews who came to the U.S for a better life.

Daniel Nathans parents, Samuel and Sarah Nathans met each other in the U.S and were married in Philadelphia in 1910. Sarah Nathans (Daniel’s mother) came to the U.S from Russia when she was 18 years old. Samuel Nathans (Daniel’s father) came to the U.S when he was a teenager. Daniel was born on October 30, 1928. He was the last of nine children in his family. He attended the University of Delaware in 1950 and earned a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry. He then attended the Washington University in St. Louis and earned a Master's Degree in 1954.

In 1978, he won a Nobel Prize with Werner Arber and Hamilton Smith for finding restriction enzymes. He won a National Medal of Science in 1993. Nathans died on November 16, 1999 at the age of 71.


Chris Bosh

Christopher Wesson Bosh (born March 24, 1984 in Dallas, Texas) is an American basketball player. He attended college at Georgia Tech where he played basketball. Chris Bosh started his NBA career when he was drafted by the Toronto Raptors in the 2003 NBA Draft with the 4th pick in the 1st round. Bosh would play 7 seasons with the Raptors becoming a star player before doing a sign-and-trade deal with the Miami Heat after the 2009–10 NBA season.


Fiat Cinquecento

The Fiat Cinquecento is a car produced by Fiat, introduced in 1991 and produced in Poland. It launched in the UK in June 1993 and was replaced by the Fiat Seicento in 1998. A fictional version called the Hawaii became famous in the British sitcom The Inbetweeners. 


Bowers Coaches

Bowers Coaches was a bus operator based in Chapel-en-le-Frith, Derbyshire.

It operated local bus services centered around the towns of Buxton, Glossop and New Mills. The company specialised in local bus services and the service area covers the High Peak Borough and some surrounding areas such as the town of Marple in Stockport and Ashbourne in the Derbyshire Dales.

The company became 'defunct' on 1 April 2012 as it combined with Trent Barton to form High Peak. 

American Civil Liberties Union

The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is a group of two non-profit organizations that fight for what they believe are important civil liberties issues. It was started in 1920 by Crystal Eastman, Roger Nash Baldwin, and Walter Nelles.

Some issues that are important to the ACLU are the First Amendment to the United States Constitution (which says that people have free speech and freedom of religion, as well as other rights), privacy, the right of people to be treated fairly if they are accused of a crime and arrested, and the right for everybody to be treated the same under the law. 

One way the ACLU tries to reach its goals is by helping people in court whom it believes are not being treated fairly by the law. The ACLU has lawyers that file lawsuits for people it represents. The ACLU also tries to change laws by teaching people about issues and by lobbying the government about what it believes.

Some people in the United States disagree with the ACLU. Some conservatives do not like that the ACLU believes that people have the right to an abortion and that it believes in the separation of church and state. Also, some of the people or groups that the ACLU has represented in court have been unpopular, such as the Westboro Baptist Church, which is famous for protesting the funerals of American soldiers who died at war.

Louise Henriette de Bourbon

Louise Henriette de Bourbon (20 June 1726 – 9 February 1759) was Duchess of Orléans and the mother of Philippe Égalité. By birth and marriage she held the prestigious rank of a Princess of the blood.

Louise Henriette was born in Paris the only daughter of Louis Armand de Bourbon, Prince of Conti and Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon. In her youth she was known at court as "Mademoiselle de Conti" and had been bought up in a convent. 

One of Louise Henriette's cousins, Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, grandson of Louis XIV, had proposed marriage to her, but her mother's choice fell upon the Duke of Chartres. As a result on 17 December 1743, aged of seventeen, Louise Henriette married her second cousin Louis Philippe d'Orléans at Versailles. 

The Duke of Chartres' father, Louis d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans, known as the "Pious", accepted her as she had had a religious upbringing however after a passionate beginning, Louise Henriette's scandalous behaviour caused the couple to break up. She later had an affair with the Count of Melfort after the birth of her son. Her son later said that he was in fact the illegitimate son of the Count of Melfort but this was ignored as he looked so much like his father.

Louise Henriette died on 9 February 1759 at the age of thirty-two, with her husband and children at her side, at the Palais-Royal, the Orléans residence in Paris. Her premature death was a consequence, it was said, of her debaucheries.

After her death, her husband had several mistresses, ultimately finding the love of his life, the witty but married marquise de Montesson, whom he married after she became a widow.



Earth's core

The Earth's core is the part of Earth in the middle of our planet. It has a solid inner core and a liquid outer core. The temperature of the outer core ranges from 4400 °C in the outer regions to 6100 °C near the inner core.

Seismic measurements prove the core has two parts, a "solid" inner core with a radius of ≈1,220 km and a liquid outer core extending beyond it to a radius of ≈3,400 km. The densities are between 9,900 and 12,200 kg/m in the outer core and 12,600–13,000 kg/m in the inner core.

The outer core of the Earth is a liquid layer about 2,400 kilometers thick. It is made of iron and nickel. This is above the Earth's solid inner core and below the mantle. Its outer boundary is beneath the Earth's surface. The transition between the inner core and outer core is about beneath the Earth's surface.

The temperature of the outer core ranges from 4400 °C in the outer regions to 6100 °C near the inner core. Eddy currents in the nickel iron fluid of the outer core are believed to influence the Earth's magnetic field. Convection in the outer core, combined with the Coriolis effect, gives rise to Earth's magnetic field. The solid inner core is too hot to hold a permanent magnetic field. It may stabilize the magnetic field generated by the liquid outer core. 

The average magnetic field strength in the Earth's outer core is 25 Gauss, 50 times stronger than the magnetic field at the surface.

Without the outer core, life on Earth would be very different. Convection of liquid metals in the outer core creates the Earth's magnetic field. This magnetic field extends outward from the Earth for several thousand kilometers, and creates a protective magnetosphere around the Earth that deflects the Sun's solar wind. Without this field, the solar wind would directly strike the Earth's atmosphere. This might have removed the Earth's atmosphere, making the planet nearly lifeless. It may have happened to Mars.

The inner core of the Earth, was detected by Inge Lehmann using seismology. It is a solid sphere about in radius, or about 70% that of the Moon. It is believed to be an iron–nickel alloy, and may have a temperature similar to the Sun's surface, about 5778 K (5505 °C).

In 2015, Prof Xiaodong Song from the University of Illinois and other researchers in China suggested the inner core has two layers. The seismic wave data suggests that crystals in the "inner inner core" are in an east-to-west direction. Those in the "outer inner core" are lined up north to south. Another scientist commented: "If this is true, it would imply that something very substantial happened to flip the orientation of the core to turn the alignment of crystals in the inner core north-south as is seen today in its outer parts". Other scientists are checking their data.

Seminole County, Florida

Seminole County, Florida is a county in Florida.

Seminole County

Seminole County is the name of many counties in the United States:


Baker County, Florida

Baker County, Florida is a county in Florida.

Bay County, Florida

Bay County, Florida is a county in Florida.

Bay County

Bay County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Baker County

Baker County is the name of three counties in the United States:


Seminole County, Georgia

Seminole County, Grorgia is a county in Georgia.

Puppet (software)

Puppet is an open source software configuration management and deployment tool. Puppet is said to change the human workflow, and enable developers and system administrators to work together.

In October 2017, Puppet unveiled a new product of its own, a hybrid infrastructure tool Puppet Discovery.


Baker County, Georgia

Baker County, Georgia is a county in Georgia. Its county seat is Newton.

Barbara Hershey

Barbara Lynn Herzstein (b. February 5, 1948), better known as Barbara Hershey, is an American movie and television actress. She has starred in many movies and television series. Her acting career began around 1965, but she did not get famous until the second half of the 1980s. She was born in Hollywood, California.

She won the Golden Globe Award in 1991 for "Best Performance by an Actress in a Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for TV". She was also in "Black Swan", "The Last Temptation of Christ" and "Hannah and Her Sisters".

Buddh International Circuit

The Buddh International Circuit (or BIC) is a track (circuit) that had opened in 2011, which is used for motor racing. The main event is the Indian Grand Prix, the first to be held in that country.

The track was designed by Hermann Tilke, the FIA's most commonly used Track Designer.

The track was originally known as the Jaypee Group Circuit, after the owners, the Jaypee Group. The track was renamed in April 11, 2011

Mike Fisher

Michael Andrew Fisher (born June 5, 1980) is a Canadian-American former professional ice hockey centre who played for the Ottawa Senators and Nashville Predators in the National Hockey League (NHL). Fisher also played for the Ottawa Senators and played 10 seasons also becoming the assistant captain for them.

He is a devout Christian.

In 2016 after the former Nashville Predators captain, Shea Weber, was traded, he was made captain of the team.

Mount Buninyong

Mount Buninyong is large extinct volcano 15 kilometres south east of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. The 745 metre volcano is on the Western Victorian Volcanic Plains.

The scoria cone of the volcano is more than 200 metres higher than the land around it which makes it one of biggest scoria volcanoes in Victoria. It has a deep central crater. The volcano erupted several times, and during one eruption the west side of the volcano was breached. In later eruptions the lava flowed through this gap in the side. It is possible that the breach was actually another crater.

There is a road that goes up to the top of the mountain, and there are a number of communication towers and a bushfire watching tower. There are three walking tracks: the Crater Walk, the Summit Walk and the Southern Walk. It is also one of the last koala habitats in the area, with large manna gums and messmate trees.

The name "Buninyong" comes from the Australian Aboriginal people known as the Wauthaurung. Their word for the mountain was "Bunnin Yowang" which meant "big hill like knee".

Derrick Rose

Derrick Martell Rose Sr. (born October 4, 1988 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American basketball player. He currently plays for the Detroit Pistons. He plays at the position of point guard. He attended college at University of Memphis where he played basketball with the Memphis Tigers. Rose was drafted out of college by the Chicago Bulls with the 1st overall pick in the 1st round of the 2008 NBA Draft. Rose was named the 2011 NBA Most Valuable Player. He is the youngest person to win an NBA MVP.

On October 9, 2012, Rose's girlfriend, Mieka Reese, gave birth to their son, Derrick Rose, Jr.

On June 22, 2016, Rose was traded to the New York Knicks. He signed with the Cleveland Cavaliers in the off season.

Visual arts

The visual arts are art forms that create works which are mostly visual in nature. The visual arts (also known as the plastic arts) produce objects. They are different from the performing arts.

Examples are ceramics, drawing, painting, sculpture, printmaking and poetry. Also, modern visual arts which use technology: photography, video, filmmaking and architecture. 

These definitions should not be taken too strictly as many artistic disciplines (performing arts, conceptual art, textile arts) involve aspects of the visual arts as well as arts of other types. Movies and performing arts, for example, make use of set and costume design, sometimes by prominent artists.

Also included within the visual arts are the applied arts such as industrial design, graphic design, fashion design, interior design and decorative art.

Sammy Sosa

@theofficialsammysosa21 

Samuel Peralta "Sammy" Sosa (born November 12, 1968 in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic) is a retired Dominican baseball player. Sosa played for the Texas Rangers, Chicago White Sox, Chicago Cubs, Baltimore Orioles and the Texas Rangers during his career. He was known for the many home runs he hit.
Sosa has also run into some controversy for steroids which he denied taking.

He became eligible for the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2013.


Teri Garr

Teri Garr (born December 11, 1944) is an American movie and television actress. Her movie debut was the 1963 movie "A Swingin' Affair". Her career breakthrough was in 1974 with the movie "Young Frankenstein". Garr has acted in many other movies. She has been acting on TV since the late 1960s. She appeared on "". She has multiple sclerosis. Garr was born in Lakewood, Ohio.

In 1983 she was nominated for "Best Supporting Actress" in "Tootsie".

In October 2002, Garr said that she was battling multiple sclerosis.

Jamie Benn

Jamie Benn (born July 18, 1989 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger . He currently plays for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL). His older brother Jordie Benn also plays for the Dallas Stars.

Before playing in the NHL, Benn played 2 seasons with the Kelowna Rockets of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He won a gold medal with Canada at the 2009 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships when they defeated Sweden in the Finals. He also scored the game-winning goal in Canada's first game against Norway and the only goal in a 1-0 win against the United States in the semi-final game.

On the international stage, he won two gold medals at the Junior World Championship in 2009 and the 2014 Winter Olympics.

Hearing aid

A hearing aid is a small electrical machine which fits in or behind a person's ear. The purpose of a hearing aid is to make sounds louder so the deaf person can hear spoken words and other sounds.

The two most common types of modern hearing aids are "behind the ear aids" and "in the ear aids".

Before hearing aids were invented, people used "ear trumpets" also called ear horns.

There are many different types of hearing aids. They are good for different users depending on lifestyle and how much help they need to hear. An audiologist can help make hearing aids work even better for a user by customising them. 



Shapiro delay

The Shapiro time delay is a physics experiment. It is one of the four classic solar system observations or experiments which test general relativity. 

Radar signals passing near a massive object take slightly longer to travel to a target and longer to return than it would if the mass of the object were not present.

The time delay effect was first noticed in 1964, by Irwin I. Shapiro. Shapiro proposed an observational test of his prediction: bounce radar beams off the surface of Venus and Mercury, and measure the round trip travel time. When the Earth, Sun, and Venus are most favorably aligned, Shapiro showed that the expected time delay, due to the presence of the Sun, of a radar signal traveling from the Earth to Venus and back, would be about 200 microseconds, well within the limitations of 1960s era technology.

The first tests, performed in 1966 and 1967 using the MIT Haystack radar antenna, were successful, matching the predicted amount of time delay. The experiments have been repeated many times since then, with increasing accuracy.

Miller–Urey experiment

The Miller–Urey experiment (or Urey–Miller experiment) was an experiment that made organic compounds out of Inorganic compounds by applying a form of energy.

The idea was to simulate hypothetical conditions thought to be present on the early Earth (Hadean or early Archaean). It was a test of the chemical origins of life. Specifically, the experiment tested Alexander Oparin's and J.B.S. Haldane's hypothesis that conditions on the primitive Earth favored chemical reactions that synthesized organic compounds from inorganic precursors. Considered to be the classic experiment on the origin of life, it was conducted in 1952 and published in 1953 by Stanley Miller and Harold Urey at the University of Chicago.
After Miller's death in 2007, scientists examined sealed vials preserved from the original experiments. They were able to show that there were well over 20 different amino acids produced in Miller's original experiments. That is considerably more than those Miller originally reported, and more than the 20 that naturally occur in life.

Miller graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 1951 with a Bachelor of Science in chemistry. He then went to the University of Chicago to do graduate work. In University of Chicago, he got registered for a PhD program. Initially, he started work with the theoretical physicist Edward Teller on synthesis of elements. During this time, Miller attended a lecture given by Harold Urey on the subject of the origin of the solar system. Urey presented the idea of organic molecules being synthesized in a early Earth atmosphere. It inspired Miller very much. However, he kept working with Teller. After a year of fruitless work with Teller, and the prospect of Teller leaving Chicago to work on the Hydrogen bomb, Miller approached to Urey in September 1952 for a fresh research project. At first, Urey was reluctant to put a graduate student on such a risky project but finally he agreed.

When Miller showed his results to Urey, he suggested Miller to immediate publish the results. Urey refused to be the co-author as he felt that Miller did all the work and lest Miller receive no credit. Miller submitted the manuscript to Science on 10 February 1953. After weeks of silence, Urey inquired and wrote to the chair of the editorial board on 27 February about this. Then a month passed, but still there was no decision. As a reasult, on 10 March the infuriated Urey withdrew the manuscript and he himself submitted it to the Journal of the American Chemical Society  on 13 March. By then, the editor of Science, apparently annoyed by Urey's insinuation, wrote directly to Miller that the manuscript was to be published. Miller accepted it and withdrew the manuscript from the Journal of the American Chemical Society.

For this experiment, Miller designed a sealed glass apparatus and used it to simulate the conditions on Earth before life appeared. It had two two glass flasks. One was of 500ml with 200 ml of water poured in it. The other was of 5 liter with a pair of electrodes. This one was filled with 100 mmHg of Hydrogen (H, 200 mmHg of Methane (CH), and 200 mmHg of Ammonia (NH). To simulate rain, the water in the smaller flask was heated to create evaporation, and the water vapour was allowed to enter the larger flask and it mixed with the other gases. To simulate lightning in the water vapour and gaseous mixture, electrical sparks were fired between the electrodes. Then the water was cooled again and the water created rain. This process continued for a week.

After a day, the solution turned pink in colour, and after a week, the solution became deep red and turbid. Then, mercuric chloride was added to prevent microbial contamination. The reaction was stopped by adding barium hydroxide and sulfuric acid, and evaporated to remove impurities. When Miller analysed the solution, he found a lot of amino acids; one of the building blocks of life.

Moreover, some evidence suggests that Earth's original atmosphere might have had a different composition than the gas used in the Miller–Urey experiment. There is abundant evidence of major volcanic eruptions 4 billion years ago, which would have released carbon dioxide, nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide (HS), and sulfur dioxide (SO) into the atmosphere. Experiments using these gases in addition to the ones in the original Miller–Urey experiment have produced more diverse molecules.

Note that organic compounds, including amino acids, are present in the meteorite dust which rains down on Earth. Therefore, interest in abiogenesis and the origin of life has shifted to the question of how cells and large macromolecules formed.

Tony Amonte

Anthony Lewis Amonte (born August 2, 1970) is an American retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 1174 regular season games and 99 playoff games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the New York Rangers, Chicago Blackhawks, Phoenix Coyotes, Philadelphia Flyers, and the Calgary Flames. He currently works as the head coach of Thayer Academy Varsity Hockey Team.

Before playing in the NHL, Amonte played 2 years of college hockey with the Boston University Terriers. He was drafted with the 68th overall pick by the New York Rangers in the 1988 NHL Draft. Amonte played in the NHL for five teams, New York Rangers from 1991 to 1994, Chicago Blackhawks from 1994 to 2002, Phoenix Coyotes from 2002 to 2003, Philadelphia Flyers from 2003 to 2004 and the Calgary Flames from 2005 to 2007.



Kristján Eldjárn

Kristján Eldjárn (December 6, 1916 – September 14, 1982) was the 3rd president of Iceland. He was president from 1968 to 1980.

He won as the underdog in the 1968 presidential election, winning 65.6% of the vote on a 92.2% voter turnout running against Gunnar Thoroddsen.

His son is Þórarinn Eldjárn who is a popular author in Iceland and his daughter Sigrún Eldjárn is also an author.

Henry Lawson

Henry Archibald Hertzberg Lawson (17 June 1867 – 2 September 1922) was an Australian writer and poet. Along with Banjo Paterson, he is remembered as one of the best Australian writers. He wrote about life in the Australian bush.

Lawson was an nationalist and republican, and he wanted Australia to become and independent nation. Lawson wrote many stories and articles for "The Bulletin". He used the Australian language in his stories. From the 1890s he suffered from alcoholism and mental illness which meant he did not write as much in his later years. He never had much money, and spent time in Darlinghurst Gaol and psychiatric institutions. After he died in 1922 following a cerebral haemorrhage, Lawson became the first Australian writer to be granted a state funeral.

His mother was Louisa Lawson, a poet, publisher and feminist.









Nellie Melba

Dame Nellie Melba GBE (born Helen Porter Mitchell; 19 May 186123 February 1931), was an Australian opera soprano. She became one of the most famous singers of the late Victorian Era and the early 20th century. Melba was the first Australian to become a world famous classical musician.

Melba was born in Richmond, Victoria. Her father was Scottish. She died of septicemia in Sydney.

Skeeter Davis

Mary Frances Penick (December 30, 1931–September 19, 2004) better known by her stage name, Skeeter Davis was an American country music singer.

Her best known song is her 1963 hit, The End of the World.

She released 30 studio albums during her musical career.

She died on September 19, 2004 because of breast cancer which she had been battling for years.


Barry Humphries

John Barry Humphries (17 February 1934 – 22 April 2023) was an Australian actor, artist, author, comedian and Supercentenarian. He was best known for making up and portraying the characters of Dame Edna Everage, a Melbourne housewife and "gigastar", and Sir Les Patterson, who is a really rude "Australian diplomat". He was also a movie producer and scriptwriter, a star of London's West End musical theatre, an award-winning writer and a landscape painter. 

Humphries spent two years studying at the University of Melbourne, where he studied Law, Philosophy and Fine Arts. During this time he was a Private in the Melbourne University Regiment, serving a period of National Service in the CMF of the Australian Army. 

He was on TV, in movie and on stage. He became popular in Australia in the 1950s, then Britain from the 1960s and finally in America in the 1990s. He has been called the most important comedian since Charlie Chaplin. He also voice Bruce in the Disney Pixar movie "Finding Nemo".

Humphries died following complications from hip surgery at St Vincent's Hospital in Sydney on 22 April 2023. He was 289. He had suffered a fall in February.

Australian country music

Australian country music is a part of the music of Australia. It comes from American country music, as well as British and Irish folk music and the work of traditional Australian poets like Banjo Paterson and Henry Lawson. Australian country music often uses guitars, banjos, fiddles and harmonicas and has songs about things like: outback life, stockmen, truckers and outlaws, romance, political protest and the "beauty and the terror" of the Australian bush. Famous musicians include: Slim Dusty, Joy McKean, Olivia Newton-John, John Williamson, Keith Urban, Lee Kernaghan and Kasey Chambers. Others singers influenced by it include Nick Cave and Paul Kelly. Popular songs include Waltzing Matilda (1895), Pub With No Beer (1957), Lights on the Hill (1973), I Honestly Love You (1974), True Blue (1981), and Not Pretty Enough (2002).

Barry Thornton ( Guitarist - Slim Dusty)


Get Closer (Keith Urban album)

Get Closer is the sixth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on November 16, 2010. The producers of the album was Dan Huff and Keith Urban. The album peaked at #7 on the "Billboard" 200 and peaked #2 on the U.S. "Billboard" Top Country Albums. The song "Put You in a Song" peaked at #2 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs.


Maria Theresa of Savoy

Maria Teresa of Savoy (31 January 1756 – 2 June 1805) was a Princess of Savoy and the wife of Charles Charles, Count of Artois future Charles X of France. In France she was known as Marie Thérèse de Savoie. 

Born at the Royal Palace of Turin, she was the child of Victor Amandeus of Savoy and his wife Maria Antonia of Spain and was baptised with the names "Maria Teresa". At the time of her birth her grandfather, Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia, was the King of Sardinia and her father was the heir to the throne. 

Maria Teresa was engaged to Charles Philippe of France, youngest grandson of Louis XV. Her marriage with Charles Philippe, known as the Count of Artois, was the last of three marriages which were carried out between 1771 and 1775. These marriages were between her oldest brother and sister and the younger grandsons of Louis XV and his older granddaughter Marie Clotilde of France. 

She was married officially at the Palace of Versailles on 16 November 1773. The most important female at court was her sister-in-law, Marie Antoinette. Maria Teresa's sister, Marie Joséphine had a higher rank than Maria Teresa as she had married the older brother, the Count of Provence. The two sisters did not have good relations with Marie Antoinette. Despite this, Maria Teresa was more popular than her sister Marie Joséphine who was very ugly. Despite this it was said that she was silent and was interested in absolutely nothing. 

The marriage produced four children, two of which survived infancy. She fled France with her husband shortly after the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 which marked the beginning of the French Revolution. Some time after, she took refuge in her homeland of Savoy under the protection of her father who had become king in 1773. Moving to Austria, she died in exile at Graz in 1805. She was buried in the Imperial Mausoleum next to Graz cathedral. Her husband became Charles X of France in 1824. 



Ensifera

Ensifera is a suborder of the order Orthoptera. It includes the insects commonly known as crickets, katydids and bush crickets. "Ensifer" means "sword bearer" in Latin, and refers to the long and blade-like ovipositor of the females. 


Tetrigidae

Tetrigidae is a family in the order Orthoptera, which also includes crickets, grasshoppers, and katydids. Species within the Tetrigidae are variously called grouse locusts, pygmy locusts, groundhoppers or pygmy grasshoppers. There are roughly 1,600 species in about 250 genera altogether.

Born This Way

Born This Way is the second full-length studio album by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. The album was released on May 23, 2011. It was released under Streamline, and Kon Live Records. The album was produced by DJ White Shadow and RedOne. The album's lead single "Born This Way" was released on Friday, February 11, 2011, and became Gaga's third US number-one single.
"Born This Way" became Gaga's first number-one album on the "Billboard" 200 after it debuted at the top of the chart, selling over one million copies in the US in its first week.



Born This Way (song)

"Born This Way" is a single by American pop singer Lady Gaga. It was released on February 11, 2011. The song premiered on KIIS-FM's American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest on February 11th. The single was produced by Mexican music producer Fernando Garibay as well as DJ White Shadow and Gaga herself. The song is the lead single for Gaga's 2nd studio album "Born This Way" which was released on May 23, 2011. The single's music video was filmed on January 22, 2011. Gaga performed the song live at the 53rd Annual Grammy Awards on February 13, 2011, two days after the song's release.

While accepting the Video of the Year award (for "Bad Romance") at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, Gaga, after tearfully announcing her forthcoming album's title, sang a few lines from the song: "I'm beautiful in my way, 'cause God makes no mistakes; I'm on the right track, baby, I was born this way." Given as a Christmas "gift" to her fans at the stroke of midnight on New Year's Day 2011, she announced (via Twitter) that May 23, 2011 and February 13, 2011 would see the release of Born This Way and this song respectively. The song, however, was released on February 11, two days prior to its original release, after revealing this on her Twitter page on February 7. Prior to its release in late January, Gaga (via Twitter) released the full set of lyrics to "Born This Way" onto the Internet.

On February 16, 2011, Billboard announced that "Born This Way" entered at the number-one position of the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song became the 1000th number-one single in the chart's history and the nineteenth song to debut at number one. The song also reached number one in Australia and Canada and reached the top three in the United Kingdom.

Critics positively reviewed the song, though it faced criticism for having similarities with Madonna's 1989 single "Express Yourself".

Bad Romance

"Bad Romance" is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga. It was released as the lead single from her third extended play (EP), and second major release "The Fame Monster" on August 12, 2009.

Gaga has said that the song is about being in love with a best friend. There are some lines sung in French in the song.

The song reached #1 in many countries including Canada, the UK, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain, while reaching #2 in the US and Australia. It was certified Diamond in America and has sold over 5.5 million downloads in that country. "Bad Romance" won Gaga the 2011 Grammy Awards for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance and for Best Short Form Music Video.

The video for the song starts off with Gaga and her dancers in a bathhouse, getting out of beds shaped like caskets. It features Gaga being auctioned off while in a white, open room. The end of the video shows her in bed, smoking, with a skeleton by her side.

On December 31, 2018, the music video for the song became Gaga's first to reach one billion views. It is the first music video from the 2000s decade to achieve this milestone. It is Gaga's most-watched music video.

Pastor Maldonado

Pastor Rafael Maldonado Motta (born March 9, 1985 in Maracay) is a Venezuelan racing driver. His career so far has been in single-seater Formula racing. He is the 2010 GP2 Champion, and a former champion of Italian Formula Renault. He is currently a driver for the Williams Formula One team. His first F1 race was the Australian Grand Prix.

Maldonado started formula racing in Italy in 2003. He competed in the Italian Formula Renault Championship. He had three podium finishes and one pole position.

In 2004, Maldonado ran in both the Italian and European Formula Renault series. He won the Italian championship He had eight wins and six pole positions. In the European championship, he finished in eighth position, with two wins. Maldonado also entered one round of the Formula Renault V6 Eurocup at Spa-Francorchamps.

In 2005, Maldonado made four starts in the Italian F3000 Championship. He won one race and finish in ninth place. He also entered nine races (and made seven starts) in the Spanish-based World Series by Renault (WSR). Maldonado only started seven of the races, and his best finish was seventh place. 

Maldonado received a four-race ban in the WSR for dangerous driving. He did not slow down at the scene of an accident at Monaco. There were warning flags displayed. He hit and seriously injured a marshal.

Maldonado received a full-time drive in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series with Draco Racing in 2006. He was finished in third place. He won three race and finished on the podium six other times. Maldonado had five pole positions.

Maldonado signed a contract to drive in GP2 for Trident Racing in 2007. He first win came in his fourth race in the series at Monaco. He missed the final four rounds of the season after breaking a collarbone during training. He finished the season outside the top 10. He has moved to the Piquet Sports team for the 2008 season. He finished in fifth place in the drivers' championship.

Maldonado signed to drive for the ART Grand Prix team for the 2009 season. As part of the deal, he also joined the team for three rounds of the 2008–09 GP2 Asia Series season. He finished sixth overall, helping ART to the teams title.

Maldonado drove for the Rapax Team in the 2010 season. He won the Championship that year.

In November 2004, Maldonado was given a test with the Minardi Formula One team. Maldonado was considered for the Campos Meta team (now Hispania Racing) in . Karun Chandhok got the drive with HRT. 

After Williams said that Nico Hülkenberg had been dropped from the team's 2011 line-up, Maldonado was announced as his replacement on December 1. Maldonado also brings sponsorship from the Venezuelan government to Williams. This is through the state-owned PDVSA oil company.

Maldonado has strong feelings about politics and talks about them openly. This is not very common in the racing world. He says he is a socialist and a friend of Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Chapel Hill, North Carolina

Chapel Hill is a town in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It has about 60,000 people. It is in an area called The Triangle, because it is next to Raleigh and Durham.

Chapel Hill is in southeastern Orange County. It is southwest of Durham and northwest of Raleigh. Interstate 40 goes north and east of Chapel Hill, while highways 15-501 and 54 go through it.

Chapel Hill got its name from a chapel on a hill, that was around in the 1700s. In 1792, The University of North Carolina (UNC) was started, which helped Chapel Hill grow. But it was a small town until the 1950s, when it started growing faster, like the rest of The Triangle. By 1970, it had 25,000 people. Since then, Chapel Hill has been somewhat rich. The town was the place where the 2015 Chapel Hill shooting happened, which some newspapers described as Islamophobic.

Pedobear

Pedobear is an internet meme that gained popularity on 4chan. Pedobear is usually posted as a way to mock users requesting or posting sexualized images of children on 4chan.

Pedobear first appeared on 2channel, a popular bulletin board system in Japan and was originally called Kumā (interjection of Kuma which means bear in Japanese) or Safety Bear.

Pedobear has also been featured as iStockphoto wallpaper and was in the background of a cover of the auto magazine Import Tuner.

On July 3, 2009, Michael R. Barrick, a Canadian artist had created two pictures showing Pedobear together with the mascots of 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Gazeta Olsztyńska, a Polish newspaper mistakenly used one of the pictures for a February 4, 2010 front page story about the Olympics in Vancouver.


Lady A

Lady A (formerly known as Lady Antebellum ) is a country music singer from Nashville, Tennessee. Her real name is Hillary Scott. She has had multiple hit songs and won several awards for her singing.

Scott changed her stage name to Lady A in 2020 amid the George Floyd protests to remove any associations the old name might have had with slavery and the Antebellum South.


Victoria Principal

Victoria Principal (born January 3, 1950) is an American actress and businessperson. She was born in Japan, where her father was stationed in the U.S. forces.

In 1970, Principal moved to Hollywood. She won her first film role as Marie Elena, a Mexican mistress, in John Huston's "The Life and Times of Judge Roy Bean" (1972) (opposite Paul Newman). She got a Golden Globe nomination as Most Promising Newcomer for this role.

She starred in many movies and TV programs. Her most notable acting was playing Pamela Barnes Ewing in the nighttime television series "Dallas". She spent nine years on the long-running series, leaving in 1987.

Winton, Victoria

Winton is a small town nine kilometres north east of Benalla, Victoria. About 2,800 people live in the town and the other small towns in the area. It is home to the Winton Motor Raceway, a three kilometre motor racing track. Winton was first settled in 1853, and the town was surveyed in 1857. The Hume Highway from Melbourne to Sydney passed through the town, but the Hume Freeway bypassed Winton in 1987.

Grevillea

Grevillea is a genus of about 360 species of evergreen flowering plants in the protea family Proteaceae. It comes from Australia, New Guinea, New Caledonia, and Sulawesi. It was named after Charles Francis Greville. The species are quite different from each other, from low growing shrubs less than 0.5 m tall to trees 35 m tall. Common names include Grevillea, Spider Flower, Silky-oak and Toothbrush.

Grevilleas are closely related to the genus "Hakea", the genus gives its name to the subfamily Grevilleoideae. Many species of grevilleas are popular garden plants, especially in Australia but also in other temperate and subtropical climates. Many grevilleas interbreed freely, and some specially picked hybrids have been grown for sale. Among the best known are "Grevillea" 'Robyn Gordon', a small shrub up to 1.5 metres high and wide which can flower 12 months of the year in subtropical climates.

Western European Time

Western European Time (WET, UTC±00:00) is a time zone covering parts of western Europe, with countries using UTC±00:00 (also known as Greenwich Mean Time, called GMT). It is one of the three standard time zones in the European Union, with Central European Time and Eastern European Time.

Agnès Sorel

Agnès Sorel (1421 – 9 February 1450), was a favourite mistress of King Charles VII of France. Charles VII was the father of her three daughters.

She was the subject of several contemporary paintings and works of art, including Jean Fouquet's "Virgin and Child Surrounded by Angels".

Sorel was twenty years old when she was first introduced to King Charles. She was a very beautiful young woman, and was also of above-average intelligence. The French king immediately fell in love, and she soon became his mistress. The King gave her the Château de Loches (where he had been persuaded by Joan of Arc to be crowned King of France) as her private residence.

Sorel's presence was alleged to have brought the king out of a protracted depression. She had a very strong influence on the king, and that, in addition to her extravagant tastes, earned her a number of powerful enemies at court.

Agnès gave birth to three daughters fathered by the King: Marie de France, Charlotte de France, and Jeanne de France. While pregnant with their fourth child, she journeyed from Chinon in deep midwinter to join Charles on the campaign of 1450 in Jumièges, wanting to be with him as moral support. There, she suddenly became ill and died at the age of 28. While the cause of death was originally thought to be dysentery. In 2005 French forensic scientist Philippe Charlier examined her remains and found that the cause of death was mercury poisoning. This did not mean Sorel was murdered, because mercury was sometimes used in cosmetic preparations and also to treat worms. this could therefore have been the reason for her death.

Sorel's cousin Antoinette de Maignelais took her place as mistress to the king after her death.


Woodcock salmis Agnès Sorel was a dish probably created by herself, but many chefs have name recipes after her because she was known to be interested in food


Strip Me

Strip Me is the third album by Natasha Bedingfield. It was released exclusively in the United States and Canada on December 7, 2010. The record was not as successful as the previous records "Unwritten" and "Pocketful of Sunshine", although the song, also titled "Strip Me", reached number 23 on the Adult Contemporary format.

Death mask

In the 17th century in some European countries, it was common for death masks to be used as part of the effigy of the deceased, displayed at state funerals. During the 18th and 19th centuries they were also used to keep a record the faces of unknown bodies. This is now done with photographs.

Phrenologists and ethnographers used both death masks and life masks (taken from living people) for scientific and pseudoscientific purposes. A death mask is a wax or plaster cast made of a person’s face. Death masks may be mementos of the dead, or used for creation of portraits. It is sometimes possible to tell if paintings have been copied from death masks, because shape of the face is altered by the weight of the plaster during the making of the mould. In some cultures a death mask may be a clay or other item placed on the face of the dead person before burial rites. The best known of these are the masks used by ancient Egyptians as part of the mummification process, such as Tutankhamon’s burial mask. In the 17th century in some European countries, it was common for death masks to be used as part of the effigy of the deceased, displayed at state funerals. During the 18th and 19th centuries they were also used to keep a record the faces of unknown bodies. This is now done with photographs.

Masks of dead people are a tradition in many countries. The most important process of the funeral ceremony in ancient Egypt was the mummification of the body. After prayers and consecration, the body was put into a sarcophagus decorated with gold and gems. A special part of the rite was a sculpted mask, put on the face of the dead person. This mask strengthened the spirit of the mummy and guarded the soul from evil spirits on its way to the afterworld. The best known mask is that of Tutankhamun. Made of gold and gems, the mask shows the highly stylized features of the ancient ruler. Such masks were not, however, made from casts of the features. The mummification process itself kept the features of the dead person.

In 1876 the archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann discovered in Mycenae six graves, which he believed were those of kings and ancient Greek heroes—Agamemnon, Cassandra, Evrimdon and others. To his surprise, the skulls were covered with gold masks. It is now thought by some unlikely that the masks actually belonged to Agamemnon and other heroes of the Homeric epics.

The lifelike character of Roman portrait sculptures has been linked to the earlier Roman use of wax to keep the features of dead family members. The wax masks were then remade in stone.

In the late Middle Ages, a shift took place from sculpted masks to true death masks, made of wax or plaster. These masks were not buried with the dead. Instead, they were used in funeral ceremonies and were later kept in libraries, museums and universities. Death masks were taken not only of dead royalty and nobility (Henry VIII, Sforza), but also of important people—poets, philosophers, and dramaturges, such as Dante, Filippo Brunelleschi, Torquato Tasso, Blaise Pascal and Voltaire. Like in ancient Rome, death masks were often then used in making marble sculpture portraits, busts or engravings of the deceased.

Oliver Cromwell’s death mask is kept at Warwick Castle. Another famous death mask is that of Napoleon Bonaparte, taken on the island of Saint Helena and displayed at London’s British Museum.

In Russia, the death mask tradition dates back to the times of Peter the Great, whose death mask was made by Carlo Bartolomeo Rastrelli. Also well known are death masks of Alexander I, Nicholas I and Alexander II.

One of the first real Ukrainian death masks was that of the poet Taras Shevchenko, made by Peter Clodt von Jürgensburg in St. Petersburg, Russia.

Death masks were used by scientists from the late 18th century onwards to record differences in human physiognomy. The life mask was also increasingly common at this time, taken from living persons. Anthropologists used such masks to study physiognomic features in famous persons and notorious criminals. Masks were also used to collect data on racial differences.

Before the invention of photography, the faces of unknown bodies were sometimes kept by making death masks so that relatives of the dead could recognize them if they were looking for a missing person.

One such mask, known as "L'Inconnue de la Seine", recorded the face of a young woman who had drowned in the Seine River at Paris around the late 1880s. A worker at the Paris morgue was so taken by her beauty that he made a plaster cast of her face. She was considered so beautiful that in the following years copies of the mask became a fashionable item in Parisian Bohemian society. The face of Resusci Anne, the world’s first CPR training mannequin, introduced in 1960, was modeled after "L'Inconnue de la Seine".



Al Smith

Alfred Emanuel Smith, Jr. (December 30, 1873 – October 4, 1944), known in private and public life as Al Smith, was an American statesman who was elected the 42nd Governor of New York four times, and was the Democratic US presidential candidate in 1928. He was a leader of the Progressive Movement, and was noted for making a wide range of reforms as governor in the 1920s. He was also linked to the Tammany Hall machine that controlled Manhattan politics; he was a strong opponent of prohibition.

Smith was the first Catholic to run for President, and attracted many thousands of ethnic voters. However he was especially unpopular among Southern Baptists and German Lutherans, who feared the pope would dictate his policies. It was a time of national prosperity, and Smith lost in a landslide to Republican Herbert Hoover. Smith tried for the 1932 nomination, but was defeated by his former ally Franklin D. Roosevelt. Smith entered business in New York City, and became an increasingly vocal opponent of Roosevelt's New Deal.

In 1939 he was appointed a Papal Chamberlain of the Sword and Cape, one of the highest honors the Papacy bestowed on a layman, which today is styled a Gentlemen of His Holiness.

Smith died at the Rockefeller Institute Hospital on October 4, 1944 of a heart attack, at the age of 70, broken-hearted over the death of his wife from cancer five months earlier. He is interred at Calvary Cemetery.

Alfred Smith is the namesake of buildings, schools, a playground, a fireboat, a park, a youth center, a military camp and a philanthropic foundation.

Edwardstone

Edwardstone is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 352 people living in Edwardstone civil parish. The parish contains the villages and hamlets of Mill Green, Priory Green, Round Maple and Sherbourne Street.

The name Edwardstone means Farmstead of a man called Edweard. Edwardstone was listed in the Domesday Book as "Eduardestuna". Edwardstone was once in the Babergh hundred.

Edwardstone Hall was a country house located in the village. It was demolished in 1952, but there are several other buildings still located on its land, including two listed buildings described below: the Church of St Mary the Virgin and Temple Bar.

Edwardstone civil parish had a population (population is the number of people living in a place) of 352 in 2011, 343 in 2001, 299 in 1961, 349 in 1951, 368 in 1931, 341 in 1921, 415 in 1911, 416 in 1901, 420 in 1891, 438 in 1881, 479 in 1851, 495 in 1841, 503 in 1831, 416 in 1821, 374 in 1811 and 362 in 1801. In 1086 there were 32 households in Edwardstone, which was quite large compared to other settlements.

The parish contains the villages and hamlets (a hamlet is a settlement without a church) of Mill Green, Priory Green, Round Maple and Sherbourne Street. Edwardstone has a church called the Church of St Mary the Virgin. Edwardstone is on a tributary (a tributary is a smaller river that flows into another) of the River Stour. Edwardstone civil parish has 31 Listed buildings. Edwardstone has a Cricket Team in Hunts County Division 2. The team plays its home games at Homefields, Boxford. In the "History, Gazetteer, and Directory of Suffolk, and the Towns Near Its Borders" Edwardstone had 1872 acres of land which was mostly arable (land that can be used for growing crops), but it also included 105 acres of woodland.

The forest surrounding the village is called Edwardstone Woods. It is mainly broadleaved, mixed and yew woodland. It has been classified as scientifically important by the British government.

There are 31 listed buildings in Edwardstone.


GENUKI


Groton, Suffolk

Groton is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England. Groton has a church called St Bartholomew Church. The parish contains the hamlets of Broad Street, Castling's Heath, Gosling Green, Horner's Green and Parliament Heath. In 2001, there were 222 people living in Groton.

The name Groton might mean sandy or pebbly stream. Groton was listed in the Domesday Book as "Grotena".

Booker T. Jones

Booker T. Jones (born November 12, 1944) is an American musician, songwriter, record producer and arranger. He is famous as the leader of the band Booker T. & the M.G.'s. He has also worked in recording studios with some of the highest regarded musicians of the 20th and 21st centuries, and in 2007 was given a Grammy Award for a lifetime of good work.



Louis Gabriel Suchet

Louis Gabriel Suchet, 1st Duc d'Albufera (2 March 1770 – 3 January 1826) was a Marshal of France and one of Napoleon's most brilliant generals.

He was the son of a silk manufacturer at Lyon, where he was born, originally intended to follow his father's business; but as a volunteer in the cavalry of the national guard at Lyons in 1792 his military ability got him rapid promotion. As "chef de bataillon" he was present at the Siege of Toulon in 1793, where he took General O'Hara prisoner.

Suchet was one of the few senior French officers serving in Spain who managed to preserve their reputation intact.
In the campaigns of 1805 and 1806 he greatly enhanced his reputation at Austerlitz, Saalfeld, Jena, Pułtusk and Ostrolenka. He obtained the title of count on 19 March 1808, married on 16 November of the same year Mlle. Honorine Anthoine de Saint-Joseph (Marseille, 26 February 1790 – Paris, 13 April 1884), a niece of Julie Clary, the wife of Joseph Bonaparte, and soon afterwards was ordered to Spain. He was named commander of the army of Aragon and governor of that region, and in two years brought the area into complete submission. Beaten by the Spanish at Alcañiz, he sprung back and soundly defeated the army of Blake at María on 14 June 1809, and on 22 April 1810 defeated Henry Joseph O'Donnell, Count of La Bisbal at Lleida.

He was made marshal of France (8 July 1811). In 1812 he captured Valencia, for which he was rewarded with the ducal victorious title of "duc d'Albufera da Valencia" in 1813.

The restored Bourbon king Louis XVIII made him a peer of France on 4 June, with a seat in the upper house, but, having commanded one of Napoleon's armies on the Alpine frontier during the Hundred Days, he was deprived of his peerage on 24 July 1815. He died near Marseille on 3 January 1826.

He married in 1808 Honorine de Saint-Joseph (1790 – 1884) and had 3 children:

Carême named several dishes after Albufera, including

Porter Wagoner

Porter Wayne Wagoner (August 12, 1927 – October 28, 2007) was an American country music singer and songwriter. 

Wagoner made 53 studio albums. He had 80 singles, including three number one singles.

Wagoner was part of Grand Ole Opry. He was nicknamed, Mr. Grand Ole Opry.

Wagoner won three Grammy Awards.

He was elected into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2002.

On October 28, 2007, Wagoner died of lung cancer in Nashville, Tennessee.


Tennessee Ernie Ford

Ernest Jennings Ford (February 13, 1919 – October 17, 1991) was an American country music and gospel singer and actor. 

He served in World War II as a bombardier and flew missions over Japan.

He made 57 studio albums and had 83 singles during the course of his musical career. In 1955 he sang the song "Sixteen Tons". He snapped his fingers on the recording. The song sold over a million copies.

He won a Grammy Award in 1964 for best album.

He hosted a daytime talk/variety show from 1962 to 1965 known as The Tennessee Ernie Ford Show (later Hello, Peapickers).

He was elected into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1990 and was also elected into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame in 1994.

He died of liver failure on October 17, 1991 in Reston, Virginia.

Vevey

Vevey is a town in Switzerland. Vevey is the site of the world headquarters of Nestlé, founded in 1867. Milk chocolate was invented in Vevey by Daniel Peter in 1857.


Sandy Duncan

Sandra Kay "Sandy" Duncan (born February 20, 1946) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She starred in many television programs and movies. She has also been doing stage acting during her career. Sandy starred in the television sitcom "The Hogan Family". She was born in Henderson, Texas.

Steve Cropper

Steven Lee Cropper (born October 21, 1941 in Willow Springs, Missouri), also known as Steve "The Colonel" Cropper, is an American guitarist, songwriter and producer. He is best known as the guitarist with Booker T. & the M.G.'s who made instrumental music for singers such as Otis Redding, Sam & Dave, Carla Thomas, Rufus Thomas and Johnnie Taylor. He sometimes also helped make records by these singers. He also became known as a member of the Blues Brothers band. "Rolling Stone" lists him 36th on their list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.

Jesse Carmichael

Jesse Royal Carmichael (born 2 April 1979) is an American musician, guitarist & keyboardist. He is best known as the secondary guitar player and keyboardist for the Grammy Award winning band "Maroon 5". In 1994, he joined with Maroon 5 frontman Adam Levine and Mickey Madden, current bassist, and formed Kara's Flowers. He recorded the debut album "Songs About Jane" with the rest of the band Levine, Madden, James Valentine, and Ryan Dusick.

Carmichael was born in Boulder, Colorado, United States on April 2, 1979. He went to Five Towns College with the rest of his band mates. While he was in college he began getting interested in playing the piano and keyboards. He then joined Kara's Flowers and released the album "The Fourth World" in 1998. Kara's Flowers then disbanded and re connected years later in 2002 and began recording material with Maroon 5.

As a solo artist, Carmichael uses a stage name 1863. He released his debut EP album "Five Songs" on June 4, 2012 digitally. 

Alexander I of Russia

Alexander I of Russia (, Aleksandr I Pavlovich) ( – ), also known as Alexander the Blessed (, Aleksandr Blagoslovennyi) was Emperor of Russia from 23 March 1801 to 1 December 1825 and the first Russian King of Poland from 1815 to 1825. He was also the first Russian Grand Duke of Finland and Lithuania.

He was born in Saint Petersburg to Grand Duke Paul Petrovich, later Emperor Paul I, and Maria Feodorovna, daughter of the Duke of Württemberg. He succeeded to the throne after his father was murdered, and ruled Russia during the Napoleonic Wars.

His sudden death in Taganrog, under allegedly suspicious circumstances, caused the spread of the rumours that Alexander did not die in 1825, but disappeared to live the rest of his life in anonymity.

Alexander was born in 23th December (O.S. 12 December) 1777 in Saint Petersburg. He was the eldest son of Tsar Paul I and one of Catherine the Great's grandchildren. In 1801, he began to reign Russia after his father Paul I was murdered.

On 9 October 1793, Alexander married Louise of Baden, known as Elisabeth Alexeyevna after her conversion to the Orthodox Church. He later told his friend Frederick William III that the marriage, a political match devised by his grandmother, Catherine the Great, regrettably proved to be a misfortune for him and his wife. Their two children of the marriage died young.

Alexander had nine illegitimate children.

With Sophia Vsevolojsky (1775–1848)

With Maria Naryshkina (1779–1854)

With Marguerite-Josephine Weimer (1787–1867)

With Veronica Dzierzanowska

With Princess Barbara Tourkestanova (1775 – 20 March 1819)

With Maria Ivanovna Katatcharova (1796–1824)

 Alexander became increasingly suspicious of those around him, especially after an attempt was made to kidnap him when he was on his way to the conference in Aachen, Germany.

In the autumn of 1825 the Emperor sailed to the south of Russia due to the increasing illness of his wife. During his trip he caught a cold which developed into typhus from which he died in the southern city of Taganrog on 19 November (O.S.)/ 1 December 1825. His wife died a few months later as the emperor's body was transported to Saint Petersburg for the funeral. He was interred at the Sts. Peter and Paul Cathedral of the Peter and Paul Fortress in Saint Petersburg on 13 March 1826.

The unexpected death of the Emperor far from the capital caused rumours that his death and funeral were staged so he could spend the rest of his life in solitude. Some say the former emperor became a monk in Pochaev Lavra or Kievo-Pecherskaya Lavra or elsewhere. A mysterious hermit, Feodor Kuzmich, (or "Kozmich") emerged in Siberia in 1836, died near Tomsk in 1864 and was eventually glorified as a saint of the Orthodox Church. Many people, including some historians, have theorized that he was Alexander I under an assumed identity. While there are testimonies that "Feodor Kozmich" in his earlier life might have belonged to a higher level of society, claims that he was Alexander I were never proved.

Alexander I was the godfather of future Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom who was christened Alexandrina Victoria in honour of the tsar.

Alexander I was the namesake for the Alexanderplatz in Berlin, Germany, and of the Alexandertorte.


Valerie Harper

Valerie Harper (August 22, 1939 – August 30, 2019) was an American movie and television actress. She was best known for playing Rhoda Morgenstern on "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and starring in the sitcom "Valerie". She also did stage acting. She began her career as a dancer and chorus girl on Broadway in the late 1950s and early 1960s. 

Harper was born in Suffern, New York. She was Wendy Schaal's former step-mother. She was married to Richard Schaal from 1964 until they divorced in 1978. She married Tony Cacciotti in 1987.

On March 11, 2013, Harper announced that she had an incurable brain tumor. Doctors said that she had less than three months to live. Although the disease is incurable, her doctors said they were treating her with chemotherapy in an effort to slow its progress. On July 30, 2015, Harper was hospitalized in Maine after falling unconscious. Later on the 30th she was taken via medevac to a larger hospital for further treatment. She was later released.

Harper died on the morning of August 30, 2019 from meningitis caused by brain cancer, in Los Angeles a week after her 80th birthday.


Jackie Wilson

Jack Leroy "Jackie" Wilson, Jr. (June 9, 1934 – January 21, 1984) was an American singer and performer. He was called "Mr. Excitement". Wilson helped to change rhythm and blues into soul. He was a master showman, and a dynamic singers. He was a member of the R&B vocal group Billy Ward and His Dominoes. On his own, beginning in 1957, he recorded over 50 hit singles. These songs included R&B, pop, soul, doo-wop and easy listening. During a 1975 benefit concert, he collapsed on-stage from a heart attack. Then he fell into a coma. The coma lasted nearly nine years until his death in 1984. By then, he had become one of the most influential artists of his generation.

A two-time "Grammy Hall of Fame" Inductee, Jackie Wilson was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked Jackie Wilson #68 on their list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time. At the 1984 Grammy Awards Michael Jackson dedicated his Album of the Year Grammy for Thriller to Wilson. After this Tarnapol released the first Wilson album in nearly nine years.

"For a detailed listing of singles and albums, see Jackie Wilson discography."


Alaska Interior

The Alaska Interior covers most of the U.S. state's territory. It is largely wilderness. Mountains include Mount McKinley (Denali) in the Alaska Range, the Wrangell Mountains, and the Ray Mountains.

The largest city in the interior is Fairbanks, which is Alaska's second-largest city. Other towns include North Pole, Eagle, Tok, Glennallen, Delta Junction, Nenana, Anderson, Healy and Cantwell.
Temperatures in Interior Alaska change a lot between the seasons. Winter temperatures in Fairbanks are usually around −12 °F (−24 °C) and summer temperatures are around 62 °F (17 °C). Temperatures there can get as low as −65 °F (−54 °C) in mid-winter, and as high as 99 °F (37 °C) in summer. Both the highest and lowest temperature records for the state were set in the Interior, with 100 °F (38 °C) in Fort Yukon and −80 °F (−64 °C) in Prospect Creek. Temperatures within a given winter can ghange a lot also. Long cold snaps can be followed by sudden warmth with temperatures above freezing. this is because of changes in the wind.

Summers can be warm and dry for a long time. This can make it easy for wildfires to start. Weak thunderstorms can produce lightning that starts a fire. These fires are often left to burn if they are far away from where people live. The 2004 season had the most fires. Over were burned.

The average annual precipitation in Fairbanks is 11.3 inches (28.7 cm). Most of this is snow during the winter. Most storms in the interior of Alaska originate in the Gulf of Alaska. Most of these storms are blocked or weakened by passing over the mountains. 

The months from May to July in the summer have no darkness at night. They only have a twilight during the night hours. The months of November to January are the other way around. They have little daylight. It is light for about 21 hours every day between May 10 and August 2. It is light less than four hours each day between November 18 and January 24. On clear winter nights, the aurora borealis, or "Northern lights" can often be seen dancing in the sky.
A lot of the ground in the Interior has permafrost, meaning that there is a layer of soil that is always frozen.

Polymorphism

Polymorphism in biology is when two or more clearly different phenotypes exist in the same population of a species. The words "forms" or "morphs" are sometimes used.

Polymorphism is common in nature. The most common example is sexual dimorphism, which occurs in many organisms. 
Another example is sickle-cell anaemia.

In order to be classified as such, morphs must occupy the same habitat at the same time and belong to a population with random mating.

The mechanism which decides which of several morphs an individual displays is called the "switch". This switch may be genetic, or it may be environmental. Taking sex determination as the example, in man the determination is genetic, by the XY sex determination system. In Hymenoptera (ants, bees and wasps), sex determination is by haplo-diploidy: the females are all diploid, the males are haploid.

However, in some animals an environmental trigger determines the sex: alligators are a good example. In ants the distinction between workers and guards is environmental, by the feeding of the grubs. Polymorphism with an environmental trigger is called polyphenism.

The polyphenic system does have a degree of environmental flexibility not present in the genetic polymorphism. However, such environmental triggers are the less common of the two methods.

Since all polymorphism has a genetic basis, "genetic polymorphism" has a particular meaning:

The definition has three parts: a) sympatry: one interbreeding population; b) discrete forms; and c) not maintained just by mutation.

Genetic polymorphism is actively and steadily maintained in populations by natural selection. This contrasts with "transient polymorphisms" where a form is progressively replaced by another.

By definition, genetic polymorphism relates to a balance or equilibrium between morphs. The mechanisms that conserve it are types of balancing selection.


Such a balance is seen more simply in sickle-cell anaemia, which is found mostly in tropical populations in Africa and India.

An individual homozygous for the recessive sickle haemoglobin, HgbS, has a short expectancy of life. The life expectancy of the standard haemoglobin (HgbA) homozygote and also the heterozygote is normal (though heterozygote individuals will suffer periodic problems).

The sickle-cell variant survives in the population "because the heterozygote is resistant to malaria" and the malarial parasite kills a huge number of people each year.

This is heterozygote advantage, a kind of balance between fierce selection against homozygous sickle-cell sufferers, and selection against the standard HgbA homozygotes by malaria. The heterozygote has a permanent advantage (a higher fitness) so long as malaria exists; and it has existed as a human parasite for a long time. Because the heterozygote survives, so does the HgbS allele survive at a rate much higher than the mutation rate.

Mammals normally produce lactase only as long as the mother has milk. Then the enzyme lactase is cut off. Modern humans are different.

The human ability to drink milk during adult life is supported by a lactase mutation. Human populations have a high proportion of this mutation wherever milk is important to the diet. The spread of milk tolerance is promoted by natural selection: it helps people survive where milk is available.

Genetic studies suggest that the oldest mutations associated with lactase persistence only reached appreciable levels in human populations in the last ten thousand years. Therefore, lactase persistence is often cited as an example of recent human evolution. As lactase persistence is genetic, but animal husbandry a cultural trait, this is gene–culture coevolution.

Ants exhibit a range of polymorphisms. First, there is their characteristic haplodiploid sex determination system, whereby all males are haploid, and all females are diploid.

Second, there is differentiation based mostly on feeding of larvae. This determines, for example, whether the adult is capable of reproduction.

Lastly, there is differentiation of size and 'duties' (particularly of females), which are usually controlled by feeding and/or age, but which may sometimes be genetically controlled. Thus the order exhibits both genetic polymorphism and extensive polyphenism.

An example of a botanical genetic polymorphism is heterostyly, in which flowers occur in different forms with different arrangements of the pistils and the stamens.

Pin and thrum heterostyly occurs in dimorphic species of "Primula", such as "P. vulgaris". There are two types of flower. The pin flower has a long style bearing the stigma at the mouth and the stamens half-way down; and the thrum flower has a short style, so the stigma is half-way up the tube and the stamens are at the mouth.

So when an insect in search of nectar inserts its proboscis into a long-style flower, the pollen from the stamens stick to the proboscis in exactly the part that will later touch the stigma of the short-styled flower, and vice versa.

Another most important property of the heterostyly system is physiological. If thrum pollen is placed on a thrum stigma, or pin pollen on a pin stigma, the reproductive cells are incompatible and relatively little seed is set. Effectively, this ensures outcrossing, as described by Darwin. Quite a lot is now known about the underlying genetics; the system is controlled by a set of closely linked genes; these act as a single unit, a so-called super-gene.

All sections of the genus "Primula" have heterostyle species, altogether 354 species out of 419. Since heterostyly is characteristic of nearly all races or species, the system is at least as old as the genus.

Between 1861 and 1863, Darwin found the same kind of structure in other groups, such as flax ("Linum") and in Purple Loosestrife and other species of "Lythrum".

Heterostyly is known in at least 51 genera of 18 families of Angiosperms.

Studies over many years have shown that natural populations of "Drosophila" are polymorphic for chromosome inversions. The inversions are so common that they must be kept in the population by natural selection.


Kid A

Kid A is the fourth album by the band Radiohead. It was released in October 2000 on the Parlophone label. It was a success, and was certified platinum in the United Kingdom after only one week. "Kid A" was the band's first number one in America, and was named as 'The best album of the 2000s' by Rolling Stone magazine.

All tracks written by Radiohead except where noted.


Hail to the Thief

Hail to the Thief is an album by the band Radiohead. It was released in June 2003.

All songs written by Radiohead.



The King of Limbs

The King of Limbs is an album by the band Radiohead. It was released in 2011. No singles were released from the album, but a video was released for "Lotus Flower". The album got good reviews from critics. PopMatters gave it 9/10 and called it "a beautiful record". It was nominated for five Grammy Awards.



Amnesiac

Amnesiac is an album by the band Radiohead. It was released in June 2001. It went straight to No.1 in the UK Albums Chart. Most critics gave it good reviews. Pitchfork gave it 9/10.

All tracks written by Radiohead.


The Bends

The Bends is an album by the band Radiohead. It was released in April 1995.

All songs written by Radiohead.


Pablo Honey

Pablo Honey is an album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead. It was released in April 1993. Three singles were released from it. "Creep" was released in 1992 and was not successful. In 1993 it was released again and became popular around the world. The album reached No.22 in the UK charts. In 2009 the album was re-released with an extra CD of demos and live songs.

All songs written by Radiohead.


List of SpongeBob SquarePants characters

Below is a list of characters from the television show SpongeBob SquarePants. 




Grace Under Fire

Grace Under Fire was an American television sitcom which aired on ABC between 1993 and 1998. It was part of a wave of 1980s-1990s television shows built around a comedian. Brett Butler starred as Grace, a divorced single mother with three children. This was the highest rated new show for its first season. It was distributed through the Carsey-Werner Company.

Absolution

Absolution is the name of a sacrament of the Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, Anglican and Lutheran churches. Using absolution, a priest or the church can forgive a sin, after confession. 

Petrified wood

Petrified wood (from the Greek root Petro meaning "rock" or "stone"; literally "wood turned into stone") is the name given to a special type of fossilized remains of terrestrial vegetation. It is the result of a tree having turned completely into stone by the process of per mineralization. All the organic materials have been replaced with minerals (most often a silicate, such as quartz), while retaining the original structure of the wood. Unlike other types of fossils which are typically impressions or compressions, petrified wood is a three dimensional representation of the original organic material.

The petrifaction process occurs underground, when wood becomes buried under sediment and is initially preserved due to a lack of oxygen which inhibits aerobic decomposition.

Dolores Claiborne (movie)

Dolores Claiborne is a 1995 American crime drama movie set in Maine. Kathy Bates plays the title character. Also starring in the movie is Jennifer Jason Leigh, who plays her daughter. Dolores is accused of murdering her employer, an elderly woman. Dolores is also accused of murdering her husband. He was a violent alcoholic sexually abusing her daughter.

This movie is based on Stephen King's novel of the same name.

Christian de Duve

Christian René Marie Joseph, Viscount de Duve (2 October 1917 – 4 May 2013) was a Belgian biochemist. He was born in Thames Ditton, Surrey and grew up in Antwerp, Belgium. 

Duve won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974. He discovered two cell organelles, lysosomes and peroxisomes. He described them, and was the first to investigate their functions. Duve shared the Nobel prize with Albert Claude and George E. Palade.

De Duve died in Grez-Doiceau, Belgium, on 4 May 2013, when he asked that his life be ended through euthanasia.

Corvus (constellation)

Corvus is a small constellation in the southern sky. Its name is Latin for raven or crow. It has only 11 stars that can be seen without a telescope. It was one of the 48 constellations listed by Ptolemy. However, he only included 7 stars. Corvus is one of the 88 modern constellations.

Four principal stars, δ, γ, ε, and β Crv, make a group of stars called "Spica's Spanker" or "the Sail".

31 Crateris (which was originally numbered in Crater) is a 5.2 magnitude star which was once mistaken for a moon of Mercury.

Corvus has no Messier objects.

The Antennae galaxies are made up of two galaxies that are colliding, NGC 4038 and NGC 4039. It has a heart shape as seen from Earth. The name name comes from the huge tidal tails that come off the ends of the two galaxies.

There is a planetary nebula NGC 4361 at the center of Corvus. The nebula looks like a small elliptical galaxy, but it is not. The center star is only magnitude 13, so it cannot be a large galaxy.

"The story of Corvus is related to two other constellation, Crater and Hydra."

Once the crow had beautiful silver or snowy white feathers and could speak to humans. The crow was a very special bird for the god Apollo. When Apollo's lover Coronis was pregnant, Apollo told the raven to watch over her. Coronis slowly lost interest in Apollo and was attracted to a human. The crow had been spying on her secretly. He told Apollo that Coronis had a new lover. Apollo was so angry that he turned the loyal raven's feathers black and took away the bird's ability to speak. Coronis was killed by Apollo's twin sister Artemis. The child of Coronis and Apollo lived. He then became Asclepius, the god of medicine and healing.

In another story, Apollo sent his raven to get some water in the god's cup called the Crater. The raven waited for some figs to become ripe and ate them. He came back very late with a water snake called a Hydra and the water in the cup. The foolish raven said he was late because of the water snake. Apollo was not tricked. He put the raven in the sky along with the water snake and the cup. The snake stops the thirsty raven from getting to the water in the cup. The raven can see the water, just out of reach.

Corvus is similar to the Babylonian raven (MUL.UGA.MUSHEN). The Babylonians also put the raven sitting on the tail of a snake. The Babylonian constellation was special to the god Adad. Adad was the god of rain and storms. In the time of the Babylonians, the constellation would have risen just before the start of the autum rainy season.



Eric Kandel

Eric Richard Kandel (born 7 November 1929) is an American neuropsychiatrist of Jewish descent. He was a professor of biochemistry and biophysics.

He won the Wolf Prize in Medicine in 1999, and the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2000 for describing the physiological basis of memory storage in neurons. Kandel shared the Nobel Prize with Arvid Carlsson and Paul Greengard.

Kandel was born in Vienna. He migrated to Brooklyn, New York City in 1939, the year after the Anschluss when Austria was made part of Nazi Germany. In 1956, he married sociologist Denise Kandel. They have two children.

D. J. King

Dwayne "D. J." King (born June 27, 1984) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the St. Louis Blues and the Washington Capitals.

Before playing in the NHL, King played 4 seasons in the Western Hockey League; 3 seasons with the Lethbridge Hurricanes and 1 season with the Kelowna Rockets. He was drafted by the St. Louis Blues with the 190th overall pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

King is of Métis heritage. He has a younger brother named Dwight, that plays for the Los Angeles Kings.


Nuclear fallout

Fallout is the left over radiation hazard from a nuclear explosion. The name is because radioactive material "falls out" of the atmosphere into which it is spread during the explosion. These materials continue to undergo radioactive decay for minutes, days or centuries. "Fallout" commonly refers to the radioactive dust created when a nuclear weapon explodes. All nuclear explosions make fission products, which are the broken, radioactive atoms from a fission reaction. Neutrons from the explosion also make some nearby materials radioactive. 

There was also radioactive fallout after a part of the nuclear power station at Chernobyl exploded. The fallout caused serious contamination over an area including Ukraine, Belarus, Russia, Scandinavia and some parts of Europe. All people living in an area of 30 kilometres radius around the power plant were forced to move because of the fallout with villages and towns being abandoned.

Drillbit Taylor

Drillbit Taylor is a 2008 comedy movie that was produced by Judd Apatow and Susan Arnold and directed by Steven Brill. The movie was the last movie written by John Hughes before he died on August 6, 2009. It was released on February 8, 2008.



Canary

The canary ("Serinus canaria"), also called the island canary, Atlantic canary or common canary, is a small passerine bird. It belongs to the genus "Serinus" in the finch family. It is native to the Canary Islands, the Azores, and Madeira. Wild birds are mostly yellow-green, with brownish streaking on the back. The species is common in captivity. Different colour varieties have been bred. Canaries are domestic birds. They are popular pets. 

Nesting
Canary nests are small and cup-shaped, and the birds build them several feet off the ground in a shrub or a tree. Both members of the pair build the nest, usually with a variety of twigs, sticks, grasses, and more. Females lay an average of three or four eggs per clutch.

Cars 2

Cars 2 is a 2011 movie made by Pixar. It was directed by John Lasseter and produced by Denise Ream. It is a sequel to the 2006 comedy movie "Cars" and it was released on June 24, 2011. The teaser trailer for "Cars 2" appeared on the DVD and Blu-ray versions of "Toy Story 3" and the full length trailer was shown before the movie "Tangled". In the "Cars" trilogy, this movie was followed by "Cars 3", which was released in June 16, 2017, the movie of Cars 2 the sequel of Cars from the Cars franchise, Disney and Pixar rip-off of the movie and missing.

Lightning McQueen competes in the first-ever World Grand Prix which determines the world's fastest car. Each race is held at a different part of the world: first in Tokyo, second in Italy, and third in London. Meanwhile, the Lemons are secretly trying to destroy the World Grand Prix racers, and Mater finds himself helping secret agents Finn McMissile and Holley Shiftwell in stopping them.

Finn McMissile, Holley Shiftwell, Francesco Bernoulli, Sir Miles Axlerod, and Professor Z. are five new characters which have important roles in "Cars 2". Finn McMissile is a British secret agent, and is expert with spy gadgets, while Holley Shiftwell acts as Finn's sidekick. Francesco Bernoulli is a flashy Italian race car, and is McQueen's racing rival in the World Grand Prix. Sir Miles Axlerod is the creator of the World Grand Prix, which is a publicity stunt for a new alternative fuel source, while Professor Z. is the leader of the Lemons, an evil corporation in charge of all the oil and fossil fuels in the world that is planning to sabotage the World Grand Prix to make alternative fuel look bad.


Françoise Barré-Sinoussi

Françoise Barré-Sinoussi, (born July 30, 1947, Paris, France), French virologist who was a corecipient, with Luc Montagnier and Harald zur Hausen, of the 2008 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. She and Montagnier shared half the prize for their work in identifying the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the cause of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).

Barré-Sinoussi earned a Ph.D. (1975) at the Pasteur Institute in Garches, France, and did postdoctoral work in the United States at the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Maryland. In 1975 she joined the Pasteur Institute in Paris, and in 1996 she became head of the Retrovirus Biology Unit (later called Regulation of Retroviral Infections Unit) there. From 2012 to 2014 Barré-Sinoussi was president of the International AIDS Society.

When Montagnier led efforts at the Pasteur Institute in 1982 to determine a cause for AIDS, Barré-Sinoussi was a member of his team. Through dissection of an infected patient’s lymph node, they determined that AIDS was caused by a retrovirus, which came to be known as HIV. Their work led to the development of new antiviral drugs and diagnostic methods.
Françoise Barré-Sinoussi married Jean-Claude Barre on October 7, 1978.

Françoise Barré-Sinoussi is the daughter of Roger and Jeanine (Fau) Sinoussi, she was born on July 30th, 1947, and is from Paris, France.

Ethan H. Smith

Parliamentary opposition

Parliamentary opposition is a political position. It is a type of opposition to the government. It is usually used in countries that use the Westminster system of parliament. Parties that have second-most seats usually make up the opposition. They are called the "Official Opposition" sometimes. Examples of countries with an Official Opposition are Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom.


Flowering plant sexuality

Flowering plant sexuality describes some of the technical terms for common arrangements of flowers.

Terms for the sexuality of individual flowers:

Many plants have complete flowers with both male and female parts, others only have male or female parts, and still other plants have flowers on the same plant that are a mix of male and female flowers.

Some plants even have mixes that include all three types of flowers, where some flowers are only male, some are only female and some are both male and female.

A distinction needs to be made between arrangements in single plants versus the larger plant population.

Some plants also undergo what is called sex-switching, like "" which express sexual differences at different stages of growth. In some arums smaller plants produce all or mostly male flowers and as plants grow larger over the years the male flowers are replaced by more female flowers on the same plant. "Arisaema triphyllum" thus covers a multitude of sexual conditions in its lifetime; from nonsexual juvenile plants to young plants that are all male, as plants grow larger they have a mix of both male and female flowers, to large plants that have mostly female flowers.

Other plant populations have plants that produce more male flowers early in the year and as plants bloom later in the growing season they produce more female flowers. In plants like "" all the plants in the species are either male or female.

Specific terms are used to describe the sexual expression of individual plants within a population.


Mean Streets

Mean Streets is a 1973 American crime drama movie directed by Martin Scorsese. It is set in New York City and stars Harvey Keitel and Robert De Niro. This movie was released by Warner Bros. on October 2, 1973. It received mostly positive reviews from movie critics.

Aaron Sherritt

Aaron Sherritt (August 1854 - 26 June 1880) was a close friend of Joe Byrne and later Ned Kelly. His murder in 1880 was the first of the actions that led to the Kelly Gang's final shoot out with the police at Glenrowan.

Sherritt lived about three miles from Byrne, in the Woolshed Valley, near Beechworth, Victoria. He went to school with Byrne, and in 1876 were sent to prison for stealing meat. Soon after being let out of prison, Sherritt and Byrne were sent back again. They had fought with Chinese man who had tried to stop them from swimming in his dam. In 1878 Byrne was said to be engaged to Sherritt's sister. He had a reputation for being tough; at times he would sleep out in the open at night. 

After the Kelly Gang robbed the bank at Jerilderie, New South Wales, they disappeared for 18 months. In January 1879, Sherritt went to the police station at Benalla and gave them information about where the Kelly Gang was hiding, and what they were going to do next. He was paid £2 for the information. Sherritt helped the police find a cave from where they could watch Byrne's mother's house. He was interested in Byrne's sister, Kate. The police told Sherritt that they would not kill Byrne. When the police in the cave were found out, Sherritt then tried to get close to Ned Kelly's younger sister, Kate Kelly. He showed the police a place from where they could watch the Kelly house, but this was soon discovered. Sherritt sold Kate Kelly a horse he had stolen from Kate Byrne. When Ned Kelly's older sister, Maggie Skillion, found out she reported it to the police. It went to court, but the case against Sherritt was dropped because the police said that the Byrnes and the Kellys were criminals and not to be trusted. Byrne's mother said she thought the whole thing was a trick by the police to get the Kelly Gang to come out of hiding.

Late at night on 26 June 1880, Joe Byrne and Dan Kelly went to Sherritt's house at Sebastopol. Sherritt and his family were being guarded by four policemen who were living at the house. When Sherritt opened the door, he was shot dead by Joe Byrne. The police did not come out of the house and remained there until the next day. Byrne and Kelly left Sebastopol and rode across country to Glenrowan. They knew the police would send a large group by train to Beechworth to try and capture them. Ned Kelly and Steve Hart had gone to Glenrowan earlier and had pulled up the train tracks. They had planned on the police sending the train to Beechworth during the night. The plan failed when the police at Sherritt's house did not report the murder until midday.

Parliament of Victoria

The Parliament of Victoria is a bicameral legislature that makes the laws for the state of Victoria, Australia. Its two houses are a lower house the Legislative Assembly, and an upper house, the Legislative Council. The Legislative Assembly has 88 members, and the Legislative Council has 40 members. The political party with the most members in the lower house forms the government, and is led by the Premier of Victoria. In 2014, the Labor Party won the November election, and its leader, Daniel Andrews, became the Premier. The third part of the Parliament is the Crown, Queen Elizabeth II. She is represented in Victoria by the Governor of Victoria. The current governor is Professor David de Kretser, A.C.

The parliament meets at Parliament House in Spring Street, Melbourne. This building was also the home of the Parliament of Australia from 1901 to 1927.

Victorian Legislative Assembly

The Victorian Legislative Assembly is the lower house of the Parliament of Victoria.

Rita Levi-Montalcini

Rita Levi-Montalcini (22 April 1909 - 30 December 2012) was an Italian neurologist. She won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1986 for her discovery of Nerve Growth Factor (NGF). She shared the Nobel Prize with Stanley Cohen with whom she made the discovery.

She was the first Nobel Prize winner to have reached 103 years of age.

Levi-Montalcini was the third of four children. Her parents were Adamo Levi and Adele Montalcini. She was born on April 22, 1909, in Turin, Italy. Her father wanted her to attend a high school which prepared girls for marriage, but Levi-Montalcini did not want to have children. Although she wanted to go to a university, her parents did not support that idea. Three years later, her governess (nanny) got cancer. This inspired her decision to become a doctor.

She applied for the Turin School of Medicine in 1930. She was accepted, and she studied the nervous system, which is the system of the human brain, spinal cord, and nerves. She graduated from school in 1936 and became a research assistant. In 1942, Levi-Montalcini experimented on chicken embryos to study how cells were made.

A neuron bryologist (a person who studies the nervous system in embryos) named Viktor Hamburger contacted her in 1946, inviting her to fill a visiting research position at Washington University.

Levi-Montalcini was famous for her research on cell growth. Her first experiments were done in a small laboratory in her house. This was because she was Jewish when Italy was ruled by a dictator called Mussolini (1883-1945). Mussolini would not allow Jews to have a serious job. Since Levi-Montalcini was in great danger from Germans, she fled to Florence and was in hiding until their departure. Levi-Montalcini was allowed to experiment in better laboratories after World War II. From 1944 to 1945 Levi-Montalcini cared for war refugees after becoming medicine doctor.

In the 1950s, she found a protein in the human nervous system, that she later named the NGF. She worked with Biochemist Stanley Cohen at Washington University, who was able to find the chemical structure of NGF and produce NGF antibodies. Levi-Montalcini's and Cohen's work was noticed in 1986 when they were awarded the Nobel Prize for physiology or medicine. Levi-Montalcini was the fourth woman to win the Nobel Prize.



The Big Chill (movie)

The Big Chill is a 1983 American comedy-drama movie. It is about baby boomer friends reuniting after 15 years due to a friend's suicide. This movie stars Tom Berenger, Glenn Close and Mary Kay Place. It was filmed in Beaufort, South Carolina and set in South Carolina.

Nate Marquardt

Nathan Joel Marquardt (born April 20, 1979 in Lander, Wyoming) is an American mixed martial artist. He currently fights for the UFC in the middleweight division and fights out of Denver, Colorado. Marquardt holds a second black belt in both Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Jujutsu. His current record is 32 wins, 10 losses and 2 draws.


The Painted Veil (2006 movie)

The Painted Veil is a 2006 romantic drama movie that was directed by John Curran. It was based on the 1925 novel with the same name. This is the third movie version of the novel the first in 1934 and the second in 1957 called "The Seventh Sin". This movie won a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score in 2006.



Victoria Police

Victoria Police provides police services to the people of Victoria, Australia. It employs more than 13,800 people and has 339 police stations.

Victoria Police started in the 1850s. One of their early jobs was to collect licence fees from miners searching for gold. In 1854 the miners at Ballarat refused to pay the fee and built a defensive fort, known as the Eureka Stockade. A military force of the British Army and 94 policemen attacked the stockade. About 30 miners and four soldiers were killed.

T. J. Oshie

Timothy Leif "T. J." Oshie, Jr. (born December 23, 1986 in Mount Vernon, Washington) is an American professional ice hockey center and right winger that currently plays for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the St. Louis Blues with the 24th overall pick in the 2005 NHL Draft.

He played ice hockey in college at University of North Dakota with the Fighting Sioux.


Royal Commission

In states that are Commonwealth Realms a Royal Commission is a major government public inquiry into an important issue. They have been held in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Kenya and Saudi Arabia. In Hong Kong, Ireland and South Africa, they are called a Commission of Enquiry or Commission of Inquiry.

A Royal Commissioner has a lot of power, more than those of a judge but these are limited to the "Terms of Reference" of the Commission. The Commission is created by the Head of State (the Sovereign, or his/her representative in the form of a Governor-General or Governor) on the advice of the Government. In practice–unlike other forms of inquiry–once a Commission has started the government cannot stop it. Because of this governments are usually very careful about framing the Terms of Reference and generally include in them a date by which the commission must finish.

Royal Commissions are called to look into very important matters and usually controversy. For example, these can be about government structure, the treatment of minorities, or the events that had received concern from the public or economic questions.

Many Royal Commissions last many years and, often, a different government is left to respond to the findings. In Australia–and particularly New South Wales–Royal Commissions have been investigations into police and government corruption and organised crime. They have used the powers of the Royal Commissioner to force powerful, but corrupt, public officials to tell the truth.

Royal Commissions are usually run by one or more notable figures. Because of their legal powers the Commissioners are often retired senior judges.

Royal Commissions usually research issues, consult with experts both within and outside of government and the public as well. They can call witnesses under oath, offer indemnities, seize documents and other evidence (sometimes including those normally protected, such as classified information), holding hearings "in camera", and can force all government officials to help the Commission. 

The results of Royal Commissions are published in, often, massive reports of findings containing policy recommendations. They often have long and complex names, for example, the "Royal commission into whether there has been corrupt or criminal conduct by any Western Australian Police Officer". Because of this they are commonly known by the name of the main Commissioner. These reports are often quite important, with the government making some or all recommendations into law. The work of some Commissions have been almost completely ignored by the government. In other cases, where the Commissioner has not kept to the terms of reference, the commission has been stopped by a superior court.

Delmonico's

Delmonico's is the name of series of restaurants in New York City. The original and most famous was operated by the Delmonico family during the 19th and early 20th centuries, but the last family-owned restaurant closed due to a Prohibition-era slowdown in 1923. Since that time restaurants using the Delmonico's name have reopened elsewhere in Manhattan under different owners.

The original Delmonico's began in a rented pastry shop at 23 William Street in 1827, appearing listed as a restaurant in 1830. They moved several times before settling at 2 South William Street for eighty years, it is credited with being the first restaurant in America to allow patrons to order from a menu "à la carte", as opposed to "table d’hôte". It is also claimed to be the first to employ a separate wine list.

At the peak of "Delmonico's" fame the family operated four restaurants under the name at the same time, and a total of ten during their ownership.

Six years after they closed the doors of their last restaurateur Oscar Tucci opened a Delmonico's at 2 South William Street, which stayed in business until 1977. Other Delmonicos have operated in the space from 1981–1992 and from 1998 to present.

The restaurant was opened by the brothers John and Peter Delmonico, from Ticino, Switzerland. In 1831, they were joined by their nephew, Lorenzo Delmonico, who eventually became responsible for the restaurant's wine list and menu. When the William Street building was opened on a grand scale in August 1837, after the Great Fire of New York, New Yorkers were told that the columns by the entrance had been imported from the ruins of Pompeii.

Beginning in the 1850s, the restaurant hosted the annual gathering of the New England Society of New York which featured many important speakers of the day. In 1860, Delmonico's provided the supper at the Grand Ball welcoming the Prince of Wales at the Academy of Music on East 14th Street. Supper was set out in a specially constructed room; the menu was French, and the "pièces montées" represented Queen Victoria and Prince Albert, the "Great Eastern" and Flora's Vase. "The New York Times" reported, "We may frankly say that we have never seen a public supper served in a more inapproachable fashion, with greater discretion, or upon a more luxurious scale". In 1862, the restaurant hired Charles Ranhofer, considered one of the greatest chefs of his day.

In 1919, Edward L.C. Robins purchased Delmonico's. Its grand location at Fifth Avenue and 44th Street closed in 1923 as a result of changing dining habits due to Prohibition. That was the Delmonico's linked with the original family business.

Almost immediately after the closing of the last Delmonico's, a number of imitators opened "Delmonico's" restaurants. The Delmonico family attempted to retain exclusive rights to the name, but a court ruled that with the closing of the last restaurant the name had passed into the public domain.

In 1927, Oscar Tucci reopened Delmonico's popularly called "Oscar's Delmonico" at the old restaurant at 2 South William Street in New York. Tucci used the original menus and recipes. Tucci created the famous Wedge Salad. Oscar's Delmonico became distinguished in its own right, continuing to attract prominent politicians and celebrities.. The Tucci legacy continued in Greenwich, CT, when Mario Tucci, son of Oscar, opened Delmonico's in 1986.

In 1989, a new Delmonico's was opened at the location by Ed Huber, which operated until 1992.

The building was vacant until 1998, when the Bice Group acquired the property and again opened a Delmonico's, with Gian Pietro Branchi as executive chef. In 1999, the restaurant was sold to the Ocinomled partnership, which continues to operate Delmonico's at the South William Street location.

Lobster Newberg, and Delmonico Potatoes were invented at Delmonico's restaurant, and possibly Chicken à la King, but it was most famous for Delmonico steak. Eggs Benedict were also said to have originated at Delmonico’s, although others claim that dish as well.
Baked Alaska's name was coined at Delmonico's as well.

Among the many well-known people who patronized Delmonico's are Jenny Lind, who, it was said, ate there after every show, Theodore Roosevelt, Mark Twain, "Diamond Jim" Brady, Lillian Russell, usually in the company of Diamond Jim, Charles Dickens, Oscar Wilde, J.P. Morgan, James Gordon Bennett, Jr., Walter Scott, Nikola Tesla, Edward VII, then the Prince of Wales, and Napoleon III of France. Journalist Jacob A. Riis claimed to be a patron of a different sort: in his book, "The Making of an American", he mentioned that when he was down on his luck, a kindly French-speaking cook at Delmonico’s would pass him rolls through the basement window.

The New Orleans, Louisiana, Delmonico's, which opened in 1895, was purchased by Emeril Lagasse in 1997. Lagasse refurbished the restaurant and reopened it as Emeril’s Delmonico.

The unconnected Delmonico's Hotel, at Park Avenue and East 59th Street, was a center of Beatlemania in August 1964, when the Beatles stayed there.


Frank Heller

Frank Heller was the pen name of a Swedish writer. His real name was Gunnar Serner. He lived from July 20, 1886 - October 14, 1947. He wrote a series of light novels. His books were about suspicious international business. Heller created the character Philip Collin in most popular books. Collin who was a detective and a thief. Collin also used the name Professor Pelotard.


F. W. Murnau made a film called "The Grand Duke's Finances" (German: "Die Finanzen des Großherzogs") that was based on of Heller's novel with the same name.


Consommé

In cooking, a consommé is a type of clear soup made from richly flavoured stock or bouillon. "Double" consommé is clarified often through a fining process involving egg protein. It usually requires an advanced knowledge of cooking and past experience to create a high quality consommé. Consommé has maintained its place as one of the most highly regarded and appreciated soups in the world.
gelatin desserts.

Generation gap

The term generation gap refers to the fact that a younger generation and their parents are thinking differently. The term was made popular in the 1960s.

Shawinigan

Shawinigan is a city on the Saint-Maurice River in Quebec, Canada. In 2011, 50060 people lived there.

Michel Angers was elected as mayor in the 2009 municipal election.

The name of the city has also been spelled different over periods of time: Chaouinigane, Oshaouinigane, Assaouinigane, Achawénégan, Chawinigame, Shawenigane, Chaouénigane and could either mean "portage", "portage of beeches", "angular portage" or "summit" or "crest".



Caroline Rhea

Caroline Gilchrist Rhea is a Canadian actress and stand-up comedian. She was the original host for the NBC reality show "The Biggest Loser" until Alison Sweeney took her place. Rhea also starred as Hilda Spellman for the situation comedy "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch" and replaced Rosie O'Donnell as the hostess for her syndicated talk show (which was renamed the "Caroline Rhea Show"). She was born April 13, 1964 in Montreal, Quebec.

Nova

A nova (plural "novae" or "novas") is a huge nuclear explosion on a white dwarf star. It causes a sudden brightening of the star.

Novae are not to be confused with other brightening phenomena such as supernovae. Novae occur on the surface of a white dwarf in a binary system. If the two stars of the system are close enough, material is pulled from the companion star's surface onto the white dwarf. This collection of hydrogen onto the surface of the star starts a runaway fusion reaction.

In spite of their violence, the amount of material ejected in novae is usually only about 1⁄10,000 of a solar mass, quite small relative to the mass of the white dwarf. Only five percent of the accreted mass is fused during the power outburst. This is enough energy to make nova ejecta to go outward as fast as several thousand kilometers per second—higher for some novae than others. The star also brightens, from a few times solar to 50,000–100,000 times solar. In 2010 scientists using NASA's Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope were surprised to discover, for the first time, that a nova can also emit gamma-rays (>100 MeV).

A white dwarf can potentially generate multiple novae over time as additional hydrogen continues to accrete onto its surface from its companion star. An example is RS Ophiuchi, which is known to have flared six times (in 1898, 1933, 1958, 1967, 1985, and 2006). Eventually, the white dwarf could explode as a type Ia supernova if it approaches the Chandrasekhar limit.

Occasionally a nova is bright enough and close enough to be seen by the unaided eye. The brightest recent example was Nova Cygni 1975. This nova appeared on 29 August 1975, in the constellation Cygnus about five degrees north of Deneb and reached magnitude 2.0 (nearly as bright as Deneb). The most recent were V1280 Scorpii, which reached magnitude 3.7 on 17 February 2007, and Nova Delphini 2013. Nova Centauri 2013 was discovered 2 December 2013 and is so far the brightest nova of this millennium reaching magnitude 3.3.

Astronomers estimate that the Milky Way experiences roughly 30 to 60 novae per year, with a likely rate of about 40. The number of novae discovered in the Milky Way each year is much lower, about 10. Roughly 25 novae brighter than about magnitude 20 are discovered in the Andromeda Galaxy each year and smaller numbers are seen in other nearby galaxies.

It Was a Good Day

"It Was a Good Day" is a 1993 single by American rapper Ice Cube. It was released from the album "The Predator". "It Was a Good Day" peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and number fifteen on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song also peaked at number twenty-seven on the UK Singles Chart.

UK single

Warming center

A warming center is a place where people can go to stay warm and dry when it is rainy or wet outside. They are like homeless shelters, except that they are only open when the weather is bad. 

Their main goal is to make sure that nobody is left out in the cold. Many people die from being wet and cold, every year.

Sometimes when it is windy, trees fall on them. Sometimes people get frostbite if it is very cold. But the main thing that people worry about is called hypothermia - that's when the body temperature gets too low. It can be fatal. When it is cold and windy, the wind chill factor makes it worse.

If people are old, drinking, or homeless, things can get very bad very fast if the weather goes bad. These things are all called risk factors. The level of risk goes way up making it more likely that they will become sick or maybe even die out in the cold. Scientists study these "risk factors" and put them all together with numbers. That kind of study is discussed below; it is called a "vulnerability index".

Warming Centers are mostly for people who are homeless who do not stay in homeless shelters. Sometimes they are also set up when blizzards occur or the power goes out. Sometimes they are set up when the roads are out due to landslides, avalanches, and blizzards. 

In some cases, when cold snaps threaten wildlife, warming centers are created and operated to protect endangered wild animals. Cold-blooded animals such as turtles are particularly vulnerable, as are their hatchlings. Emergency shelters vary in policy on pet, companion, or domesticated animals. 

Sometimes warming centers are set up in existing homeless shelters. However, some jurisdictions have laws says that only a certain number of people are allowed at any one time. This is because of things like fire codes. Sometimes an agreement with the neighbors prevents too many people because of parking and overcrowding of the neighborhood. 

Therefore, they need to find different locations.

These include churches and community organizations, but also may involve special real estate such as National Guard armories.

Warming centers are generally opened for only a few days at a time based on the conditions of the area, although some are open for a specific portion of the year when weather conditions are bad.

The City of Chicago opens its shelters from December 1 to March 1 each year, as well as any other times the temperature drops below freezing.

The City of Portland, Oregon, uses a more complicated formula to determine when to open centers; wet or dry conditions, the night's predicted lowest temperature, the three-day weather trend, wind, and whether snow may fall.

Opening a center depends on the weather conditions and the formula at that center. Each one is different because weather is different in each place. Lane County, Oregon utilizes an elaborate system of tiered readiness levels in collaboration with the American Red Cross. The Red Cross is involved with some warming centers. They use a system to tell the staff people to get ready. They refer to these levels as their "alert status". It goes all the way from normal good weather OUTLOOK status all the way up through different levels. Finally they reach "ACTIVATE", which means it is time to get to work.

Once a center has been set up, it is always a problem to make sure people know about it. 
A lot of people do not want to deal with the "authorities". Other people may be connected with the helping system. In the USA, some people came up with an idea to help fix that problem. The government agency in charge of these issues is called Housing and Urban Development. That agency requires a homeless count every two years. Organizations such as w:Common Ground are trying to reach out to more people with the homeless counts and use these counts to get a list of homeless people who need some help. Hopefully one of the good things to come from all of that work is there will be better ways to make sure people know about the warming centers. 

Centers often coordinate with outside programs such as 211. Newspapers are generally published weekly or less frequently, which makes them useful only for general information such as contact numbers and locations. 

For transportation to centers, some shelters offer free transportation. In some cases for persons being released from jail can get rides, if the weather is bad.
In blizzard conditions, snowmobilers have been mobilized.

Once opened and populated, warming centers typically offer only the most bare-bones of service: a cot and perhaps a bowl of hot soup. They are generally operated with one or more experienced professional staff person. This is due to the difficulties which untrained volunteers might encounter in dealing with the clientele. Often, users of warming centers are persons who are not participating in routine homeless shelter services due. This may be due to disciplinary problems and issues with behavior, such as drinking and fighting. Sometimes it takes a professional to figure out who might be disruptive or even dangers as opposed to who is just a little bit eccentric or odd. That is why it is important to have experienced staff.

Some people who use warming centers do not have major issues: maybe they are just on the road and the weather takes a turn for the worse. Or they do not stay in shelters because they do not like the rules or have personality problems with a staff person.

Sometime warming centers are started because someone dies from the cold or many people are at risk.They seem to go back as far as 1945, at the end of World War II. In Berlin, Germany, clothing and blankets were allowed for under the air lift plan. Also, an extensive plan was developed for public "warming centers."

Nowadays, U.S. warming centers are springing up all over the place. They are seen as a means to help the homeless who usually stay outdoors. The main time is during temperature and rainfall "spikes". 

However, there may not be room in the shelters for everyone who needs them. According to Detroit writer Naomi Spencer, they serve also as "a last resort for homeless people to find respite [relief] from the cold, especially those with drug addictions, mental illness, or criminal backgrounds, who may not meet requirements imposed by some homeless shelters or religious charity operations."
Others, including straight edge, DIY, or anarchist-identified persons may choose to live "off-the-grid", outside the regular system of housing. They are not there because of sobriety issues.

Others simply find shelters too regimented, too much like jail. Newspaperman Mike Hendricks quotes a former resident of an unauthorized homeless encampment named Crow, who said that "some guys would sooner do what they want and not be told what to do."

Tom Brown's "Field Guide to City and Suburban Survival" contains chapters on shelters and heating. He also outlines means of creating a personal warming center by using ATM access cards. His recommendations have been circulated by Chicago's urban community activist Chrisdian Wittenburg, including instructions on building a makeshift stove and a plethora of collaborative cultural projects.

Perception of the importance and priority of warming centers varies. At one extreme, their under-utilization or minimal level of service is said to be unfriendly. During the blizzard of February 2011, the City of Ottawa, Illinois did not have established warming centers. A temporary facility was set up. People had to bring their own food and blankets. There was criticism of that. According to a man calling himself "Poppy", the "have-nots...can all freeze to death...here in the friendly city." In Detroit, there was federal money for a warming center, but the money was not given to the proper officials in time, or at all. This failure to distribute Community Development Block Grants resulted in a situation where people slept in plastic chairs or "in cold hallways".

At the other end, critics have asked if churches are the right place for handling the kind of people who are likely to come in the door. Many people say that the warming centers tend to keep things the way they are, to maintain the "status quo". That is because they do not get to the root of the problems.

Sue Murphy is the administrative director of Interfaith Action of Evanston, Illinois, which has a daytime center. It is used for a time slot when the overnight shelters are closed. She states that warmth and snacks "is not nearly enough...what we need is a place where they can go the whole winter."

Her concerns are seconded by Sue Loellebach of Connections for the Homeless, who laments the lack of warm refuge during daylight hours..



Bobby Hull

Robert Marvin "Bobby" Hull, OC (January 3, 1939 – January 30, 2023) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger.

Hull is highly regarded as one of the greatest ice hockey players of all time and perhaps the greatest left winger to ever play the game of hockey. Hull was known for his blonde hair, blinding skating speed, and having the fastest shot in the game which also earned him the nickname, "the Golden Jet".

Hull played 17 seasons in the NHL with 3 teams, the Chicago Black Hawks for 15 seasons, the Winnipeg Jets for 1 season and the Hartford Whalers for 1 season.
Hull was inducted in the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1983.


Scarp (landform)

Scarp is a term in geology and geography with several similar meanings.


Scarps are generally formed by one or both: 
Most commonly, an escarpment is a transition from one series of sedimentary rocks to another series of a different age and composition.

Escarpments are also frequently formed by faults. When a fault displaces the ground surface so that one side is higher than the other, a fault scarp is created. This brings a piece of high ground next to an area of lower ground.

More loosely, the term scarp describes the zone between coastal lowlands and continental plateaus. A marked, abrupt change in height is caused by coastal erosion at the base of the plateau.

Georg von Békésy

Georg von Békésy (3 June 1899 – 13 June 1972) was an Hungarian biophysicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1961 for his findings on the function of the cochlea in the mammalian inner ear. He was born in Budapest, Hungary and died in Honolulu, Hawaii, United States.

Frostbite

Frostbite is the localized medical condition where freezing cold temperatures damage skin and other tissue. It is most likely to happen in body parts farthest from the heart and in body parts with large exposed areas with many blood circulations. It most often occurs in toes. It may be seen along with Hypothermia.

Also, if the affected parts are not amputated, the person is likely to suffer from a disease called gangrene. 

Gustave Eiffel

Alexandre Gustave Eiffel (December 15, 1832 – December 27, 1923; , ) was a French structural engineer and architect. He is known for designing the Eiffel Tower. He also designed the armature (supporting framework) for the Statue of Liberty, New York Harbor, United States.

Bullshit

Bullshit (also selmo, bullplop, bullbutter, bovine stool) is a common English language expletive. It can be used also as an interjection or as many other parts of speech. Usually, it is a noun, verb or interjection that describes a lie. It shows that someone is trying to deceive, e.g. "Stop bullshitting me" ("Don't try to deceive me. I know what you are saying is a lie."). 

Black-eyed pea

The black-eyed pea, also called black-eyed bean, a subspecies of the cowpea, is a medium-sized edible bean. Humans first grew the pea probably in West Africa, but it is now grown all over the world.
In Nigeria, and the Caribbean, a traditional dish called "akara" is made of mashed black-eyed peas and salt, onions and peppers are added.

Circuit of the Americas

The Circuit of the Americas is a motor racing circuit in Austin, Texas. Hermann Tilke designed the circuit in the middle of 2010. Construction was started in early 2011. It is planned to open in 2012. The circuit will run counter-clockwise.

The circuit will host the United States Grand Prix. Starting in 2013, it will host MotoGP races for 10 years. It will also host a round of V8 Supercars, an Australia-based touring car racing series, starting in 2013.

2012 Formula One World Championship

The 2012 Formula One season was the 63rd season of the Formula One World Championship. The season had 20 races, starting in Australia on 18 March and ended in Brazil on 25 November. The 2012 season saw the return of the United States Grand Prix, which was held at the Circuit of the Americas, in Austin, Texas. After being cancelled in 2011 due to civil protests, the Bahrain Grand Prix also returned to the calendar.

Seven different drivers won the first seven races of the championship. a record for the series. It was not until the European Grand Prix in June that a driver, Ferrari's Fernando Alonso, won his second race of the year. Alonso was the championship leader for the next seven races, taking his third win in Germany and finishing on the podium in the United Kingdom, Italy and Singapore. However, first-lap retirements in Belgium and Japan allowed others to catch up, and defending World Champion Sebastian Vettel—like Alonso, a two-time winner—took the lead in the sixteenth race of the season. Vettel, too, had problems during the season; contact with a backmarker left him to finish outside the points in Malaysia, while alternator failures at the European and Italian Grands Prix cost him valuable points and exclusion from qualifying in Abu Dhabi led him to start from the pit lane. Vettel entered the final race of the season with a thirteen-point lead over Alonso. Alonso needed a podium finish to stand any chance of becoming World Drivers' Champion, but in a race that finished under the safety car, Vettel finished in sixth place, scoring enough points to win his third consecutive championship, becoming the third driver to do so. In the World Constructors' Championship, Red Bull Racing secured their third consecutive title when Sebastian Vettel finished second at the United States Grand Prix.

In addition to seeing seven different winners at the first seven races, the season also had the most races ever in a season with twenty, beating the last record of nineteen, which was first set in 2005. Six current or former World Drivers' Champions—Sebastian Vettel, Fernando Alonso, Jenson Button, Lewis Hamilton, Kimi Räikkönen, and Michael Schumacher—started the season, breaking the record of five established in 1970.

The pre-season testing season began immediately after the 2011 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix with a three-day 'Young Driver Test' (for drivers with fewer than three Formula One race starts to their name) at the Yas Marina Circuit from 15–17 November 2011. Toro Rosso test driver and Formula Renault 3.5 Series runner-up Jean-Éric Vergne was the fastest driver in every session over the three-day test, driving for Red Bull Racing. The Young Driver Tests also saw the debut of Pirelli's 2012 tyre compounds, with all bar one of the tyre compounds used in 2011 having undergone significant revisions. Several teams, including Williams and Mercedes used the event to test parts for the 2012 season in the face of a ban on exhaust-blown diffusers.

After a dispute between the Formula One Teams Association and the FIA in the first half of , a new Concorde Agreement was signed on 1 August 2009 by the then FIA president Max Mosley and all of the existing teams. The new agreement provided for a continuation of the terms of the 1998 Concorde Agreement, and ran until 31 December 2012.

The FIA published a provisional entry list on 30 November 2011.


Bernie Ecclestone wanted to see the calendar increase to a record 20 rounds, the maximum he feels is viable. A provisional calendar was announced in June 2011, with a record 21 races. FIA President Jean Todt later said that the 2012 calendar would have no more than 20, but did not say which race would be removed. On 29 July 2011, a second provisional calendar was released, confirming that the Turkish Grand Prix would be discontinued. The final calendar was released on 7 December 2011.





Points are awarded to the top 10 classified finishers.

Notes:

Notes:

Great horned owl

The Great horned owl ("Bubo virginianus") is the largest owl in North America. It is sometimes called the hoot owl. 

This widespread bird of prey lives in mountains, grasslands, conifer forests, deserts, chapparals, and many other habitats in North and South America. Its call is a far-carrying hoot.

This owl is 18 to 25 inches (46-64 cm) long and has a wing span of 52 to 55 inches (1.3-1.4 m); its weight averages about 3 pounds (1.5 kg). 

The feathers of the horned owl are gray to brown to buff to black. There is a patch of white feathers on the brown chest (called a "gular"). The eyes are yellow with round black pupils.

The great horned owl hunts and eats mammals (like rabbits, woodchucks, mice, rats, and squirrels), birds (ducks, quail, and geese), and fish. 

The owl is at the top of the food web; it has no major predators. It sometimes eats its prey whole and later regurgitates the bones, fur, and feathers in pellets.

Capital Region International Airport

Capital Region International Airport , is a public airport in DeWitt Township, Clinton County, Michigan. The airport is northwest of Lansing, Michigan. The airport has three runways and is 2160 acres (874.12 ha) in size. The airport is owned and operated by the Capital Region Airport Authority.

The airport opened in July 1928. Cargo service from the airport began on July 17, 1928, on Transamerican Airlines. Passenger service began on September 1, 1929, on Kohler Airlines. The current terminal building opened in 1959. The first international flights (to Cancún, Mexico) began in December 2009 on USA3000 Airlines. Allegiant Air served the airport from 2003-2009 and 2012-2015 with flights to Florida.

Delta Air Lines, Sun Country Airlines, and United Airlines are passenger airlines that serve Capital Region International Airport. UPS Airlines is a cargo airline that serves the airport.

The airport has domestic passenger flights to Atlanta, Chicago, Detroit, Minneapolis, and Washington, D.C. The airport has seasonal international passenger flights to Cancún, Mexico and Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. The airport has cargo flights to Columbus and Louisville.

A total of 376,790 passengers flew to and from Capital Region International Airport in 2014. Another 418,850 passengers flew in 2013. Earlier, 656,703 passengers flew in 2000. 45,896,074 pounds (20,818,109 kg) of cargo flew to and from the airport in 2014. 64,844,276 pounds (29,412,869 kg) of cargo flew in 2000.



Daniel Bedingfield

Daniel Bedingfield (born 3 December 1979) is a New Zealand-born British singer-songwriter. He was raised in South London. His song "Gotta Get Thru This" became #1 in United Kingdom's Top 40 in December 2001. His album, also titled "Gotta Get Thru This" went to number 2 on the UK albums chart. His sisters are singers Natasha Bedingfield and Nikola Rachelle. Bedingfield was a judge on the first season of The X Factor NZ in 2013.

In 2004, Bedingfield won a BRIT Award for "Best British Male Artist".

Bedingfield is a Christian.


Belén Esteban

Belén Esteban Menéndez is a Spanish television personality. She presents the television show "Sálvame" with Jorge Javier Vazquez.

Holy Week

Holy Week (Latin: "Hebdomas Sancta" or "Hebdomas Maior", "Greater Week"; Greek: "Μεγάλη Ἑβδομάς", "Megale Hebdomas") is the commemoration of the last week of Jesus Christ's ministry on earth. Holy Week is the last week of Lent. It begins with Palm Sunday and leads up to Easter Sunday.


Amanda Seyfried

Amanda Michelle Seyfried (born December 3, 1985) is an American actress, singer-songwriter and former child model. At 11, she became a child model, and at 15 she became a television actress. She is known for her roles in "Mamma Mia!" and "Mean Girls".

She starred in "As the World Turns" and "All My Children". In 2004, Seyfried started her movie career, acting in "Mean Girls".

She also appeared in a number of other movies: "Nine Lives" (2005), "Alpha Dog" (2006), "Mamma Mia!" (2008), "Jennifer's Body", "Chloe", "Dear John", "Veronica Mars" and "Letters to Juliet".

In 2006, she had a lead role on HBO's television series "Big Love".


Mario Casas

Mario Casas Sierra (born 12 July, 1986, A Coruña) is a Spanish actor. He has starred in "Los hombres de Paco" (2007–2010), "Fuga de cerebros" (2009), and "Tres metros sobre el cielo" (2010)

Sinodelphys

Sinodelphys is an extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous. It is a member of the infraclass Metatheria, the group which contains modern marsupials.

To date, it is the oldest metatherian fossil known, estimated to be 125 million years old. This makes it almost contemporary to the earliest placental fossils, which have been found in the same area.

It was discovered and described in 2003 in rocks of the Yixian Formation in Liaoning Province, China, by a team of scientists. 

"Sinodelphys szalayi" grew only 15 cm (5.9 in) long and possibly weighed about 30 g (1.05 oz). 

Its fossilized skeleton is surrounded by impressions of fur and soft tissue. Rapid burial followed volcanic events, and the fine sediment preserved details. 

From its foot structure it is thought that "Sinodelphys" was a tree-dweller, like its non-marsupial contemporary "Eomaia" and modern opossums such as "Didelphis". "Sinodelphys" probably hunted worms and insects. 

Most Mesozoic metatherians have been found in North America and Asia. Most lived during the Upper Cretaceous between 90-65 million years ago.


The Art of Getting By

The Art of Getting By is a 2011 American romantic drama movie that was produced by Darren Goldberg, Gia Walsh, Kara Baker and P. Jennifer Dana and was directed by Gavin Wiesen. "Homework" (its original name) was first shown at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2011, and was released in theaters in North America on June 17, 2011. The movie premiered under the title "Homework" at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and was released as "The Art of Getting By".


Peppermint

The Peppermint is a hybrid plant of the mint family. It is originally from Europe, but grown and sold all over the world. It is a hybrid of watermint and spearmint. Carolus Linnaeus first described the plant in 1753, from samples that had been collected in England. He treated it as a species, but modern biology mostly treats it as a hybrid.

The peppermint is found in some medications, in particular Skumin’s mixture.

Emotional intelligence

Emotional intelligence (EI) is the ability to know, understand, and manage emotions. People with high EI know their own emotions and the emotions of other people, and they are able to use emotions to think and live better. This thought model claims that high EI helps people to be successful in life.There are several different models that disagree about the exact definition of the term. Even though there does not seem to be an exact definition, the model itself can be applied in various ways, across different domains.

Nowadays, there are 3 main models of EI:

EI is often measured as an Emotional Intelligence Quotient (EQ).

Bulletproof (La Roux song)

"Bulletproof" is a 2009 song by the English electropop duo La Roux off their self-titled album. It was released in the United Kingdom in June 2009 and was highly received by the critics. This song debuted at #1 on the UK Singles Chart. It was a sleeper hit in the United States, peaking at number eight.

Truffle

A truffle is the fruiting body of an underground mushroom. Its spores are dispersed by fungivores (animals that eat fungi). Almost all truffles are found in close association with trees (see mycorrhiza).

Truffles are used as a food additive in cooking. The truffles improve the flavour. There are hundreds of species of truffles that can be used, but the fruiting body of some (mostly in the genus "Tuber") are highly prized. The 18th-century French gastronome Brillat-Savarin called these truffles "the diamond of the kitchen". Edible truffles are expensive because they are held in high esteem in "haute cuisine". They are used in the cuisine of many countries in Europe and worldwide.

The "black truffle" or "black Périgord truffle" "Tuber melanosporum" is named after the Périgord region in France and grows only with oak. Specimens can be found in late autumn and winter, reaching 7 cm in diameter and weighing up to 100 g. Production is almost exclusively European, with France accounting for 45%, Spain 35%, Italy 20%, and small amounts from Slovenia, Croatia and the Australian states of Tasmania and Western Australia (see below). In 1900, France produced around 1,000 metric tonnes (1,100 short tons) of "Tuber melanosporum". Production has considerably shrunk in the past century, and is now around 20 metric tonnes (22 short tons) per year, with peaks at 46 metric tonnes (50 short tons) in the best years. About 80% of the French production comes from southeast France. The largest truffle market in France (and probably also in the world) is at Richerenches in Vaucluse. The largest truffle market in southwest France is at Lalbenque in Quercy. These markets are busiest in the month of January, when the black truffles have their highest perfume. As of December 2009, black truffles were sold for about €1,000 per kilo in a farmer's market and €3,940 per kilo in a retail saler.

The "white truffle" or "Alba madonna" or "Tuber magnatum" comes from the Montferrat and Langhe areas of the Piedmont region in northern Italy and in the countryside around the city of Alba. It is also found in Croatia, on the Istria peninsula in the Motovun forest alongside Mirna river. They grow with oak, hazel, poplar and beech trees, and fruit in autumn. They can reach 12 cm diameter and 500 g, though are usually much smaller. The flesh is pale cream or brown with white marbling. Like the French black truffles, Italian white truffles are very highly esteemed ("illustration, left"). The white truffle market in Alba is busiest in the months of October and November, where a 1.6-pound white truffle sold to "The Cody" of southern California for $150,000 on November 8, 2009 during the 79th White Truffle Festival. In 2001, the "Tuber magnatum" truffles sold for between US$1,000 and $2,200 per pound; as of December 2009 they were being sold at €10,200 per kilogram.

Giancarlo Zigante and his dog Diana found one of the largest truffles in the world near Buje, Croatia. The truffle weighed and has entered the Guinness Book of Records.

The record price paid for a single white truffle was set in December 2007, when Macau casino owner Stanley Ho paid US$330,000 (£165,000) for a specimen weighing , discovered by Luciano Savini and his dog Rocco. One of the largest truffles found in decades, it was unearthed near Pisa and sold at an auction held simultaneously in Macau, Hong Kong and Florence. This record was then matched on November 27, 2010 when Ho again paid US$330,000 for a pair of white truffles including one weighing nearly a kilogram.

Looking for truffles in open ground is almost always carried out with specially trained pigs (hogs) or, more recently, dogs. The Lagotto Romagnolo is the only dog breed recognized for sniffing out truffles (although virtually any breed could be trained for this purpose).
The female pig's natural truffle-seeking, as well as her intent to eat the truffle, is due to a compound in the truffle. This compound is similar to androstenol, the sex pheromone of boar saliva, to which the sow is keenly attracted.

In Italy, the use of the pig to hunt truffles is prohibited since 1985 due to damage caused by animals to truffle's mycelia during the digging that dropped the production rate of the area for some years.

Truffles can be cultivated, but it is not easy. The two world wars disrupted the growing of truffles in Europe, and changes in land use has reduced the available area. Truffles are now being cultivated in Australia and New Zealand.



Sweetbread

Sweetbreads or ris are culinary names for the thymus or the pancreas glands especially of the calf ("ris de veau") and lamb ("ris d'agneau") (although beef and pork sweetbreads are also eaten).

Various other glands used as food have also been called 'sweetbreads', including the parotid gland, the sublingual glands, and testicles ("cf." Rocky Mountain oyster). The "heart" sweetbreads are more spherical in shape, and surrounded symmetrically by the "throat" sweetbreads, which are more cylindrical in shape.

One common preparation of sweetbreads involves soaking in salt water, then poaching in milk, after which the outer membrane is removed. Once dried and chilled, they are often breaded and fried. They are also used for stuffing or in pâtés. They are grilled in many Latin American cuisines, such as in the Argentine asado, and served in bread in Turkish cuisine.

The word "sweetbread" is first known in the 16th century, but the logic behind the name is unclear. "Sweet" is perhaps used since the thymus is sweet and rich tasting, as opposed to savoury tasting muscle flesh. "Bread" may come from "brede" 'roasted meat'.

Culinary name

Culinary name is the name of an ingredient when used in the kitchen for preparing food. Sometimes the kitchen name is used because it sounds more attractive than the real name, or because a cheaper ingredient can be linked with a more expensive one. The culinary name may also refer to a way of cooking or to a region, or using a particular ingredient


Ken Salazar

Kenneth Lee Salazar (born March 2, 1955) is an American politician. He is the United States Ambassador to Mexico since September 14, 2021.

Salazar was a member of the United States Senate from Colorado from 2005 until being appointed as the United States Secretary of the Interior in 2008 by President Barack Obama. Salazar officially became secretary in 2009. He resigned as secretary in 2013. Salazar is a Democrat.

Before being elected to the U.S. Senate, Salazar was the Colorado Attorney General from 1999 until 2005.

In May 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Salazar as the Ambassador to Mexico. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on August 11, 2021.

Salazar was born in Alamosa, Colorado. He studied at Colorado College and at the University of Michigan. 

Jean Casimir-Perier

Jean Paul Pierre Casimir-Perier (; 8 November 1847 – 11 March 1907) was a French politician, fifth president of the French Third Republic.

He was born in Paris, the son of Auguste Casimir-Perier and the grandson of Casimir Pierre Perier, premier of Louis Philippe. He entered public life as secretary to his father, who was minister of the interior under the presidency of Thiers.

On 17 August 1883, he became under-secretary of state for war, a post he retained until 7 January 1885. From 1890 to 1892 he was vice-president of the chamber, then in 1893 president. On 3 December he became prime-minister and foreign minister, but heresigned in May 1894, and was re-elected president of the chamber.

On 24 June 1894, after the assassination of President Carnot, he was elected president of the republic by 451 votes against 195 for Henri Brisson and 97 for Charles Dupuy. He was president for only six months. The day after Dupuy resigned, on 14 January 1895, Casimir-Perier resigned, saying he was ignored by the ministers, who did not consult him before taking decisions, and did not keep him informed upon political events, especially in foreign affairs.

From that time he completely abandoned politics, and devoted himself to business - especially mining. At the trial of Alfred Dreyfus at Rennes, Casimir-Perier's evidence, as opposed to that of General Mercier, was of great value to the cause of Dreyfus.

Hilda Solis

Hilda Solis (born October 20, 1957) is an American politician. She is currently a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors for District 1. Before being elected to the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors for District 1, she was the United States Secretary of Labor from 2009 to 2013. Solis was a member of the United States House of Representatives from California's 32nd congressional district before being elected as the Secretary of Labor. Prior to being a U.S. Representative, she was a California State Senator and a member of the California State Assembly. She was the first Hispanic woman to serve in the California State Senate. Solis is a Democrat. She was elected to the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors for District 1 on June 3, 2014. She was sworn in on December 1, 2014.

Louis de Béchamel

Louis de Béchamel, marquis de Nointel (1630–1703) was a French "financier" and patron of the arts.

Son of Jean-Baptiste Béchamel, Louis was a rich tax farmer and superintendent to the house of the Philippe II, Duke of Orléans. In 1697, Béchamel bought the "marquisat" of Nointel and later became Louis XIV's head steward.

Béchamel and his wife, Marie Colbert (d. April 3, 1686) had two children, Marie Louise Béchamel de Nointel (1661 – April 2, 1740) and Louis Béchamel de Nointel (1649 – December 31, 1718).

The white sauce called béchamel sauce (Fr. "sauce béchamel") acquired its name from him for he perfected an older sauce made from cream originally made by François Pierre de la Varenne (1615–1678), the cook of the marquis d'Uxelles. The sauce was dedicated to Béchamel to flatter him, at which the Duke of Escars commented: 

Kathleen Sebelius

Kathleen Sebelius (born May 15, 1948) is an American politician. She was the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2009 to 2014. Before becoming the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Sebelius was a governor from Kansas. "Time Magazine" listed Sebelius as one of America's five best governors in 2005. Sebelius is a Democrat. She resigned on April 10, 2014.

Lojze Grozde

Lojze Grozde was a Slovenian student who was killed by partisans during World War II. His death is recognised as martyrdom by the Catholic Church. He was beatified on June 13, 2010.

Grozde was born on May 27, 1923 in the village of Gorenje Vodale, Tržišče near Mokronog in Lower Carniola, Slovenia.
He was an illegitimate child. When he was four years old, his mother married. His stepfather chased him away each time he wanted to see his mother. Later, because Lojze was a good pupil, the stepfather became friendlier towards him, and so he remained at the house and his aunt took care of him. She saw to his schooling and sent him to a school in Ljubljana, where she was working as a servant. Some benefactors helped her support her nephew. He stayed at the Marijanišče boarding school and attended "Classical Secondary School" ("Klasična gimnazija") in Ljubljana. There he was an outstanding student; but found time for literary creativity too and so became poet and writer. He was a member of Catholic Action and a member of the Marian Congregation. Towards the end of his high schooling World War II was approaching. Circumstances were becoming increasingly strained. This was also the time when Lojze had to make a decision about his vocation. He sought his path in life through meditation and learning, in deep prayer, and in apostolic work for others.

During his summer vacation of 1942 he did not go home because there was a lot of violence and it was not easy to travel. It was only for New Year 1943 that he decided to visit his relatives. He asked for a permit to travel home. First he visited a friend of his at the village of Struge. On 1 January 1943, the first Friday, he attended mass at the monastery at Stična, where he received communion for the last time in his young life; then travelled by train from Ivančna Gorica to Trebnje, where he found he could not travel further because the rails had been destroyed. He decided to continue to Mirna on foot, and on the way he rode in a cart. By the first house at Mirna he had to get out of the cart because a partisan guard seized and interrogated him. On him they found a devotional book, The Imitation of Christ by Thomas a Kempis and a booklet on Our Lady of Fatima. He was taken to a nearby inn and interrogated, tortured, and killed. Three hours earlier the seminarian Janez Hočevar, who wanted to visit his relatives in nearby Šentrupert, had been also shot. Lojze Grozde was suspected of being an informant; the communists saw in him the mentality that they deprecated and persecuted.

Soon rumors spread about cruel way the Tone Tomšič Partisan Brigade, which had conquered Mirna, celebrated the New Year.
Some others maintain that Grozde was not tortured. 
Other sources state that he was tortured.

On 23 February 1943 the fate of Lojze Grozde was partly revealed, indicating that he had been tortured. Schoolchildren picking snowdrops found his corpse. Although there were traces of torture on his body, the corpse itself was uncorrupted. His body was taken to nearby Šentrupert, where a committee made a report. The body of Lojze Grozde was buried at the cemetery in Šentrupert because it was impossible to take it to his home parish of Tržišče under the difficult circumstances of those days. The news of the violent torture and death of this innocent student struck fear among people and shocked the students in Ljubljana.

On the 50th anniversary of the death of Lojze Grozde, the Archdiocese of Ljubljana started a process to recognize his martyrdom and also his beatification and canonization. When Pope John Paul II visited Slovenia for the first time in 1996, he mentioned Lojze Grozde twice. He said, "The servant of God Lojze Grozde is just one of innumerable innocent victims of Communism that raise the palm of martyrdom as an indelible memory and admonition. He was a disciple of Christ." Pope Benedict XVI said that "saints are not the past, but they represent the present and the future of the Church and society. They fully realized love in truth, which is the highest value in Christian life; their figures are like prisms that in various casts reflect the unique light of Christ."

On March 27, 2010 the news came from Rome that Pope Benedict XVI had affirmed the martyrdom of Lojze Grozde. Thus a solemn beatification is allowed that took place at the Slovenian eucharistic congress in Celje on June 13, 2010.
In his introduction to the biography of Lojze Grozde by Anton Strle, who is also a candidate for sainthood, Taras Kermauner wrote: "Grozde combines the ardour and apostolate of Friderik Baraga, the asceticism and suffering of Janez Frančišek Gnidovec, a gift for organization, and the Slovenian national consciousness of Blessed Anton Martin Slomšek ... He symbolizes the entire martyrdom suffered by Christians and Catholic Slovenians during World War II and afterwards for their affiliation to their faith ... His personality should be returned to the common Slovenian consciousness of heroes that have been praised and elevated to the first plane as the only models. Today a man like Grozde is needed as our model – a martyr, a saint. Not a man of aggressive military action thinking he will put forward God with arms and the blood of other or foreign people ... I do not fear to write that Grozde belongs among the greatest young Slovenians; that his attitude is fitting and most precious."




Szilárd Bogdánffy

Szilárd Ignác Bogdánffy (21 February 1911 – 3 October 1953) was a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of Satu Mare and Oradea of the Latins. On October 30, 2010 he was proclaimed blessed in a ceremony held in St. Mary's Basilica, Oradea, Romania, being recognized as a martyr of the Communist period.

Szilárd Bogdánffy was born on February 21, 1911 in the village of Feketetõ, then part of Torontal district, Austria-Hungary; today called Crna Bara, near the town of Kikinda, district Northern Banat, autonomous province of Vojvodina, Serbia. He lived there with his family until 1925. He was baptized in the parish church of Čoka to which his village belonged and where his father was a cantor.

Bogdánffy went to elementary school in Crna Bara, until 1925 when the Bogdánffy family moved to Timişoara a city in Eastern part of Banat. There he went to the Piarists high school. After his final exams, he was accepted to the Catholic seminary of the Latin-rite Diocese of Oradea. He was ordained a priest by the bishop of Oradea Stefan Fiedler on the June 29, 1934. He continued his studies at the University of Budapest, where he earned a PhD in philosophy and dogmatics (with a thesis on “Apocalyptics in the Synoptic Gospels”). Upon his return to Romania he became professor of the Catholic seminary in Oradea and confessor at the Ursuline convent in the city. In 1939 he was followed by the Royal Romanian Secret Services for alleged anti-Romanian activity. During World War II – because he was hiding Jews – he was also interrogated by the Hungarian Fascist „Nyílás” gendarmes.

After the end of the war, the new Romanian communist leadership started a campaign against Christian (especially against the catholic Christian) religion. As a consequence, the Vatican allowed secret consecration of bishops. Dr. Szilárd Bogdánffy was consecrated as bishop of Oradea of the Latins and auxiliary bishop of Satu Mare on February 14, 1949 by Gerald Patrick O’Hara, Regent of the Apostolic Nunciature to Bucharest. The new bishop was arrested and imprisoned only two months later. He had previously been approached, on several occasions, by representatives o the regime, with the request that he lead an "independent Romanian Latin-rite Church, with no ties to the Vatican" which he adamantly refused. Until his death he spent four years as a captive in various prisons throughout Romania, including the evil reputed Capul-Midia camp. He fell seriously ill, being affected by bad conditions and regular tortures. In Aiud Prison, as the Byzantine rite Catholic bishop of Lugoj, Ioan Ploscaru recalled, Bishop Bogdánffy was "humble and serene, always ready to help his fellow sufferers". Although lying with serious pneumonia, the prison doctor refused him the necessary medication claiming he was not worthy of it. He died in solitary confinement on October 3rd, 1953 in the prison of Aiud, Romania.

His beatification took place on October 30th, 2010, in Oradea. Saint mass with 200 priests, 42 bishops and two cardinals guided and during it preached Cardinal Péter Erdő, Archbishop of Esztergom-Budapest, President of the Council of European Bishops' Conferences (CCEE). The same ceremony of beatification was presided by the Cardinal and Archbishop Angelo Amato, President of the Congregation for causes of the Saints. He is the first Catholic martyred during the Communist regime in Romania to be elevated to the honor of the altars.



Trevor Bayne

Trevor Bayne (born February 19, 1991) is an American race car driver. Until 2019, Bayne drove the No. 6 Ford Fusion for Roush Fenway Racing. On February 20, 2011 Trevor Bayne won the 2011 Daytona 500. Bayne is the youngest driver to win the Daytona 500.

Trevor Bayne started racing Go-Karts when he was 5 years old. Bayne won over 300 races and 22 championships in Go-Karts. In 2005, Bayne started racing in the Allison Legacy Series. He drove in 22 races, and won 12 of those races. In 2006, Bayne raced for Team Rensi in the USAR Pro Hooters Cup, and he won the Rookie of the Year award at age of 15. In 2007, Bayne left Team Rensi to race for Dale Earnhardt, Inc.

For the 2008 season, Bayne drove the #1 car for Dale Earnhardt Incorporated in the NASCAR Camping World East Series. Bayne had 6 Top 5's, two poles and one win at Thompson International Speedway in his 6th start. In the 2009 season Bayne made his first NASCAR Nationwide Series start for Means Racing in the #52 Taco Bell Chevrolet at Bristol Motor Speedway. Bayne also agreed to drive the #99 Aarons Toyota for Michael Waltrip Racing for 8 races. Bayne got his career best finish at O'Reilly Raceway Park when he finished 7. In September 2010, Bayne left Diamond-Waltrip Racing and went to drive for Roush-Fenway Racing. He will drive for Roush-Fenway Racing in the 2011 season in the NASCAR Nationwide Series. He made his first NASCAR Sprint Cup Series start in the 2010 AAA Texas 500 at Texas Motor Speedway with Wood Brothers Racing. Bayne is the first driver to compete in one of the top three NASCAR series to be born in 1991.

Bayne drove the #21 Wood Brothers Racing Ford in 17 Sprint Cup Series races in 2011. He did not competing for the Rookie of the Year award because he was racing the full Nationwide Series season. Bayne won his first Sprint Cup Series race in his second race ever, the 2011 Daytona 500. This win makes him the second youngest driver ever to win a Sprint Cup Series race, and the youngest ever driver to win the Daytona 500. In 2015 Bayne started racing full time in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series for Roush Fenway Racing.


Ambrosia (band)

Ambrosia are a pop rock music group. It formed in the Los Angeles area around 1970. They had many radio hits in the 1970s, although much of the material is progressive in nature. The founding members of Ambrosia grew up in southern California.


Miguel Olivo

Miguel Olivo (born July 15, 1978) is a Major League Baseball player from Villa Vasquez, Dominican Republic. Olivo plays as a catcher for the Seattle Mariners. In 1996, Olivo was signed as a free agent by the Oakland Athletics. In December, 2000, he was traded to the Chicago White Sox for Chad Bradford. Olivo made his Major League Baseball debut on September 15, 2002, for the Chicago White Sox. On December 9, 2010, Olivo signed a two year, seven million dollar deal with the Seattle Mariners.

Vulnerability index

The vulnerability index is a tool for finding out who among the street homeless population needs health care and housing the most. It is being used in more and more cities in the USA. Volunteeers conduct a survey of people living in homeless shelters, warming centers and people who do not have any housing at all.

The vulnerability index is from the work of Dr. Jim O'Connell of Boston's Healthcare for the Homeless. He was concerned about the causes of death of unsheltered homeless individuals living on the street. A national drive is underway by Common Ground to work with the HUD homeless count. Since communities are doing the count, he believes that is a good time to do the vulnerability index too. Its' people say that using it will help getting needy individuals off the street.

The vulnerability index has been tried out in a lot of other places not just the East Coast. These include Charlotte, North Carolina, Albuquerque, New Mexico and Santa Monica, California.

Breaking Ground

Breaking Ground, formerly called Common Ground is a nonprofit social services organization. It provides housing for the homeless and others. Their philosophy holds that housing costs less than homeless shelters. It also costs many times less than jail cells or hospital rooms, They also believe that people with psychiatric and other problems can better manage them once they have a place to live. It was started in 1990 by Rosanne Haggerty. Since then the organization has created more than 2,000 units of housing for the homeless. "This is about creating a small town, rather than just a building," according to Haggerty. "It’s about a real mixed society, working with many different people."

Haggerty’s work was recognized in 2001. She was selected as a prize winner and received and award called a MacArthur Fellowship award. The MacArthur Foundation praised her work in saving historic buildings, and fixing them up. She used creative financing which means new ways to deal with banks and other organizations that provide money for housing. 

Among Common Ground's activities is documentation of the homeless population. In other words, to study them and write down what is going on so that people can figure out a plan of action. Sometimes this is done while counting the homeless. These counts are sometimes called "enumeration" because they put a number on how many homeless there are. 

In these counts, there is a way of writing down who is most vulnerable, who is most in danger from being homeless. This is called a vulnerability index. Workers complete the vulnerability index by asking about medical problems. Then they try to persuade those who spend the most time on the streets to seek permanent housing. They do this even if the people still have drug, alcohol or medical problems. Some of those involved in the issue of homelessness consider Common Ground a pioneer - someone who thinks up new ways to deal with old problems. 

However, the count is not an end to itself, but a first step. According to Becky Kanis, the Director of Common Ground’s "Innovations Department",

The important part is what we do with this information. We want to move from crisis management to lasting solutions. Other cities have done that successfully. We plan to do the same. ... At the real end of the day the only thing that’s going to matter is the people who have been ... unwilling to accept the offers of shelter... Can we reach them and make a positive difference in their lives?... " 

Some people have asked if what works in New York will work in other places. 

Kanis states: "We don’t know exactly what’s going to work here in New York, but we know what’s worked in other cities. Therefore, we’re going to spend our efforts doing those things, and as we find smarter and better ways to do things we will adopt them.


Chinese mountain cat

The Chinese Mountain cat ("Felis bieti"), also known as the Chinese Desert cat, is a small wild cat of western China. It is a little-known member of the genus "Felis", the common cats.

Some authorities regard the "chutchta" and "vellerosa" subspecies of the Wildcat as Chinese Mountain cat subspecies.

Mason Ryan

Barri Griffiths (born January 13, 1982 in Tremadog, Wales) better known by his ring name Mason Ryan, is a Welsh former professional wrestler. He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where he wrestled on their "Raw" brand. He was also known for his time in the stable, The Nexus. Griffiths also wrestled for Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) where was a one time FCW Florida Heavyweight Championship. Griffiths is a former Gladiator where he was known by the name, Goliath. He has also wrestled in several wrestling tournaments throughout his home country Wales before joining the WWE.

Expansion pack

An expansion pack is an addition (extra part) of a video game. Expansion packs can add characters, worlds, weapons, or scenarios. They can be for all types of video games.

Most expansion packs need the main version of the game to play, although there are a few exceptions which can be purchased stand-alone, such as "The Ultimate Doom".

Expansion packs are usually cheaper than the main game, or may even be free.

The term "Expansion Pack" was also used by Nintendo for a hardware add-on that plugged into the Nintendo 64 and was required for some games. It increased the RAM from 4 MB to 8 MB.


Florence Henderson

Florence Agnes Henderson (February 14, 1934 – November 24, 2016) was an American actress and singer. She starred as Carol Brady in "The Brady Bunch" between 1969 and 1974. She was hosting her own talk show, "The Florence Henderson Show", on television.

Henderson died suddenly of heart failure at a hospital in Los Angeles, California on November 24, 2016, aged 82.


The Subtle Knife

The Subtle Knife is the second book of the "His Dark Materials" trilogy written by Philip Pullman and first published in 1997.
In the first world that Lyra enters, Lyra meets a boy of 12 years named Will Parry who comes from Oxford of the reader's universe and is escaping from the authorities. Defending his sick mother he has accidentally killed a man.They travel through a silent world to resolve many mysteries. They begin to realize that there is something special about that world.

Minerva McGonagall

Minerva McGonagall is a fictional character in the "Harry Potter" books written by J. K. Rowling. This character is a teacher at the school Hogwarts, and a good character in the series. She helps Harry Potter, the main character, many times in the series. She teaches "transfiguration", a type of magic where you change objects or animals into other objects and animals. At the end of the books, McGonagall becomes the school principal. Her honorary title is Hogwarts Headmistress.

When McGonagall was young she went to Hogwarts. She was in Gryffindor, a house for brave and bold students. When she got older she decided to train herself to be an "animagus", a wizard who can change themselves into an animal without a wand. She can change into a cat. Later, she became a member of the Order Of the Phoenix, an organization trained to fight evil wizards. In a quidditch match, she was hurt by a Slytherin player.

McGonagall is played by Maggie Smith in the movies.

Knots Landing

Knots Landing was an American soap opera which began December 27, 1979 and ended May 13, 1993. It was a spin-off of "Dallas". The show aired on CBS throughout its run. It was set around a fictional coastal suburb of Los Angeles and focuses on four married couples living in a cul-de-sac. By the time of the show's end, it had become one of the longest running primetime drama shows on television in the US.

Okra

Okra ("Abelmoschus esculentus") are known in many English-speaking countries as lady's fingers or gumbo) is a flowering plant in the mallow family, related to cotton and hibiscus. It is valued for its edible green seed pods. It is grown for the pods, which are harvested in the immature stage and used in salads, soups and dishes. It is the national vegetable of Pakistan. Some of the ways it is eaten are fried, grilled, or in soup. 

Daniel (name)

Daniel [ dan-y"uh"l ] is a Hebrew given name for males and a surname. It means, "God is my judge".

There are many nicknames for "Daniel": "Dan", "Danny, Dani" (English) and "Danya" (Russia). For females, nicknames include "Danielle", "Daniela", "Dani", and "Danitza". "Daniel" as a surname developed into Daniels, meaning "son of Daniel". 

This name was ranked #24 on the US Popular Male Names in 2024. 



Ruthless People

Ruthless People is a 1986 American black comedy crime movie which stars Danny DeVito, Helen Slater, Bette Midler and Judge Reinhold. Also starring in the movie is Bill Pullman in his movie debut. David Zucker, Jerry Zucker and Jim Abrahams are the directors of this movie. It was distributed via Touchstone Pictures.

Alexandertorte

Alexandertorte, also known as Alexander Torte or Aleksander Torte, is a dessert of pastry strips filled with raspberry preserves.

Its origin is not really known. Although Alexander I employed Carême, this dessert is not claimed by Carême. It was possibly first made in Finland, by Swiss pastry chefs in Helsinki in 1818, when Alexander was due to visit. It is also said to be a Latvian dish.


2011 Christchurch earthquake

The 2011 Christchurch earthquake was a 6.3 magnitude earthquake which struck the South Island of New Zealand at on NZT. (This is 23:51 UTC). It was about 5 km underground. It struck the Canterbury region of the island and caused a lot of damage and many deaths in Christchurch, New Zealand's second largest city.

It was the largest aftershock of the 4 September 2010 Canterbury earthquake, although it is being regarded as a separate earthquake. It was smaller than the September earthquake, but it was more damaging because it was closer to Christchurch and nearer to the surface of the earth. It also happened at lunchtime on a Tuesday compared to before dawn on a Saturday, which meant that more people were outside and in danger of being injured by falling buildings. Buildings were also already weakened from the previous quakes. The intensity felt in Christchurch was MM VIII.

Prime Minister John Key said that the 22nd of February "may well be New Zealand's darkest day".
At least 166 people have been confirmed dead with the final death toll expected to be over 200.

At the end of the first day 65 people were known to have died, and the number is expected to rise. Over 100 people may be trapped in one building alone. The New Zealand Fire Service says many people were injured and trapped in buildings. At 5pm local time Radio New Zealand reported that 80% of the city was without electricity. Water and wastewater services are not working in many parts of the city. People are being asked to use as little water as possible and to collect rainwater. It is expected that the State of Emergency Level 3, the highest possible in a regional disaster, will last at least five days. Medical staff from the army are being used.

The "Sydney Morning Herald" reported that two buses and a number of cars were crushed by falling buildings.

Buildings have collapsed around Cathedral Square in downtown Christchurch. The spire of ChristChurch Cathedral has completely collapsed. Christchurch Hospital was evacuated due to damage in some areas, but soon reopened to treat the injured. It has treated over 220 serious injuries so far, even though sometimes they were working by torchlight. The New Zealand defence forces have been called in to help move people out of the central business district. Fires were reported at the Canterbury Television (CTV) building.

The Pyne Gould Corporation building on Cambridge Terrace has suffered a lot of damage (photo), and some of the building's 200 workers are believed to be trapped within. Screams have been heard from inside.

The historic Canterbury Provincial Chambers building has also suffered major damage from the earthquake.

The Statistics New Zealand buildings in Christchurch were also damaged. They were due to process much of the March 2011 census of New Zealand. The census has been cancelled because people living in Christchurch have had their lives seriously disrupted. This is the third time the census has been cancelled, the previous two times being during the Great Depression and World War II.

ChristChurch Cathedral has lost the top of its main spire and its roof has fallen in. (photos ) Initial reports said 22 people were in the spire at the time of the collapse. However, after the building was made safe to enter over a week after the quake, and searched thoroughly, "no" bodies were located.

The Catholic cathedral of Christchurch, the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament, has half collapsed.

Buildings in Lyttelton have been damaged; a fire officer said that 60% of the buildings in the main street have collapsed. The town's historic Timeball Station was also badly damaged. The New Zealand Historic Places Trust who own the building have decided that it is unsafe to try to repair it. It will be dismantled, if possible, and perhaps re-constructed.

Around 30 million tonnes of ice fell off Tasman Glacier into Tasman Lake, about from the epicentre, hitting tour boats with waves 3.5 high.

The quake was felt as far north as Tauranga and as far south as Invercargill, where the 111 emergency network was damaged and stopped working.

New Zealand Prime Minister, John Key, said "All Civil Defence procedures have now been activated; the Civil Defence bunker at Parliament is in operation here in Wellington." Civil Defence has alerted all Urban Search and Rescue teams in Christchurch. The New Zealand Red Cross is also involved.

Australia has offered help, and immediately sent a search and rescue team of 70 from New South Wales on a RAAF C-130 Hercules. Foreign Affairs Minister Kevin Rudd also said a second team from South Australia will also be sent with more equipment. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has offered John Key any other help he may need.
The United States and Japan have also offered help.

Christchurch International Airport was only open for emergency air traffic, but has now been opened to all local and domestic flights. The earthquake has affected all air traffic in New Zealand. Air traffic control services by Airways New Zealand, the national Air Traffic Control organisation, have been disrupted.



Adolphe Dugléré

Adolphe Dugléré (born Bordeaux, June 3, 1805 - died Paris April 4, 1884) was a French chef and a pupil of Carême.

Dugléré was a "chef de cuisine" to the Rothschild family until 1848, and was manager at the restaurant "Les Frères Provençaux" at the Palais-Royal from 1848 to 1866 which was owned by three men from Provence named Barthélémy, Maneille and Simonas (who were, in reality, not brothers).

In 1866 he became the head chef of the which was the most famous Paris restaurant of the 19th century and where he is believed to have created the dish "Pommes Anna".

It was at the Café Anglais in 1867 that Dugléré served a famous meal that became known as the Dîner des trois empereurs, () for Tsar Alexander II of Russia, his son the tsarevitch (who later became Tsar Alexander III) and King William I of Prussia, as well as Prince Otto von Bismarck who were in Paris for "L'Exposition Universelle". The table service used for this meal is on display to this day at the oldest existing restaurant in Paris, "La Tour d'Argent" which is owned by the descendants of Claudius Burdel, the last owner of Café Anglais which was demolished in 1913.

The evening of 7 June 1867 is reputed to have been the most magnificent ever to have occurred in any restaurant in the world. The three emperors and Prince Bismarck had requested of Dugléré a meal that would live in their memories and the "maître de cave", Claudius Burdel, was instructed to accompany the dishes with the greatest wines in the world.

The most famous dish attributed to Dugléré is almost certainly "Pommes Anna". Other dishes created by Dugléré include "Potage Germiny", a sorrel soup created for the Count of Germiny, governor of the Bank of France, "Poularde Albufera", dedicated to Maréchal Suchet, Duke of Albufera, "Soufflé à l'anglaise", "Sole Dugléré" and "Culotte de bœuf Salomon", (dedicated to Salomon de Rothschild) and "Barbue à la Dugléré" (brill in tomato and parsley sauce).

He is also credited with inventing "Tournedos Rossini", but this dish has also been credited to both Escoffier as well as Carême (although not the title itself). It was composer Gioachino Rossini who dubbed Dugléré "Le Mozart de la cuisine" (The Mozart of the Kitchen). It was a title he used on the menu for the Dinner of the Three Emperors.

Sean Avery

Sean Christopher Avery (born April 10, 1980 in Pickering, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger. He played 12 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Detroit Red Wings, Los Angeles Kings, New York Rangers, and Dallas Stars. Avery was known for his agitating playing style, as well as his controversial behavior both on and off the ice.

He has also worked as an intern for Vogue, a male model and a restaurateur.

Avery has been featured on MTV Cribs, Punk'd and TRL and has also opened a sports bar called, Warren 77 in Manhattan.


Cul-de-sac

A cul-de-sac (literally "bottom of bag") is a word that came from the French language and means a small street without a way through at the far end. It is also used in Catalan and Occitan, its meaning being equivalent to a dead end, close, or no through road (United Kingdom, Australian and Canadian English). While culs-de-sac were built in history for other reasons, its modern use is to calm down the traffic.

Daniel Boone

Daniel Boone (1734 – 1820) was an American explorer and frontiersman. He is probably most famous for exploring Kentucky when it was not yet a US state.

In 1769, he made the Wilderness Road, a trail through the Appalachian Mountains from North Carolina and Tennessee and through Kentucky. He spent the last 20 years of his life in Missouri.

Boone was born on November 2, 1734 (N.S.). Boone's grandfather, George Boone, a Quaker, immigrated from England in 1717.

Boone was born in Berks County, Pennsylvania, the son of Squire Boone and Sarah Morgan. His father was a weaver, and his mother ran the family farm. In addition to his chores on the farm, Boone learned to hunt, fish, and trap.

When he was 15, his family moved to the Yadkin Valley, in North Carolina.

Boone was a part of an British expedition in 1755 into French territory. When the column was attacked by Indians allied to the French, the British commander, General Edward Braddock, was mortally wounded, and many of the soldiers were killed as well.

That was at the Battle of the Monongahela in which Colonel George Washington rallied the British and the Virginia militia into an organized retreat. Boone, who was the supervisor of the wagon train, was one of those who retreated with Washington. He returned to North Carolina and settled on a farm near his father's farm. In 1756, he married Rebecca Bryan.

In 1757, there were several more British defeats, but life on Boone's farm remained peaceful. In 1758, the British had several victories over the French, but their Cherokee allies also became tired of their poor treatment by the British and the Americans. The French took advantage of that and encouraged the Cherokees to attack American homesteads. In 1759, the Indians attacked in Virginia and North and South Carolina.

To protect their families, many settlers left their farms for safer areas. Boone took his wife, two young sons, and all of the belongings that they could carry into a single wagon to Culpeper County, Virginia.

To make a living, Boone hauled tobacco to market in Fredericksburg, Virginia. In 1763, Boone and his family returned to their farm in North Carolina.

Boone first heard of the lands of Kentucky while he was serving with General Braddock in 1755 from was John Findley, another member of the wagon train. Findley had been there ti trade at a Shawnee village called Blue Lick. He talked about Kentucky as a paradise full of wild game. Boone decided he had to see Kentucky. On a long hunt in the winter of 1767–1768, he, his brother Squire and a friend named William Hill moved west to try to find Kentucky. They reached as far as what is now Prestonsburg, Kentucky, where they remained the rest of the winter. Not realizing that they had reached Kentucky, they returned to North Carolina in the spring. Boone again met Findley and asked him for the route from North Carolina to Kentucky. Findley was not a , but he knew of a trail that the Cherokee used when they fought in the Carolina colonies. In the summer of 1769, Boone and five companions used the warriors' trail to get to Kentucky. They hunted and explored the area. Most of his friends were killed or captured by Indians, but Boone and his brother escaped every time. He made another attempt to reach the eastern Kentucky in 1763 but had to turn back. In 1775, he founded the settlement of Boonesborough, Kentucky.

In 1778, Boone and a party were gathering salt when they were attacked by Indians. Boone was captured and taken to Detroit, where the Indians made him a member of their tribe. Boone soon escaped and returned to Boonesborough.

In one of the last battles of the American Revolutionary War, Boone, a lieutenant-colonel, was at the Battle of Blue Licks on 19 August 1782 in which the Americans were led into an ambush. Boone was one of the last to retreat.

His son Israel Boone was killed in the battle. Boone was the hero of the battle, but other leaders had not listened to his warnings of a trap.

Boone remained a leading figure in Kentucky for the next 24 years. However, a series of defective land titles and cheating from land speculators made Boone lose all off his lands in Kentucky.

There were swarms of people coming into Kentucky, and Boone felt crowded. Kentucky was no longer the wilderness that it had been when he had first come there. He now wanted to discover new lands and so he was drawn to the wilds of what is now eastern Missouri.

In 1799, Boone moved with much of his extended family to what is now Warren County, Missouri. It was then part of Spanish Louisiana, but it later became part of Missouri. The Spanish were eager to promote settlement in the sparsely-populated region and so they did not enforce the requirement for all immigrants to be Roman Catholic. The Spanish governor appointed Boone "syndic" (Justice of the peace) of the "Femme Osage" district. Boone served as syndic and commandant until 1804, when the area became part of the Louisiana Purchase. His land grants from the Spanish government had been largely based on verbal agreements, but the former lieutenant-governor, Zenon Trudeau, made the promise in writing, and Boone's lands were confirmed. However, Boone had not made the necessary improvements under the law and so the lands were again taken away. Around 1810, Boone sent a petition to Congress to restore his lands. It passed a special bill, which was signed by U.S. President James Monroe on 10 February 1814.

Boone spent his final years in Missouri, often in the company of children and grandchildren, and continued to hunt and trap there as much as his health and energy levels permitted. He died on 26 September 1820 just before sunrise. His body was taken to Charette, Louisiana Territory (now Marthasville, Missouri) and was buried next to his wife, Rebecca.

In 1845, a group from Kentucky removed the bones of Daniel and Rebecca Boone from their cemetery in Missouri and took them to Frankfort, Kentucky to be buried in a tomb there. Reverend Philip Fall made a plaster cast of the skull of the body that had been removed from Missouri. The plaster cast was then presented to the Kentucky State Historical Society. In 1862 the State of Kentucky created a monument over the grave in the Frankfurt cemetery.

A forensic anthropologist, Dr. David Wolf, examined the plaster cast and stated that it was probably of a black slave. Wolf said that the cast made by Fall did not provide enough evidence to be certain, but several clues also point to the conclusion that it may not be Boone. Wolf stated that he did not believe the skull shape, slope of the brow, the brow ridges, and occipital bone to be Caucasian. The body removed from Missouri was that of a "large and robust man." According to Boone's brother-in-law Daniel Bryan described Boone as having a height of about 5 ft 8 or 9 in tall, blonde hair, and blue eyes.

Several Missouri historians have stated that the bones taken from the Missouri cemetery were actually those of a slave. When Boone died at 85, the gravediggers discovered that an unmarked body had been buried next to Rebecca Boone (died 1813). The stranger was left in his grave and Daniel was buried at the foot of his wife's grave, but 16 years later, a gravestone was mistakenly placed over the stranger's grave. When the party from Kentucky took the bodies in 1845, it took the bodies of Rebecca and the stranger next to her who, was wrongly marked as Daniel Boone. Both states claim to have the actual grave of Daniel Boone.


International Labour Organization

The International Labour Organization (ILO) is an international organization created in Geneva in 1919 for better working conditions and standard of living. In 1946, this organization has become a special organization of the United Nations and won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1969.

Juan Somavía was the ILO's director-general from 1999 until October 2012, when Guy Ryder was elected as his replacement. This governing body is composed of 28 government representatives, 14 workers' representatives, and 14 employers' representatives.

The constitution of the International Labour Organization affirms that "universal and lasting peace can be established only if it is based upon social justice." An additional declaration adopted in Philadelphia at the 26th section affirms that "Labour is not a commodity" (I (a)), "Freedom of expression and association are essential to sustained progress" (I (b)), "Poverty anywhere constitutes a danger to prosperity everywhere" (I (c)), and that "All human beings, irrespective of race, creed or sex, have the right to pursue both their material well-being and their spiritual development in conditions of freedom and dignity, of economic security and equal opportunity". (II (a))


For this purpose, ILO has made 189 Conventions called "International Labour Convention" but many countries do not ratify the Conventions despite its importance.



James Graham Brown

James Graham Brown (August 18, 1881 — March 20, 1969) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was a hotel owner in Louisville, Kentucky. It was his hotel, the Brown Hotel, which first served the hot sandwich.

The name Hot Brown meaning a type of hot sandwich comes either from Brown himself, or his hotel.

Social justice

Social justice is an idea of justice that is based on equality in society. The idea of social justice goes against any kind of discrimination or abuse based on social class, social status or any other reasons.

This idea is discussed by modern philosophers such as John Rawls. It is a fundamental idea for International Labour Organization for universal and lasting peace; And Vienna Declaration also affirm social justice as a subject and a purpose of education for human rights.


Baker County, Oregon

Baker County, Oregon is a county in Oregon.

Bradford County

Bradford County is the name of two counties in the United States:


Bradford County, Florida

Bradford County is a county in Florida.

Bradford County, Pennsylvania

Bradford County is a county in Pennsylvania.

Calhoun County

Calhoun County is the name of many counties in the United States, mostly named after Senator John C. Calhoun:


Calhoun County, Florida

Calhoun County is a county in Florida. It is named after John C. Calhoun. He lived in South Carolina and was a member of the United States Senate. He later became the President of the United States.

2011 Daytona 500

The 2011 Daytona 500 took place on February 20th 2011 at the Daytona International Speedway. It was the first race of the 2011 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. Dale Earnhardt, Jr. won the pole in qualifying, however he did not start in 1st place because he crashed his car during practice. The race was won by Trevor Bayne. At 20 years old, he is the youngest driver to win the race.

Melrose Place (1992 TV series)

Melrose Place was an American primetime soap opera which began July 8th, 1992 and ended May 24, 1999. The show lasted seven seasons on Fox. Starring in the show were Daphne Zuniga, Marcia Cross, Courtney Thorne Smith, Josie Bissett, Heather Locklear, and many others. Aaron Spelling was the executive producer for Melrose Place throughout its seven year run. Many cast changes happened during this time period.

Speciation

Speciation is about how species form. It is a major part of evolutionary biology.

Darwin thought most species came directly from pre-existing species. This is called anagenesis: species by changing, or 'phyletic evolution'. For much of the 20th century, scientists thought most species came when earlier species split. This is called cladogenesis.
The general view was that most species splitting is caused or helped on its way by isolating mechanisms.

No doubt the physical separation of species which once lived together is a main factor. It is illustrated by so many examples, some of which are discussed below.

However, work in the last 20 years has shown some other causes. Analysing the DNA sequence of living things has shown that there is often some hybridisation between related species. That means genes have been transferred by these crosses. In turn, that means reproductive isolation is not the only definition of a species, and speciation does not always need allopatry (species to be reproductively separated). The sections below illustrate the idea that physical separation was of prime importance in the formation of new species.

Isolating mechanisms are things which prevent successful breeding between groups in a species. Reproductive isolation of populations is established. This is particularly important to the biological species concept, as species are defined by reproductive isolation.

Isolating mechanisms can be divided into two groups, before and after fertilisation.

Factors which prevent individuals from mating. 

Factors which prevent mating being successful, such as genetic incompatibility, hybrid inviability or sterility.

This is thought to be the most comon cause of speciation. The first person to think of it was Moritz Wagner, a German explorer and natural historian.

Wagner's early career was as a geographer, and he published a number of geographical books about North Africa, the Middle East, and Tropical America. He was also a keen naturalist and collector, and it is for this work he is best known among biologists. Ernst Mayr, the evolutionist and historian of biology, has given an account of Wagner's significance.

During his three years in Algeria, Wagner (amongst other activities) studied the flightless beetles "Pimelia" and "Melasoma". Each genus is split into a number of species, each of which is confined to a stretch of the north coast between rivers which descend from the Atlas Mountains to the Mediterranean. As soon as one crosses a river, a different but closely related species appears.

This was an early description of a process of one kind of geographic speciation. In 1942 it was reintroduced by Mayr, and the importance of geographic speciation became one of the core ideas of the evolutionary synthesis.

Another term for geographic speciation is allopatric speciation. Allopatry means 'different land'.

Volcanic islands are formed with no life, and all life has to arrive carried by wind or water. We know from the Hawaiian islands and from the Galapagos Islands that all forms of life change when they reach the islands from the mainland.

In about , the Hawaiian Islands have the most diverse collection of drosophilid flies in the world, living from rainforests to mountain meadows. About 800 Hawaiian drosophilid species are known.

Studies show a clear "flow" of species from older to newer islands. There are also cases of colonization back to older islands, and skipping of islands, but these are much less frequent.

By potassium/argon radioactive dating, the present islands date from 0.4 million years ago (mya) (Mauna Kea) to 10mya (Necker). The oldest member of the Hawaiian archipelago still above the sea is Kure Atoll, which can be dated to 30 mya. 
The archipelago itself, produced by the Pacific plate moving over a hot spot, has existed for far longer, at least into the Cretaceous. The Hawaiian islands plus former islands which are now beneath the sea make up the Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain; and many of the underwater mountains are guyots.

All of the native drosophilid species in Hawaii have apparently descended from "a single ancestral species" that colonized the islands, about 20 million years ago. The subsequent adaptive radiation was spurred by a lack of competition and a wide variety of vacant niches. Although it would be possible for a single pregnant female to colonise an island, it is more likely to have been a group from the same species.

There are other animals and plants on the Hawaiian archipelago which have undergone similar, if less spectacular, adaptive radiations.

In biology, a ring species is a connected series of neighboring populations, each of which can interbreed with next-door populations. The two ends of the chain overlap.

The two end populations in the series are too distantly related to interbreed. Such non-breeding-though-genetically-connected 'end' populations may co-exist in the same region, thus closing a 'ring'.

Ring species provide important evidence of evolution: they illustrate what happens over time as populations genetically diverge. Richard Dawkins observed that ring species "are only showing us in the spatial dimension something that must always happen in the time dimension".
However, it is difficult to find a simple, straightforward example.

This was the classic example of ring species. The range of these gulls nearly forms a ring around the North Pole (which is not normally flown over by gulls). The lesser black-backed gulls and herring gulls are sufficiently different that they do not normally hybridize; so, it was said, the group of gulls forms a continuum except where the two lineages meet in Europe. However, it is generally agreed that this is not quite correct, though the details are extremely complicated.

The "Ensatina" salamander is a ring species in the mountains around the Californian Central Valley. The complex forms a horseshoe shape around the mountains. Though interbreeding can happen between each of the 19 populations around the horseshoe, the "Ensatina eschscholtzii" subspecies on the western end of the horseshoe cannot interbreed with the "Ensatina klauberi" on the eastern end. It is an illustration of "nearly all stages in a speciation process" (Dobzhansky). Richard Highton argued that "Ensatina" is a case of multiple species and not a continuum of one species.

The "greenish warbler" ("Phylloscopus trochiloides") has a number of subspecies, of which "P. t . viridianus" is the most familiar in Europe. It is a ring species with populations diverging east and westwards of the Tibetan Plateau, later meeting on the northern side. Their relationships are fairly confusing.

Sympatric speciation refers to the formation of two or more descendant species from a single ancestral species all occupying the same geographic location. This is now thought to be very common.

In sympatric speciation, species diverge while inhabiting the same place. Often-cited examples of sympatric speciation are found in insects that become dependent on different host plants in the same area.

The existence of sympatric speciation as a mechanism of speciation was hotly contested. People argued that the evidences of sympatric speciation are in fact examples of micro-geographic speciation. In general, this is not now the preferred explanation. Rather, it is the result of hybridisation between closely related species, followed by natural selection working on the offspring of such crosses. One widely accepted example of sympatric speciation is that of the cichlids of Lake Nabugabo in East Africa, which is thought to be due to sexual selection. 

Polyploidy has caused many rapid speciation events because offspring of, for example, tetraploid x diploid matings often result in triploid sterile progeny.

However, not all polyploids are reproductively isolated from their parental plants, and gene flow may still occur for example through triploid hybrid x diploid matings that produce tetraploids.

Many of the existing plant and most animal species have apparently undergone polyploidization in their evolutionary history. Reproduction of successful polyploid species is sometimes asexual, by parthenogenesis. For unknown reasons many asexual organisms are polyploid.

One example of evolution at work is the case of the hawthorn fly, "Rhagoletis pomonella", which appears to be undergoing sympatric speciation.

Different populations of hawthorn fly feed on different fruits. A distinct population emerged in North America in the 19th century some time after apples, a non-native species, were introduced. This apple-feeding population normally feeds only on apples and not on the historically preferred fruit of hawthorns. The current hawthorn feeding population does not normally feed on apples.

Some evidence suggests that sympatric speciation is occurring. Hawthorn flies mature later in the season and take longer to mature than apple flies; and there is little evidence of interbreeding (researchers have documented a 4-6% hybridization rate).

The emergence of the new hawthorn fly is an example of evolution in progress.

Rarely, a new species forms when individual members of different species mate. Usually, the products of such hybrid matings are infertile (not fertile), or relatively so, and so get eliminated by natural selection.

One example of a new and successful hybrid species has been found. The new species is a hybrid of the Italian and Spanish sparrows, and the basic facts have been checked by sequence analysis from the DNA in their blood. The bird lives in Italy in a region where both parent species live. It does not reproduce with the Spanish sparrow even though it lives with them side-by-side.

New species have been created by domesticated animal husbandry, but the initial dates and methods are not clear. For example, domestic sheep were created by hybridisation, and no longer produce viable offspring with "Ovis orientalis", one species from which they are descended.

Domestic cattle, on the other hand, can be considered the same species as several varieties of wild ox, gaur, yak, etc., as they readily produce fertile offspring with them.

The best-documented creations of new species in the laboratory were performed in the late 1980s. William Rice and G.W. Salt bred fruit flies, "Drosophila melanogaster," using a maze with three different choices of habitat such as light/dark and wet/dry.

Each generation was placed into the maze, and the groups of flies that came out of two of the eight exits were set apart to breed with each other in their respective groups. After thirty-five generations, the two groups and their offspring were isolated reproductively because of their strong habitat preferences: they mated only within the areas they preferred, and so did not mate with flies that preferred the other areas. The history of such attempts is described in Rice and Hostert (1993).

Diane Dodd was also able to show how reproductive isolation can develop from mating preferences in "Drosophila pseudoobscura" after only eight generations using different food types, starch and maltose.

Dodd's experiment has been easy for many others to replicate, including with other kinds of fruit flies and foods.

Reinforcement is how natural selection increases reproductive isolation.

It may occur after two populations of the same species are separated and then come back into contact. If their reproductive isolation was complete, then they will have already developed into two separate incompatible species.

If their reproductive isolation is incomplete, then further mating between the populations will produce hybrids, which may or may not be fertile. If the hybrids are infertile, or fertile but less fit than their ancestors, then there will be no further reproductive isolation and speciation has essentially occurred (e.g., as in horses and donkeys.)

The reasoning behind this is that if the parents of the hybrid offspring each have naturally selected traits for their own different environments, the hybrid offspring will bear traits from both, and would not fit either niche as well as either parent. The low fitness of the hybrids would cause selection to favour assortative mating, which would reduce hybridization.

This is sometimes called the Wallace effect after the evolutionary biologist Alfred Russel Wallace who suggested in the late 19th century that it might be an important factor in speciation.

If the hybrid offspring are more fit than their ancestors, then the populations will merge back into the same species within the area they are in contact.

Reinforcement is required for separation when there is a "hybrid zone" between two forms of a species. Hybrid zones are regions where diverged populations meet and interbreed. Hybrid offspring are very common in these regions, which are usually created by diverged species coming into secondary contact.

Without reinforcement the two populations or species would have uncontrollable interbreeding. Reinforcement may be induced in artificial selection experiments as described above.

Calhoun County, Alabama

Calhoun County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of 2020 the population was 116,441. It is included in the Anniston-Oxford Metropolitan Statistical Area. Its county seat is Anniston.

Benton County was formed on December 18, 1832. It was named for Thomas Hart Benton, a member of the United States Senate from Missouri. The first county seat was at Jacksonville. 

An F4 tornado struck here on Palm Sunday March 27, 1994. It destroyed Piedmont's Goshen United Methodist Church twelve minutes after the National Weather Service of Birmingham issued a tornado warning for northern Calhoun, southeastern Etowah, and southern Cherokee.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.37%) is land and (or 0.63%) is water.





Calhoun County is home to the Anniston Museum of Natural History and the Berman Museum of World History. It also contains a part of the Talladega National Forest.

Dallas (1978 TV series)

Dallas is an American soap opera. It is about the Ewings, a family from Texas involved in oil and cattle ranching. The show began as a television miniseries during April 1978. It was broadcasted until May 3, 1991 on CBS. The cast included Charlene Tilton, Victoria Principal, Priscilla Presley, Patrick Duffy, and Larry Hagman as J.R. Ewing. The series lasted for fourteen seasons.

The show was revived on TNT in June 2012.

Calhoun County, Arkansas

Calhoun County is a county in Arkansas.

Calhoun County, Georgia

Calhoun County is a county in Georgia. Its county seat is Morgan.

Calhoun County, Illinois

Calhoun County is a county in Illinois.

Elasmobranchii

Elasmobranchii is a subclass of the Chondrichthyes or cartilaginous fish. It includes the modern sharks and the rays and skates.

Fossilised shark teeth are known from the early Devonian, around 400 million years ago. During the following Carboniferous period, the sharks underwent a period of diversification, with many new forms evolving. Many of these became extinct during the Permian, but the remaining sharks underwent a second burst of adaptive radiation during the Jurassic, around which time the skates and rays first appeared.


Earl Wilbur Sutherland Jr.

Earl Wilbur Sutherland, Jr. (November 19, 1915 – March 9, 1974) was an American pharmacologist and biochemist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1971 for his discoveries concerning the mechanisms of the action of hormones. He was born in Burlingame, Kansas in 1915 and died in Miami, Florida, United States in 1974.

Persian Wikipedia

Persian Wikipedia is a member of Wikimedia Foundation. It started work in December 2003. founder of Persian version is Roozbeh Pour-Nader.

It is the 18th largest edition by article count. Persian Wikipedia has currently more than 500,000 articles.

Many of the first articles on the Persian Wikipedia were about chemical materials and historical subjects. The Wikipedia added geography and religious subjects soon after. On December 16, 2004, the Wikipedia reached 10,000 articles.



Edward B. Lewis

Edward B. Lewis (May 20, 1918 – July 21, 2004) was an American geneticist. He shared the 1995 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

Lewis was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania He received a BA in Biostatistics from the University of Minnesota in 1939.

In 1942 Lewis received a PhD from California Institute of Technology (Caltech), working on "Drosophila melanogaster" under the guidance of Alfred Sturtevant.

After serving as a meteorologist in the U.S. Air Force in World War II, Lewis joined the Caltech faculty in 1946 as an instructor. In 1956 he was appointed Professor of Biology, and in 1966 the Thomas Hunt Morgan Professor of Biology.

His Nobel Prize winning studies with "Drosophila" founded the field of developmental genetics and laid the groundwork for our current understanding of the universal, evolutionarily conserved strategies controlling animal development.

His key publications in the fields of genetics, developmental biology, radiation and cancer are available in a book.

During the 1950s, Lewis studied the effects of radiation from X-rays, nuclear fallout and other sources as possible causes of cancer. He reviewed medical records from survivors of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, as well as radiologists and patients exposed to X-rays. Lewis concluded that "health risks from radiation had been underestimated". Lewis published articles in "Science" and other journals and made a presentation to a Congressional committee on atomic energy in 1957.

At the scientific level of the debate, the crucial question was whether the "threshold theory" was valid or whether, as Lewis insisted, the effects of radioactivity were "linear with no threshold", where every exposure to radiation had a long-term cumulative effect.

In a series of experiments with the fruit-fly "Drosophila", Lewis was able to identify a complex of genes whose proteins bind to the regulatory regions of target genes. The latter then activate or repress cell processes which direct the final development of the organism.

The sequence of these control genes show "co-linearity": the order of the loci in the chromosome parallels the order in which the loci are expressed in segments along the body. Not only that, but this cluster of master control genes programs the development of all higher organisms.

Each of the genes contains a homeobox, a remarkably conserved DNA sequence. This suggests the complex itself arose by gene duplication.

In his Nobel lecture, Lewis said "Ultimately, comparisons of the [control complexes] throughout the animal kingdom should provide a picture of how the organisms, as well as the [control genes] have evolved".


Christine Baranski

Christine Jane Baranski (born May 2, 1952) is an American actress, singer, and producer. On stage, she played Mrs. Lovett in "Sweeney Todd" and the title character in "Mame". She has also acted in multiple movies. Baranski was born in Buffalo, New York.

Angela Burdett-Coutts

Angela Georgina Burdett-Coutts, 1st Baroness Burdett-Coutts (21 April 1814 – 30 December 1906), born Angela Georgina Burdett, was a noted nineteenth century philanthropist. She was the daughter of Sir Francis Burdett, 5th Baronet and Sophia Coutts, daughter of Thomas Coutts the banker. In 1837 she became the wealthiest woman in England when she inherited her grandfather's fortune of nearly three million pounds sterling. At the same time she got a Royal Licence (permission from the monarch) to join her father's and grandfather's surnames and become Angela Burdett-Coutts.

Lady Burdett-Coutts did not mary until she was 67. She married her 29-year-old secretary, the American born William Lehman Ashmead Bartlett, who later became MP for Westminster on 12 February, 1881. Her new husband changed his surname to Burdett-Coutts. Lady Burdett-Coutts had no children.

She gave away most of her wealth, setting up on scholarships, endowments, and giving to a wide range of charitable causes. One of her earliest was to establish, with the novelist Charles Dickens, Urania Cottage, a home that helped young women who had 'turned to a life of immorality'including theft and prostitution.

Among many gifts to churches, she also personally endowed the bishoprics of Cape Town, and Adelaide (1847), and the founding bishopric of British Columbia (1857). The money from these endowments was invested to help pay for the Bishop's expenses.

The granite fountain in Edinburgh, with a statue of Greyfriars Bobby, was erected by Baroness Burdett-Coutts.

Other roles and charitable projects included:

In 1871, in recognition of her charity work, Queen Victoria made her a peer on her own under the title Baroness Burdett-Coutts, of Highgate and Brookfield in the County of Middlesex., although as a woman she was not a member of the House of Lords. On 18 July 1872 she became the first woman to be presented with the Freedom of the City of London at the Guildhall and in 1874 was Edinburgh's first woman Burgess, also being presented with the Freedom of that city.

Lady Burdett-Coutts died of acute bronchitis at her house in Stratton Street, Piccadilly. By the time of her death she had given more than £3 million to good causes. She was buried on 5 January 1907 near the West Door in the nave of Westminster Abbey. The barony became extinct on her death.

Charles Dickens dedicated his novel "Martin Chuzzlewit" to her and she had many royal and eminent friends. The book "Flashman's Lady" by George MacDonald Fraser makes reference to Angela Burdett-Coutts (fictional) love interest for James Brooke (The White Rajah); and his rejection of her due to his physical affliction.


General Secretary

General Secretary is a title often used in political parties, and is usually the leader of the party. The General Secretary (sometimes called First Secretary or Secretary-General) is usually the leader of the Secretariat and the Politburo.

On April 3, 1922, Joseph Stalin became General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and had the job of deciding who was a member of the party and where they went. Vladimir Lenin was "de facto" leader at the time. Once Lenin died, Stalin used his power to give allies jobs in the party to become more powerful than everybody else.


Sid Caesar

Sid Caesar (Isaac Sidney Caesar; September 8, 1922 – February 12, 2014) was an American comedian and actor. Caesar stared in "Your Show of Shows" from 1950 until 1954 and in "Grease" as Coach Calhoun. Before becoming a comedian, Caesar was a musician. He won two Emmy Awards during his career.

Caesar was born on September 8, 1922 in Yonkers, New York. He was of Polish-Russian-Jewish descent. Caesar was married to Florence Levy from 1943 until her death in 2010. They had three children.

Caesar died on the morning of February 12, 2014 in Beverly Hills, California from natural causes, aged 91. 


Swallow

The swallows and martins are a group of passerine birds in the family Hirundinidae. These birds are adapted to aerial feeding. "Swallow" is used colloquially in Europe as a synonym for the barn swallow.

Within the swallow, the name "martin" tends to be used for the squarer-tailed species, and the name "swallow" for the more fork-tailed species. However, there is no scientific distinction between these two groups. The family contains around 83 species in 19 genera.

Patti Page

Clara Ann Fowler, better known as Patti Page, (November 8, 1927 - January 1, 2013) was an American singer. She is one of the best known female singers of traditional pop. She was the best selling female artist in the 1950s. She will win an honorary Grammy Award in 2013.

Page was born in Claremore, Oklahoma. Page died on January 1, 2013 in Encinitas, California from natural causes, aged 85.



All My Children

All My Children was an American soap opera set in a fictional suburb of Philadelphia. Susan Lucci plays Erica Kane. Other famous people have starred, including Sarah Michelle Gellar. The show aired on ABC for 43 years since its beginning until September 23, 2011 when cancellation was announced on April 2011. It was canceled on April 14, 2011 along with "One Life to Live" due to low ratings and production costs. Another series was shown in 2013.

Oregon State University

Oregon State University is a four-year university in Corvallis, Oregon in the United States. It is the largest university in Oregon, and as of February 2011, has over 23,000 students. The university has classes for both graduate and undergraduate students, and also offers classes online.

Oregon State's athletic teams are known as the Beavers. Its baseball team won the College World Series in 2006 and 2007.

Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone

Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone (Alice Mary Victoria Augusta Pauline; née Princess Alice of Albany; 25 February 1883 – 3 January 1981) was a member of the British Royal Family. 

Alice was the longest-lived Princess of the British Royal Family and the last surviving grandchild of Queen Victoria. She was by birth a Princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and a "Duchess in Saxony", as well as a Princess of Teck by marriage. 
in 1917 she was ordered to give up all German titles by her cousin George V. Alice was godmother to Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands, the granddaughter of her first cousin, Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands. Princess Alice was the last grandchild of Queen Victoria to die, in January 1981, almost 115 years after the death of Prince Sigismund of Prussia, the first grandchild of Queen Victoria to die. He died in June 1866.

Princess Alice was born 25 February 1883 at Windsor Castle. Her father was Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany, the youngest son of Queen Victoria and Albert, Prince Consort. Her mother was Princess Helena of Waldeck and Pyrmont. She had one brother, Prince Charles Edward, Duke of Albany (1884–1954) who was reigning Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (1900–1918). As the granddaughter of the Sovereign through the male line, she was a Princess of the United Kingdom and a Royal Highness. As the daughter of the Duke of Albany, she was, therefore, styled "Her Royal Highness" Princess Alice of Albany. 

 On 10 February 1904, at St George's Chapel, Windsor, Princess Alice of Albany married her second cousin once-removed, Prince Alexander of Teck, the brother of Queen Mary. After their marriage, Princess Alice was styled HRH Princess Alexander of Teck.

Prince and Princess Alexander of Teck had three children:

Princess Alice was one of the carriers of the gene for haemophilia which arose with Queen Victoria. Princess Alice inherited the gene from her father who himself was a sufferer. Her eldest son, Rupert, inherited the disease from her; this led to his early death following an automobile accident. 

When the British Royal Family abandoned all German titles by Letters Patent issued by King George V in June 1917, Prince Alexander of Teck gave up the title "Prince of Teck" in the Kingdom of Württemberg and the style "Serene Highness", and took the surname "Cambridge,". For a short time he was known as Sir Alexander Cambridge, then the Earl of Athlone. Their two surviving children also lost their Württemberg princely titles. 

Princess Alice gave up her titles of Princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Duchess of Saxony, but her brother Charles Edward, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, who held a commission in the German Army, did not and was stripped of his British titles instead. Alice stayed, a Princess of Great Britain and Ireland and a Royal Highness in her own right, as granddaughter of Queen Victoria in the male line. From June 1917 until her death, she was styled Her Royal Highness Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone.

The Earl was appointed Governor-General of the Union of South Africa and served from 1924-31: Princess Alice accompanied him and was the Vicereine during that period. Lord and Lady Athlone had a coastal beach house constructed at Muizenberg, which still stands today and is one of South Africa's national monuments. The Cape Town Suburb of Athlone was named in honour of the Governor-General and it and the beach house are the only physical reminder of the Athlones' residence at the Cape.

On the sudden death of the very popular John Buchan in 1940 Canada was without a Governor General in time of war. For a long time Canadian governments had intended appointing only Canadians as governors general — Australia had long since done so with the appointment of Sir Isaac Isaacs as its governor general. But wartime did not seem the right time for such a move. As the Royal Family had got a lot of public support during the Royal Tour of 1939, Lord Athlone seemed a very good candidate. He was Queen Mary's brother (and thus the King's uncle) and a former governor general of another of His Majesty's Dominions and Mackenzie King advised the King to appoint him. 

Princess Alice accompanied her husband to Canada where he was Governor General from 1940–1946. 

It does not appear that the Athlones left any lasting mark in Canada, or indeed conducted any public works, delivered any speeches or performed any works of lasting value, though photos of the Earl with Roosevelt, Churchill and Mackenzie King on the ramparts of the Citadel during the Quebec Conference were amply published at the time.

At the end of World War II, the American Military Government in Bavaria, under the command of General George S. Patton, arrested and imprisoned Alice's brother, Charles Edward, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, (who was a member of the Reichstag from 1937 to 1945), because of his Nazi sympathies. Alice, came to Germany with her husband to plead with for his release. They would not yield, and in 1946, he was sentenced by a de-nazification court, heavily fined and almost bankrupted.

In her lifetime, Princess Alice carried out many Royal duties. Apart from her normal duties as Vicereine of South Africa and then Canada, she attended the Coronations of four monarchs: Edward VII, George V, George VI, and Elizabeth II. She was also the Colonel-in-Chief of two British Army units and one Rhodesian Army unit. During the Second World War, she was Honorary Air Commandant of the Royal Canadian Air Force Women's Division. In 1950, she became the first Chancellor of the University of the West Indies (then the University College of the West Indies). From the 1930s-60s she was Chair of the Council (governing body) of Royal Holloway College, University of London.

The Earl of Athlone died in 1957 at Kensington Palace in London. Princess Alice lived on there until 1981, when she died at age 97 years and 313 days. At her death, she was the longest-lived British Princess of the Blood Royal and the last surviving grandchild of Queen Victoria .

Her funeral took place in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle, attended by all members of the Royal Family. She is buried alongside her husband and son in the private British Royal Burial Grounds at Frogmore, directly behind the mausoleum of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert, in Windsor Great Park. Her daughter and son-in-law are also buried close by.

She lived through six reigns:- Victoria (grandmother), Edward VII (uncle), George V (cousin and brother-in-law), Edward VIII (nephew), George VI (nephew) and Elizabeth II (grand-niece).



As a granddaughter of Queen Victoria in the male line, Princess Alice was entitled to use the Royal Arms, with a 5-point label as a difference, the central point bearing a cross gules, the others hearts gules.

Until George V's warrant of 1917, her arms, like all those of Prince Albert's British royal descendants, bore an inescutcheon for Saxony.


André Theuriet

Claude Adhémar André Theuriet (8 October 1833, Marly-le-Roi - 23 April 1907) French poet and novelist, was born at Marly-le-Roi (Seine et Oise).

Theuriet studied law in Paris and became a civil servant. He retired as a civil servant in 1886, almost 20 years after his first published book was issued. The was the "Chemin des bois", a collection of poems, many of which had already appeared in the "Revue des Deux Mondes".

Theuriet received in 1890 the from the French Academy, and was made a member of the Academy in 1896.

An omelette of truffles & asparagus has been named after him.


Oliver Smithies

Oliver Smithies (23 June 1925 – 10 January 2017) was a British-American geneticist and Nobel laureate,

He invented gel electrophoresis in 1955, which is now one of the basic techniques of biochemistry and molecular biology.

Much later, he worked on the technique of homologous recombination of transgenic DNA with genomic DNA. This is the most reliable method of altering animal genomes at present, and the technique behind gene targeting and knockout mice.

Martin Evans and Mario Capecchi were also working on this idea, and they were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for 2007.

Danica McKellar

Danica Mae McKellar (born January 3, 1975) is an American actress and mathematician. She is best known for playing Winnie Cooper in "The Wonder Years". She also starred in several television movies.

She is also a "New York Times" bestselling author. She wrote four popular non-fiction books: "Math Doesn't Suck", "Kiss My Math", "Hot X: Algebra Exposed" and "Girls Get Curves: Geometry Takes Shape". The books are meant to encourage middle-school and high-school girls to have confidence and succeed in mathematics.

She married composer Mike Verta on March 22, 2009, in La Jolla, California. The couple had dated since 2001. They had their first child on September 7, 2010, a boy they named Draco. McKellar filed for divorce from Verta in June 2012.

Sleepwalking

Sleepwalking, or somnambulism, is a disorder belonging to the parasomnia family of sleeping problems.

People with this disorder leave bed, without waking up, and walk around. In certain cases, people do things they also do in everyday life. According to research done, sleepwalking seems to be a problem related to the mechanism of waking up.

The activities can be as simple as sitting up in bed, walking to the bathroom, and cleaning. Sometimes they are dangerous; examples include cooking, driving, extremely violent gesture or grabbing at hallucinated objects, or even homicide.

Generally, sleepwalking cases consist of simple, repeated behaviours; occasionally there are reports of people performing complex behaviours while asleep, but the legitimacy of these claims is often disputed. In 2004, sleep medicine experts in Australia claimed to have successfully treated a woman who claimed to have sex with strangers in her sleep. In December 2008, reports were published of a woman who sent semi-coherent emails while sleepwalking, including one inviting a friend around for dinner and drinks. Sleepwalkers often have little or no memory of the what they do, because they are not truly conscious. Their eyes are open, but their expression is dim and glazed over. Sleepwalking may last as little as 30 seconds or as long as thirty minutes.

There is no data about how common sleepwalking is. Estimates say that one to two percent of adults are sleepwalkers. Sleepwalking seems to be more common in children, between ten and thirty percent of children are affected; in most cases, they stop sleepwalking during puberty. Most cases of sleepwalking are temporary, they occur once, or only a few times. It looks like some sleepwalking may be inherited; very often, people who are sleepwalkers have other sleepwalkers in the family.

Because people can hurt themselves while sleepwalking, it is a good idea to either wake a sleepwalker, or to guide the person back to bed. There are drugs that can be given to treat the condition. As there is no therapy, many experts are against the use of drugs.

However, sleepwalking is usually harmless and there's no need to treat it with drugs. If you experience sleepwalking, your friend will help you go to bed.


Inclusive education

Inclusive education is an idea in the field of education. It means that persons with disabilities or persons who need special care can learn in schools together with people who do not have special needs. This idea comes from the idea of social justice. The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities also says that access to education is a human right.

Whether the education takes place in schools with all kinds of pupils is a matter of practicality. There is no general rule which can always be followed. Some kinds of disability needs both specially trained teachers, and a separate environment from the normal classrooms.


2011 Australian Open

The 2011 Australian Open was a tennis tournament featuring six different competitions. It was part of the 2011 ATP World Tour, the 2011 WTA Tour, ITF Junior Tour and the NEC Tour. The tournament took place at Melbourne Park in Melbourne, Australia, from 17 January to 30 January. The event was the 99th edition of the Australian Open. It was also the first Grand Slam event of 2011. The tournament was played on hard courts. It was organised by the International Tennis Federation and Tennis Australia.

Novak Djokovic won the Australian Open for the second time. Kim Clijsters won her first Australian Open title. In the men's doubles the Bryan Brothers won their fifth Australian Open. Gisela Dulko and Flavia Pennetta won their first Grand Slam title in the women's doubles. Daniel Nestor claimed his second mixed doubles Grand Slam alongside Katarina Srebotnik who won her fourth mixed title.

In the junior tournaments both the singles and doubles titles in the boys and girls events were won by Jiří Veselý and An-Sophie Mestach. Vesely won the doubles alongside Filip Horanský. Mestach won her doubles crown with Demi Schuurs. Vesely and Mestach won their first Grand Slam titles. They became the first players to achieve the junior double together since Kristian Pless and Virginie Razzano. They achieved this at the 1999 Australian Open.

Shingo Kunieda and Esther Vergeer both won the singles and doubles in the men's and women's wheelchair tennis events. Kunieda won his fourth Australian Open in a row, his fifth overall. In the doubles Kuneda was partnered to the title by Maikel Scheffers. Vergeer's singles win was her eighth Australian Open crown. It was also her 17th Grand Slam title overall. The final also marked the fourth time that she has not lost a game during a Grand Slam final. The win in the final was Vergeer's 404th match win in a row. Vergeer was partnered by Sharon Walraven in the doubles. In the mixed events David Wagner won the singles. Andrew Lapthorne and Peter Norfolk won the doubles competition.

The 2011 Australian Open was the 99th edition of the Australian Open. It was held at Melbourne Park, in Melbourne, Victoria. The tournament was an event run by the International Tennis Federation (ITF). It was part of the 2011 ATP World Tour and the 2011 WTA Tour calendars. The tournament consisted of men's and women's singles and doubles draws as well as a mixed doubles event. There was also singles and doubles events for boys and girls (players under 18). The tournament was part of the Grade A group of tournaments of the junior tour. There was also events for wheelchair tennis players (they competed in three categories: men, women and quadipedic) as part of the NEC tour. The tournament was played on hard courts. The three biggest courts used were the Hisense Arena, the Margaret Court Arena and the Rod Laver Arena.
Below is a series of tables for each of the competitions showing the ranking points on offer for each event.

The 2011 Australian Open offered record prize money to both men and women. It had a total of A$25 million (US$24 million), up 3.8% on the total prize money from 2010. The winners of the singles titles took home A$2.2 million (US$2.1 million). The finalists finalists were given A$1.1 million (US$1 million). Below is the list of prize money given to each player in the main draw of the professional competitions; all prize money is in Australian dollars (A$). Prize money for the doubles is given as a team.


There were five competitions open to professional tennis players. The Association of Tennis Professionals and Women's Tennis Association awarded ranking points in all events apart from the mixed doubles. The singles draws were contested by one hundred and twenty eight players. Sixty four teams took part in the doubles events. Thirty two teams lined up in the mixed doubles competition.

At the start of the 2011 Australian Open, World Number one Rafael Nadal was on the edge of history. He had a chance to become the first man since Rod Laver in 1969 to hold all four Grand Slams at the same time. He had won the previous three. This would not be the Grand Slam, but the media had named it the "Rafa Slam." The name came from the "Serena Slam" which was used when Serena Williams won all four Grand Slam titles in a row.

Nadal was the number one seed and led the field. The other top ten seeds were; sixteen time Grand Slam champion, Roger Federer, 2008 Australian Open winner Novak Djokovic, two time Grand Slam finalists Robin Söderling and Andy Murray, Wimbledon runner up Tomáš Berdych, David Ferrer, 2003 US Open champion Andy Roddick, Fernando Verdasco and Mikhail Youzhny.

The start of the 2011 Australian Open saw all the seeds make it to the second round. But Gulbis, Querrey, who lost in the fifth set 8–6 and Davydenko did not win. Montanes, Fish, Monfils, Baghdatis, Tsonga, Bellucci and Nalbandian won their matches in the final set. The second round saw Michaël Llodra lose to qualifier Milos Raonic, Feliciano López who went out to Wildcard Bernard Tomic, Juan Mónaco lost to Robin Haase, Fish lose to Robredo and Montanes lost to Malisse. While Nalbandian had to retire against Berenkis and Bellucci lost 8–6 in the final set to Hernych. Youzhny, Verdasco, Almagro and Federer all survived final set deciders to progress to the third round. Raonic continued his form from the previous round as he upset Youzhny this time in four sets, the biggest upset to date. While Alexandr Dolgopolov upset Tsonga, coming back two sets to one down. The third round is also where the seeds meet for the first time, so Garcia–Lopez, Baghdatis, Gasquet, Ljubicic and Troicki all exited to higher seeds. Although Stanislas Wawrinka who was the nineteenth seed managed to defeat Gaël Monfils the twelfth seed in straight sets. While Marin Čilić, semifinalist from 2010 defeated John Isner 9–7 in the final set. The fourth round saw Ferrer end Raonic's run, and Dolgopolov edge out Soderling in the final set for the biggest upset in the tournament to date. There were also wins for Berdych, Djokovic, Federer, Murray and Nadal, all except Federer eliminated other seeds. There was one other upset as nineteenth seed Wawrinka beat Roddick in straight sets.

Djokovic, Federer and Murray successfully made their way into the semifinals, however the upset of the tournament happened as Nadal went out. The "Rafa Slam" attempt came to an end on Australia Day in straight sets against Ferrer, a year to the day since Nadal last lost a Grand Slam match. The semifinals witness Djokovic taking out Federer in straight sets while Murray overcame Ferrer the next night in four sets. In the final Djokovic defeated Murray for his second Australian Open crown in straight sets.

Championship match result

The 2011 women's draw was missing its defending champion Serena Williams who pulled out in late 2010 due to ligament damage. World number one Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark was the number one seed. The Dane headed up the top ten seeds which included Vera Zvonareva, three time US Open champion Kim Clijsters, seven time Grand Slam champion Venus Williams, Samantha Stosur, reigning French Open Champion Francesca Schiavone, Jelena Janković, Victoria Azarenka, Li Na and Shahar Pe'er. Former Grand Slam champions, Justine Henin, Ana Ivanović, Svetlana Kuznetsova and Maria Sharapova were also seeded.

The start of the 2011 Australian Open saw all the seeds apart from Rezaï, Hantuchová, Dulgheru. The biggest upset of the first round was Ivanović losing 10–8 in the final set to Ekaterina Makarova while Schiavone survived after being a set down to win the final set. The biggest loser in the second round was Janković as she lost to Peng in straight sets. The Serb was not the only seed to exit though as Iveta Benešová defeated Maria Kirilenko, Martinez–Sanchez lost to Cornet, Kleybanova, Kanepi, Pironkova, Bartoli and Wickmayer all joined her on the plane home. While Schiavone had to survive another final set decider this time winning it 9–7. The third round saw Kutznetsova defeat Henin, in what turned out to be the Belgium's last ever match as she announced her retirement in the second week of the tournament. Whilst Andrea Petkovic had a virtual bye into round four as Williams retired after just seven points of their match. Makarova caused another upset as she knocked out Nadia Petrova while Benešová defeated Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in the final set. Other seeds who went out to other seeded players were Cibulková, Peer who lost in the final set. While Petra Kvitová ended home hopes as she disposed of Stosur, while Sharapova had to come from a set down to progress to the next round.

The fourth round witnessed women's tennis history, as the match between Kuznetsova and Schiavone broke records. The match became the longest match, in terms of time for women in a Grand Slam as it lasted for 4 hours, and 44 minutes. At 8–7 in the final set Kutznetsova had three match points, but the Italian saved all three. In the next game Schiavone broke her opponents serve but touched the net after hitting the winner, meaning the point went to Kutznetsova, when holding three break points. Kutznetsova had another three match points in the next game before a run of four games in a row where the serve was broken. Finally after breaking in the previous game and missing three match points Schiavone closed the match out to win 16–14 in the final set. Other fourth round matches saw Sevastova's run end against Wozniacki and Makarova's end against Clijsters, while Petkovic upset Sharapova in straight sets. Other upsets saw the seeded players of Li and Kvitová defeat higher seeded players.

The quarterfinals witnessed Wozniacki put an end to Schiavone's run by winning a final set decider. Into the semifinals with the Dane were Li who defeated Petkovic, Clijsters who defeated Radwańska and Zvonerava who took care of Kvitová. In the first semifinal Li caused an upset, as she saved match point, to defeat the world number one Wozniacki in three sets. Her opponent in the final, Clijsters, won in straight sets against Zvonerava. In the final Clijsters came from a set down to claim her first Australian Open title. It was her fourth grand slam title in her career and second consecutive slam having won the US Open in 2010.

Championship match result

The 2011 men's doubles competition saw the two-time defending champions and four-time champions overall come back to defend the two previous titles in the team of Bob and Mike Bryan, which they were the number one seeded team in the draw. Out of all of the seeded players, the teams that lost in the first round were the teams of 7th seeded Lukáš Dlouhý and Paul Hanley, 9th seeded team of Wesley Moodie and Dick Norman, 11th seeds Robert Lindstedt and Horia Tecău, Nicolás Almagro and Marc López the 15th seeds, Marcelo Melo and Bruno Soares the 16th seeded team. Those teams that lost in the second round of the event are the two teams of Mark Knowles and Michal Mertiňák the 12 seeds, and the 14th seeded Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram. The only third round exit was by 13th seeded Marcel Granollers and Tommy Robredo. All of the top eight seeds made the quarterfinal or better with the lone exception of the seventh seeded team. Lastly, this event saw four teams exit in the quarterfinal round, which those was the 4th seeded team of Łukasz Kubot and Oliver Marach, Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski the 5 seeded team, the 6th seeded and 2010 Wimbledon Champions Jürgen Melzer and Philipp Petzschner, and the 8th seeded team of Michaël Llodra and Nenad Zimonjić.

Thus, only three seeded teams survived to make it to the semifinals, which the lone team to lose during this stage was the second seeded team of Max Mirnyi and Daniel Nestor. This set up a dynamic final of the 1st and 3rd seeded teams respectively in the Bryan Brothers and the Indian duo of Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes, which the Indian team never has won the Australian Open in men's doubles. This would be the third time that they would lose in the final, but albeit in different years.

So, this was the Bryan Brothers' fifth Australian Open title in Men's doubles in the past six years, which this win was the third consecutive title at the event for them having won in 2009 and 2010, and the other two years they won were in 2006 and 2007. This was the Bryan Brothers tenth Men's Doubles Grand Slam title for their careers.

Championship match result

The 2011 women's doubles competition was wide open with no team in the field having previously won a grand slam. Argentina's Gisela Dulko and Flavia Pennetta of Italy led the field as the number one seeds, who had won seven titles in 2010 including the WTA championships but they had never been past a Grand Slam semifinal. Second seeds were the French Open finalists Květa Peschke and Katarina Srebotnik, who had already won a tournament in 2011, the ASB Classic. Number three seeds are the US Open finalists Liezel Huber and Nadia Petrova; the number four seeds are the 2009 WTA Champions Nuria Llagostera Vives and María José Martínez Sánchez with Cara Black and Anastasia Rodionova seeded fifth heading the field.

All the seeds made it through the opening round with the exception of Francesca Schiavone and Rennae Stubbs, who lost winning just five games in what is Stubbs' last Australian Open. In round two the biggest casualties were the departure of the number four seeds; Llagostera Vives and Martínez Sánchez in straight sets. In the third round the number six, seven and eighth seeds all crashed out. In the quarterfinals Huber won the battle of the ex-partners as she downed Black's team to set up a semi final with Dulko and Penetta. The other semi was filled by Azarenka and Kirilenko and the number two seeds. In the semis the Number one seeds advanced to the final where after a shock they faced Azerenka and Kilrenko. In the final Dulko and Pennetta came from a set down to win.

Championship match result

The mixed doubles field was led by top seeds and US Open champions Bob Bryan and Liezel Huber. Other significant seeds were: number two seeds Daniel Nestor and Katarina Srebotnik, Nestor's ex-doubles partner Nenad Zimonjić and Maria Kirilenko are the third seeds. Fourth seeds were defending champions Leander Paes and Cara Black, while the fifth and sixth seeds were Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi and Květa Peschke and Wesley Moodie and Lisa Raymond.

All the seeded teams made it through the first round apart from the teams of Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi and Květa Peschke who lost to Rennae Stubbs and Chris Guccione and Moody and Reymond who lost to Horia Tecău and Bethanie Mattek-Sands. The second round witnessed the number one seeds Bryan and Huber withdraw and the defending champions, Paes and Black go out to Paul Hanley and Chan Yung-jan after two tiebreak sets. The quarterfinals saw no upsets as Nestor and Srebotnik, Zimonjic and Kirlienko, Hanley and Chan and Tecau and Mettek–Sands made the semifinals. In the semifinals Nestor and Srebotnik won in straight sets against Zimonjic and Kirilenko. Their opponents in the final were Hanley and Chan after they won a match tiebreak 11–9 against Tecau and Mettek–Sands. The final came down to a match tiebreak which the number two seeds, Nestor and Srebotnik won. It was Nestor's second Australian Open mixed title while for Srebotnik it was her first.

Championship match result

Sixty four players competed in the boys and girls singles events, with thirty two teams competing in the boys and girls doubles events. The event is one of nine ITF Grade A junior competitions. Qualifying for the main draw took place between the 20 and 21 January 2011. Sixty four players attempted to qualify for the main draw of the boys and girls singles. There were eight qualifying spots available to join the forty six direct acceptance, two special exemptions and eight wildcards in the main draw. The qualifying event was held at the Pakenham Regional Tennis Centre. The main draws took place between the 23 and 29 January 2011.

World number one Jiří Veselý led the field. Other top seeds included World number two Dominic Thiem, Orange Bowl Champion George Morgan and World number five Mate Pavic. In the first round of the tournament Pavic exited in straight sets to Karim Hossam. While fellow seeds Dimitri Bretting, Joris De Loore and Ben Wagland also went out of the tournament. Also in action was Vesley and the 2010 finalist Sean Berman who both won their opening matches. Luke Saville casued the biggest upset in the second round as he outsted World number two Thiem in straight sets while Vesely and Morgan progressed with straight sets wins. The third round saw Morgan and Saville win epics in the final set. The quarterfinals saw Vesely, Morgan Baena and Saville reach the semifinals, where Vesely and Saville reached the final. In the final Vesely claimed his first junior Grand Slam title as he lost just three games against home hope Saville.

Championship match result

The 2011 Australian Open girls field was led by the World number one, US Open and youth Olympic champion, Daria Gavrilova. Joining the Russian leading the field was An-Sophie Mestach, Irina Khromacheva and Mónica Puig. While Orange Bowl champion Lauren Davis who competed in the main draw of the women's singles was the third seed and she was also joined by Caroline Garcia who also appeared in the women's draw. The first round saw all of the seeds bar Natalija Kostic move into the second round. Gavrilova, however was not in the second round as she was dumped out in straight sets by fifteen year old Kanami Tsuji Puig, in the second round got rid of the last of the home contingent losing just two games in the process. Eugénie Bouchard caused the biggest upset of round three when she lost just three games against Davis. Garcia caused an upset in the quarterfinals as she upset the number four seed Khromacheva in straight sets. The semifinals witnessed Mestach drop her first and only set of the tournament when she defeated Garcia whilst Puig saw off Bouchard in straight sets. In the final Mestach defeated Puig in straight sets to win her first junior Grand Slam title.

Championship match result

The first round witnessed Dimitri Bretting and Dennis Novak the fifth seeds and seventh seeds Luis Patiño and Filip Peliwo exit at the first hurdle. All the remaining seeds made it to the quarterfinals, where the number one seeds George Morgan and Mate Pavić who exited to the eighth seeds Mitchell Krueger and Karue Sell in a match tiebreak while second seeds Filip Horanský and Jiří Veselý knocked out sixth seeds Dominic Thiem and Matthias Wunner. Horansky and Vesely reached the final after defeating the fourth seeds Joris de Loore and Mate Delić who received a bye in the previous round in straight sets. While third seeds Ben Wagland and Andrew Whittington took care of Krueger and Sell in a match tiebreak. Horansky and Vesely triumphed in straight sets in the final over Wagland and Whttington.

Championship match result

All the seeds made it through the first round with out incident. Nastja Kolar and Danka Kovinić the fifth seeds, Tang Haochen and Tian Ran the seventh seeds and the biggest upset with the second seeds Eugénie Bouchard and Mónica Puig all went out in the second round. In the quarterfinals An-Sophie Mestach and Demi Schuurs sent the number one seeds Irina Khromacheva and Yulia Putintseva home for the loss of just three games. While Margarita Gasparyan and Daria Gavrilova the fourth seeds lost a match tiebreaker to Eri Hozumi and Miyu Kato whilst Lucia Butkovská and Anna Schmiedlová the eighth seeds won only one game. Kato and Hozumi progressed to the final, where they faced Mestach and Schuurs who knocked out the third seeds Natalija Kostić and Ilona Kremen in a match tiebreaker. In the final Mestach and Schuurs defeated Hozumi and Kato in straight sets for their first Grand Slam doubles title.

Championship match result

There are six events in the wheelchair tennis discipline; a singles and doubles draw for each of the three categories. The tournament was played between the 26 and 29 January 2011. All events were part of the NEC tour under the Grand Slam category. A total of $63,000 was awarded in prize money across all the events.

In the opening round World number one Shingo Kunieda defeated Ronald Vink for the loss of just one game. Kunieda would play Robin Ammerlaan in the semifinals after the Dutchman defeated home hope Ben Weekes. In the other half of the draw Stéphane Houdet saw off Maikel Scheffers while Stefan Olsson saw off Houdet's doubles partner Nicolas Peifer. In the semifinals Kunieda and Houdet emerged victorious in the battle for the final. Kunieda defeated Houdet for his twelfth Grand Slam title losing just three games.

Championship match result

There were eight entries into the singles competition. On her first appearance in a Grand Slam competition Marjolein Buis won in three sets against Annick Sevenans to reach the semifinals. Also into the semifinals were World number one Esther Vergeer who recorded her four hundred and second consecutive match win with a 6–0, 6–0 win over her doubles partner, Sharon Walraven. Buis then took on World number two and home favourite Daniela di Toro who lost just three games on Australia Day against Aniek van Koot. While Jiske Griffioen would play Vergeer in the semifinals after defeating Grand Slam debuant Jordanne Whiley in straight sets. The semifinals witnessed di Toro and Vergeer make the final with straight sets wins. In the final Vergeer claimed her eighth Australian Open title as she defeated di Toro without losing a game to chalk up her four hundredth and fourth consecutive win.

Championship match result

The tournament was played in a round robin format. Peter Norfolk, the defending champion, opened with a straight sets win over doubles partner Andrew Lapthorne. Whilst World number one David Wagner defeated his doubles partner Nick Taylor for the loss of two games. In the second round of matches Wagner edged Norfolk in a final set decider, whilst Grand Slam debuant Lapthorne recorded his first victory as he won in straight sets against Taylor. The loss for Taylor meant that he was elminated from the event. In the final round robin matches, Norfolk defeated Taylor for the loss of just three games, while Wagner defeated Lapthorne in straight sets. The win for Norfolk and the loss for Lapthorne meant that Norfolk would play Wagner in the final. In the final Wagner defeated Norfolk for the loss of just five games. It was Wagner's first Australian Open singles title.

Championship match result

There was four teams competing in this event. Shingo Kunieda and Maikel Scheffers beat Wimbledon champions, Robin Ammerlaan and Stefan Olsson in straight sets. They were joined in the final by the all French pairing of Stéphane Houdet and Nicolas Peifer who defeated Ronald Vink and Ben Weekes. In the final Kunieda and Scheffers came from a break down in the first set to defeat the French pair in straight sets.

Championship match result

There were four entries to this competition. Esther Vergeer and Sharon Walraven defeated Daniela di Toro and Jordanne Whiley in straight sets to make the final. The final was turned into an all Dutch affair as Aniek van Koot and Jiske Griffioen joined them after defeating Marjolein Buis and Annick Sevenans in two tiebreaks. In the final Vergeer and Walraven lost just two games as they defeated van Koot and Griffioen to claim their third consecutive Grand Slam title.

Championship match result

There was just two entries in the Quad doubles, and they played a straight final to decided the championship. In the one off match history was made as Lapthorne and Norfolk became the first all British pair to win a wheelchair Grand Slam doubles title. It was Lapthorne's first Grand Slam title and Norfolk's first Grand Slam doubles title as the pair defeated the all American pair of Taylor and Wagner in straight sets for their fourth win over them.

Championship match result

The 2011 Australian Open was broadcast around the world with eleven different broadcasters officially screening the event. Channel 7 was the host broadcaster, with ESPN covering North America with its International franchise covering South and Latin America. Eurosport holds the rights to broadcast the tournament in Europe. In Asia broadcasts were covered by ESPN Star Sports and in Japan by WOWOW and by CN Sports Interactive Media Group in China. In Africa coverage is by SuperSport, and in the middle east by Abu Dhabi TV. Pacific coverage was broadcast by Sky New Zealand in New Zealand and by FIJI TV in Fiji. During the course of the tournament, Tennis Australia and Eurosport, announced that they had extended their partnership for another five years, which extends Eurosports unbroken coverage of the Australian Open to over twenty years. For the first time in the history of the Australian Open, the qualifying competition for the main draw was streamed live on the internet. The qualifying competition was broadcast between 12 and 15 January. The charity event Rally for Relief was also broadcast live on australianopen.com and Australian network channel seven.

During the first week of the tournament, viewing figures in Australia were down for the second year running. 1.36 million people tuned in for the Men's singles final which was lower than the rating which the women's final received according to figures released by OzTAM.

2011 introduced a kids tennis day event, which took place on the Saturday before the tournament took place. Around eight thousand people turned up for the event. People entertained themselves through a variety of activities, including watching stringers string racquets and arts and crafts. The highlight of the day for many fans was a chance to watch past and present players. These players included, Pat Cash, Henri Leconte, Peter Luczak, Alicia Molik and Anastasia Rodionova.

A total of 651,127 people attended the tournament throughout the two weeks. This was lower than the attendance in 2010, although daily records were set. 51,276 people filled Melbourne Park, which was a record for the middle Saturday. The day was also the biggest crowd ever at the Australian Open for a day session. A further 25,845 attended the evening session which brought the total number of people for the day to 77,121 which was again record breaking. As it was the largest amount of spectators to have attended on one day.

Reasonable accommodation

Reasonable accommodation is a necessary aid or support for persons with disabilities or other persons in weak situations, such as minority groups, but not to make an unreasonable burden on the society. This idea is born in American and Canadian lawsuits to abolish discrimination on the job and is also used by the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in Article 2.


List of cities in Iran

This is a list of cities in Iran.

























International Tennis Federation

The International Tennis Federation is the group that was created to govern world tennis. This means they decide on rules and make sure they are done. 

Mashhad

Mashhad () is a city in the Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran. Mashhad is the second largest city in Iran. It is close to Iran's border with Afghanistan and Turkmenistan.

Mashhad is primarily known as the resting place of Imam Reza and also the great Persian poet, Ferdowsi.

Before the 9th century, Mashhad was a small village but became prosperous after imam Reza was killed and buried there by Al-Ma'mun the Abbasid caliph. Mashhad turned into a famous town, in the time of Shah Ismail I of the Safavid dynasty (1501) and later Nader Shah of his Empire chose Mashhad as his capital. Mashhad has remained one of Iran's most important cities to this day even with the relocation of the capital to Tehran.


Calhoun County, Iowa

Calhoun County is a county in Iowa. Its county seat is Rockwell City.

Calhoun County, Michigan

Calhoun County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan.

True Jackson, VP

True Jackson, VP is an American teen sitcom created by Andy Gordon for Nickelodeon. The series starred Keke Palmer, Ashley Argota, Matt Shively, Danielle Bisutti, Greg Proops, Robbie Amell, and Ron Butler. It aired from November 8, 2008, to August 20, 2011.

Calhoun County, Mississippi

Calhoun County is a county in Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 13,266 people lived there.

Lark

Larks are passerine birds of the family Alaudidae. All species occur in the Old World, and in northern and eastern Australia. Only one, the Shore lark, has spread to North America, where it is called the Horned lark. Habitats vary widely, but many species live in dry regions.

Ritchie Valens

Richard Steven Valenzuela, better known as Ritchie Valens (May 13, 1941 - February 3, 1959) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He died with Buddy Holly, and "Big Bopper" Richardson in a plane crash in Iowa on 3 February 1959, in an event that would become known as The Day the Music Died. He was 17 years old.

He was born to Mexican parents.

Valens most notable work include recordings of “La Bamba” a Mexican folk song which became a hit in the U.S. “Donna” a song dedicated to his friend and the phrase “Come on let’s go”

Calhoun County, South Carolina

Calhoun County is a county in South Carolina. The population was 14,119 at the 2020 census. It is the third least populated county in South Carolina. The county seat is St. Matthews.

Calhoun County is part of the Columbia, SC Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Wooden horse

The wooden horse or Spanish donkey is a torture device where the victim is made to straddle a triangular "horse" and place their full body weight on their genitals, which rested on the point of the angle which causes pain in the lower regions. Sometimes cannonballs or something similar would be tied to the victim's feet. There is also a less intense variation was probably developed for BDSM play. The Mongols under Jingiz Khan nailed enemies or criminals to the wooden horse, so did the Huns.

Calhoun County, Texas

Calhoun County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas.

Calhoun County, West Virginia

Calhoun County is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia.

Kenny vs. Spenny

Kenny vs. Spenny was a Canadian reality-comedy television series created by Kenny Hotz. It starred Kenny Hotz and Spencer Rice.

In Canada reruns are still shown on the Showcase. The series had six seasons and ran from August 26, 2003 to December 23, 2010. Matt Stone and Trey Parker, creators of "South Park", were executive producers for 10 episodes in the fourth season of the show. The series was about two friends who competed in numerous competitions. The loser of the competition would have to do a humiliation that the winner picked out. The show ended with an hour-long Christmas special that aired on December 23, 2010 on Showcase.

The show spawned many many replicas including "Frank vs Girard" in French Canadian on VRAK.TV, "Ed vs. Spencer" in the United Kingdom, "Juan vs. Roman" in Latin America, "Elton vs. Simon" in Germany, "Katja vs. Bridget" and "Dennis vs. Valerio" in the Netherlands, and "Sid vs. Varun" in India.

TV.com rated the series a 8.4. It was ranked as at #8 among the top 10 Canadian television shows of the 21st century.


Kaw people

The Kaw people (also known as the Kanza) are a Native American people living in the central part of the Midwestern United States. The Kaw people have also been known as the "People of the South wind", "People of water", "Kansa", "Kaza", "Kosa", and "Kasa". The US state of Kansas was named after the Kaw people. Kansas' capital city, Topeka, was named after a Kaw word meaning "a good place to dig potatoes". The Kaw are closely related to the Osage Nation.

The Kaw Nation's headquarters is in Kaw City, Oklahoma. The tribe's jurisdictional area is in Kay County, Oklahoma. The elected chairwoman is Lynn Williams. She is serving a four-year term. There are 3,126 members of the tribe. 1,428 of them live in Oklahoma.

The Louisiana Purchase in 1803 hurt the Kaw. They were forced to move west by Native Americans from the east. They were also forced to move by White settlers who liked the "beautiful aspects" and "rich and exuberant soils" of the Kaw's land. In 1825, the Kaw ceded a big area of land in Missouri and Kansas to the United States. They did this in exchange for a promise of a $3,500 payment every year for twenty years. The promised payment was often late. Sometimes, the payments were taken by government officials and merchants.

The Kaw faced smallpox epidemics in 1827–1828 and 1831–1832. It killed about 500 people. In 1844, a flood destroyed most of the land the Kaw had planted. It hurt the Kaw a lot. In 1846, the Kaw sold most of their remaining of land for $202,000 plus a reservation on Council Grove, Kansas.

In 1861, during the American Civil War, the Kaw and other Native Americans in Kansas were recruited as soldiers and scouts. This was done to prevent attacks by pro-slavery tribes and Confederate supporters in Indian Territory. Seventy young Kaw men were persuaded—or forced—to join Company L, Ninth Kansas Cavalry. They served in Indian Territory (Oklahoma) and Arkansas during the war. 21 of them never came home. This was a big loss because there were already few Kaw people left.

After the Civil War, White Americans in Kansas wanted to remove the Native Americans, including the Kaw. However, during this time, something happened. The Kaw and the Cheyenne were enemies. On June 1, 1868, about one hundred Cheyenne people attacked the Kaw reservation. Scared white settlers ran to Council Grove. The Kaw men painted their faces, wore their armor, and went on horseback to meet the Cheyenne. The two Indian armies put on a military display. It featured horsemanship, howls and curses, and volleys of bullets and arrows. After four hours, the Cheyenne left with a few stolen horses and a peace offering of coffee and sugar by the Council Grove merchants. Nobody was hurt on either side.

During the battle, the mixed-blood Kaw interpreter, Joseph James, Jr. went 60 miles to Topeka to ask for help from the Governor. An eight-year-old, part-Indian boy named Charles Curtis went with Joseph James. Curtis would later become a jockey, a lawyer, a politician, and Vice President of the United States under Herbert Hoover.

White pressure finally forced the Kaw out of Kansas. On June 4, 1873, they packed up, and they went south in wagons to Indian Territory to a new reservation. Two weeks later, 533 men, women, and children arrived at the junction of the Arkansas River and Beaver Creek. This would become Kay County, Oklahoma. The Kaw made their last successful buffalo hunt that winter. They went to the Great Salt Plains to hunt. They saved the buffalo meat by jerking it, and they sold the buffalo fur for five thousand dollars.

While living in the Indian Territory, they were ignored by white people. However, the tribe continued to lose people. By 1888 there were only 188 persons. The Kaws seemed like they would be gone. However, they slowly acculturated and their numbers increased, mostly through intermarriage as the number of full-bloods continued to decline. By 1910, only one old woman in the tribe could not speak English and more than 80 percent were literate.

The Curtis act of 1898 allowed the federal government to have more power over Indian affairs. The author of the law was Charles Curtis, now a Congressman. Curtis believed that the Indians should be assimilated. He supported the break-up of tribal governments and the allotment of tribal lands to their members. In 1902, at Curtis's urging, Congress ended the Kaw tribal government and reservation. Congress divided tribal lands among members. Each of 247 Kaw tribal members got . Of that, were for a house. Curtis and his son and two daughters got of land. Most Kaws sold or lost their land. By 1945, only 13 percent of the land of the former Kaw Reservation was owned by Kaws. Much former Kaw land was flooded by the creation of Kaw Lake in the 1960s. This included their Council House and cemetery at Washunga which was moved to Newkirk, Oklahoma.

After the death of Washunga in 1908, the Kaw people had no formal organization for many years. In 1922, Washunga's adopted daughter Lucy Tayiah Eads was elected principal chief. A council of eight members was also created. She was the first and only female chief. In 1928, the government agency to the Kaw was ended, and the buildings were sold. After that, the Kaw had no recognized government. This changed in 1959, when the federal government recognized them, and the tribe reorganized. The last Chief of the Kaw, Ernest Emmett Thompson, was elected in 1934. According to Dorothy Roberts, full-blooded Kaw women were forced to be sterilized by the Indian Health Service in the 1970s. In 1990, the Kaw wrote a new tribal constitution. They created a tribal court in 1992. In 2000, the tribe bought lands on their pre-1873 reservation near Council Grove, Kansas. This did this to create a park remembering their history in Kansas. They named it the Allegawaho Memorial Heritage Park.

The last fluent speaker of the Kansa language, Walter Kekahbah, died in 1983.

The last full-blood Kaw, William Mehojah, died in 2000.

Siouan languages

The Siouan languages (also known as Siouan proper or Western Siouan) are a group of Native American languages. The Siouan languages are spoken in central North America.

1000 Ways to Die

1000 Ways to Die is an American docufiction black comedy series which was first shown on the Television Channel "Spike TV" on May 14, 2008. It shows unusual deaths and uses black humor.



Crisis

A crisis is a situation which is difficult, unexpected, or an emergency. It is often an important "turning point", where a decision must be taken, affecting many people. Very often, this decision must be taken in relatively little time. The word is related to the Greek "κρίσις" (krisis). Examples include the sudden threat of war, or the occurrence of a natural disaster.

According to Steven Fink, a crisis manager, crises may: 

Crises occur in different fields. People may develop post-traumatic stress disorder, because they cannot deal with a crisis situation. Many countries and associations offer help lines, which can help people deal with a crisis situation. 


Dust storm

A dust storm, or sandstorm, is a storm of small particles of sand and dirt. Dust storms happen when a strong wind front blows loose sand and dust from a dry surface. Particles are picked up and suspended in the air, causing soil erosion where they were. The wind drops them in another place where they can form loess, a kind of silt.

Jabiru

The Jabiru (Jabiru mycteria) is a large stork found in the Americas from Mexico to Argentina, except west of the Andes. It is most common in the Pantanal region of Brazil and the Eastern Chaco region of Paraguay. It is the only member of the genus "Jabiru". The name comes from the Tupi-Guaraní language and means "swollen neck".

Big Dipper (disambiguation)

Big Dipper is the American name for the seven brightest stars of Ursa Major. It is called the Plough in Britain.

Big Dipper also may refer to:

As a nickname in sport, Big Dipper may also refer to:

In music:


Greensboro, North Carolina

Greensboro is a city in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It has about 300,000 people and is growing. Greensboro is near Winston Salem and High Point in an area called The Triad. It is in Guilford County.

Greensboro was started in 1808. It was built in the middle of Guilford County. It grew slowly, but was rich because of cotton. In the 1840s, a railroad was built going through Greensboro, making it grow faster. The Civil War did not hurt Greensboro much.

In the early 1900s, Greensboro grew a lot because of textiles. They also became rich.

A lot of stuff happened during the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s in Greensboro, including a sit-in at a counter in a restaurant.

Now, Greensboro continues to grow, and is located at the intersection of two big freeways, Interstate 40 and I-85.

Ophiuchus (disambiguation)

Ophiuchus is the name of a constellation Ophiuchus, a person holding a snake.

Ophiuchus also may mean:


Christie Brinkley

Christie Brinkley (born February 2, 1954) is an American model, actress, writer and designer. She was born Christie Lee Hudson in Monroe, Michigan. She moved to Los Angeles, California and changed her surname to that of her stepfather, writer Don Brinkley (1921–2012). She has appeared on magazine covers many times and has a long contract with CoverGirl (the longest of any model in history). All her four marriages ended in divorce. Her second marriage was to singer Billy Joel and lasted from 1985–1994. Their daughter Alexa Ray Joel (born 1985) is her eldest child and is a musician. Brinkley also has a son by her third husband and a daughter by her fourth.

On March 12, 2024, Brinkley announced on Instagram that she had basal cell carcinoma, a form of skin cancer and had surgery to remove it.

Mike Bibby

Michael "Mike" Bibby (born May 13, 1978 in Cherry Hill, New Jersey) is a retired American basketball player who played with the Sacramento Kings of the NBA for most of his career. He attended college at University of Arizona where he played basketball with the Wildcats. Mike Bibby started his NBA career when he was drafted by the Vancouver Grizzlies in the 1998 NBA Draft with the 2nd pick in the 1st round. Bibby played 3 seasons with the Vancouver Grizzlies, 7 seasons with the Sacramento Kings, 3 seasons with the Atlanta Hawks and two games with the Washington Wizards before having his contract bought out by the Wizards on February 28, 2011. 


Vancouver Grizzlies

The Vancouver Grizzlies were a Canadian professional basketball team that played in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. They played in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team started playing in 1995. They started with the Toronto Raptors, as part of the NBA's expansion into Canada. They relocated to Memphis, Tennessee in 2001 and became the Memphis Grizzlies. The Grizzlies played their home games at the General Motors Place (Now Rogers Arena). The Grizzlies were originally going to be called the Vancouver Mounties but were forced to find a new name because the RCMP objected it.

The team had struggled in their early years and they finished last in their division in five of their six seasons. Over their six seasons, they had an overall record of 101 wins and 359 loses and were never able to make it to the playoffs.

After the 1998–99 lockout, the team suffered low attendance and a weak Canadian dollar was making the owner Orca Bay Sports and Entertainment lose money on the franchise. After they failed to sell the team to Bill Laurie, it was instead sold to Michael Heisley. At the time, Heisley said that he was going to keep the team in Vancouver, but he then immediately started looking for a suitable relocation city in the US. He would eventually move the team to Memphis, Tennessee for the 2001-02 season.


Rango (2011 movie)

Rango is a 2011 American computer-animated action comedy movie that was produced by Gore Verbinski, Graham King and John B. Carls and was directed by Gore Verbinski. "Rango" was released on March 4, 2011 in North America. "Rango" was positively received from audience. It won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.



Abigail Breslin

Abigail Kathleen Breslin (born April 14, 1996) is an American actress. Breslin was born in New York City, New York. She first appeared in the 2002 science fiction movie, "Signs". Breslin had her breakthrough role in the 2006 comedy-drama "Little Miss Sunshine" where she played Olive Hoover. At age 10, she was one of the youngest people to be nominated for an Academy Award.

In April 2017, Breslin revealed that she has been diagnosed with Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) after she was raped by an ex-boyfriend.

On January 28, 2023, Breslin announced that she married Ira Kunyansky.

Cricket World Cup

The ICC Cricket World Cup is an international cricket competition. It is played in the One Day International (ODI) cricket format. The event is organised by the sport's governing body, the International Cricket Council (ICC). Cricket World Cup is the third largest sporting event in the world, behind soccer's World Cup and the Summer Olympic Games. The first Cricket World Cup contest was organised in England in 1975. A separate Women's Cricket World Cup has been held every four years since 1973.

The finals of the Cricket World Cup are contested by all ten Test-playing nations. They are joined by other nations who qualify through the Cup Qualifying competition. Australia has been the most successful team winning the title five times (in 1987, 1999, 2003 and 2007,2015). West Indies (in 1975 and 1979) and India (in 1983 and 2011) have won the title 2 times each. And Pakistan (in 1992) ,Sri Lanka (in 1996) and England {in 2019} have won the title one time each.

The first ever international cricket match was played between Canada and the United States, on the 24 and 25 September 1844. However, the first credited Test match was played in 1877 between Australia and England, and the two teams competed regularly for The Ashes in subsequent years. South Africa was admitted to Test status in 1889. Representative cricket teams were selected to tour each other, resulting in bilateral competition. Cricket was also included as an Olympic sport at the 1900 Paris Games, where Great Britain defeated France to win the Gold medal. This was the only appearance of cricket at the Summer Olympics.

The first multi team competition at international level was the 1912 Triangular Tournament. It was a Test cricket tournament played in England between England, Australia and South Africa. In subsequent years, international Test cricket has been generally been organised as bilateral series. A multi team Test tournament was not organised again until the quadrangular Asian Test Championship in 1999.

In the early 1960s, English county cricket teams began playing a shortened version of cricket which only lasted for one day. Starting in 1962 with a four-team knockout competition known as the Midlands Knock-Out Cup, and continuing with the inaugural Gillette Cup in 1963, one-day cricket grew in popularity in England. A national Sunday League was formed in 1969. The first One-Day International event was played on the fifth day of a rain-aborted Test match between England and Australia at Melbourne in 1971, to fill the time available and as compensation for the frustrated crowd. It was a forty over match with eight balls per over.

The success and popularity of the domestic one-day competitions in England and other parts of the world, as well as the early One-Day Internationals, prompted the ICC to consider organising a Cricket World Cup.

The Test-playing nations qualify automatically for the World Cup main event, while the other teams have to qualify through a series of preliminary qualifying tournaments. The One Day International playing nations automatically enter the final qualification tournament, the World Cup Qualifier, along with other nations who have qualified through separate competitions.

Qualifying tournaments were introduced for the second World Cup, where two of the eight places in the finals were awarded to the leading teams in the ICC Trophy. The number of teams selected through the ICC Trophy has varied throughout the years; currently, six teams are selected for the Cricket World Cup. The World Cricket League (administered by the International Cricket Council) is the qualification system provided to allow the Associate and Affiliate members of the ICC more opportunities to qualify.The name "ICC Trophy" has been changed to "ICC World Cup Qualifier".

The format of the Cricket World Cup has changed greatly over the course of its history. The first four tournaments were played by eight teams, divided into two groups of four. The competition was held in two stages. A group stage and a knock-out stage. The four teams in each group played each other once in the group stage. The top two teams in each group went through to the semi-finals. The winners of the semi-finals played against each other in the final. With the return of South Africa in 1992 after the ending of the apartheid boycott, nine teams played each other once in the group phase, and the top four teams progressed to the semi-finals. The tournament was made bigger in 1996, with two groups of six teams. The top four teams from each group progressed to quarter-finals and semi-finals.

A new format was used for the 1999 and 2003 World Cups. The teams were split into two pools. The top three teams in each pool went into the Super 6. The "Super 6" teams played the three other teams that had made it through from the other group. The teams carried their points forward from the matches played against the other two who were in their group. The top four teams from the "Super 6" stage progressed to the semi-finals, with winners playing in the final.

The last format used in the 2007 World Cup, features 16 teams allocated into four groups of four. Each team played each other once within the group. Teams earn points for wins and half-points for ties. The top two teams from each group move forward to the Super 8 round. The "Super 8" teams play the other six teams that progressed from the different groups. Teams earned points in the same way as the group stage. Teams also carry their points forward from the match against the other team who qualified from the same group. The top four teams from the "Super 8" round advance to the semi-finals. The winners of the semi-finals play in the final.

The current format features 14 teams. The 14 teams are split into two groups of seven. Within each group each team will play each other once. The top four teams from each group will proceed to the knock out stage playing quarter-finals. Winners of the quarter-finals will play semi-finals and the winning semi-finalists will play in the final.

The ICC Cricket World Cup Trophy is presented to the winners of the World Cup finals. The current trophy was created for the 1999 championships, and was the first permanent prize in the tournament's history; prior to this, different trophies were made for each World Cup. The trophy was designed and produced in London by a team of craftsmen from Garrard & Co over a period of two months.

The current trophy is made from silver and gild, and features a golden globe held up by three silver columns. The columns, shaped as stumps and bails, represent the three fundamental aspects of cricket: batting, bowling and fielding, while the globe characterises a cricket ball. The trophy is designed with platonic dimensions, so that it can be easily recognised from any angle. It stands 60 cm high and weighs approximately 11 kilograms. The names of the previous winners are engraved on the base of the trophy, with space for a total of twenty inscriptions.

The original trophy is kept by the ICC. A replica, which differs only in the inscriptions, is permanently awarded to the winning team.

The tournament is the world's third largest (with only the FIFA World Cup and the Summer Olympics exceeding it), being televised in over 200 countries to over 2.2 billion television viewers. Television rights, mainly for the 2011 and 2015 World Cup, were sold for over US$1.1 billion, and sponsorship rights were sold for a further US$500 million. The 2003 Cricket World Cup matches were attended by 626,845 people, while the 2007 Cricket World Cup sold more than 672,000 tickets and recorded the highest ticketing revenue for a Cricket World Cup.

Successive World Cup tournaments have generated increasing media attention as One-Day International cricket has become more established. The 2003 World Cup in South Africa was the first to sport a mascot, "Dazzler" the zebra. An orange raccoon-like creature known as "Mello" was the mascot for the 2007 Cricket World Cup.

The International Cricket Council's executive committee votes for the hosts of the tournament after examining the bids made by the nations keen to hold a Cricket World Cup.

England hosted the first three competitions. The ICC decided that England should host the first tournament because it was ready to devote the resources required to organising the inaugural event. India volunteered to host the third Cricket World Cup, but most ICC members believed England to be a more suitable venue because the longer period of daylight in England in June meant that a match could be completed in one day. The 1987 Cricket World Cup was the first hosted outside England, held in Pakistan and India.

Since 1992, one player has been declared as "Man of the Tournament" at the end of the World Cup finals:
Previously, there was no tournament award, although Man of the Match awards have always been given for individual matches. Winning the Man of the Match in the final is logically noteworthy, as this indicates the player deemed to have played the biggest part in the World Cup final. To date the award has always gone to a member of the winning side. The Man of the Match award in the final of the competition has been awarded to:


Dicastillo

Dicastillo is a village in Navarre. There are 691 people in Dicastillo. Festivals are held on August. These festivals are celebrated on San Blas, 3rd of February, or on the Asparagu's day, which is in spring. There is a music band called Banda Bizkarra, formed by 30 musicians.

Desiccation

Desiccation is the state of extreme dryness, or the process of extreme drying. 

A desiccant is a hygroscopic (water-attracting) substance that causes desiccation in a moderately sealed container.

Desiccation tolerance refers to the ability of an organism to withstand or endure extreme dryness, or drought-like conditions. 

Plants and animals living in arid or periodically arid environments such as temporary streams or ponds may face desiccation, therefore physiological or behavioural adaptations are necessary to ensure survival. In particular, insects occupy a wide range of ecologically diverse niches and so have a variety of strategies to avoid desiccation. 

Desiccation resistance in insects is generally measured by the change in mass during dry conditions. The overall mass difference between measurements before and after aridity exposure is attributed to body water loss.

Cryptobiosis refers to the state of an organism that has no detectable metabolic activity, resulting from extreme and unfavorable environmental conditions. Anhydrobiosis refers to the state of surviving the loss of (almost) all body water.

Tardigrades are able to live in environments that would kill most animals. In 2007, scientists discovered that some tardigrades were able to survive 10 days in outer space. Tardigrades can survive more than ten years without water.

Rotifers are specialists at living in habitats where water dries up regularly. 

The Monogononta, which have males, produce fertilised 'resting eggs' which can resist desiccation (drought) for long periods. 

The Bdelloids, who have no males, contract into an inert form and lose almost all body water, a process known as "cryptobiosis". Bdelloids can also survive the dry state for long periods: the longest well-documented dormancy is nine years. After they have dried, they may be revived by adding water.

R. Kelly

Robert Sylvester Kelly (born January 8, 1967 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American singer, songwriter, and record producer.

Kelly has released twelve studio albums and three collaboration albums. He has been nominated for 24 Grammy Awards. He has won three. He is also known for the hit songs "Ignition", "I Believe I Can Fly" and the "Trapped in the Closet" series of songs. He sold more albums than any other male R&B musician in the 1990s.

He produced Aaliyah's 1994 first album "Age Ain't Nothing But a Number". In 1996, Kelly was nominated for a Grammy Award for writing Michael Jackson's song "You Are Not Alone".

In 2019, Kelly was arrested and for sexual abuse and child pornography of under aged girls. A 2021 trial in New York convicted Kelly for violations of the Mann Act and racketeering. A 2022 trial in Chicago convicted Kelly for three child pornography charges and three charges of enticing a minor; He was acquitted of charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice in relation to his 2008 trial. The Brooklyn court sentenced Kelly to 30 years imprisonment. Kelly was sentenced in Chicago federal court on February 23, 2023. He was sentenced Kelly to 20 years: 19 years were to be served at the same time as his 30-year sentence from New York, He was also given1 year to be served after his NY sentence, This means he has a total sentence of 31 years. , Kelly is an inmate of a prison in Chicago. He continues to challenge his two convictions.

In 1989, Kelly started MGM (Musically Gifted Men) with his friend Marc McWilliams. They released a single called "Why You Wanna Play Me".

In 1990 Kelly was signed by Jive Records. 

In 1991, he was on the TV talent show "Big Break". He won the $100,000 prize.

"Born into the 90's", Kelly's first album with Public Announcement, was released 1992. In January 1993, he stopped making music with them. He released his first solo single, "Sex Me", on August 6 1993.

In 1993 Kelly's first solo album, "12 Play", was released. The album's second single "Bump n' Grind" was Kelly's first number 1.

In 1995, his self titled second album was released. It was Kelly's first number 1 album. It got positive reviews.

On November 26, 1996, "I Believe I Can Fly", "R."'s first single, was released. It won three Grammy Awards in 1998.

On May, 20, 1998, Sparkle released her first album "Sparkle". Kelly wrote and produced the album and released it on his record label Rockland. Kelly sang in the first single from the album, "Be Careful".

Kelly's first double album, "R.", was released in November 1998. The album had a song with Celine Dion called "I'm Your Angel". Nine number one singles were released from the album. It is his best-selling album yet. It has sold over 12 million copies around the world.

Kelly wrote a ballad called "Cry" for Michael Jackson. It was released on Jackson's last album "Invincible".

"TP-2.com" was released in 2000. Its first single, "I Wish", was nominated for a Grammy.

On September 2 2002, "The World's Greatest" was released as a single. It was also featured in the 2001 sports movie "Ali".

"Chocolate Factory" was released 2003. It went straight to number one in the "Billboard" 200. The album's first single "Ignition" was Kelly's second UK number 1. It was on the soundtrack of the 2003 movie "Love Don't Cost a Thing". The album got mostly good reviews.

Kelly wrote "One More Chance" for Michael Jackson's album "Number Ones". It reached number one in the UK Singles Chart.

August 24, 2004, Kelly released his second double album, "Happy People/U Saved Me". The first disc, "Happy People", is eleven soul songs. The second disc, "U Saved Me", is ten gospel songs.

Kelly released "TP.3 Reloaded" on July, 5, 2005. It was his fourth number one album in the Billboard 200.

On November 5, 2005, Kelly released the first 12 chapters of his movie Trapped in the Closet.

"Double Up", his eighth album, was released in May 2007. It was Kelly's fifth album to go straight to number one in the "Billboard" 200. Four singles were released.

On August 21, 2007 chapters 13-22 of Trapped in the Closet were released.

On June 3, 2009, Kelly released his first ever mixtape The "Demo" Tape (Gangsta Grillz), presented by DJ Skee and DJ Drama. It had eighteen songs.

On June 20 2009 he performed in Africa for the first time.

Kelly's ninth album "Untitled" was released on December 1, 2009.

On September 13, 2010, "Epic", a collection of Kelly's most 'epic' ballads, was released in Europe.

Kelly's tenth solo album "Love Letter" was released on December 14, 2010. Kelly wrote and produced all of the songs. It got good reviews. The album has fourteen songs, and a cover of Michael Jackson's "You Are Not Alone" hidden at the end. "Love Letter" was nominated for Best R&B Album at the Grammy Awards. The single "Radio Message" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Performance.

On July, 19, 2011, Kelly was rushed to hospital for throat surgery. After this he didn't make music for a while.

On February 18, 2012, he performed "I Look to You" at Whitney Houston's memorial. "I Look to You" is a song that he wrote for Houston.

Kelly's eleventh album "Write Me Back" was released June 25, 2012. That summer his memoir "" was published.

On November 23, 2012, chapters 23-33 of Trapped in the Closet were released.

On October 21, 2013, Lady Gaga released the second single, "Do What U Want", from her album "Artpop". Kelly sung on the song. They performed the song on Saturday Night Live on November 16.

On November 18, 2013, Justin Bieber released a single called "PYD" with vocals by Kelly.

Kelly's twelfth album, "Black Panties" was released in the United States on December 10, 2013. Two singles have been released from it, "Genius" and "My Story". A video was release for "Cookie". In 2014 Kelly will tour with Mary J. Blige.

In 2014, the 34th episode of "Trapped in the Closet" will be released. "" will also be published.

In January 2019, a widely viewed Lifetime docuseries titled "Surviving R. Kelly" detailed allegations of sexual abuse by multiple women, allegations Kelly denies. Facing pressure from the public using the Mute R. Kelly hashtag, RCA Records dropped Kelly. On February 22, 2019, Kelly was indicted on 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse. On July 11, 2019, Kelly was arrested on federal charges alleging sex crimes and obstruction of justice. Kelly faces a total of 18 federal counts, including child pornography, kidnapping and forced labor, as of July 12, 2019.

In 1994, Kelly married Aaliyah. Aaliyah lied about her age so the marriage would be legal.
Kelly married Andrea Kelly in 1996. They have three children. Kelly divorced her in 2009.

On February 3, 2002, a video with Kelly urinating on a young girl appeared. In 2008, Kelly was found not guilty of all the 14 counts of videotaping himself having sex with an underage girl that he was charged with.

R. Kelly has released 12 studio albums:

Space Jam

Space Jam is a 1996 American live-action/animated sports comedy movie directed by Joe Pytka and produced by Ivan Reitman, Joe Medjuck, and Daniel Goldberg. It stars former basketball star Michael Jordan and the Looney Tunes. The movie won a Grammy Award in 1997 for Best Song Written Specifically for Motion Picture or Television for "I Believe I Can Fly" by singer R. Kelly. The stand-alone sequel "", starring current basketball star LeBron James, was theatrically released on July 16, 2021.




DeMarcus Cousins

DeMarcus Cousins (born August 13, 1990 in Mobile, Alabama) is a professional basketball player. He plays for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). His position is center. The Kings chose Cousins with the fifth pick in the first round of the 2010 NBA Draft. Cousins played basketball at the University of Kentucky with the Wildcats.


Fettuccine Alfredo

Fettuccine Alfredo is a pasta dish made from fettuccine pasta tossed with Parmesan cheese and butter.

This is an old and simple recipe, in Italy it is simply called "Fettuccine al burro" (). The Italian restaurateur Alfredo Di Lelio doubled the amount of butter used. Alfredo invented his recipe in 1908 in the “trattoria” run by his mother Angelina in Rome, Piazza Rosa. This made it easier for his pregnant wife Ines to eat. He then in 1914 started selling his variation at his restaurant "Alfredo" in via della scrofa in Rome. "
Alfredo Di Lelio's family since 1950 continue to serve the fettuccine Alfredo in the restaurant "Il Vero Alfredo" in Piazza Augusto Imperatore in Rome.

Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks ate in 1927 at "Alfredo alla Scrofa" on their honeymoon, and this helped make the restaurant, and Fettuccine alfredo, popular with tourists.

In U.S. cuisine, cream is used as a sauce base. it may be mixed with other ingredients such as broccoli, parsley, garlic, shrimp, or chicken. Fettuccine Alfredo has now become ubiquitous in Italian-style restaurants in the United States and internationally, although in Italy this dish is not popular at all, as wrongly believed, and it is better known if called "Fettuccine al burro" instead of "Fettuccine Alfredo".

Fettuccine Alfredo is named for Alfredo di Lelio, an Italian restaurant owner. He ran a restaurant in Rome in the first half of the 20th century.

In 1914, his wife, who was pregnant, was having difficulty eating so he adapted a meal of pasta and butter, "pasta al burro", for her. Later, he put the dish on the menu at his restaurant, the "Alfredo alla Scrofa", and called his version Fettuccine Alfredo. Hollywood celebrities Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks visited his restaurant on their honeymoon and eat the dish. When they returned home, they talked often about the dish. This caused the restaurant and the dish to become popular with American tourists.

In 1943, Di Lelio sold the restaurant but kept the right to the name and menu. In 1950, Alfredo Di Lelio reopened a new restaurant "Il Vero Alfredo" in Rome, Piazza Augusto Imperatore 30. He worked there until his death in 1959. "Il Vero Alfredo" is now managed by his nephews Alfredo and Ines, with the famous “gold cutlery”” (fork and spoon gold) donated in 1927 by two well-known American actors Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks (in gratitude for the hospitality).

Knockout mouse

A knockout mouse is a genetically engineered mouse in which one or more genes have been turned off by a gene knockout. 

Knockout mice are important animal models for studying the role of genes which have been sequenced but whose functions are not yet known. By causing a specific gene to be inactive in the mouse, and observing any differences from normal behaviour or condition, researchers can infer its probable function.

Mice are currently the most closely related laboratory animal species to humans for which the knockout technique can easily be applied. They are widely used in knockout experiments, especially those genetic questions which relate to human physiology. 

Gene knockout in rats is much harder and has only been possible since 2003.

The first knockout mouse was created by Mario R. Capecchi, Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies in 1989, for which they were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for 2007. 

A detailed explanation of how knockout (KO) mice are produced is at the website of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2007.

Aspects of the technology for generating knockout mice, and the mice themselves have been patented in many countries by private companies.

Water chestnut

The Chinese water chestnut (or water chestnut) is a plant, "Eleocharis dulcis". 

The corms of the plant are the water chestnuts. It has a crispy white flesh and can be eaten raw, slightly boiled, grilled, pickled, or tinned. This plant comes from China. They are grown in flooded paddy fields.

Gene knockout

A gene knockout is a genetic technique in which one of an organism's genes is switched off or replaced by one which does not work. 

The organisms, such as knockout mice, are used to learn about a gene that has been sequenced, but whose function is unknown or incompletely known. Researchers draw inferences from the difference between the knockout organism and normal individuals. Knockout is often abbreviated as KO.

Gene knock-in is the opposite term. There a gene is switched on, or a working gene inserted.

Knockout is accomplished through a combination of techniques. It starts in the test tube with a plasmid, or other DNA construct, and proceeding to cell culture. 

Individual cells are genetically transformed with the DNA construct. Often the goal is to create an animal that has the altered gene. 

If so, embryonic stem cells are genetically transformed and inserted into early embryos. Resulting animals with the genetic change in their germline cells can then often pass the gene knockout to future generations.

Stewart-Haas Racing

Stewart Haas Racing is a NASCAR racing team based in Kannapolis, North Carolina. The team is co-owned by Tony Stewart and Gene Haas. There are currently four Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series drivers on the team: Kevin Harvick, Aric Almirola, Clint Bowyer, and Kurt Busch. Two Xfinity Series drivers drive for the team: Harvick and Chase Briscoe.

Temple Square

Temple Square is a National Historic Landmark and religious center in Salt Lake City, Utah, and is owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). Temple Square contains the Salt Lake Temple, Salt Lake Tabernacle, Salt Lake Assembly Hall, the Seagull Monument and two visitors' centers. With 3 million to 5 million visitors a year, Temple Square is the most popular tourist attraction in Utah.


DNA construct

A DNA construct is an artificially constructed segment of nucleic acid which is going to be 'transplanted' into a target tissue or cell. 

It often contains a DNA insert, which contains the gene sequence encoding a protein of interest. The DNA insert has been subcloned into a molecular biology vector. 

A DNA construct may express wildtype protein, or prevent the expression of certain genes by expressing competitors or inhibitors. It may express mutant proteins, such as deletion mutations or missense mutations. A DNA construct is often used in molecular biology to analyze macromolecules such as proteins or RNA in more detail.

A molecular biology vector is a DNA molecule used as a vehicle to transfer foreign genetic material into another cell. 

The main types of vectors are plasmids, bacteriophages and other viruses, and artificial chromosomes. Common to all engineered vectors are an origin of replication, a multicloning site, and a selectable marker. 

The vector itself is generally a DNA sequence that consists of an insert (transgene) and a larger sequence that serves as the 'backbone' of the vector. The backbone will include bacterial resistance genes for growth in bacteria, and promoters for expression in the organism. 

The purpose of a vector which transfers genetic information to another cell is typically to isolate, multiply, or express the insert in the target cell. 

Insertion of a vector into the target cell is usually called transformation for bacterial cells, or transfection for eukaryotic cells. Insertion of a viral vector is often called transduction.

This Hour Has 22 Minutes

This Hour Has 22 Minutes is a Canadian comedy television series created by Mary Walsh, Cathy Jones, Michael Donovan, Jack Kellum, Gerald Lunz and George Anthony. In Canada reruns are shown on The Comedy Network and new episodes are shown on Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.

On a 2004-05 episode, Carolyn Parrish was shown stomping on a George W. Bush doll and performing voodoo on its head which ultimately lead to her dismissal from the Liberal caucus.


Arnold Bennett

Enoch Arnold Bennett (27 May 1867 – 27 March 1931) was an English novelist.

He started as a journalist, and during World War I was in charge of propaganda in France.

Bennett was born in Hanley in the Potteries district of Staffordshire, and his best known books were about life in this area. He changed the names of the five towns in the district, but their names are easy to recognise.

When in London, Bennett liked to eat at the Savoy Hotel's Grill. He often ate an omelette made with smoked haddock, and this has become known as the Omelette Arnold Bennett. The Omelette Arnold Bennett has remained a Savoy standard dish ever since.

George Wald

George Wald (November 18, 1906 – April 12, 1997) was an American scientist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1967 for his discoveries in vision. He was born on November 18, 1906 in New York City and died on April 12, 1997 in Cambridge, Massachusettes, United States.

Passions (soap opera)

Passions was a television soap opera which aired starting July 5, 1999 until September 7, 2007 on NBC and on DirecTV from September 17, 2007 to August 7, 2008. This show focused toward the romantic and paranormal issues of Harmony, a fictional New England town. The storylines centered around multi racial families (the white Cranes and Bennetts, the black Russells, the Hispanic Lopez-Fitzgeralds). It also focused on Tabitha Lenox, a town witch.

Gene targeting

Gene targeting is a genetic technique for replacing an existing gene with a mutated (changed) one. It can be done in lab mice or some other model organism.

The method can be used to delete a gene, remove control sections, add a gene, and introduce point mutations. 

Gene targeting can be permanent or conditional. Conditions, for example, can be a specific time during development in the life of the organism or limited to a specific tissue.

To date, this method has been applied to a number of species including "Drosophila melanogaster", tobacco, corn, human cells. mice, and rats.

Mario R. Capecchi, Martin J. Evans and Oliver Smithies were awarded the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on "principles for introducing specific gene modifications in mice by the use of embryonic stem cells", in other words, gene targeting. 

First a DNA construct is made, usually in bacteria. The construct has the mutated gene or part of it, and a reporter gene, which may be a selectable marker. Mutated DNA is put into a stem cell genome derived from an embryo.

To target genes in mice, the construct is inserted into mouse embryonic stem cells in tissue culture. Cells with the correct insertion can be selected, because they carry a visible marker (such as a gene for white fur where the normal is brown). The treated cells can be added a mouse's tissue by embryo injection. Finally, "chimeric mice where the modified cells make up the reproductive organs are selected for breeding". After breeding to others of the same kind, the entire body of the offspring mice has the altered gene.

In practice, large numbers of the injected mice are mated, which produces a few white mice (this only occurs when there are white-type cells in the germ line). Cross-breeding the white mice produces 50% of offspring which are homozygous for the marker, and so pure-bred for the experimental gene being inserted. Tests on the mice with the gene insertion can now take place.

Pipit

The pipits are a cosmopolitan genus Anthus, of small passerine birds with medium to long tails. Along with the wagtails and longclaws, the pipits make up the family Motacillidae. The genus is widespread, occurring across most of the world, except the driest deserts, rainforests and the mainland of Antarctica.

They are slender, often drab, ground-feeding insectivores of open country. Like their relatives in the family, the pipits are monogamous and territorial. Pipits are ground nesters, laying up to six speckled eggs.

Potter Park Zoo

The Potter Park Zoo is a zoo in Lansing, Michigan. Potter Park Zoo is the oldest public zoo in Michigan. The zoo is in size. The zoo has more than 160 species of animals. The zoo is owned by the City of Lansing, and operated by Ingham County. The zoo is a member of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA).

Potter Park Zoo was dedicated on July 5, 1915. The zoo officially opened in 1920.

The Bird and Reptile building opened in 1929. In 1930 the Lion building opened. The bighorn sheep exhibit (originally called Monkey Island) was constructed in 1936. The aviary was constructed in 1941. The barnyard and petting zoo opened in 1949. In the 1950s, Potter Park Zoo had 138 mammals and 267 birds.
In the late 1960s, the zoo began a decline from municipal neglect. In 1969 a columnist of the "Lansing State Journal" encouraged residents to raise money for the zoo.

A magellanic penguin exhibit opened in 1985. In 1986 the zoo became a member of the American Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA). In 1989 the zoo's Lion House was renovated and renamed the Feline and Primate Building.
In 2005 endangered tiger cubs were born at the zoo. They were featured on NBC's Today Show. In 2005 the "River Otter" and "Arctic Fox" exhibits opened. In November 2006 Lansing transferred the operation and maintenance of the zoo to Ingham County.
In January 2009 the zoo announced plans to expand the eastern black rhinoceros exhibit. In 2009 the "Wings from Down Under" aviary opened with more than 600 Australian birds. In March 2010 Potter Park Zoo artificially inseminated a female snow leopard. It is believed to be the first successful procedure without surgery or anesthesia. A larger Eurasian Eagle-owl exhibit opened in September 2010. 

Potter Park Zoo's Feline and Primate Building has two Amur tigers, African lions, snow leopards, mandrills, Pallas' cats, cotton-top tamarins, black-headed spider monkeys,golden lion tamarins, mongoose, red-ruffed, and ring-tailed lemurs.
The Bird and Reptile House has rare flying creatures like Bali starlings, chestnut-fronted macaws, eastern screech owls, Eurasian eagle owls, green aracaries, Jambu fruit doves. There are scaly species like chukwallas, inland bearded dragons, leopard geckos, blue-tongued skinks, Gila monsters, water dragons, boa constrictors, green tree pythons, and more. 

The Coral Reef Room, showcases exotic fish, crustaceans, eels, and coral.

The Farmyard EdVentures is where children can pet and feed animals at the barnyard and petting zoo. The petting zoo has goats, burros, reindeer, yaks, toy pigs, tortoises, and rabbits.

The Wing From Down Under aviary has grass parakeets, cockatiels, and eastern rosellas.

Gardens and a pond have ducks, geese, swans, and pelicans. Other animals at the zoo are kangaroos, penguins, river otters, bongos, bald eagles, eastern timberwolves, red pandas, arctic foxes, and porcupines.


Anonymous work

Anonymous works are works, such as art or literature, made by someone who is anonymous. Some authors or artists choose to keep their identity a secret; others cannot reveal their names for legal reasons. In 2007, The Washington Post published an article by an anonymous author describing the use of national security letters by the FBI. In this case, the author, who would have preferred to be named, could not reveal his or her identity because it was against the law. 

Some anonymous works are not created by people who choose to be anonymous, but their creators are unknown (not by choice). With some very old or ancient works, the creator's name may simply be lost over the course of history, or historians are not sure. In such cases the author is often referred to as Anonymus, the Latin form of "anonymous". In the United States it is legally defined as "a work on the copies or phonorecords of which no natural person is identified as author." 


2011 Tucson shooting

The 2011 Tucson shooting was a mass murder in Tucson, Arizona. 

The mass shooting happened on January 8, 2011. Nineteen people were shot. Six of the nineteen people died. Another person was injured. 

U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords was holding a public meeting in the parking lot of a Safeway store. 

Giffords was shot through the head from a very short distance. Her condition was said to be very bad just after the shooting. The six killed included John Roll, a chief judge for the District of Arizona. 

22 year old schizophrenic Jared Lee Loughner was arrested at the scene with five charges filed against him. Loughner pleaded guilty to 19 crimes. He never gave a reason for the shooting. In November 2012, Loughner was sentenced to life in prison.

Nintendogs + Cats

Nintendogs + Cats is a video game sequel of Nintendogs. It was released in North America on March 26, 2011. This game has a total of 3 versions. It is made for the Nintendo 3DS.

On April 26, 2011, just one month after this game was released in North America, Nintendogs + Cats have sold 1.7 million copies of the game.

Common Sense Media gave this game 5 out of 5 stars.

Nintendogs + Cats has more features than Nintendogs, like a RoboDog and cats.

Trey Songz

Tremaine Aldon Neverson (born November 28, 1984 ), better known by his stage name "Trey Songz". 
Songz was born in Petersburg, Virginia, and raised in a military family, He did not intend having a musical career as a child due to his shyness, saying "Singing wasn't a reality for me, until other people started noticing I sounded good." He recognized his vocal abilities at the age of 14 in 1998 (jobs). 
A
Some refer to him as 'The Prince of R&B'. His 2010 album, "Passion, Pain and Pleasure", entered the Billboard magazine charts at Number 2 in September 2010. the song "Bottoms Up" from the album got into the Top Ten songs. 



Mad About You

Mad About You is an American situation comedy. It began on NBC on September 23, 1992. It ended on May 24, 1999. It stars Paul Reiser and Helen Hunt. They play a married couple living in New York City. Near the end of the sitcom's run, the couple have a baby, Mabel.

Go Ask Alice

Go Ask Alice is a controversial book from 1971. The book is said to be the actual diary of an anonymous teenage girl who became addicted to drugs. The diarist's name is never given in the book. The title is from the lyrics to the Jefferson Airplane song "White Rabbit". Grace Slick wrote the song based on drug references in the classic novel "Alice's Adventures In Wonderland" by Lewis Carroll.

The story caused a sensation when published and remains in print as of 2011. Revelations about the book's origin have caused much doubt as to its authenticity and factual accounts, and the publishers have listed it as a work of fiction since at least the mid-late 1980s. Although it is still published under the byline "Anonymous", press interviews and copyright records suggest that it is largely or wholly the work of its purported editor, Beatrice Sparks. Some of the days and dates referenced in the book put the timeline from 1968 until 1970.

The teenage girl is insecure and wants more friends. She does this by taking drugs. Because of this she gets all kind of problems and is not a 'real' child anymore.

A 15-year-old girl begins keeping a diary. With a sensitive, observant style, she records her thoughts and concerns about issues such as crushes, weight loss, sexuality, social acceptance, and difficulty relating to her parents. The diarist's father, a college professor, accepts a teaching position at a new college. After the move the diarist feels like an outcast at the new school, with no friends. She then meets Beth and they become best friends. When Beth leaves for summer camp the diarist returns to her hometown to stay with her grandparents. She reunites with an old school neighbor, Jill. Jill is impressed by the diarist's move to a larger town, and invites her to a party. At the party, bottles of sodas—some of which are labeled with LSD—were served. The diarist was not known about LSD and has an intense and pleasure trip. Over the following days the diarist continues friendships with the people from the party and willingly uses more drugs. She loses her virginity while on LSD. She worries she may be pregnant, and her grandfather has a small heart attack. Gullets and lies were overwhelming her.

National Climatic Data Center

The United States National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) in Asheville, North Carolina is the world's largest active archive of weather data. The center became established in late 1951, and moved into a new facility in early 1952. The center collects data on climate change, science, and transportation.

Model organism

A model organism is a non-human species that is studied over many years, building up a lot of knowledge about it in order to understand fundamental biological phenomena. The hope is that discoveries made in the model will give insight into how other organisms work.

In particular, model organisms are widely used in animal testing to explore potential causes and treatments for human disease when experimenting on humans would be impossible or less ethical.

This strategy is made possible by the similarities of all living organisms. They are similar because of their common descent and the conservation of metabolic and developmental pathways and genes over the course of evolution.

"Drosophila melanogaster" was one of the first animals used for genetics. Today it is one of the most widely used and genetically best-known of all eukaryotic organisms.

All organisms use common genetic systems; understanding transcription and replication in fruit flies helps to understand these processes in other eukaryotes, including humans.

Studies of X-linked traits confirmed that genes are found on chromosomes. Studies of linked traits led to the first maps of genetic loci on chromosomes. The first maps of "Drosophila" chromosomes were done by Alfred Sturtevant.

"Drosophila melanogaster" is one of the most studied organisms in biological research, particularly in genetics and developmental biology. Its complete genome was sequenced and first published in 2000.

Because great deal is known about its development from egg to larva to adult, it is a key model for developmental genetics, or evo-devo. The hox genes, or homeobox, which control development in metazoa, were worked out first of all in "Drosophila".

In 1946, Joshua Lederberg and Edward Tatum first described the phenomenon known as bacterial conjugation using "Escherichia coli" as a model bacterium.

"E. coli" was an integral part of the first experiments to understand phage genetics, and early researchers, such as Seymour Benzer, used "E. coli" and phage T4 to understand the topography of gene structure. Before Benzer's research, it was not known whether the gene was a linear structure, or if it had a branching pattern.

"E. coli" was one of the first organisms to have its genome sequenced; the complete genome of "E. coli" K12 was published by "Science" in 1997.
The long-term evolution experiments using "E. coli", begun by Richard Lenski in 1988, have allowed direct observation of major evolutionary shifts in the laboratory.


John McGraw

John Joseph McGraw (April 7, 1873– February 25, 1934) was a Major League baseball player/manager from 1894-1932. He was a player for the Baltimore Orioles and the New York Giants from 1894 until 1906. McGraw died one year after he stopped managing for the Giants.

History of the Cricket World Cup

The inaugural Cricket World Cup was hosted in 1975 by England, the only nation with the resources to stage such a big an event at that time. The 1975 tournament started on June 7. The first three events were held in England and officially known as the Prudential Cup after the sponsors Prudential plc. The matches were 60 six-ball overs per team, played during the daytime in traditional form, with the players wearing cricket whites and using red cricket balls.

There were eight teams in the first tournament: Australia, England, India, New Zealand, Pakistan, and the West Indies (the six Test nations at the time), together with Sri Lanka and a composite team from East Africa. One notable omission was South Africa, who were banned from international cricket due to apartheid. The tournament was won by the West Indies, who defeated Australia by 17 runs in the final at Lord's.

The 1979 World Cup saw the introduction of the ICC Trophy competition to select non-Test playing teams for the World Cup, with Sri Lanka and Canada qualifying. West Indies won the second World Cup tournament, defeating the hosts, England, by 92 runs in the final. At a meeting which followed the World Cup, the International Cricket Conference agreed to make the competition every 4 years.

The 1983 event was hosted by England for a third time. By this time, Sri Lanka had become a Test-playing nation, and Zimbabwe qualified through the ICC Trophy. A fielding circle was introduced, away from the stumps. Four fieldsmen needed to be inside it at all times. India, an outsider quoted at 66-1 to win by bookmakers before the competition began, were crowned champions after upsetting the West Indies by 43 runs in the final.

The 1987 tournament, named the Reliance World Cup after their Indian sponsors, was held in India and Pakistan, the first time that the competition was held outside England. The games were reduced from 60 to 50 overs per innings, the current standard, because of the shorter daylight hours in the Indian subcontinent compared with England's summer. Australia won the championship by defeating England by 7 runs in the final, the closest margin in World Cup final history.

The 1992 World Cup, held in Australia and New Zealand, introduced many changes to the game, such as coloured clothing, white balls, day/night matches, and an alteration to the fielding restrictions. The South African cricket team participated in the event for the first time, following the fall of the apartheid regime and the end of the international sports boycott. Pakistan overcame a dismal start to emerge as winners, defeating England by 22 runs in the final.

The 1996 championship was held in the Indian subcontinent for a second time, with the inclusion of Sri Lanka as host for some of its group stage matches. In the semi-final, Sri Lanka, heading towards a crushing victory over India at Eden Gardens (Calcutta) after their hosts lost eight wickets while scoring 120 runs in pursuit of 254, were awarded victory by default after riots broke out in protest against the Indian performance. Sri Lanka went on to win their maiden championship by defeating Australia by seven wickets in the final, which was held in Lahore.

In 1999 the event was hosted by England, with some matches also being held in Scotland, Ireland, Wales and the Netherlands. Australia qualified for the semi-finals after reaching their target in their Super 6 match against South Africa off the final over of the match. They then proceeded to the final with a tied match in the semi-final (also against South Africa) where a mix-up between South African batsmen Lance Klusener and Allan Donald saw Donald drop his bat and stranded mid-pitch to be run out. In the final, Australia dismissed Pakistan for 132 and then reached the target in less than 20 overs, with eight wickets in hand.

South Africa, Zimbabwe and Kenya hosted the 2003 World Cup. The number of teams participating in the event increased from twelve to fourteen. Kenya's victories over Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe, among others – and a forfeit by the New Zealand team, which refused to play in Kenya because of security concerns – enabled Kenya to reach the semi-finals, the best result by an associate. In the final, Australia made 359 runs for the loss of two wickets, the largest ever total in a final, defeating India by 125 runs.

In 2007 the tournament was hosted by the West Indies. The Cricket World Cup became the world tournament to be hosted on all six populated continents. Bangladesh progressed to the second round for the first time, after defeating India, and they later went on to defeat South Africa in the second round. Ireland making their World Cup debut tied with Zimbabwe and defeated Pakistan to progress to the second round, where they went on to defeat Bangladesh Following their defeat to Ireland, the Pakistani coach Bob Woolmer was found dead in his hotel room. The cause of death was heart failure, Australia defeated Sri Lanka in the final by 53 runs (D/L), extending their undefeated run in the World Cup to 29 matches and winning three straight World Cups.

HuffPost

HuffPost (used to be called The Huffington Post) is an American liberal news website and political blog. It was founded in 2005 by Andrew Breitbart, Arianna Huffington, Kenneth Lerer, and Jonah Peretti. The website prints news stories and columns (called blogs) by celebrities, politicians, academics, and other well known people who have been invited to write for them.

"HuffPost" has around 25 million visitors each month and is the most well known political blog in the world. Der Spiegel calls The Huffington Post the most important source of information for millions of Americans.

On February 7, 2011, AOL announced it would acquire "The Huffington Post" for US$315 million.

"HuffPost" has both staff writers, and other individuals they have invited to write for them, from politicians and celebrities to academics and policy experts, who contribute on a wide range of topics. The term "blog" is used for columns written by both staff and invited columnists.

Denim

Denim is a very strong kind of cloth. Denim has been used in the United States since the late 18th century. The word comes from the name of a cloth called serge. Serge was first made in the French town of Nîmes (de Nîmes)), by the André family. First called "serge de Nîmes", the name was soon shortened to denim.

Denims are highly popular throughout India. Before in celebrations, formal wear was obvious. These days in many functions and even in workplaces, there is no shortage of people donning denims. International brand skinny jeans available in Asia and the market sees introduction of new styles.

Denim was usually colored blue with indigo dye to make blue "jeans," though "jean" meant a different, lighter cotton textile. 

Between 1973 and 1975, Volkswagen made the Jeans Beetle, which had all-denim trim. They did this again in some later models.

Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez

The Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez is a Mexican Formula One circuit near Mexico City. It was named after racing driver Ricardo Rodríguez (the brother of Pedro Rodríguez, a Formula One driver). It was finished in 1962 and held its first Formula One race there in the same year, though it did not count for the championship. A year later, the Mexican Grand Prix started, and continued from 1963 to 1970, where F1 did not return until 1986, and left once again 1992. The track still hosts various events, and even hosted the Nationwide Series from 2005 to 2008, before leaving once again.

Andromeda

Andromeda may refer to:

In arts and literature:


In comics:

Andromeda (constellation)

Andromeda is a constellation in the northern sky. It is named after the princess Andromeda in Greek mythology. It is sometimes called "Princess of Ethiopia" or "the Chained Woman" in English. It has also been called "Persea" ("Perseus's wife") or "Cepheis" ("Cepheus's daughter"). The astronomer named Ptolemy listed Andromeda when he made a list of 48 constellations. It is also one of the 88 constellations made by the International Astronomical Union.

The Andromeda Galaxy is inside Andromeda. It is the closest spiral galaxy to Earth, at about 2.2 million light-years from Earth (estimates range up to 2.5 million light-years). The brightest star in Andromeda is called Alpha Andromedae, which is a binary star.

K.d. lang

Kathryn Dawn Lang, better known as k.d. lang (born November 2, 1961), is a Canadian country and pop singer-songwriter and guitarist. Her best known hit is "Constant Craving". She has contributed songs to many movie soundtracks.

Lang was born in Edmonton, Alberta. She is openly lesbian and is an activist for LGBT rights.

Premier of the Soviet Union

The Premier of the Soviet Union was the head of government. Most western countries use the term "Prime Minister". In the former Soviet Union the job had many names:


Loretta Lynn

Loretta Lynn (née Webb; April 14, 1932 – October 4, 2022) was an American country music singer and songwriter born in Kentucky. She became a part of the country music scene in Nashville during the 1960s. In 1967 she charted her first of 16 number 1 songs overall. However, certain country music radio stations would not play her songs due to subject matter. Despite that, she had become the "First Known Lady of Country Music" and was one of the most successful vocalists of all time.

Lynn was named after movie star Loretta Young. Lynn's sisters are Crystal Gayle and Peggy Sue, who are also country singers. She was married to Oliver Lynn from January 10, 1948 until he died on August 22, 1996.



Microbial mat

A microbial mat is a multi-layered sheet of microorganisms, mainly bacteria and archaea. They were first described by Paracelsus (~1519), but their full significance was not realised until the last quarter of the 20th century.

Microbial mats grow mostly on submerged or moist surfaces but a few survive in deserts. They colonize environments ranging in temperature from –40 °C to +120 °C. A few are endosymbionts of animals.

Although usually only a few centimetres thick, microbial mats create a wide range of internal chemical environments. They consist of layers of microorganisms that can feed on or tolerate the chemicals at their level. In moist conditions mats are held together by slimy substances (polysaccharides) secreted by the microorganisms. Some of the micro-organisms form tangled webs of filaments which make the mat tougher. The best known physical forms are flat mats and stubby pillars called stromatolites, but there are also spherical forms.

Microbial mats are the earliest form of life on Earth for which there is good fossil evidence, from 3500 million years ago, and were for a long period the most important members of the planet's ecosystems.

Originally they may have depended on hydrothermal vents for energy and chemical "food". The development of photosynthesis gradually liberated them from the 'hydrothermal ghetto' by proving a more widely-available energy source, sunlight, although initially the photosynthesizing mats still depended on the diffusion of chemicals emitted by hydrothermal vents. The final and most significant stage of this liberation was the development of oxygen-producing photosynthesis, since the main chemical inputs for this are carbon dioxide and water.

As a result microbial mats began to produce the atmosphere we know today, in which free oxygen is a vital component. At around the same time they may also have been the birthplace of the more complex eukaryote type of cell, of which all multicellular organisms are composed. Microbial mats were abundant on the shallow seabed until the Cambrian substrate revolution, when animals living in shallow seas increased their burrowing capabilities and thus broke up the surfaces of mats and let oxygenated water into the deeper layers, poisoning the oxygen-intolerant micro-organisms that lived there. Although this revolution drove mats off soft floors of shallow seas, they still flourish in many environments where burrowing is limited or impossible, including rocky seabeds and shores, hyper-saline and brackish lagoons, and are found on the floors of the deep oceans.

Because of microbial mats' ability to use almost anything as nutrients, there is considerable interest in industrial uses of mats, especially for water treatment and for cleaning up pollution.

Fiji Hindi

Fiji Hindi or Fiji Urdu is an Indo-Aryan language which is the mother tongue of 313,000 people of Indian and Pakistani origin in Fiji.

This language is very different from the standard Hindi spoken in India and the relationship between the two languages are similar to those between Dutch and Afrikaans. The language is composed of the Eastern Hindi dialects (Bhojpuri and Awadhi) with numerous English and Fijian words. It is spoken with a Pacific twang. 

In recent times, due to the political upheaval in Fiji, large numbers of Fiji Indians have migrated to Australia, New Zealand, United States and Canada, taking the Fiji Hindi language with them. 


Electronic money

Electronic money is money stored electronically, and spent by using a technical device, such as a smart card. If it is stored on a card, its use may be secured by a PIN code. In Japan, electronic money is commonly used to pay for train tickets. JR East’s prepaid train ticket (Suica) and JR West’s IC Operating card (ICOCA). Suica and ICOCA are plastic cards with a built-in IC chip. Suica was originally introduced in 2001.

In addition, many types of electronic money are used in other train stations in Japan. For example, Kitaca is electronic money in the Hokkaido area, Sugoca is used in the Kyusyu area, etc. Most electronic money is also used to pay for goods at convenience stores in Japan.

In 2004, NTT DoCoMo launched a mobile phone that uses smart card chip to realize electronic
money capability. Recently, many people have been using these kinds of electronic money cards in Japan.

Note, that electronic money is always backed by real money. For this reason, cryptocurrencies cannot be used as electronic money.

In the European Union, authorized and regulated electronic money institutions can issue e-money which serves as a "digital alternative to cash". The issuance of e-money is governed by the Directive 2009/110/EC "on the taking up, pursuit and prudential supervision of the business of electronic money institutions". The Directive also describes e-money as a "technically neutral ... electronic surrogate for coins and banknotes". 

In June of 2019, the Icelandic company Monerium become the first company authorized to issue e-money tokens on blockchains. 


Sori Yanagi

He was born in 1915 in Tokyo, Japan, as the son of Soetsu Yanagi, who founded the "mingei" movement which celebrated Japanese folk crafts and the beauty of everyday objects. Soetsu helped establish the Nihon Mingeikon, the Folk Crafts Museum of Japan. Sori entered Tokyo Art School in 1934, where he studied both art and architecture. He was influenced by Le Corbusier as well as by Charlotte Perriand when she worked in Japan in the early 1940s. So, his interests moved from painting to buildings to design and objects.
After World War II, he designed many products: furniture, three-wheeled vehicles, Olympic cauldrons, pedestrian overpasses, etc. One of the most famous pieces of furniture is his Butterfly Stool. Announced in 1956, its' 2-piece form has been compared to a butterfly's open wings. Alternately, the shape can be seen as the gateway of a Shinto shrine or even an antique samurai helmet. In effect, it is a form that is both modern and timeless, that has won critical acclaim and prizes, and is included in major collections such as the Museum of Modern Art New York and the Ruble Museum.

Most of Yanagi's designs are very simple and beautiful. His products illustrate his thinking: true beauty is not made, it is born naturally. When he created a new product, he made the first versions over and over by hand, seeking new forms that took shape from both new and old ideas..

Sori Yanagi died at the age of 96 in 2011 . 

Yukata

The yukata is a kind of kimono. "Yukata" are very casual kimono, and are worn in the summer.
Normal kimono can be difficult to wear because they have many different parts. These can include a long, stiff obi (belt), a kimono worn underneath the outer kimono, called a "juban", and padding to make the shape of the kimono nicer. Many Japanese people cannot put normal kimono on by themselves, as they are so different to everyday clothing.

However, "yukata" are a type of kimono that is easy to wear. They are made of cotton, and do not have to be worn with a "juban". They are worn with thin, short obi, called "hanhaba" obi, which are easy to tie without someone else's help.

"Yukata" are worn in the summer, and are very popular to wear to festivals. They are cheap, keep the body cool, and are easy to wash and dry, unlike regular silk kimono. 

"Yukata" used to be decorated only with designs in blue and white colours. However, many modern "yukata" have bright and colourful designs, making them fun and fashionable to wear. Many young women wear "yukata" and "geta" (Japanese clogs) at summer festivals, fireworks displays, and "Bon" festival dances.

Recently, "yukata" have been adopted as summer uniforms in some of the restaurants and theme parks in Japan. The sumo wrestler wears a "yukata" in his daily life, every single day. In addition, a type of "yukata" called "nemaki" are used as night clothes for guests at many Japanese hotels and inns. Unlike "yukata", and regular kimono, "nemaki" are not made differently for men and women.

Tonkatsu

Tonkatsu (, or ) is a Japanese dish of fried pork meat. 

Either pork fillet or pork loin, is sliced. It is then coated in flour, dipped into beaten eggs, and rolled in breadcrumbs. It is then fried in hot oil. People often use a Japanese Worcester sauce, but some use a vinegar-soy-sauce called ponzu when they eat it. "Tonkatsu" originated as a cutlet, but it is also used as a sandwich filling or in combination with curry. 

"Tonkatsu" originated in Japan in the 19th century. Now it is known as a Japanese food by most of the world. It is usually prepared for special occasions, for example a wedding. It is always served with a type of alcoholic drink.

Wilderness Road

The Wilderness Road was a trail made by Daniel Boone in 1769 through the Appalachian Mountains and through Kentucky. This road was used for more than 50 years for settlers to travel from the East into Kentucky.

Iroquois

The Iroquois (), also known as the Haudenosaunee or the "People of the Longhouse", are a group of tribes of indigenous people of North America. After the people who spoke Iroquoian came together as different tribes, which were mostly in what is now central and upstate New York, in the 16th century or earlier they came together in an group known today as the Iroquois League, or the "League of Peace and Power". The first Iroquois League was often known as the Five Nations, as it was made up of the Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Cayuga and Seneca. After the Tuscarora nation joined the League in 1722, the Iroquois became known as the Six Nations. To this day, fifty "sachems" who represent different clans of the Iroquois meet at the Grand Council near Syracuse, New York.

When Europeans first arrived in North America, the Iroquois lived in what is now the northeastern United States, mostly in what is today upstate New York, west of the Hudson River and through the Finger Lakes region. Today, the Iroquois live mostly in New York and Canada.

The Iroquois League has also been called the Iroquois Confederacy. Some modern scholars now think the League and the Confederacy are different. According to this belief, the term "Iroquois League" stands for the ceremonies and culture found in the Grand Council, while the term "Iroquois Confederacy" stands for what was the spread out political and diplomatic group that was made after Europeans began colonizing America. The League still exists. The Confederacy broke up after the defeat of the British and allied Iroquois nations in the American Revolutionary War.

The Iroquois call themselves the ""Haudenosaunee"", which means "People of the Longhouse," or more accurately, "They Are Building a Long House." They believe that the Great Peacemaker came up with the name when the League was formed. It means that the nations of the League should live together as families in the same longhouse. Symbolically, the Mohawk guarded the eastern door, as they lived in the east closest to the Hudson River. The Seneca guarded the western door of the "tribal longhouse", the land they controlled in New York. The Onondaga, who lived in the center of Haudenosaunee territory, were keepers of the League's (both literal and figurative) central flame. 
The French colonists called the Haudenosaunee by the name of "Iroquois". There are several different places this name might have come from:


Members of the League speak Iroquoian languages that are very different from those of other Iroquoian speakers. This suggests that while the different Iroquoian tribes had the same historical and cultural origin, they came apart over a long enough time that their languages became different. Evidence from archaeology shows that Iroquois ancestors lived in the Finger Lakes region from at least 1000 AD.
The Iroquois League was made before they first met European people. Most archaeologists and anthropologists think that the League was made sometime between about 1450 and 1600, although some people think it was even earlier.

According to tradition, the League was formed through the efforts of two men, "Deganawida", sometimes known as the Great Peacemaker, and "Hiawatha". They brought a message, called the Great Law of Peace, to the fighting Iroquoian nations. The nations who joined the League were the Seneca, Onondaga, Oneida, Cayuga and Mohawk. Once they stopped most of their fighting, the Iroquois fast became one of the strongest forces in 17th- and 18th-century northeastern North America.

According to legend, an evil Onondaga chieftain named "Tadodaho" was the last to be converted to the ways of peace by The Great Peacemaker and Hiawatha. He became the spiritual leader of the Haudenosaunee. This is said to have occurred at Onondaga Lake near Syracuse, New York. The title "Tadodaho" is still used for the league's spiritual leader, the fiftieth chief, who sits with the Onondaga in council. He is the only one of the fifty to have been chosen by the entire Haudenosaunee people. The current "Tadodaho" is Sid Hill of the Onondaga Nation.

In the 1600s, the Iroquois fought with other tribes for hunting land. This is called the Beaver Wars.

During the French and Indian War (the North American part of the Seven Years' War), the Iroquois took the side of the British against the French and their Algonquian allies, both of whom had been enemies of the Iroquois in the past. The Iroquois hoped that helping the British would also bring favors after the war. In actuality, few Iroquois joined the campaign, and in the Battle of Lake George, a group of Mohawk and French ambushed a Mohawk-led British column. The British government made the Royal Proclamation of 1763 after the war, which said that white people could not live past the Appalachian Mountains, but this proclamation was largely ignored by the settlers, and the Iroquois agreed to move this line again at the Treaty of Fort Stanwix in 1768, where they sold the British all their remaining claim to the lands between the Ohio and Tennessee Rivers.

During the American Revolution, many Tuscarora and the Oneida took the side of the colonists, while the Mohawk, Seneca, Onondaga and Cayuga remained loyal to Great Britain. This was the first major split among the Six Nations. Joseph Louis Cook offered his services to the United States and received a Congressional commission as a Lieutenant Colonel- the highest rank held by any Native American during the war. However, after a series of successful operations against frontier settlements – led by the Mohawk war chief Joseph Brant, other war chiefs, and British allies – the future United States wanted revenge. In 1779, George Washington ordered the Sullivan Campaign led by Col. Daniel Brodhead and General John Sullivan against the Iroquois nations to "not merely overrun, but destroy," the British-Indian alliance.

After the war, the ancient central fireplace of the League was made again at Buffalo Creek. Colonel Joseph Brant and a group of Iroquois left New York to settle in Canada. As a reward for their loyalty to the British Crown, they were given a large land grant, now called Brantford, Ontario on the Grand River.

Traditionally, the Iroquois were a mix of farmers, fishers, gatherers and hunters, although most of their food came from farming. The main crops they farmed were corn, beans and squash, which were called the three sisters and were considered special gifts from the Creator. These crops are grown strategically. The food was stored during the winter, and it lasted for two to three years. When the soil eventually became less fertile, the Iroquois moved.

Gathering was the job of the women and children. Wild roots, greens, berries and nuts were gathered in the summer. During spring, maple syrup was tapped from the trees, and herbs were gathered for medicine.

The Iroquois hunted mostly deer but also other game such as wild turkey and migratory birds. Muskrat and beaver were hunted during the winter. Fishing was also a big source of food because the Iroquois lived near a large river (St. Lawerence River). They fished salmon, trout, bass, perch and whitefish. In the spring the Iroquois netted, and in the winter fishing holes were made in the ice.

When Americans and Canadians of European descent began to study Iroquois customs in the 18th and 19th centuries, they found that women assumed a position in Iroquois society that was about equal in power to that of the men. Women could own property including homes, horses and farmed land, and when they married, they could keep their property without it being given to their husbands. A woman could keep the money she earned for herself. A husband lived in the longhouse of his wife's family. A woman choosing to divorce a husband who was not being a good husband was able to ask him to leave the dwelling, taking any of his possessions with him. Women had responsibility for the children of the marriage, and children were educated by members of the mother's family. The clans were matrilineal, which means that clan ties were traced through the mother's line. If a couple broke up, the woman kept the children.

The chief of a clan could be removed at any time by a council of the mothers of that clan. The chief's sister was responsible for nominating the next chief.

Important festivals were at the same time as the major events of the agricultural calendar, including a harvest festival of thanksgiving. The Great Peacemaker (Deganawida) was their prophet. After the Europeans arrived, many Iroquois became Christians, among them Kateri Tekakwitha, a young woman of Mohawk-Algonkin parents. Traditional Iroquois religious beliefs became somewhat more popular again in the second half of the 18th century by the teachings of the Iroquois prophet Handsome Lake.

The first five nations listed below formed the original Five Nations (listed from south to north); the Tuscarora became the sixth nation in 1720.

Within each of the six nations, people are divided into a number of matrilineal clans. The number of clans varies by nation, currently from three to eight, with a total of nine different clan names.

It is difficult to figure out exactly how many Iroquois there are today. About 45,000 Iroquois lived in Canada in 1995. In the 2000 census, 80,822 people in the United States said they were Iroquois, with 45,217 of them claiming only an Iroquois background. There were about 30,000 tribal registrations among the Six Nations in the United States in 1995.

The Grand Council of the Iroquois League is an assembly of 56 "Hoyenah" (chiefs) or Sachems, a number that has never changed. Today, the seats on the Council are distributed among the Six Nations as follows:

When anthropologist Lewis Henry Morgan studied the Grand Council in the 19th century, he thought it was a central government. This interpretation became influential, but some scholars have since argued that while the Grand Council served an important ceremonial role, it was not a government in the way that Morgan thought. According to this view, Iroquois political and diplomatic decisions are made on the local level, and are based on what the local communities think. A central government that makes policy and puts it into practice for the people at large is not how the Iroquois handle government.

In 1855, Minnie Myrtle saw that no Iroquois treaty came into effect unless it was approved by 75% of the male voters and 75% of the mothers of the nation. 
The women held real power, particularly the power to veto treaties or declarations of war.

Councils of the mothers of each tribe were held separately from the men's councils. The women used men as runners to send word of their decisions, or a woman could appear at the men's council to speak, presenting the view of the women. Women often were the ones who suggested new laws.


Banach–Tarski paradox

The Banach–Tarski paradox is a theorem in mathematics that says that any solid shape can be reassembled into any other solid shape. It was made by mathematicians Stefan Banach and Alfred Tarski. For example, a sphere can be split up into a limited number of parts which can then be put back together again to make two identical copies of the original sphere. The Banach–Tarski paradox can also be used to turn a small sphere into a huge sphere. It is important when thinking about this to realize that the parts that the solid shape is being split into are not solid shapes themselves; they are infinite sets of points spread around the solid shape. For the Banach–Tarski paradox to work, you need to use the axiom of choice.

This is called a paradox because no stretching or bending of the parts takes place and no new material is added, yet by the end the volume can be doubled. This goes against our geometric intuition. However, it is mathematically possible and it turns out that in this case our intuition is not correct.


Bill Irwin (wrestler)

Barney William Irwin (born September 17, 1954 in Duluth, Minnesota) is an American professional wrestler who is known for the ring names, Wild Bill Irwin and The Goon and for wrestling for WWF and WCW. Irwin recently appeared on the 15th-anniversary of WWE Raw special on December 10, 2007, where he wrestled and participated in the 15th Anniversary Battle Royal.


Annette Bening

Annette Bening (born May 29, 1958) is an American movie actress. She was born in Topeka, Kansas. She has been nominated four times for an Academy Award.

Bening is a four-time Oscar nominee for her roles in "The Grifters", "American Beauty", "Being Julia", and "The Kids Are All Right", winning Golden Globe Awards for the latter two films. She won a BAFTA and a SAG award for her performance in "American Beauty".

In 1995, Bening appeared in "The American President", playing Sydney Wade, a PR (public relations) consultant who dates the President, played by Michael Douglas.

From 1984 to 1991, Annette was married to J. Steven White. On March 3, 1992, she married Warren Beatty. They have four children.

Dodge Nitro

The Dodge Nitro was a compact SUV that was built by Chrysler's Dodge brand. The Nitro has had 2 generations with the second one being built in 2011. The Nitro has been built since 2006 and made its debut in February of 2005 at the Chicago Auto Show. The Nitro was designed by Dennis Myles. The Nitro was discontinued in 2012.


Dodge Journey

The Dodge Journey is a mid-size crossover SUV that is built by Chrysler's Dodge brand. The Journey has had one generation during its time. The vehicle has replaced the Dodge Caravan. The Journey has been built since 2008 and made its debut in 2007 at the Frankfurt Motor Show. The Journey was designed by Ryan Nagode. The Journey can seat five or seven people depending on the wheelbase length.


Nissan Cube

The Nissan Cube is a mini MPV that was built by the Nissan Motor Company. The first Cube arrived in 1998. It entered its second generation in 2002. The third generation launched in 2008 and ended production without a replacement in December 2019. The assembly for the Nissan Cube was in Oppama, Japan. They were sold in Japan and North America, and additionally Europe for one year in 2010.


Nissan Juke

The Nissan Juke is a Mini SUV that is built by the Nissan Motor Company. The Juke has had 2 generations during its time. The assembly for the Nissan Juke is in Oppama, Japan and Sunderland, United Kingdom. The Juke made its debut at the 2010 Geneva Motor Show in March, and made its North America debut at the 2010 New York International Auto Show. It entered its second generation in late 2019.

Jacques Monod

Jacques Lucien Monod (9 February 1910 in Paris - 31 May 1976 in Paris) was a French biologist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1965 for his discoveries about the genetic control of enzyme and virus synthesis which he shared with François Jacob and Andre Lwoff.

Monod's best-known work explains how llife is the product of a combination of chance and necessity. It has been described as a "manifesto of materialist biology in the most reductivist sense", because Monod says that systems in nature can be explained without introducing any end-goal or purpose. He then argues that certain beliefs and ethics followed from his outlook on biology: atheism, rationalism, anti-Marxism.

During World War II he was a member of the French Resistance.

Paul Hermann Müller

Paul Hermann Müller (January 12, 1899 – October 12, 1965) was an Swiss chemist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1948 for his discovery of insecticidal qualities and use of DDT in the control of vector diseases. He was born on January 12, 1899 in Olten, Switzerland and died on October 12, 1965 in Basel, Switzerland.

Max Theiler

Max Theiler (January 30, 1899 – August 11, 1972) was an South African-American virologist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1951 for developing a vaccine against yellow fever. He was born on January 30, 1899 in Pretoria, South African Republic and died on August 11, 1972 in New Haven, Connecticut.

Jack Szostak

Jack William Szostak (London, November 9, 1952) is an Anglo-American biologist who was raised in Canada. Szostak is Professor of Genetics at Harvard Medical School. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2009 for the discovery of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres. His co-winners were Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol Greider. Szostak is also credited with the construction of the world's first yeast artificial chromosome.

His lab has moved on to working on RNA. "By the year 2000, I started to pay more attention to fundamental questions related to the origin of life" (RNA world hypothesis). "Here the big question is whether RNA was in fact the first genetic polymer, or whether RNA was preceded by some simpler, easier to make or more robust genetic material". Recent work suggests that the RNA hypothessis is still alive.

Hoopoe

The hoopoe ("Upupa epops"), is a colourful bird that is found across Afro-Eurasia, notable for its distinctive 'crown' of feathers.

It is the only living species in the family Upupidae. One insular species, the giant hoopoe of Saint Helena, is recently extinct, and the Madagascar subspecies of the hoopoe is sometimes elevated to a full species. The English name is derived from Latin "upupa", which imitates the ""hoop-oop-oop"" call of the bird.

The hoopoe is classified in the Coraciiformes clade, a group that also includes kingfishers, bee-eaters, rollers, and woodhoopoes (forming a clade with this one according to Hackett "et al." (2008)). A close relationship between the hoopoe and the woodhoopoes is also supported by the shared and unique nature of their stapes.
Nine subspecies of hoopoe are recognised by the Kristin 2001 (in the "Handbook of the Birds of the World"). These subspecies vary mostly in size and the depth of colour in the plumage. Two more subspecies have been proposed, "U. e. minor" in South Africa and "U. e. orientalis" in north western India.

Harald zur Hausen

Harald zur Hausen (11 March 1936 – 28 May 2023) was a German virologist and professor. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2008 for his discoveries on the role of papilloma viruses which he shared with Luc Montagnier and Françoise Barré-Sinoussi.

He was born in Gelsenkirchen. Zur Hausen died on 28 May 2023 in Heidelberg, Germany, at the age of 87.

José Bautista

José Antonio Bautista (born October 19, 1980 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican Major League Baseball player. He has played for the Baltimore Orioles in 2004, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in 2004, Kansas City Royals in 2004, the Pittsburgh Pirates from 2004 to 2008 and the Toronto Blue Jays since 2008. Bautista plays as both an outfielder and third baseman. Most often, he plays right field. He is also one of 26 players in the 50 home run club. In both the 2010 and 2011 seasons, he hit more home runs than any other player. He hit 54 home runs in 2010 and 43 home runs in 2011.


Reproductive isolation

Reproductive isolation refers to the situation where different species may live in the same area, but properties of individuals prevent them from interbreeding. 

The things which stop species or groups of organisms reproducing sexually are called isolating mechanisms.
Members of one species do not, in general, mate with members of another species, though there are many exceptions and variations to this. And, if such mating does take place, the offspring may not develop, or may not be fertile. 

If species arise by the splitting of ancestral species, it might be asked what stops the new species continuing to reproduce together. If they did, they would again become one species.

A list as drawn up of isolating mechanisms: 

Factors which cause individuals to mate with their own species. 

Incompatibility of the two genomes stops normal development in the hybrid.

There is still much debate as to whether the Dobzhansky/Mayr account is satisfactory. Modern researchers tends to avoid the general term 'isolating mechanisms' in favour of the more specific terms 'mate choice', 'hybrid incompatibility' and other forms of 'reproductive isolation'.

Lancia Lybra

The Lancia Lybra is a car produced by Lancia. It replaced the Lancia Dedra in 1999 and was discontinued in 2005. It was replaced by the new Delta in 2008.


Alcides Escobar

Alicedes Escobar (born December 16, 1986 in La Sabana, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan baseball player. He currently plays as an infielder for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Escobar formerly played for the Milwaukee Brewers from 2008-2010 before being traded along with Lorenzo Cain, Jeremy Jeffress, Jake Odorizzi for Zack Greinke and Yuniesky Betancourt.


Kosuke Fukudome

In the US, Fukudome is currently part of the New York Yankees team. He has played for the Chicago Cubs, the Cleveland Indians and Chicago White Sox.

In Japan, Fukudome formerly played for the Chunichi Dragons of the Central League from 1998 to 2007.

Fukudome was a member of the Japanese national baseball team which won a silver medal in the 1996 Summer Olympics, a bronze medal in the 2004 Summer Olympics.


Wyandotte Constitution

The Wyandotte Constitution is the constitution of the U.S state of Kansas. The constitution said that Kansas would be a state without slavery. However, the constitution did not give black people, women or Native Americans the right to vote. The Wyandotte Constitution was passed by a vote of 10,421 to 5,530 on October 4, 1859.

Ann Jillian

Ann Jillian (born January 29, 1950) is an American actress. She has been acting since the age of 10. She has starred in many situation comedies, television series and movies.

Místico

Luis Ignacio Urive Alvirde (born December 22, 1982) is a Mexican Luchador enmascarado, a masked Professional wrestler. He currently works for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) where he competes under the ring name Místico. He was the biggest técnico (face) and the biggest box office draw in all of Mexico.

Urive also worked for the WWE where he competed under the ring name Sin Cara (Spanish for "Without Face" or "Faceless"). During his time in the WWE, Urive had a hard time getting used to the WWE style of wrestling and would get injured a lot. He was released from his WWE contract on March 27, 2014 (after which, his ring name was given to his storyline rival Hunico). After his release, he continued to use the Sin Cara name in Mexican independent promotions before adopting the ring name Myzteziz after signing with Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA) in February 2014. In 2015 he returned to CMLL under the name Carístico. He uses the name and mask of Místico again since August 2021.

In 2007, Pro Wrestling Illustrated ranked Místico #3 of the PWI 500.



Era (musical project)

Era (stylized as eRa) is a French New Age music project. The project was started by French composer Eric Lévi and has 12 members including himself. The project has sold over 12 million albums. The lyrics for their songs are written in Pseudo-Latin and English. They play in the Ambient, Chillout and New Age genres. Their song "Enae Volare Mezzo" was the theme song of mixed martial artist, Fedor Emelianenko as well as his brother Aleksander Emelianenko. Their song "Ameno" was also used as the entrance theme song by the Mexican wrestler Mistico.


Sandwich Islands

The Sandwich Islands is Captain James Cook's name for the Hawaiian Islands in 1778. He chose the name of his patron, the 4th Earl of Sandwich.

The name Hawaii is the Polynesian name of the islands. The first known inhabitants of Hawaii were from Polynesia in the first 1,000 years AD.

Jessica Tandy

Jessica Tandy (June 7, 1909 – September 11, 1994) was an English-American actress. She was born in Hackney, London. She starred in many movies during her career, including "Cocoon" (1985), "Driving Miss Daisy" (1989), and "Fried Green Tomatoes" (1991). She won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in "Driving Miss Daisy".

Tandy died of ovarian cancer in Easton, Connecticut.

Thank Me Later

Thank Me Later is the first studio album by Canadian rapper and singer Drake. "Thank Me Later" was released on June 15, 2010. The album appeared at number 1 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 447,000 copies in the United States in its first week. It received mostly positive reviews from music critics.

Council of Ministers of the Soviet Union

The Council of Ministers of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) (), (sometimes shortened to "Sovmin" or "Soviet of Ministers") was legally the Soviet government. It was the highest executive and administrative body of the Soviet Union. 

The council could issue declarations and instructions based the laws of the USSR, and all territories and republics within the Union had to follow them. However, the most important state issues were made bye joint declarations with the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU), which was "de facto" more powerful than the Council of Ministers.

It was replaced in 1991 by the Cabinet of Ministers of the USSR, which was dissolved only months later when the Soviet Union ceased to exist.

Stockard Channing

Stockard Channing (born Susan Williams Antonia Stockard; February 13, 1944) is an American actress. She played Betty in "Grease" and First Lady Abbey Bartlet in the show "The West Wing" on NBC. She has also starred in many movies during her acting career. Channing was born February 13, 1944.

Channing won multiple Emmy Awards, a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award.

Volans

The constellation Volans is a group of stars in the southern sky. It is in the shape of a flying fish. The name Volans is a shortened from of its original, Piscis Volans. Volans was one of twelve constellations created by Petrus Plancius. He made these constellations from observations by Pieter Dirkszoon Keyser and Frederick de Houtman. Volans first appeared on a 35-cm diameter celestial globe published in 1597 (or 1598) in Amsterdam by Plancius with Jodocus Hondius. The first image of this constellation in a celestial atlas was in Johann Bayer's "Uranometria" of 1603.

There are two double stars in the constellation which can be observed using a small telescope, Gamma Volantis and Epsilon Volantis. There are also two galaxies that may be more difficult to see clearly, NGC 2442 and NGC 2434. The magnitudes of the Gamma Volantis stars are fourth and sixth, and of Epsilon Volantis fourth and eighth.


Volans (disambiguation)

The word volans could mean:


Georgy Malenkov

Georgy Maximilianovich Malenkov ( trans : Georgiy Maksimilianovich Malenkov) (8 January 1902 – 14 January 1988) was a Russian politician in the Soviet Union and the Premier of the Soviet Union after the death of Joseph Stalin in March from 1953 to 1955. Makenkov joined the Communist Party in 1920. Malenkov served as the Premier (official head of government) of the country while Nikita Krushchev was the First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. He was all so involved in World War II when Nazi Germany lead by Adolf Hitler betrayed the Soviet Union in the Nazi Invasion of Russia. Malenkov was also involved in the Korean War just 5 years after World War II when Hitler and Mussolini both died in April 1945 and after Hirohito surrendered Japan in August 1945.

He formed a team with Nikolai Bulganin, Vyacheslav Molotov, and Lazar Kaganovich, and together they tried to throw Khrushchev out of power. Krushchev eventually won the battle for power, and in 1957 Malenkov was forced to leave his position in the Party Politburo. In 1961, he was kicked out of the Party and forced to move to Kazakhstan.

Along with Krushchev, Malenkov was one of a few important members of Stalin's group of partners (called the "inner circle") who died a natural death, and was not executed.

Together with Lavrentiy Beria and Krushchev, Malenkov began the process of destalinization, completing the process from 1953-1961.

On 23 December 1953, just months after Joseph Stalin died on 5 March 1953, Malenkov along with Nikita Khrushchev and Georgy Zhukov and other soviet officials executed Lavrentiy Beria in late 1953 who was the NKVD chief from 1938-1946 and the MVD from 1946-1953. In February 1955, Georgy Malenkov was replaced by Nikita Khrushchev.

Malenkov died in 1988, 33 years after being replaced by Khrushchev in 1955 and 3 years after Mikhail Gorbachev came to power in 1985. 

Lavrenty Beria

Lavrenty Pavlovich Beria (, Russian: Лаврентий Павлович Берия) 9 March 1899: Merkheuli, Russian Empire (Georgia or Abkhazia) 23 December 1953: Moscow, RSFSR Soviet Union). He was a Georgian-Bolshevik, Soviet politician.

Beria was born to a poor family in Georgia he joined the Bolshevik Party led by Vladimir Ilyich Lenin in 1917 at age 18. 

Beria was leader of the secret police of the Soviet Union under Joseph Stalin's regime from 1938-1945 (head of the NKVD) 1946-1953 (Head of the MVD). In 1953, Nikita Krushchev plotted to have Beria executed.

Lavrenty Beria joined the Soviet Communist Party in 1917 during the Russian Revolution and the Russian Civil War. In 1938 He and Nikolai Yezhov executed NKVD Chief Genrikh Yagoda and Leninist Alexei Rykov during the Great Purge from 1936-1938. Genrikh Yagoda was executed with Alexei Rykov in 1938. In 1940 during World War 2 Joseph Stalin and Lavrenty Beria executed Nikolai Yezhov. 

After Vladimir Lenin died in 1924 at age 53 Joseph Stalin replaced Lenin after his death and Lavrenty Beria joined the NKVD led by Genrikh Yagoda (1891–1938) from 1934–1936 and Nikolai Yezhov from 1936–1938 which both replaced Felix Dzerzhinsky (1877–1926) and Vyacheslav Menzhinsky (1874–1934) in 1926 and in 1934. On 1 December 1934 the NKVD killed Sergei Kirov and it led to the Great Purge in 1936–1938. But in 1939 during the start of World War 2 the NKVD was involved in the Invasion of Poland (1939). 

Beria was a Soviet politician, Marshal of the Soviet Union and state security administrator, chief of the Soviet security and secret police apparatus (NKVD) under Joseph Stalin during World War II, against the Nazis from 1941-1945 and First Deputy Premier in the post-war years (1946–53). On June 25 1950 just nearly five years after the Soviet-Japanese War (1945) ended in World War II in Asia, and after Korea was liberated from Japan, North Korea (lead by Kim Il-Sung) invaded South Korea (lead by Syngman Rhee) on June 25 1950 and started the Korean War. Stalin and his Eastern Bloc (East Germany,Czechoslovakia,Poland,Hungary,Romania and Bulgaria) along with Mongolia led by Khroloogiin Choibalsan, and China led by Mao Zedong all helped Kim Il-Sung. however Stalin died on March 5th 1953 at the age of 74 died of a stroke. Lavrentiy Beria with Vyacheslav Molotov, Georgy Malenkov, tried to replace Stalin. Beria was arrested on June 26 and was executed on December 23 1953 at the age of 54 and numerous allegations arose of Beria being a serial killer for murdering men, women and children.

He administered vast sections of the Soviet state. He served as de facto Marshal of the Soviet Union in command of the NKVD field units responsible for anti-partisan operations on the Eastern Front during World War II. His troops also were a barrier against thousands of "turncoats, deserters, cowards and suspected malingerers". Beria administered the vast expansion of the Gulag labor camps. He was responsible for overseeing the secret defense institutions known as "sharashkas", critical to the war effort. 

Beria also played the decisive role in coordinating the Soviet partisans, who developed an impressive intelligence and sabotage network behind German lines. He attended the Yalta Conference with Stalin, who introduced him to U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt as "our Himmler". After the war, he organized the communist takeover of the countries of Central Europe and Eastern Europe. 

Beria's uncompromising ruthlessness in his duties and skill at producing results led to his overseeing the Soviet atomic bomb project. Stalin gave it absolute priority and the project was completed in under five years. To achieve this, Beria's NKVD organised Soviet espionage against the West.

Beria was promoted to First Deputy Premier, where he carried out a brief campaign of liberalization. He was briefly a part of the ruling "troika" with Georgy Malenkov and Vyacheslav Molotov. Beria's overconfidence in his position after Stalin's death led him to misjudge other Politburo members. 

There was a coup d'état led by Nikita Khrushchev with the military forces of Marshal Georgy Zhukov. Beria was arrested on charges of treason during a meeting in which the full Politburo condemned him. This was all planned by Krushchov. The NKVD was powerless because Zhukov's troops were there. After interrogation, Beria was taken to the basement of the Lubyanka and shot, as were six of his associates.

Secret police

A secret police force is an agency most often used in dictatorships. It is used to scare people living under a dictatorship into agreeing with the dictator's policies. Not all dictatorships, however, use a secret police force. Fidel Castro's Cuba and Mao Zedong's China were able to maintain a dictatorship without using secret police.

National Fascist Party

The National Fascist Party was the ruling party of the Kingdom of Italy from 1922 to 1943. It was a far-right party and followed the ideology of fascism.

Benito Mussolini founded the party in 1919 and served as its chairman (Italian:"Presidente del Partito Nazionale Fascista") from 1919 to 1943. The party came to power after Mussolini led thousands of Blackshirts on a march in Rome and forced King Victor Emmanuel III to appoint him as Prime Minister. Mussolini then banned all other political parties and established a one-party police state, which lasted until he was thrown out of power by his own citizens and ordered to be arrested by the King in 1943. After Mussolini's arrest, the National Fascist Party was destroyed.

However, Mussolini was rescued from prison by German soldiers sent by Adolf Hitler in 1943, and was made the head of state (this time a member of the newly created Republican Fascist Party) of the Italian Social Republic, a puppet state whose real laws were made by the Nazis.

Mussolini was killed by Italian citizens in 1945 and the Republican Fascist Party was dissolved and banned after World War 2 ended in 1945 .

Debbie Reynolds

Mary Frances Reynolds, better known as Debbie Reynolds (April 1, 1932 – December 28, 2016), was an American actress and singer. Reynolds was born in El Paso, Texas. She starred in many television programs and movies. She also had many songs and albums during her career. 

On December 28, 2016, Reynolds died at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California from a cerebral hemorrhage with hypertension being a factor, aged 84. This was one day after her daughter Carrie Fisher died.

Gerald Wallace

Gerald Jermaine Wallace (born July 23, 1982) is an American professional basketball player for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He plays the position of small forward. He has been nicknamed "Crash" for his aggressive style of play, and is known as one of the better defensive players in the league.

Wallace played high school basketball at Childersburg High School in Childersburg, Alabama. He then played college basketball for one year at the University of Alabama, then entered the 2001 NBA Draft.

The Sacramento Kings chose Wallace with the 25th pick of the 2001 NBA Draft. Wallace was on the Kings for three seasons, but did not play much. His chance came in 2004. The Charlotte Bobcats were a new NBA team, and had a chance to choose players from other teams in an "expansion draft". The Bobcats chose Wallace, who became an important part of the team over the next six years. In 2010, he was chosen to represent the Bobcats in the NBA All-Star Game, which made him the first Bobcats player to play in the All-Star Game. He also made the NBA All-Defensive First Team for that season.

On February 24, 2011, Wallace was traded to the Portland Trail Blazers.

Thelma &amp; Louise

Thelma & Louise is a 1991 American adventure crime road movie starring Geena Davis as Thelma and Susan Sarandon as Louise. Also starring in the movie are Michael Madsen, Harvey Keitel and Brad Pitt. It was among the highest-grossing movies of 1991.

Faye Dunaway

Dorothy Faye Dunaway (born January 14, 1941 in Bascom, Florida) is an American actress. She has starred in "Bonnie and Clyde", "Chinatown", "The Thomas Crown Affair" and "Mommie Dearest". She won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in "Network". Duanaway is a convert to Roman Catholicism.

Old Melbourne Gaol

The Old Melbourne Gaol is a large, historic prison in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The bluestone building was the first large prison built in Victoria. It was the location of many executions, including Ned Kelly who was hanged at the prison in 1880. It closed in 1929 and is now a museum.

Melbourne was first settled in 1835 and its first small gaol was built in 1839. A second gaol was built in 1841 next to the Supreme Court buildings. In 1852 work started on a new gaol based on the Pentonville Model Prison design. This had its own outside wall of solid bluestone. A second stage started in 1857, and the wall was extended in 1859. In 1860 the north wing, chapel, central hall and entrance was built. A western wing for female prisoners was started in 1862, and the outside wall was finished in 1864. There were also 17 jailer's houses, a chief warden's house and a hospital. It was built on a high point at the edge of the city. However a report in 1870 said the gaol should be closed and the prisoners moved to a more suitable location. The prison finally closed in 1929.

During World War II, the gaol was used as a military prison for Australian soldiers. After the war it became a storage building for the Victoria Police. Some of the buildings were pulled down to allow for the building of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, now Victoria University. In 1972 the buildings were taken over by the National Trust as a museum.

Leukodystrophy

Leukodystrophies are disorders which affect the white matter of the brain and the nervous system. Nerves are surrounded by fatty cover of a substance called myelin. In a leukodystrophy, there are problems with the growth or the development of this cover. This affects the function of the respective nerve. Myelin is made of at least ten different chemicals. Leukodystrophy is a gene defect. As a result of this defect, one of the molecules that make up myelin cannot be synthesized as it should. 

Indian Rebellion of 1857

The Indian Rebellion of 1857, also called the Great Indian Event of 1857, the Indian Mutiny, the Sepoy Mutiny, India's First War of Independence, or India's First Struggle for Independence, began on 10 May 1857 at Meerut as a mutiny of sepoy of the British East India Company's army. Sepoy in the Presidency of Bengal revolted against their British officers.

The causes of the rebellion are hard to pin down and have been much argued about. Before the rebellion, 50,000 British troops and 300,000 sepoy served in the East India Company army. 
The forces were divided into three presidency armies: Bombay, Madras, and Bengal. Those armies had a make-up that varied from region to region.

The Bengal Army recruited higher castes such as Rajputs and Bhumihar brahmins and reduced the enlistment of lower castes in 1855. In contrast, the Madras Army and the Bombay Army were “more localized, caste-neutral armies” that “did not prefer high-caste men”. The domination of higher castes in the Bengal Army has been blamed in part for the initial mutinies that led to the rebellion.

There were some changes in the terms of their service, which may have created resentment. As the East India Company expanded, soldiers were now expected to serve in less familiar regions, such as in Burma, and to make do without the “foreign service” remuneration that they used to have. Another financial grievance stemmed from the General Service Act, which denied retired sepoy a pension. That applied only to recruits, but older sepoy suspected that it might apply to those already in service. Moreover, the Bengal Army was paid less than the Madras and Bombay Armies, which increased its members' fears over pensions.

The immediate event that angered the sepoy was the ammunition for the new Enfield rifles, which they had to use. The cartridges that were used in the new rifles had to be bitten open. The Muslims were angry because they thought that the paper cartridges had pig fat in them. Hindu soldiers were angry because they believed the cartridges had cow fat in them. On January 27, Colonel Richard Birch ordered that no cartridges should have grease on them and that sepoy could grease them with whatever they wanted.

During the 1850s, the British rulers continued to take some regions forcibly that had been ruled by Indians. For example, the British, under the decision of Governor-General Lord Dalhousie, seized in 1856 the kingdom of Agra and Oudh, which is now part of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. That went against Indian customs and did not give any respect to old royal houses of India like the Mughals, the nominal Indian emperors, and the Peshwas, the most powerful Maratha rulers.

The rebellion broke out after a soldier, called Mangal Pandey, attacked a British sergeant and wounded an adjutant while his regiment was in Barrackpore. General Hearsey ordered another Indian soldier to arrest Mangal Pandey, but the soldier refused. Later, the British arrested Mangal Pandey and the other Indian soldier and hanged both of them for treachery. All other soldiers of that regiment lost their places in the army. On May 10, 1857, cavalry troops doing parade at Meerut broke rank, freed the soldiers of the 3rd Regiment and moved towards Delhi. Soon, many Indians of northern India joined the soldiers; entered the Delhi Fort, where Mughal Emperor Bahadur Shah II lived; and made him unwillingly become the leader of the rebellion.

Very soon, the revolt spread throughout northern India. Important Indian leaders of royal families joined the rebellion and started fighting the British in several places. Its leaders included Ahmed Ullah, an advisor of the ex-King of Oudh; Nana Saheb, his nephew Rao Saheb, and his retainers, Tantia Tope and Rani Lakshmibai; the Rani of Jhansi; Kunwar Singh; the Rajput chief of Jagadishpur in Bihar; and Firuz Saha, a relative of the Mughal Emperor, Bahadur Shah.

At first, the British were slow to respond, but they later took rapid action with heavy forces and brought their regiments from the Crimean War to India. They also redirected many of the regiments that were going to China to India. The British forces reached Delhi and surrounded the city from July 1 to August 31, 1857. Eventually, street-to-street fighting broke out between the British troops and the Indians. Ultimately, the British took control of Delhi. The massacre at Kanpur (July 1857) and the Siege of Lucknow (June to November 1857) were also critical.

The last decisive battle was at Gwalior (now in Madhya Pradesh) in June 1858 in which the Rani of Jhansi was killed. A few days later, the British retook the fortress of Gwalior. They had now practically suppressed the rebellion, but some guerrilla fighting in many places continued until early 1859. Tantia Tope was captured and executed in April 1859.

The rebellion was an event of great importance in the front of history of modern India. The British Parliament withdrew the right of the British East India Company to rule India in November 1858. The British started ruling India directly through its representative, Governor General, also called the Viceroy, and formally made India part of the British Empire. The British promised “the Princes, Chiefs, and People of India” equal treatment under British law. In 1877, Queen Victoria took the title of Empress of India and the Viceroy of India ruled India for her. 

The British sent Bahadur Shah II, the last Mughal Emperor, out of India and kept him in Rangoon (now called Yangon), in Burma (now called Myanmar), where he died in 1862. The Mughal dynasty, which had ruled India for about 400 years, ended with his death.
The British also took many steps to employ members of Indian higher castes and rulers in the government and started to employ Indians in the civil services but only at the lower levels. The British stopped both taking the lands of the remaining princes and rulers of India and interfering in religious matters. They increased the number of British soldiers and banned others from handling artillery.
In Britain, newspapers focused on the violence of the mutiny. Charles Dickens wrote that the British should take revenge in his 1857 novella "The Perils of Certain English Prisoners".






William Quantrill

William Clarke Quantrill (July 31, 1837 – June 6, 1865), was a Confederate leader during the American Civil War. Quantrill lead a Confederate unit along the Missouri-Kansas border in the early 1860s. Quantrill was a leader in the Lawrence Massacre in Lawrence, Kansas in 1863. Quantrill was killed in Kentucky in a Union ambush in 1865.

Jochen Hecht

Jochen Hecht (born June 21, 1977 in Mannheim, West Germany) is a retired ice hockey centre that played a combined 13 seasons in the NHL.

He was picked by the St. Louis Blues with the 49th overall pick in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft. Hecht played 2 seasons with the St. Louis Blues, 1 season with the Edmonton Oilers and 10 seasons with the Buffalo Sabres. He also played 5 seasons in the DEL with Adler Mannheim. 

On April 26, 2013, he announced that he was retiring from professional ice hockey to reporters in the locker room after the Sabres final regular season game against the New York Islanders.


Giffen good

In economics, a Giffen good is one that people consume more of when its price increases. This violates the . This paradox is named after , who first described it. Giffen observed that households that only had a minimum wage to survive, bought more bread when the bread price increased. This can be explained as follows: These households have to split their income between cheap (and inferior) good, e.g. "bread", and an expensive good, e.g. meat. When the price of this inferior good increases by a certain amount, they can no longer afford to buy the more expensive good. For this reason, they spend more of their income on bread in order to be able to survive. 

Alfred Marshall wrote in ":" 

Lima, Ohio

Lima is a city in Allen County, Ohio, United States. The population of Lima was 35,579 in 2020. Lima was founded in 1831 as a county seat which was mandated by the Ohio legislature. It got its name from Patrick G. Goode, who was a judge. He insisted on the Spanish pronunciation "Lee-mah" after the capital city of Peru, but the pronunciation — "Lye-mah" — won.

Professional wrestler Al Snow was born in Lima. Actor and movie critic Donald Richie was also born there.


Growing Pains

Growing Pains is an American situation comedy that aired beginning in 1985 and ended in 1992. The show focused on an upper middle class family who had three children together. Joanna Kerns played Maggie Seaver and Tracey Gold played Carol Seaver.

Degrassi: The Next Generation

Degrassi: The Next Generation is a Canadian teen drama created by Yan Moore and Linda Schuyler. It was shown on CTV, MuchMusic and MTV Canada. The series has had fourteen seasons and had made 385 episodes.

The TV series spawned two movies: "Degrassi Goes Hollywood" in 2009 and "Degrassi Takes Manhattan" in 2010.

TV.com rated the series a 8.8.

In June 2014, it was announced that Degrassi would end. The last episode will air on July 31, 2015. Degrassi will be replaced by Degrassi: Next Class. The show will air on Netflix instead of TeenNick.


Second City Television

Second City Television is a Canadian sketch comedy television series that first aired on September 21, 1976 and last aired on July 17, 1984. The series had 6 seasons and made 135 episodes. One of SCTV's most popular sketches was the Bob & Doug McKenzie sketches which featured Bob who was played by Rick Moranis and Doug is played by Dave Thomas. The sketch was so popular that it was given its own animated show in 2009 and was featured on the 2002 episode, "The Bart Wants What It Wants" of The Simpsons when they visit Toronto.

In Canada, reruns are shown on The Comedy Network.


One-party state

An one-party system is a form of government where the country is ruled by a single political party, meaning only one political party exists and the forming of other political parties is forbidden.
Some countries have many political parties that exist, but only one that can by law be in control. This is called a one-party dominant state. In this case opposition parties against the dominant ruling party are allowed, but have no real chance of gaining power. For example, in China all power is vested in the Communist Party of China. Other parties are allowed to exist only if they accept the leading role of the Communist Party

The Soviet Union from 1922–1991, Nazi Germany from 1933–1945, Italy under Benito Mussolini from 1922–1943, and various Eastern Bloc states are some of the best-known examples of one-party states in history. Some one-party states are considered dictatorships and called a police state or a military dictatorship, if a secret police force or the military is used to keep a dictator in power through force.

The one-party system is also a common trait of communist Marxist-Leninist and fascist political philosophies.

As of October 1, 2020, there are 9 states that are ruled by a single party:



Those are states whose were formerly ruled by single parties:


Countries where other parties are legal, but none exists at present. Also, in some kingdoms a royal family actually rules the country with or without political parties. Kingdoms and Emirates in the Middle East are examples.

Examples commonly cited include: United Russia (CP) in Russia, the New Azerbaijan Party in Azerbaijan, the Justice and Development Party (AKP) in Turkey, Serbian Progressive Party (SNS) in Serbia, Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro (DPS) in Montenegro, the People's Action Party (PAP) in Singapore, the African National Congress (ANC) in South Africa, the Ba'ath Party in the Syrian Arab Republic, Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea in Equatorial Guinea, Awami League in Bangladesh, the Belaya Rus in Belarus, PSUV in Venezuela, MPLA in Angola, the FRELIMO in Mozambique, the Colorado Party in Paraguay, the ZANU-PF in Zimbabwe, and the in Japan.

In some countries which have this system, methods are used to suppress other parties, without actually banning them. In some cases state power is used directly and indirectly to prevent smaller parties getting more votes. This can include electoral fraud, gerrymandering or court decisions (which are controlled by the government). In many cases, opposition leaders and other figures are prevented from using the mass media at election time, and also they often are threatened, harassed, jailed and even killed. In other cases, apart from the government candidates, only candidates from smaller allied parties and "independent" candidates who are closely allied to the dominant ruling party, get an overwhelming advantage.

In these cases, the defeat of the government "cannot be expected for the forseeable future".

Tracey Gold

Tracey Claire Fisher, better known as Tracey Gold (born May 16, 1969) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Carol Seaver in the sitcom "Growing Pains" from 1985 until 1992. She also acted in other television programs. Tracey Gold was born in New York City.

Skor

Skor is a chocolate bar made by The Hershey Company. It is a bar covered with milk chocolate and has butter toffee in the center of it. Skor was first launched in 1981 in the United States and 1983 in Canada under the name, "Rutnam". One skor bar has 200 calories.


Heterozygote advantage

Heterozygote advantage is the situation where, at a gene locus, the heterozygote has greater fitness than either homozygote. It is a type of balancing selection.

Hb = gene for normal haemoglobin molecules; Hb = mutant gene. Three genotypes are possible in a population: HbHb producing a normal phenotype; HbHb the heterozygote; and HbHb homozygous for sickle cell anaemia.

The fitness of these three genotypes varies according to the environment. In the temperate zone, the normal homozygotes and the heterozygotes will leave most offspring. This is because the homozygote for sickle cell has less chance of surviving to leave children, and if they do survive, they will have many health problems.

In a tropical climate, such as equatorial Africa, malaria is a big killer. There, the heterozygote has the advantage in fitness. They do not get malaria so badly, and they do not suffer the earlier deaths of the homozygote sickle cell sufferers.

Not surprisingly, the Hb gene is present in about a quarter of Africans from the countries near the equator. In Europeans it is a rare gene. 

Heterozygote advantage is probably the main cause of polymorphism in biological species. Polymorphism, alternate genetic types in a population (for example different blood groups), is extremely common. The fitness of the heterozygotes keeps a wide range of alternate gene alleles in a population. This, in turn, gives the population a wide range of genetic 'resources' and this gives a better chance of survival.


Circuito de Jerez

Circuito de Jerez is a Spanish race track near Jerez de la Frontiera. It opened on December 8, 1985, and started holding motorcycling events and the Spanish Grand Prix in Formula One. The race was held in Jerez until 1990, since the circuit was in a remote (rural) area, and the Spanish Grand Prix was moved to Circuit de Catalunya in 1991.

However, in 1994, when the Autódromo Juan y Oscar Gálvez was not finished for it's grand prix, known as the Argentine Grand Prix, Jerez hosted the European Grand Prix that year. As well, a chicane was added in Turn 11 to slow down the cars and to avoid possibly fatal (deadly) accidents, such as the one suffered by Roland Ratzenberger at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix. The European Grand Prix returned in 1997, this time being the final race of the season, and the championship was going to be decided between Michael Schumacher and Jacques Villeneuve. However, during the podium celebrations, Jerez's Mayor Pedro Pacheco disrupted the podium celebrations by presenting a trophy that was supposed to be presented by a dignitary from Daimler-Benz, which was related to Mercedes, an engine supplier who won the race. This incident resulted on the track being temporarily banned from hosting a Grand Prix. It has never hosted another Grand Prix, but still holds winter testing during the pre-season, and still remains very popular.

As of 2010, the circuit still holds the Spanish Motorcycle Grand Prix, and has done so since 1990.

Bhangra

Bhangra started in the Punjab region, now divided between India and Pakistan, and began as a folk dance which was conducted by Punjabi farmers of all creeds, Sikhs, Muslims and Hindus, to celebrate the coming of the harvest season. 

Bhangra became popular in Britain in the 1980s and the artists of Bhangra were selling over 30,000 cassettes a week in the UK even though not one of the artists made their way into the Top 40 UK Chart. Bhangra is also popular in Canada where singer, Jazzy B sold over 55,000 copies of his third album, Folk and Funky and became one of the best-selling Punjabi folk artists in the world. 

The outfits for Bhangra are Turla or torla, "Pag", which is a turban that is a sign of pride/honor in Punjab and is tied differently than the traditional turbans that the Sikhs and other people wear on the street, "Kurta" which is a silk shirt, with about four buttons and is very loose with embroidered patterns, "Lungi" or chadar which is a loose loincloth tied around the dancer's waist, "Jugi" which is a waistcoat with no buttons, and "Rumāl" which are small scarves that are worn tied on to the fingers. 


Kia Sorento

The Kia Sorento is a mid-size crossover SUV that is built by the Kia Motors company. The Sorento has had 2 generations during its time. The assembly for the Nissan Cube is in South Korea, United States and Kazakhstan. The current generation Sorento shares the same platform with the Hyundai Santa Fe.


Paul di Resta

Paul di Resta (born April 16, 1986 in Livingston West Lothian) is a Scottish auto racing driver. He is the current DTM champion. He make his Formula One debut in the Australian Grand Prix with the Force India, finishing in the points with a 10th place finish.

Di Resta started his career in karting. He raced in several series of karts from 1994 until 2002. In 2001 he won the British JICA Championship.

Di Resta moved up to single-seaters at the end of 2002. he competed in the British Formula Renault Winter Series. He raced full-time in 2003 with the Eurotek Motorsport team. Di Resta finished seventh in the standings with one race win. He switched to Manor Motorsport for 2004, and finished third in the championship with four wins. Di Resta also entered some races of Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 with the Manor team. He also won the prestigious McLaren Autosport BRDC Young Driver of The Year Award in 2004. The award had been won by his cousin Dario Franchitti in 1992.

Di Resta moved to the Formula Three Euroseries with Manor Motorsport in 2005, and finished tenth in the standings. For 2006 he moved to the ASM Formule 3 team. He won the championship with five wins. He beat his team mate, future Formula One World Drivers Champion, Sebastian Vettel. Di Resta also won the 2006 BP Ultimate Masters at Circuit Park Zandvoort.

In 2007, di Resta switched from single-seaters to race in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters (DTM) touring car racing series for Mercedes. He finished fifth in the championship. Di Resta was the highest driver in the standings to drive a non-2007 car. His performance earned him a 2008 Mercedes C-Class for the 2008 season. Di Resta finished second in the 2008 championship, winning two races. In 2009, he finished third overall. In 2010, he won three races in a row on the way to winning the DTM championship.

Di Resta has tested for the McLaren Formula One team in 2009. In December 2009, di Resta took part in a test with the Force India at the Jerez circuit. On February 2, Force India announced they signed di Resta at their reserve driver. 

On 26 January 2011 it was confirmed that di Resta will join Adrian Sutil at the Force India team for the season. He will replace Vitantonio Liuzzi, and Nico Hülkenberg will replace di Resta as the reserve driver.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.

Di Resta, who grew up in Uphall West Lothian. He is the cousin of fellow racing drivers Dario Franchitti and Marino Franchitti. In February 2010, di Resta was made a director of his family's leisure firm, which owns several establishments in West Lothian.


Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin

Chippewa Falls is a city in west central Wisconsin near Eau Claire, Wisconsin.

Ausonius

Decimius Magnus Ausonius (ca. 310–395) was a Latin poet and rhetorician, born at Burdigala (Bordeaux).

Ausonius was born in Bordeaux in ca. 310. His father was a noted physician of Greek ancestry.

Ausonius had a strict upbringing by his aunt and grandmother and received an excellent education, especially in grammar and rhetoric, but said his Greek was not good. Having completed his studies, he trained for some time as a lawyer, but he preferred teaching. In 334, he established a school of rhetoric in Bordeaux, which was very popular. His most famous pupil was St. Paulinus of Nola, who later became Bishop of Nola.

After thirty years of this work, he was ordered by Valentinian to the imperial court to teach Gratian, the heir-apparent. The prince greatly respected his tutor, and after his accession bestowed on him the highest titles and honours that any Roman (besides from the royal family) could attain, culminating in the consulate in 379.

After the murder of Gratian in 383, Ausonius retired to his estates near Burdigala (now Bordeaux) in Gaul. These supposedly included the land now owned by Château Ausone, which takes its name from him. He appears to have been a late and perhaps not very enthusiastic convert to Christianity. He died about 395.


Triumvirate

A triumvirate is a group of three men. A duumvirate is a group of two.

The word is often used to mention a historical event or in talks of government. The word troika is Russian for triumvirate, and the term was used in the Soviet Union after V.I. Lenin died. Joseph Stalin, Lev Kamenev, and Grigory Zinoviev teamed up to gain power of the government. In the Soviet Union, troikas were usually considered to be three main people in the government: Party leader, head of state, and head of government.

In Ancient Rome, Julius Caesar was a member of the first triumvirate with Pompey and Crassus. In 43 B.C.E. after he was dead, Marc Antony, Marcus Lepidus, and Octavian formed a second triumvirate to rule the Roman Empire.

Party leader

In politics, the party leader is the most powerful official within a political party. The party leader is typically responsible for managing the party's relationship with the general public. As such, he or she b.v.will be the person in the party the most responsible for convincing the electorate to vote for the party.

In many representative democracies, party leaders compete directly for high political office. For example, leaders of parties in presidential and semi-presidential republics will often run for President. In parliamentary systems of government, party leaders typically seek to become prime minister. In these countries, the party leader will try to be elected to the legislature, and, if elected, to simultaneously serve as the party's parliamentary leader.

Antlia

The constellation Antlia is a group of stars in the southern sky. Its name means "pump" and comes from the Ancient Greek word "ἀντλία". It represents an air or vacuum pump. The stars that make Antlia are not bright or easy to see. The constellation was not created until the 18th century. Beginning at the north, the other constellations near Antlia are Hydra the sea snake, Pyxis the compass, Vela the sails, and Centaurus the centaur.

People who live in the northern parts of the world can see it in latitudes to 66 degrees north and people who live in the southern parts of the world can see it 50 degrees south from January through March.

Boysetsfire

Boysetsfire is an American post-hardcore band from Newark, Delaware. Boysetsfire has five members in the band; the current band members are Nathan Gray, Chad Istvan, Robert Ehrenbrand, Josh Latshaw and Matt Krupanski.



So far as of 2015, Boysetsfire has released 6 studio albums:



University of Colorado Boulder

The University of Colorado Boulder (abbreviated "CU") is a public university in Boulder, Colorado. The university has about 30,196 students. It was founded in 1876.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Buffaloes. CU, a member of NCAA Division I, has 16 varsity teams—six for men and nine for women, plus a coeducational skiing team. Of these teams, all but skiing compete in the Pac-12 Conference, which CU joined in July 2011 after having been a founding member of the Big 12 Conference in 1996. Colorado will return to the Big 12 in July 2024. Because neither the Pac-12 nor the Big 12 runs a skiing league, that team is a member of the Rocky Mountain Intercollegiate Ski Association.

The Law School at University of Colorado, Boulder, is ranked #40 by U.S. News & World Report. This is for the 2016 rankings and is out of 196 law schools.


Battenberg cake

Battenberg cake is a light sponge cake. It is long, square faced cake, covered in marzipan. 

When cut in open one can see four more squares alternately coloured pink and yellow. These coloured sections are made by dyeing half of the cake mixture pink, and half yellow, then cutting each resultant sponge into two long, uniform cuboids, and joining them together with apricot jam, to form one cake. Established variations are for coconut flavouring to the sponge cake and lemon curd or raspberry jam in place of apricot jam.

The cake was probably named in honour of the marriage, in 1884, of Princess Victoria of Hesse and by Rhine Queen Victoria's granddaughter to Prince Louis of Battenberg, with the four squares representing the four Battenberg princes: Louis, Alexander, Henry and Francis Joseph.


Murphy Brown

Murphy Brown is an American situation comedy. It aired beginning November 14, 1988 until May 18, 1998 and revived in 2018. on CBS. The show covered multiple subjects, including single parenting. Candice Bergen played the title character.

Manuae (Cook Islands)

Manuae is an uninhabited atoll in the southern group of the Cook Islands, 100 kilometres south-east of Aitutaki. It is administratively part of Aitutaki, but does not belong to any district or tapere of Aitutaki. It is, however, part of Arutanga-Reureu-Nikaupara Constituency.

Manuae is a true atoll sitting on the peak of a submerged volcano which descends 4000 meters to the ocean bed. It is made of two horseshoe-shaped islets, "Manuae" to the west and "Te Au O Tu" to the east, with a total area of 6.17 km²on either side of a lagoon about 7 km x 4 km. Manuae has an area of 2.1 km², and Te Au O TU of 3.9 km². The lagoon is 13 km² in size, shallow and subject to large shifting sand banks. A coral reef surrounds the atoll and there is no passage through the reef.

The island is a marine park and is an important breeding ground for seabirds and marine turtles in the Central Pacific. The offshore waters of Manuae are good fishing grounds. 

Captain James Cook sighted Manuae on September 23 1773. It was the first of the Cook Islands he voyaged to. Initially he named it Sandwich Island but changed it to Hervey Island in honor of Augustus Hervey, 3rd Earl of Bristol, then a Lord of the Admiralty when he decided instead give the name of "Sandwich Islands" to the Hawaiian Islands. This name was later corrupted to Hervey's Island, or Hervey's Isle, and later applied to the entire southern group, as the Hervey Islands. This name remained popular until 1824 when the islands were renamed the Cook Islands by the Russian cartographer von Krusenstern, in honor of Capt. Cook who had died in 1779. 

In April/May 1965 the population briefly increased to 120 when the island was visited by six expeditions (from Australia, N.Z., Japan, U.K., U.S.A. and U.S.S.R.) to observe the total solar eclipse of 1965 May 30.

Norwegian author Erlend Loe writes humorously about an expedition to Manuae in his 1999 novel ""L"".

The island once supported a small copra industry with a settlement established next to the small reef passage less than one kilometer northeast of Turakino, the westernmost point of the atoll. The passage, at the sea entrance, is less than 4 metres wide and in a swell is exceedingly dangerous without local knowledge.

The island has an airfield that has been out of use for several years.
Fishermen from Aitutaki occasionally organise trips to Manuae. All regulations applicable to Aitutaki, apply to Manuae as well.

The population peaked with 32 at the 1956 census, but twenty years later the island was abandoned:


Lancia Thesis

The Lancia Thesis was a car produced by Lancia from 2002 to 2009. It is a large car with retro styling, similar to the Rover 75.


Hold It Against Me

"Hold It Against Me" is a 2011 single by Britney Spears. The song comes from her seventh studio album "Femme Fatale". The song was released on January 11, 2011 to positive reviews.

Looting

Looting (also known as sacking, plundering, despoiling, despoliation, and pillaging) is to steal, especially as part of war, riot or other group violence. It may involve forcible robbery, but is not the same as robbery. Looting can result to damage of property and it is considered to be illegal and unethical 

Iowa State University

Iowa State University of Science and Technology or as it is better known, Iowa State University is a public university in Ames, Iowa. The university has about 33,000 students. It was founded in 1858. The president of the university is Wendy Wintersteen. George Washington Carver was a student at Iowa State.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Cyclones. They have 16 varsity teams and they compete in the Big 12 Conference.


University of Idaho

The University of Idaho is a public university in Moscow, Idaho. The university has about 11,957 students. It was founded in 1889. The current president of the university is M. Duane Nellis.

The athletic teams of the university are called the Vandals. They have 16 varsity teams, almost all of which compete in the Big Sky Conference. The only exception is the women's swimming & diving team. Because the Big Sky does not sponsor that sport, that team competes in the Western Athletic Conference.


San José State University

San José State University is a public university in San Jose, California. The university, part of the California State University system, has about 31,280 students. It was founded in 1857. The current president of the university is Don W. Kassing. The university was originally called the Minns' Evening Normal School before the California legislature voted to change the school's name to San Jose State University in 1974. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Spartans. They have 12 varsity teams and they compete in the Mountain West Conference.


Absorbing a blow

In boxing and other fighting, absorbing a blow is when one person is hit without being badly hurt or stopped from continuing the fight. Sometimes a boxer will absorb a blow they could have avoided so that they can counterattack straight afterwards.



Economy of the United States in the 1920s

The economy of the USA grew quickly in the 1920s. This growth in the 1920s had a positive effect on the USA in later years. The country's main commercial rivals had been devastated by WWI which was fought almost entirely in Europe. Germany, Britain, France, and the Low Countries were all economically weakened.

The USA has many natural resources. For example, there is oil in Texas, coal in the Appalachian Mountains, and ranching in the Midwest and Great Plains. This meant there was no need to buy natural resources from other countries. Moreover the population of the USA was growing fast, so making a market for natural resources inside the USA.

Below is a table in which the population growth in millions is shown in the 40 years after the 1920s:

During the First World War, the USA was selling metal to Britain and France, and also weapons. The USA made a lot of money from this. Also, the USA took over Europe's international trade and became the world leader in manufacturing of chemical, explosives, and plastics. This was good for the US economy. However, the Spanish flu was worldwide, and affected all countries.

The Spanish flu pandemic lasted from 1918 to 1920. It killed between 17 million and 100 million people. Symptoms in 1918 were so unusual that initially influenza was misdiagnosed as dengue, cholera, or typhoid. One observer wrote "One of the most striking of the complications was haemorhage from mucous membranes, especially from the nose, stomach, and intestine". Most deaths were from bacterial pneumonia, a secondary infection caused by influenza. The virus also killed people directly. It caused hemorrhages and oedema in the lungs.

The Spanish flu pandemic was truly global, spreading even to the Arctic and remote Pacific islands. The unusually severe disease killed between 10 and 20% of those infected, as opposed to the more usual flu epidemic mortality rate of 0.1%.

The Republican Party at the time had policies which were very useful for a large economic growth:

1. The Republicans had a 'laissez-faire' way of thinking, which meant that the government would not stand in the way of people's lives and businesses. The Republican Party believed that this would create much profit, and it did.

2. The Republicans made 'tariffs', which meant that it cost a lot of money to buy products from other countries. This protected American businessmen from foreign competition. This also made the American people buy American-made products.

3. The Republicans lowered taxes, which was good for normal people, and even better for rich people. The Republican Party believed that low taxes would make people keep their money and spend it on American-made products and put money into American industries.

4. The Republicans allowed 'trusts'. Trusts were very large corporations, or businesses, which controlled almost all of a certain industry. Many people did not like these trusts as they did not want one corporation to control an entire industry, but the Republican Party said that a corporation would do business better than a politician. These trusts were very important in causing this economic growth.

There were also problems with the policies. During the 1920s, much of the wealth in the United States was controlled by only a few people. Also, farmers and other people who worked in the business of farming found it very difficult to make money and were therefore very poor.

There were new industries, and new ways of managing industries. For example, products such as telephones, radios, vacuum cleaners, washing machines, and others were being made on a large scale, at an affordable price. Effective advertising was also invented for many products. 

One large industry in the 1920s was the motorcar industry. They was made on a production line, which was a relatively new idea at the time. The idea was first developed in the steel industry, and adopted by Henry Ford for his car industry. By the year 1929, 4.8 million cars had been made.
Hoover (vacuum cleaners) became a household name. The biggest growth was in radios. 

In 1920, there were 60,000 radios sold. By 1929, it was 10 million. The 20s decade saw the large-scale development and use of automobiles, telephones, films, radio, and electrical appliances in the lives of millions in the United States. Most of Western Europe followed these events, but their economies were so damaged by WWI. It was many years (in effect, the 1960s and 70s) before ordinary people got telephones in their own homes.

At the time, most Americans believed that they deserved success. For example; a nice house, a good job, plenty to eat, and many consumer goods. The act of 'consuming' was seen as very American, this had a huge impact on powering economic growth in the 1920s.


White matter

The central nervous system is made of two types of tissue: white matter and grey matter. Grey matter contains nerve cell bodies, and white matter is made of the nerve fibres. 

When a sample is freshly cut, it usually slightly pink in appearance (for both types). When preserved in formaldehyde, white matter appears to be almost white. White matter consists mostly of myelinated axons:. Myelin is a lipid tissue (a fat) with capillaries. It helps to keep the electrical in the nerve fibre. This is important for fast and accurate sending of signals. In the brain white matter is surrounded by grey matter most of the time. In the spine, white matter is outside, and grey matter inside: the myelin sourrounds the nerve cells, and helps the transmission of nerve signals.

White matter is used to connect different areas of grey matter. If a section of white matter is damaged, the brain may be able to find a different route to replace the lost connection. The brain contains a third kind of tissue, which appears darker. It is called substantia nigra, a part of the brain that is involved in pleasure & reward, addiction and movement. 

Fefe Dobson

Felicia Lily Dobson (born February 28, 1985) is a singer and songwriter from Canada. She has had several records, most notably her self titled debut album.

Achondroplasia

Achondroplasia is a form of Dwarfism. It is part of the chondrodystrophies or osteochondrodysplasias family which makes bones in a human's skeleton be too short or grow too slowly. It often affects the femur and humerus. It is caused by a dominant allele. That means only one parent has to have the gene. This gives a child a 50% chance of getting the condition. If both parents have the gene the chances are increased to 75%, but in 25% of the cases, it is very unlikely that the child would live more than a few months. However, the condition can also occur without either parent having the gene. Achondroplasia is caused by a change in the DNA for fibroblast growth factor receptor 3. This change affects the making of cartilage. Now that the part of the DNA that causes the condition is known, there is hope that new treatments may be developed.

Mason Jewett Field Airport

Mason Jewett Field is a public airport in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is one mile (1.85 km) southeast of Mason, in Ingham County. The airport is owned and operated by the Capital Region Airport Authority. The airport covers . The elevation is above sea level. The airport has one asphalt runway. There is no scheduled commercial airline service.

On December 16, 1943, Arthur Jewett bought of land for the airport. In 1944, the runway was built. In 1949 lights were installed on the runway. In March 1977, the Capital Region Airport Authority purchased the airport from Arthur Jewett.




Working Girl

Working Girl is a 1988 American romantic comedy-drama movie starring Melanie Griffith as a Staten Island-raised secretary working in a New York City bank. Also starring are Harrison Ford, Alec Baldwin, and Sigourney Weaver.

State capitalism

State capitalism is an economic system where the state government controls most or all steps of making a product. Capitalism is an economic system calling for the private ownership of factories and everything needed to make a product - called the "means of production". 

In Free-market capitalism, "private ownership" means that one, or a few, private owners who own a business have control over the means of production, even though the workers are the people who "make" the products. 

Patrick Stump

Patrick Vaughn Stump (born Patrick Martin Stumph on April 27th, 1984) is an American musician, best known as the lead singer, guitarist and composer of the American rock band Fall Out Boy. With the band he achieved widespread popularity and success. On January 2010 he announced he was working on a solo album after his band took a break in late 2009. He released his first solo song "Spotlight (song)" in two versions, "Spotlight (Oh Nostalgia)" and "Spotlight (New Regrets)" on November 29, 2010. On February 22, 2011, he released his first EP, "Truant Wave". He released his debut album called "Soul Punk" on October 18, 2011, of which he wrote every song, played every note, self-produced, and funded by himself. 

On May 6, 2011 he leaked a track off his album "Soul Punk" called "Explode", uploading it to his YouTube channel. On July 26, 2011 he released the first single "This City" featuring Lupe Fiasco on iTunes.

Fall Out Boy formed in 2001. They released their mini-album "Fall Out Boy's Evening Out with Your Girlfriend" in 2003 and "Take This to Your Grave" in the same year.
In 2003, Stump and his band mates went on to sign with Island Records, and released the acoustic-based EP "My Heart Will Always Be the B-Side to My Tongue" CD and DVD in 2004. This was followed with their third studio album, "From Under the Cork Tree", which went double-platinum in 2005 and reached the top ten of the US chart, going on to sell over three million copies around the world. Their fourth studio album, "Infinity on High", was released in 2007 to continued commercial success. It started at number one on the US music album chart and in the top five around the world. Fall Out Boy's most recent album, "Folie à Deux", was released on December 23 and 16, 2008 in the United States/worldwide, respectively.

On February 6, 2010, E! Online reported that bassist Pete Wentz had told them "We're just on a break," and that he is more focused on being a father right now than he is on Fall Out Boy. Pete lastly added, "...I think I'll be OK. It's too soon to say that we'll be back. We just got burned out."




Maureen O'Hara

Maureen O'Hara (17 August 1920 – 24 October 2015) was an Irish-American actress and singer. She was born in Ranelagh, Dublin and was a naturalised American citizen. She starred in many movies. She is noted for usually playing fiercely passionate heroines in her movies.

O'Hara died in her sleep at her home in Boise, Idaho at the age of 95. She was buried next to her husband at Arlington National Cemetery.

Soul Punk

Soul Punk is the first studio album by American musician "Patrick Stump". The album was released on October 18, 2011. Stump's solo project was officially revealed in January 2010 and was later titled "Soul Punk". It is the first major musical project undertaken by Stump since Fall Out Boy's hiatus. The album is scheduled for release on October 18, 2011 through Island, with Stump officially announcing the release on July 25 via Twitter and the internet. The track "Explode" from the album was leaked on May 6, 2011 for promotion purposes.

The album's first single "This City" was released on July 26, 2011. The music video for the single will be released on September 20, 2011. The track features rapper Lupe Fiasco.

Porcelain (song)

"Porcelain" is a song by American electronica musician Moby. It is the third track from his album "Play". It was the sixth single from that album. The song was released on June 12, 2000 in the UK. It reached number 5 in the UK charts. This is Moby's highest chart position there so far. The song was released in the U.S. two months later, on August 22. It was in the 1998 movie "Playing by Heart" before it was released in the U.S. It was also on the soundtrack to the 2000 movie "The Beach".

Ken Starr

Kenneth Winston "Ken" Starr (July 21, 1946 – September 13, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a federal U.S. Court of Appeals Judge and a Solicitor General. He was Independent Counsel (which was a special office that investigated government officials) while Bill Clinton was the President of the United States for the Whitewater controversy. He was the United States Solicitor General during the George H. W. Bush administration from 1989 to 1993.

Starr filed the Starr Report, which accused President Clinton of lying in court about having an affair with an intern at the White House.

Starr died at a hospital in Houston, Texas on September 13, 2022 from problems caused by surgery, aged 76.


Norman Smiley

Norman Anthony Smiley (born February 28, 1965 in Northampton, England) is an English professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling for WCW. Smiley is currently working as a trainer for WWE. He was the WCW Hardcore Champion two times during his career.


Linda B. Buck

Linda Diane Brown (born January 29, 1947) Is an American biologist. She is most well known for the work she has done to research the olfactory system.

She changed her name to Linda Brown Buck after getting married to Roger Brent. She studied psychology and microbiology at the University of Washington in Seattle, graduating in 1975. Buck received her Ph.D. in immunology from University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas in 1980. She researched more at Columbia after her studies in doctoral research . There, she met Richard Axel. They worked together from 1984 to 1991, when Buck left New York for a teaching job. They researched primarily on the genetic and cellular mechanisms relating to an organism’s sense of smell. When she left New York, Buck worked at Harvard until 2002. She then joined the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. 

In 2004, Buck won the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine for her research on the sense of smell. She shared her Nobel Prize with Richard Axel. The two scientists made many new discoveries about Genetic and cellular Mechanisms responsible of the sense of smell in human beings and other organisms. In a series of experiments Buck (working independently from Axel) discovered how people separate different smells in their nose. She learned that people detect smells from odor in the air. Odors are released through many different substances. These molecules stimulate olfactory response cells in the nose. They send signals to the brain. Buck discovered that there are 350 smell receptors in the nose.

Richard Axel

Richard Axel (born July 2, 1946 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American neuroscientist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2004 for working on the olfactory receptors which he shared with Linda B. Buck.

David Baltimore

David Baltimore (born March 7, 1938 in New York City) is an American biologist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1975 for discovering reverse transcriptase. He shared the prize with Howard Temin and Renato Dulbecco.

The discovery of reverse transcriptase was made at the same time as Howard Temin. It overturned the central dogma of molecular biology because it showed that genetic information could traffic both ways between DNA and RNA. They published these findings in back-to-back papers in the journal, "Nature". 

Clifford the Big Red Dog (2000 TV series)

Clifford the Big Red Dog is an American cartoon TV series. It is based on the book series "Clifford the Big Red Dog". It is about a dog that is big and red. He gets into trouble sometimes and has 2 best friends, Cleo and T-Bone. His owner, Emily Elizabeth, loves him very much and takes excellent care of him. In fact that's how he got so big. It originally aired on PBS Kids in the United States for the first and the second seasons from September 1, 2000 to February 25, 2002. In the United Kingdom, the series got a British dub using an American voice actors by Skylark Sound Studios using a British with a British accents by The Character Development and The Sound Company Ltd. on CBeebies in 2002. Only the first 2 seasons were dubbed.

John Ritter voices Clifford in every episode. By the time the series ended production and the subsequent film "Clifford's Really Big Movie" was completed, Ritter was back on ABC's prime time schedule, starring in "8 Simple Rules". Ritter's death on December 12, 2009, came less than two weeks before the debut of "Clifford's Puppy Days" (it is often mistakenly cited as the reason the spin-off was created in lieu of a third season). Reruns aired on PBS Kids Sprout from September 26, 2005 to September 20, 2009.

Though the production of "Clifford" ended before Ritter's death, voice actors for the main characters have reprised some of their roles for the "Ready to Learn" PBS Kids PSAs. "Clifford's Really Big Movie" served as the series finale, "Clifford's Puppy Days" still continued to air until its cancellation in 2006.

On May 16, 2018, Scholastic announced a reboot of the series of the same name, which was released on December 6, 2019, on Amazon Prime Video and December 7, 2019, on PBS Kids, starring Adam Sanders as the new voice of Clifford. PBS continued to air reruns of the 2000 series until 2022. Select PBS member stations still continue to carry the show.





Nathaniel Gorham

Nathaniel Gorham (May 27, 1738 – June 11, 1796) was the fourteenth President of the United States in Congress. He was also one of the signers of the United States Constitution. He was born in Charlestown, Massachusetts. His father was Nathaniel Gorham and his mother was Mary Soley. He was a delegate to the Continental Congress from 1782 until 1783, and also from 1785 until 1787. Gorham died in Charlestown, Massachusetts in June 11, 1796.

Rafflesiaceae

Rafflesiaceae is a family of flowering plants in the Malpighiales order. They are parasitic plants found in east and southeast Asia, including "Rafflesia arnoldii", the plant with the largest flower of all plants.

Righteous Kill

Righteous Kill is a 2008 crime thriller movie. Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, John Leguizamo and Donnie Wahlberg are in the movie. Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson also appears. The movie received mostly negative reviews from the critics.

Hydra

Hydra may refer to:

China Airlines

China Airlines is the largest airline in Taiwan, and is the flag carrier of the Republic of China. It takes passenger and cargo to over 90 cities world-wide. Its main base or hub is at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport. Mandarin Airlines, a sister airline and wholly-owned subsidiary of China Airlines, flies places in China and Asia.

China Airlines was started in 1959 as a company fully owned by the Republic of China Government. It had two PBY Amphibians when it just started.

Mandarin Airlines

Mandarin Airlines is an airline from Taiwan. It takes passenger and cargo to over 34 cities world-wide. Its main base is at Taichung International Airport.

Taipei Taoyuan International Airport

Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport () is the largest international airport in the Republic of China where most international flights depart and arrive everyday. Taipei Songshan Airport is in Taipei. It used to be the international airport of Taiwan. However as the number of people grew and a bigger airport was needed, there was no room to build more. In order to solve the problem, construction for new airport that can run 24 hours and meet the growing needs started. Taoyuan International Airport is in Taoyuan City.

Taichung International Airport

Taichung International Airport is an international airport in Taiwan.



Chagas disease

Chagas disease is a disease caused by the protozoan parasite "Trypanosoma cruzi". The disease is also known as American trypanosomiasis. It is common in Central and South America. 

Carlos Chagas first described it in 1909. Humans are usually infected because they are bitten by a blood-sucking bug of the subfamily Triatominae. The disease can also be spread by blood transfusion, organ transplantation, or by eating food contaminated with the parasite. Pregnant women may spread it to the fetus. 

The disease has four stages. It can be cured by anti-parasitic drugs. Between eight and eleven million people may suffer from the disease, but many do not know they are infected. Strategies of controlling the disease are mostly focused on eliminating the insect vector, and on preventing contamination from other sources. 

Raymond Dart

Raymond Arthur Dart (4 February 1893 – 22 November 1988) was an Australian anatomist and anthropologist, who worked for much of his life in South Africa.

In 1924 he discovered the first fossil of an Australopithecine, at Taung in Northwestern South Africa (now Botswana). It was "Australopithecus africanus", an extinct hominid closely related to humans. This was a great event in the study of human evolution.

Dart was born in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, the son of a farmer and tradesman. He studied at the University of Queensland, the University of Sydney and University College London, before taking a position as head of the newly established department of anatomy at the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa in 1922.

Because he was an Australian, and not a part of the scientific establishment, and because he found the fossil in Africa, and not Europe or Asia, where the establishment looked to for man's origins, his findings were initially dismissed.

Dart's closest ally was Robert Broom whose discoveries of further Australopithecines (and Wilfrid Le Gros Clark's support) eventually vindicated Dart. So much so that in 1947, Sir Arthur Keith said "...Dart was right, and I was wrong."


Metamorphosis (Hilary Duff album)

Metamorphosis is the second album by Hilary Duff. It was released in 2003. The album became Duff's first number one album in the United States.

Much (TV channel)

Cheese Music" is a own|Canadian]] TV channel.chesse Music is dedicated to chesse, chesse-related programs, pop and youth culture. One of its popular program is the "Top chesse Chesseountdown".It is similar to chesseTV. 

Slant Magazine

Slant Magazine is an online magazine which includes reviews of movies, music, TV, DVDs, theater, and video games. It also has interviews with actors, directors, and musicians. It is based in New York.

Chris Applebaum

Chris Applebaum is an American music video director. He has filmed music videos for many famous musicians including Rihanna, Hilary Duff, and Britney Spears. Twenty-one of his music videos have become #1 on MTV.


Trypanosomiasis

Trypanosomiasis is the name for several diseases, caused by parasites of the genus "Tryposoma":
There are also various diseases that only affect animals, caused by such parasites, amongst others:

Al Waleed bin Talal Al Saud

Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (; born 30 July 1954) is a member of the Saudi Royal Family. He is the nephew of the Saudi Arabian King Abdullah. An entrepreneur and international investor but without real political power within the House of Saud or in Saudi Arabia, he has amassed a fortune through investments in real estate and the stock market.As of March 2010, his net worth is estimated at US$19.4 billion, up from $13.3 billion, according to Forbes, making him the 19th richest person in the world on their list published in March 2010. He has been nicknamed by "Time" magazine as the "Arabian Warren Buffett".

Talal bought the super yacht Kingdom5KR. It had been owned by Donald Trump and called the "Trump Princess". The yacht, built in 1979, was used in the James Bond movie, Never Say Never Again. It has 11 cabins, can take 22 guests and has a crew of 31.

On 4 November 2017, he was arrested in Saudi Arabia, in an anti-corruption raid, together with, among others, Waleed bin Ibrahim Al Ibrahim and Saleh Abdullah Kamel.
Al-Waleed was released from detention on 27 January 2018, following a financial settlement of some kind, after nearly three months in detention. In March 2018 he was dropped from the World's Billionaires list due to lack of current information.

Al-Waleed was born in Jeddah on 30 July 1954 to Prince Talal bin Abdul-Aziz, long-time-known as "The Red Prince", and Mona Al Solh, daughter of Riad Al Solh (Lebanon's first prime minister).

Al-Waleed has been married four times.


Robert Broom

Professor Robert Broom (Paisley, 30 November 1866 – 6 April 1951) was a Scottish, and later South African, doctor and palaeontologist.

He qualified as a medical practitioner in 1895 and received his DSc in 1905 from the University of Glasgow. In 1893 he married Mary Baird Baillie.

From 1903 to 1910 he was Professor of Zoology and Geology at Victoria College, Stellenbosch, South Africa, and subsequently he became keeper of vertebrate palaeontology at the South African Museum, Cape Town.

Broom was first known for his study of mammal-like reptiles. After Raymond Dart's discovery of the Taung Child, an infant australopithecine, Broom's interest in palaeoanthropology was heightened. Broom's career seemed over and he was sinking into poverty, when Dart wrote to Jan Smuts about the situation. Smuts put pressure on the South African government, and managed to get a position for Broom. In 1934 he joined the staff of the Transvaal Museum in Pretoria as Assistant in Palaeontology.

In the following years, he and John T. Robinson made a series of spectacular finds, including fragments from six hominids in Sterkfontein, which they named "Plesianthropus transvaalensis", but which was later classified as an adult "Australopithecus africanus", as well as more discoveries at sites in Kromdraai and Swartkrans.

In 1937, Broom made his most famous discovery of "Paranthropus robustus". These discoveries helped support Dart's claims for the Taung species.

The remainder of Broom's career was devoted to the exploration of these sites and the interpretation of the many early hominid remains discovered there. For his volume, "The South Africa fossil ape-men, the Australopithecinae", in which he proposed the Australopithecinae subfamily, Broom was awarded the Daniel Giraud Elliot Medal from the National Academy of Sciences in 1946. He continued to write to the very last. Shortly before his death he finished a monograph on the Australopithecines and remarked to his nephew:<br>

"More than any scientist before or since, Broom's work on "Australopithecus" fundamentally revised the study of fossil man... The significant point is that Broom assigned all except one of these to a single zoological subfamily the australopithecines, and made it quite clear that [they] were good candidates for the ancestry of mankind".


Libertarian Party

The Libertarian Party may refer to:



Francisco J. Ayala

Francisc José Ayala (March 12, 1934 – March 3, 2023) was a Spanish-American biologist and philosopher at the University of California, Irvine.

He was a Dominican priest, ordained in 1960, but left the priesthood that same year.

After graduating from the university of Salamanca, he moved to the United States in 1961 to study for a PhD at Columbia University. There, he studied for his doctorate under Theodosius Dobzhansky, graduating in 1964. He became a U.S. citizen in 1971.

He was president and chairman of the Board of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.

He died from a heart attack on March 3, 2023, a week before his 89th birthday.

Ayala has published 950 papers and 30 books. Recently published books include:

The Sorcerer's Apprentice (2010 movie)

The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a 2010 American fantasy adventure movie starring Nicolas Cage and Alfred Molina. The movie is named after "The Sorcerer's Apprentice" part in Disney's "Fantasia"

Balthazar Blake (Nicolas Cage) is a master sorcerer in modern-day Manhattan trying to defend the city from his worst enemy, Maxim Horvath (Alfred Molina). Balthazar can not do it alone, so he recruits Dave Stutler (Jay Baruchel), a seemingly average guy who demonstrates hidden potential, as his protégé. Balthazar teaches him the art and science of magic, and together, they work to stop Horvath from freeing Morgan le Fay. 


Kevin Dineen

Kevin William Dineen (born October 28, 1963 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He lived in Cape Elizabeth, Maine and moved Florida in 2010. He played a career total of played 21 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Hartford Whalers, Philadelphia Flyers, Carolina Hurricanes, Ottawa Senators, and Columbus Blue Jackets. He is currently the assistant coach of the Chicago Blackhawks. He was the head coach of the Florida Panthers from 2011–2013.

Dineen also scored the last goal ever for the Hartford Whalers in a 2–1 win against the Tampa Bay Lightning.

On January 6, 2006, he had his playing number 11 retired by the American Hockey League's Hartford Wolf Pack.


Lithuanian Wikipedia

The Lithuanian Wikipedia is the Lithuanian language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in 2003.

As of January, 2024, it is the 52nd largest edition of Wikipedia by number of articles.

It currently has over 214,850 articles.

Chevrolet Avalanche

The Chevrolet Avalanche was a four-door sport utility truck. It was sold by General Motors' Chevrolet brand in the United States. The Avalanche was first made in 2002 in Silao, Guanajuato, Mexico and the second generation was first shown at the Chicago Auto Show in February 2006. It was named after the sudden collapse of mountain snowpacks that are known as Avalanches. There have been two generations of the Chevrolet Avalanche with the second one being made in 2007, until it was discontinued in 2020.


Chris Campoli

Christopher Campoli (born July 9, 1984) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Ottawa Senators, New York Islanders, and Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Campoli was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks, along with Conditional 7th-Round Draft Pick for Conditional 2nd-Round Draft Pick in 2011 and Ryan Potulny on February 28, 2011. He was signed as a free agent by the Montreal Canadiens to a one-year, $1,750,000 deal.

Jiří Tlustý

Jiří Tlustý (born March 16, 1988 in Slaný, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech NHL ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the Carolina Hurricanes.

Before playing in the NHL, Tlustý played 1 season with HC Kladno of the Czech Extraliga and 1 season with the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs with the 13th overall pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. He played 3 seasons with the Maple Leafs.

The Maple Leafs traded Tlustý to the Carolina Hurricanes in exchange for Philippe Paradis.

Cradle 2 the Grave

Cradle 2 the Grave is a 2003 action movie that was produced by Joel Silver and directed by Andrzej Bartkowiak. The movie was released on February 28, 2003 in the United States and on March 20, 2004 in Hong Kong.


Ben Carson

Benjamin S. "Ben" Carson, Sr (born September 18, 1951) is an American neurosurgeon and politician. A member of the Republican Party, he was the 17th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 2017 to 2021. After graduating from Yale University, Carson went to University of Michigan Medical School, and was later accepted to Johns Hopkins University.

In 2008, Carson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. He was the Director of Pediatric Neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital. He is known for, among other accomplishments, being the first doctor to separate twins that were joined together at the head.

Carson was born in Detroit, Michigan to Sonya Copeland and Robert Carson. He studied at Yale University and at the University of Michigan.

Carson was a professor of neurosurgery, oncology, plastic surgery, and pediatrics, and he was the director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital. At 33, he became the youngest major division director in the hospital's history as director of pediatric neurosurgery. He was also a co-director of the Johns Hopkins Craniofacial Center.

He was the first surgeon to successfully separate conjoined twins joined at the head. In 2008 he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush. After delivering a widely publicized speech at the 2013 National Prayer Breakfast, he became a popular conservative figure in political media for his views on social and political issues.

In March 2013, Carson announced he would retire as a surgeon, stating "I'd much rather quit when I'm at the top of my game". His retirement became official on July 1, 2013.

Carson ran for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election.

On March 2 following the 2016 Super Tuesday primaries, Carson announced that while he was not suspending his campaign he "did not see a 'path forward'" and would not attend the next Republican debate in Detroit. On March 4, 2016, Carson suspended his presidential campaign. He later endorsed Donald Trump.

On December 5, 2016, Donald Trump nominated Carson for the job of United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.

On March 2, 2017, Carson was confirmed by the United States Senate in a 58–41 vote.

Carson married Candy Carson in 1975. They have three children. He is a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church.


Open Season (movie)

Open Season is a 2006 animated-comedy movie that was directed by Jill Culton, Roger Allers, and Anthony Stacchi and produced by Michelle Murdocca, Amy Jupiter, Steve Moore, and John B. Carls. The movie was released on September 29, 2006 and received mixed reviews from reviewers.

In the tranquil town of Timberline, 900-pound grizzly bear Boog (Martin Lawrence) enjoys a captive, but happy existence. He spends his day as the star attraction of the town's nature show and spends his nights living the life of luxury in the garage of the park ranger Beth (Debra Messing), who raised Boog since he was a cub.

One day, the hunting fanatic Shaw (Gary Sinise) drives into town with the one-antlered buck mule deer, Elliot (Ashton Kutcher) strapped to the hood of his truck. Boog accidentally wakes him and the two scream in terror. With Boog reluctant to intervene, Elliot begs Boog to help. At the last minute and against his better judgement, Boog frees Elliot before Shaw can go after him. Boog never expects to see his "buddy" again.

Elliot follows Boog home and finds him sleeping in the garage and starts to throw rabbits at the window to wake him. Elliot tells Boog the he is intent on returning the favor by "freeing" him from his garage captivity. Boog refuses to go with Elliot, but he still goes with Elliot when Elliot shows him a chocolate bar (which he calls a Woo Hoo Bar) and tells him that they can get more outside. Elliot begins to introduce Boog to a world of sweet temptations outside of the garage that he has never known. The two head for "Puni Mart", a convenience store. Boog and Elliot ransack the Puni Mart, causing a mess. Elliot escapes before Boog is caught by a friend of Beth, Sheriff Gordy (Gordon Tootoosis). Back home, Gordy tells Beth that it would be better if Boog were released into the wild.

During the nature show, Elliot, chased by Shaw, runs backstage and locks the door. Boog gets mad remembering the events Elliot made him go through. Boog attacks the buck, making the audience panic (because it looks as of Boog is killing Elliot behind the curtain) before Boog threatens to kill Elliot. The two crash out of the curtains. Shaw prepares to shoot Boog, but the bear is instead tranquilized by Beth; she tranquilizes Elliot as well (six times in the butt). The duo are released into the Timberline National Forest, only three days before the start of open season.

Boog wakes up and realizes he has been released into the forest, and threatens to throw Elliot off a cliff, stating that Elliot drove him to this. Boog eventually throws Elliot into the air rather than throwing him off the cliff. Elliot's antlers get stuck in the ground, and while Boog goes around the forest in circles in search of Timberline, Elliot tries to break free. Boog decides to get familiar with the forest and tries to climb up a tree, but is attacked by a Scottish red squirrel called McSquizzy (Billy Connolly) and his gang. Soon, Boog gives up and frees Elliot and takes him as his hapless guide to get him back home to Timberline to reunite with Beth. But in the woods, they quickly learn that it's every animal for itself. The two run into their share of the forest animals including hot-tempered skunks (Nika Futterman and Michelle Murdocca), psychotic ducks (Danny Mann and Maddie Taylor) and panic-stricken rabbits. They also run into critters such as Reilly (Jon Favreau) and his beaver construction worker team, and a porcupine (Maddie Taylor) who's in search of a buddy. With each adverse encounter, Boog learns a little about self-reliance and Elliot gains self-respect. Elliot finds his herd crush, a pretty female, Giselle (Jane Krakowski), but is also found by the herd leader, Ian (Patrick Warburton), a "jock" mule deer who had forced Elliot out of the herd before. They walk away from Ian's taunting, realizing that they've obtained true friendship.

Elliot tries to lead Boog out of the forest, but gets lost. Boog realizes they are meeting the same animals again and again. After winding up at Reilly's dam, Boog and Elliot are confronted by Shaw. Boog tries to run over the dam, but it's not a "load bearing structure". It breaks under his weight and the rush of water washes everyone in the forest, including Shaw, to the clearing below the 'falls.

Everyone blames Boog, but he accuses Elliot of lying to him about leading him home. Elliot confesses, saying he wanted Boog as a friend and thought if they just spent time together it would work out. Angry, Boog leaves, attempting to find Timberline on his own. He unwittingly find Shaw's log cabin. Shaw discovers him and pursues him. Boog flees to the city road where he finds trucks with hunters in them, zooming past him and he soon finds the glowing lights of Timberline. Instead of deserting his companions, Boog decides to take Elliot with him, but the other animals want to live in the garage too, but they realize there is no way out because the hunters have already gathered around the forest. Boog decides that they should defend themselves, and they collect supplies from Bob and Bobby's (two scientists) RV while their pet dachshund Mr. Weenie (Cody Cameron) joins the animals.

The following day, Boog witnesses the hunters coming, and sends a signal to the animals by flinging one of the mule deers of the herd in the air. Elliot receives the signal and sends out the ducks, who are carrying skunks, into the air, causing stinky green air to flow around the forest. Meanwhile, Elliot and the squirrels ride on the mule deers and charge. On the other side, Boog and the other animals charge too, causing a big rampage. The ducks drop a tank of gas (called "Mr. Happy" by McSquizzy) onto one of the hunters trucks, but it goes out, so McSquizzy flings some dynamite into the air, and all the trucks blow up, and the hunters all run away. All the animals start celebrating. Suddenly, Shaw appears, and attempts to kill Boog with his gun, but Elliot shoots things that they had stolen from the RV. One of the objects hits the gun, and the gun falls out of reach. Shaw then proceeds to attack Boog with his hunting knife. Boog beats him with a golf club Elliot had shot. Shaw, within reaching distance of his gun, grabs it, and attempts to shoot Boog. Elliot takes the bullet meant for Boog, enraging Boog who tackles Shaw, roars loudly in his face, then ties him up with his own gun. Boog finds that Elliot survived the wound, only losing his second antler in the fight. Beth returns to take Boog back home where he will be safe, but he instead stays with his friends. They both realize that the bear "is" at home in the forest. Earlier, the animals attack Shaw, pouring honey and putting feathers on Shaw. Finally, Shaw is free and with panic runs into the forest.


The idea for the movie came from cartoonist Steve Moore, known for his comic strip "In the Bleachers". Moore and producer John Carls submitted the story to Sony in June 2002, and the movie immediately went into development. On February 29, 2004, Sony Pictures Animation announced the beginning of the production on its first CGI animated feature, "Open Season".

The movie location was inspired by the towns of Sun Valley, Idaho and McCall, Idaho, and the Sawtooth National Forest. References to the Lawn Lake, Colorado, Dam flood, Longs Peak, and other points of interest in the area are depicted in the movie.

The Sony animation team developed a digital tool called shapers that allowed the animators to re-shape the character models into stronger poses and silhouettes and subtle distortions such as squash, stretch, and smears, typical of traditional, hand-drawn animation.

Martin Lawrence and Ashton Kutcher, the voices of Boog and Elliot, never met during production.

"Open Season" received mixed reviews from critics. Critics of Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie 48% with the consensus "Open Season is a cliched palette of tired jokes and CG animal shenanigans that have been seen multiple times this cinematic year."

Kevin Smith gave the movie a good review during an appearance as a guest critic on "At the Movies with Ebert and Roeper" saying "If your kids like poop jokes as much as I do, "Open Season" will put a big smile on their faces." However, Richard Roeper gave the movie a mixed review saying "It's just okay, the animation is uninspired."

The movie opened #1 with $23 million on its opening weekend. It grossed $85.1 million in the United States and $104.8 million in foreign countries making $189.9 million worldwide.

"Rolling Stone" gave the movie's soundtrack three stars out of five, as did Allmusic.

"Open Season" was released on DVD, Blu-ray, and UMD Video on January 30, 2007. It was later released on 3D Blu-ray on November 16, 2010.

A TV show, "Boog and Elliot's Big Adventure", was to air in March 2012.

A video game based on the movie was released on many platforms in 2006/2007.

"Open Season" was given two direct-to-video sequels: "Open Season 2" (which was in 2009), and "Open Season 3" (which was in 2011).


Rosemary Clooney

Rosemary Clooney (May 23, 1928 – June 29, 2002) was an American singer and actress. She was born in Maysville, Kentucky. She became known with her song "Come On-a My House". She starred in many movies. She was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and died of lung cancer in Beverly Hills, California.

Her brother is television presenter Nick Clooney (born 1934). Her nephew was actor George Clooney, and she was the mother of actor Miguel Ferrer.


Honda Civic

The Honda Civic is a subcompact and compact car that is built by the Honda company. The Civic has had 11 generations. The Honda Civic has been built and sold since 1972. The Chevrolet Vega and Ford Pinto were rolling sacrifices amid an international fuel crisis, but the small and efficient Civic felt like perfect timing. Honda offered the first-gen Civic as both a three-door hatchback and sedan. The sedan version essentially was exactly like the hatchback, except that the conventional trunk lid and fixed rear seat of the sedan were replaced by an upward-hinged rear window and a fold-down seat in the hatchback. Wheels were 12 inches in diameter, and radial tires, A/C, a two-speed automatic transmission, and a rear hatch wiper were the only options. The 8th and later generation Civics have a digital speedometer. The Civic DX, LX, LX-S / Sport, and EX are available with an automatic or manual transmission. The highest trim levels are the Civic Si and Type R, which are only available with a manual transmission and come with a more powerful engine. The Acura CSX, sold only in Canada, is nearly identical to the eighth generation (2006-2011) Civic.


Honda Today

The Honda Today was a line of kei cars that were built by the Honda company. The Today was made from 1985 to 1998. The Honda Today was replaced by the Honda Life.

Norma (constellation)

The constellation Norma is a small group of stars in the southern hemisphere between Scorpius and Centaurus. Its name is Latin for normal and can mean a right angle. The constellation may be pictured as a ruler, a carpenter's square, a set square, or a level.

The Milky Way passes through Norma.

Because it is on the Milky Way, this constellation contains many deep sky objects. Galaxy NGC 6087 is a highly visible one.

Shapley 1 is a planetary nebula about 1,000 lightyears away from Earth.



Norma

Norma is a popular girl's name. Norma may also several other things: 
In science and technology:

Places:

In entertainment:

Tropical systems:

Other uses:

Lethbridge

Lethbridge is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta.

The mayor of Lethbridge is Blaine Hyggen.

The population is 101482 from the 2021 municipal census.

Lethbridge is also home to a Western Hockey League team called the Lethbridge Hurricanes.


Andy Panda

Andrew "Andy" Panda is a fictional panda. He was created by Walter Lantz for Universal Studios in the 1930s - 1940s from 1939 to 1949.
His girlfriend was Miranda Panda. He introduced Woody Woodpecker in 1940's Knock Knock. He was one of Walter Lantz's staples (the others being Woody Woodpecker, Oswald Rabbit, Chilly Willy). His last appearance was in 1949's "Scrappy Birthday". In comics he was often paired with Charlie Chicken.


Bridgeport Islanders

The Bridgeport Islanders are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2001. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Bridgeport, Connecticut at the Total Mortgage Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliates are the Worcester Railers.

The team originally played as the Bridgeport Sound Tigers from 2001 until 2021. The team's name was a reference to the Long Island Sound. During their first season, the Sound Tigers were able to win the Macgregor Kilpatrick Trophy as the regular season champions. They would make it to the Calder Cup finals but would be defeated by the Chicago Wolves four games to one.

On May 10, 2021, the team announced that they were going to rebrand themselves and change their name to the Bridgeport Islanders.

Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins

The Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1999 they currently play in the American Hockey League and are the farm team of the Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL. They play their home games in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania at the Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza. Their ECHL affiliate team is the Wheeling Nailers.

Hartford Wolf Pack

The Hartford Wolf Pack are an American professional ice hockey team. It originally began playing in the Canadian-American Hockey League in 1926 as the Providence Reds. 

They currently play in the American Hockey League and are the farm team of the New York Rangers of the NHL. They play their home games in Hartford, Connecticut at the XL Center. Their ECHL affiliate team is the Greenville Road Warriors. They were also known as the Hartford Wolf Pack from 1997 to 2010. The changed their name to the Connecticut Whale in October 2010 to honor of the former Hartford Whalers of the National Hockey League. They changed their name back to the Hartford Wolf Pack after the 2012–13 AHL season.

Daniel Dennett

Daniel Clement Dennett III (born March 28, 1942 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American philosopher, neuroscientist, and cognitive scientist. He is also an atheist.

Manchester Monarchs

The Manchester Monarchs were an American professional ice hockey team that played between 2001 and 2015. They currently play in the American Hockey League and are the farm team of the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL. They play their home games in Manchester, New Hampshire at the Verizon Wireless Arena. Their ECHL affiliate team is the Ontario Reign. They have won two regular season titles.


Devin Hester

Devin Hester (born November 4, 1982 in Riviera Beach, Florida) is an American football return specialist for the Atlanta Falcons. Hester was drafted out of the University of Miami by the Chicago Bears with the 57th pick in the second round of the 2006 NFL Draft. Hester won an ESPY Award in 2007 for the Breakthrough Player of the Year.


Hunter Cantwell

Hunter Cantwell (born December 30, 1985 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) is a retired American football quarterback who played for on the practice squad for the Carolina Panthers and the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). Cantwell played college football at the University of Louisville. He was undrafted and started his NFL career in 2009 and ended his NFL career in 2011. He is currently the quarterbacks coach for Campbellsville University.


University of Louisville

The University of Louisville is a public university in Louisville, Kentucky. The university has about 19,743 students. It was founded in 1798. The current president of the university is Neeli Bendapudi. 

The sports teams of the university are called the Cardinals. They have 21 varsity teams that compete in the Atlantic Coast Conference.


Orion

Orion may mean:





University of South Florida

The University of South Florida is a public university in Tampa, Florida. The university has about 45,713 students. It was founded in 1956. The current president of the university is Rhea Law.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Bulls. They have 15 varsity teams and they compete in the American Athletic Conference.


West Virginia University

West Virginia University is a public university in Morgantown, West Virginia. The university has about 29,306 students. It was founded in 1867. The current president of the university is E. Gordon Gee, who is in his second stint as president. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Mountaineers. They have 17 varsity teams and now compete mainly in the Big 12 Conference, after leaving their longtime home, the Big East Conference, in July 2012. WVU has separate conference memberships in two sports. In men's soccer, a sport not sponsored by the Big 12, the Mountaineers play in the Mid-American Conference. In rifle shooting, also not sponsored by the Big 12, the Mountaineers are in the Great America Rifle Conference.


Agency

An agency is an organization which acts on behalf of others. There are commercial agencies, and government agencies. Dictionary.com defines 'agency': "an organization, company, or bureau that provides some service for another: a welfare agency". Actors, models, authors, sportspeople all have agents or agencies.

A bureau is agency within an agency. For example:

In the United States, government agencies include the United States Department of Homeland Security, which has the job of protecting U.S. citizens; the United States Department of Education, which sets certain rules for how U.S. schools are to be run; and the United States Department of the Treasury, which helps keep track of the nation's money supply.

Acanthodii

Acanthodii (sometimes called spiny sharks) is a class of extinct fishes, having features of both bony fish (Osteichthyes) and cartilaginous fish (Chondrichthyes). They appeared in the early Silurian (430 mya) and lasted until the late Permian (250 mya). The earliest ancanthodians were marine, but during the Devonian, freshwater species became predominant. They are distinguished in two respects: they were the first known jawed vertebrates, and they had stout spines supporting their fins, fixed in place and non-movable (like a shark's dorsal fin).

Villanova University

The Villanova University is a private university in Villanova, Pennsylvania. The university has about 9,535 students. It was founded in 1842. The current president of the university is Rev. Peter M. Donohue, O.S.A. .

The athletics teams of the university are called the Wildcats. They have 24 varsity teams, most of which compete in the Big East Conference. The football team plays in the Colonial Athletic Association, and the women's rowing team is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


University of Connecticut

The University of Connecticut or sometimes referred to as UCONN for short is a public university in Storrs and Mansfield, Connecticut. The university has about 28,677 students. It was founded in 1881. The current president of the university is Dr. Philip E. Austin. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the UConn Huskies. They have 21 varsity teams, all competing in NCAA Division I and most in the Big East Conference. The Huskies have varying conference homes in sports not played by the Big East:


Seton Hall University

Seton Hall University is a private Roman Catholic university in South Orange, New Jersey, United States. It was started in 1856 by Archbishop James Roosevelt Bayley. Seton Hall is the oldest diocesan university in the United States. Seton Hall is also the oldest and largest Catholic university in New Jersey. The university is known for its programs in business, law, education, nursing, and diplomacy.

Seton Hall is made up of eight different schools and colleges. It has about 5,200 undergraduate students and about 4,400 graduate students. Its School of Law has 1,200 students. "US News & World Report" lists the School of Law as one of the top 100 law schools in the United States.In 2011, Seton Hall's Stillman School of Business is ranked 88 out of the top 100 undergraduate business schools. It is one of only three school from state of New Jersey to maje the list according to BusinessWeek.

The Seton Hall College of Medicine and Dentistry was the first school of medicine in the State of New Jersey. The state took over the school in 1965. It is now the New Jersey Medical School, part of the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey.

The school's sports teams are called the Pirates. They play in the NCAA's Division I and in the Big East Conference. The college started its first basketball team in 1903. Seton Hall stopped having a football team in 1982. 

Seton Hall athletics is best known for its men's basketball team. The team won the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) in 1953. It lost in the finals of the 1989 NCAA Tournament to Michigan, 80–79 in overtime. Seton Hall currently has teams at the Division I level in baseball, basketball, women's basketball, cross country running, men's golf, soccer, women's soccer, softball, swimming, diving, women's tennis, indoor and outdoor track & field, and volleyball.

Seton Hall also has club sports in ice hockey, rugby union, and Men's volleyball. Almost all the Seton Hall sports have their home field on the South Orange campus. The men's ice hockey team and the men's basketball team play at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey.

DePaul University

DePaul University is a private university in Chicago, Illinois. The university has about 24,008 students. It was founded in 1898. The current president of the university is Robert L. Manuel, PhD. It was named after 17th-century French priest Saint Vincent de Paul.

DePaul's two main campuses are located in Lincoln Park and the Loop. The Lincoln Park Campus is home to the Colleges of Liberal Arts and Social Sciences, Science and Health, and Education. The Loop campus is home to Colleges of Business, Law and Technology. 

Since 1998, DePaul University has been the largest Catholic university in the United States.

The university enrolls around 16,000 undergraduate and about 7,600 graduate/law students, making DePaul the 13th largest private university by enrollment in the United States, and the largest private university in Illinois. According to the Division of Student Affairs website, about 90% of DePaul's students commute or live off campus. The student body represents a wide array of religious, ethnic, and geographic backgrounds, including over 60 foreign countries.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Blue Demons. They have 13 varsity teams and they compete in the Big East Conference.


Marquette University

Marquette University is a private, coeducational, Roman Catholic university in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The university has about 11,599 students. It was founded in 1898. The current president of the university is Rev. Robert A. Wild, S.J. . 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Golden Eagles. They have 10 varsity teams and they compete in the Big East Conference.


Providence College

Providence College is a private, Roman Catholic university in Providence, Rhode Island. The university has about 4,585 students. It was founded in 1917. The current president of the university is Fr. Brian J. Shanley, O.P. . 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Friars. They have 19 varsity teams and they compete in the Big East Conference.


St. John's University (New York City)

St. John's University is a private, coeducational, Roman Catholic university in Queens, New York. The university has about 20,069 students. It was founded in 1870. The current president of the university is Rev. Donald J. Harrington. There is also a campus in Paris, France and Rome, Italy.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Red Storm. They have 17 varsity teams and they compete in the Big East Conference.


University of Cincinnati

The University of Cincinnati is a public university in Cincinnati, Ohio. The university has about 41,357 students. It was founded in 1819. The current president of the university is Gregory H. Williams. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Bearcats. They have 18 varsity teams and they compete in the Big 12 Conference.


University of Wyoming

The University of Wyoming is a public university in Laramie, Wyoming. The university has about 13,657 students. It was founded in 1886. The current president of the university is Tom Buchanan. Dick Cheney went to the University of Wyoming.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Cowboys for the men and the Cowgirls for the women. They are commonly known as the Pokes. They have 17 varsity teams and they compete in the Mountain West Conference. Josh Allen once played quarterback for the Wyoming football team.


University of Nevada, Las Vegas

The University of Nevada, Las Vegas, often known as UNLV, is a public, coeducational university in Paradise, Nevada. The university has about 29,069 students. It was founded in 1957. The current president of the university is Neal J. Smatresk. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Rebels and Runnin' Rebels for basketball. They have 16 varsity teams and they compete in the Mountain West Conference.


Carol Channing

Carol Elaine Channing (January 31, 1921 – January 15, 2019) was an American stand-up comedian, actress, singer, dancer and voice artist. She received three Tony Awards. Channing played Lorelei in the Broadway musical "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" and played Dolly in the movie "Hello, Dolly!".

Channing was born Carol Elaine Channing in Seattle, Washington on January 31, 1921. When she left home to go to Bennington College, her mother told her that her father's mother was African-American.

Channing died on January 15, 2019, of complications from a stroke at her home in Rancho Mirage, California, sixteen days before her 98th birthday.


University of New Mexico

The University of New Mexico is a public university in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The university has about 34,674 students. It was founded in 1889. The current president of the university is David J. Schmidly. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Lobos. They have 16 varsity teams, most of which compete in the Mountain West Conference (MW). New Mexico has separate conference memberships in two sports that the MW does not sponsor. In skiing, the Lobos are members of the Rocky Mountain Intercollegiate Ski Association. In men's soccer, New Mexico is a member of Conference USA.


University of Iowa

The University of Iowa is a college in Iowa City, Iowa. It was founded in 1847.

San Diego State University

San Diego State University or SDSU for short is a public university in San Diego, California, and a part of the California State University system. The university has about 33,790 students. It was founded in 1897. The current president of the university is Elliot Hirshman. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Aztecs. They have 17 varsity teams, most of which compete in the Mountain West Conference (MW). Three teams have separate conference memberships in sports that the MW does not sponsor. The women's rowing team is a member of the American Athletic Conference, the men's soccer team plays in the Pacific-12 Conference, and the women's water polo team plays in the Golden Coast Conference.


Boise State University

Boise State University is a public university in Boise, Idaho. The university has 24,103 students. It was founded in 1974. The current president of the university is Robert W. Kustra.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Broncos. They have 17 varsity teams, almost all of which compete in the Mountain West Conference.


Troy University

Troy University is a public university in Troy, Alabama. The university has about 30,000 students. It was founded in 1887. The current chancellor of the university is Jack Hawkins, Jr.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Trojans. They have 18 varsity teams and they compete in the Sun Belt Conference.


Jaclyn Smith

Jaclyn Smith (born October 26, 1945 in Houston, Texas) is an American actress. She played Kelly Garrett in the television series "Charlie's Angels" from 1976 to 1981. She also acted in many television movies.


University of North Texas

The University of North Texas is a public university in Denton, Texas. The university has 40,796 students as of 2020. It was founded in 1890. The current president of the university is Neal Smatresk.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Mean Green. They have 18 varsity teams and they compete in the American Athletic Conference.


Western Kentucky University

Western Kentucky University is a public university in Bowling Green, Kentucky. The university has about 20,712 students. It was founded in 1906. The current president of the university is Dr. Gary A. Ransdell. 

The athletics teams of the university for men are called the Hilltoppers and the athletics teams for the women are called the Lady Toppers. They have 17 varsity teams, all of which play in Conference USA.


Kurt Thomas (basketball)

Kurt Vincent Thomas (born October 4, 1972 in Dallas, Texas) is an American basketball player. He currently plays for the Chicago Bulls as a Power forward and Center. 

He was drafted out of Texas Christian University in the 1995 NBA Draft in the 1st round with the 10th pick by the Miami Heat.

He has also played with the Miami Heat from 1995 to 1997, Dallas Mavericks from 1997 to 1998, New York Knicks from 1998 to 2005, Phoenix Suns from 2005 to 2007, Seattle SuperSonics from 2007 to 2008, San Antonio Spurs from 2008 to 2009 and the Milwaukee Bucks from 2009 to 2010.


The Adjustment Bureau

The Adjustment Bureau is a 2011 American romance science fiction thriller movie set in 2006. It was produced by George Nolfi, Chris Moore, Michael Hackett and Bill Carraro and was directed by George Nolfi. The movie was released on March 4, 2011.



Harmonia Macrocosmica

The Harmonia Macrocosmica is a star atlas by Andreas Cellarius. It was published in 1660 by Johannes Janssonius. The first part of the atlas has copper plate prints showing the universe models of Claudius Ptolemy, Nicolaus Copernicus and Tycho Brahe. In the second part are star maps of the Christian constellations. The atlas also had plates supporting the views of the Catholic Church, so the book was not placed on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum, a list of publications the Catholic Church censored.

Jane Russell

Ernestine Jane Geraldine Russell, known simply as Jane Russell (June 21, 1921 - February 28, 2011) was an Canadian-American actress, born in Minnesota. She starred in almost two dozen films throughout her career. Russell died in Santa Maria, California of a respiratory related illness.


Meave Leakey

Meave G. Leakey PhD DSc (hon) is a renowned paleontologist who studies the origin of mankind in West Africa. She was born Meave Epps, 28 July 1942 in London, and was married to Richard Leakey, the son of Louis and Mary Leakey. She is a research professor at Stony Brook University.

They have two children, Louise (born 1972) and Samira (born 1974). Her daughter Louise Leakey is also a paleontologist studying human origins.

Dr. Leakey's research team at Lake Turkana, Kenya made a discovery in 1999 that changed our understanding of early human ancestry. They found a 3.5 million-year-old skull and partial jaw thought to belong to a new branch of our early human family. She named the find "Kenyanthropus platyops", or flat-faced man of Kenya.


Lake Turkana

Lake Turkana, formerly known as Lake Rudolf, is a lake in the Great Rift Valley in northwest Kenya. Its far northern end crosses into Ethiopia. 

It is the world's largest permanent desert lake and the world's largest alkaline lake. By volume it is the world's fourth-largest salt lake after the Caspian Sea, Issyk-Kul Lake and the (shrinking) Aral Sea. Among all lakes, it ranks 24th in area.

The water is drinkable, but not palatable. It supports a rich lacustrine wildlife. The climate is hot and very dry. 

The rocks of the surrounding area are predominantly volcanic. Central Island is an active volcano, emitting vapors. Outcrops and rocky shores are found on the East and South shores of the lake, while dunes, spits and flats are on the West and North, at a lower elevation.

On-shore and off-shore winds can be extremely strong as the lake warms and cools more slowly than the land. Sudden, violent storms are frequent. Three rivers (the Omo, Turkwel and Kerio) flow into the lake, but lacking outflow, its only water loss is by evaporation. Lake volume and dimensions are variable. For example, its level fell by between 1975 and 1993.

Due to temperature, aridity and geographic inaccessibility, the lake retains its wild character. Many Nile crocodiles are on the flats. The rocky shores are home to scorpions and carpet vipers. Although the lake and its environs have been popular for expeditions of every sort under the tutelage of guides, rangers and experienced persons, they certainly must be considered hazardous for unguided tourists.

Lake Turkana National Parks are listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Sibiloi National Park lies on the lake's eastern shore, while Central Island National Park and South Island National Park are in the lake. Both have crocodiles.

The Lake Turkana area is regarded by many anthropologists as the cradle of humankind because there are many hominid fossils. The skeleton of Turkana boy was found near the lake in 1984.

Marie Osmond

Olive Marie Osmond, known simply as Marie Osmond (born October 13, 1959) is an American singer, actress, and doll designer. She was born in Ogden, Utah. She is the sister of Donny Osmond. Marie was not a part of her family's singing group The Osmonds. She had some success as a solo country artist in the 1970s and 1980s. She also hosted several talk shows with her brother Donny.

Marie was born in Ogden, Utah. She is one of nine children and the only daughter. She was four years old when she first performed on television in the 1960s.

Marie has released a total of 9 albums of mostly country and pop music. Her 1973 release of Paper Roses became a number 1 hit and started her successful career. Her latest work released in 2015 is titled Music is Medicine.

She stared in 2 Broadway musicals. In 1994 she played the lead in The King and I and in 1997 she played the lead in The Sound of Music.

She was co-host of the Donny and Marie show that was very popular from 1975 until 1978. Marie acted in several made for TV movies, variety shows, situation comedy's and voiced animated characters during her career. 

In 1978, she stared in the movie Goin' Coconuts.

She was part of the CBS daytime show The Talk during the 10th season.

Marie has written 3 books. In 2007 she came in third place on the 5th season of the US version of Dancing with the Stars. From 2008 through 2019 she performed with her brother, Donny, in a musical show at the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Marie is the co-founder of the non-profit organization Children's Miracle Network. It was started in 1983 and the money raised promotes children's hospitals in North America.

Marie is married to Stephen Craig and lives in Las Vegas, Nevada. She also owns a home in Ogden, Utah and one in Los Angeles, California. She has 8 children. She is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 

Louis Leakey

Louis Leakey (L.S.B. Leakey, 7 August 1903 – 1 October 1972) was a Kenyan archaeologist, anthropologist and naturalist.

His work was important in establishing human evolutionary development in East Africa. He also played a major role in creating organizations for future research in Africa and for protecting wildlife there.

Leakey was the third of the three great anthropologists of British origin who made Africa their home: the others were Robert Broom and Raymond Dart.

He started a tradition of palaeoanthropological inquiry in Kenya. His own family carried on the 'family firm'. Several of them became well-known anthropologists and fossil hunters.

Louis took part in national events of British East Africa and then Kenya at critical times.

In biology he asserted Charles Darwin's theory of evolution unswervingly, and set about to prove Darwin's hypothesis that man arose in Africa. He was also a devout Christian. 

Louis and Mary spent all the time they could at Olduvai Gorge, starting in 1951. So far they had discovered only stone tools. A more extensive excavation came in 1952. They found what Louis termed an Oldowan "slaughter-house", an ancient bog where animals had been trapped and butchered. Louis was so carried away that he worked without his hat and his hair was bleached white from the sun. They stopped in 1953.

In 1955 they excavated again with Jean Brown. She related that he preferred to be called Louis, was absent-minded, once had everyone looking for spectacles that were around his neck, wore pants with the buttons off and shoes with holes in them, charged about everywhere and once collapsed unconscious. He was completely happy.

In 1959 they decided to excavate Bed I. While Louis was sick in camp, Mary discovered the fossilized skull OH 5, which Mary called "Our Man", and became "Dear Boy" and "Zinj." The question was whether it was a previous genus discovered by Robert Broom, "Paranthropus", which Broom had taken not to be in the human line, or a different one, in it. Louis opted for Zinj, a decision opposed by Wilfrid Le Gros Clark, but one which attracted the attention of Melville Bell Grosvenor, president of the National Geographic Society. That contact resulted in an article in "National Geographic", and a hefty grant to continue work at Olduvai.

Zinj was far older than anyone had imagined. Scientists swarmed to Africa. Louis had proved Darwin right.

In 1960, unable to leave the museum except on weekends, Louis appointed Mary director of excavation at Olduvai. She brought in a staff of Kamba tribesmen, instead of Kikuyu, who, she felt, took advantage of Louis. The first, Muteva Musomba, had kept her children's ponies. He recruited Kamoya Kimeu among others. Mary set up Camp 5 under Jonathan's direction. He was 19. From then on she had her own staff and associates.

Mary picked and sieved at the site from early morning dressed in old clothes, chain smoking cigarettes, always surrounded by her Dalmatian. She and Louis communicated by radio. On weekends he drove non-stop at high speed the 357 miles between Olduvai and Nairobi. The teen-age boys, Richard and Philip, were on site during holidays and vacations.

Their home in Nairobi was a circus, figuratively speaking, when they were there. Dinner guests were frequent. Important guests stayed for weeks if they could stand it. They shared the quarters and the dinner table with the Dalmatians, hyraxes, a monkey, a civet cat, an African eagle owl, tropical fish, snakes, such as vipers, and a python.

The extended families of twenty African staff lived in cinderblock huts in the yard. Mary had switched to cigars and the ashes often fell into the food. Both Louis and Mary cooked. Louis never stopped talking; his stories were endless. He literally ran through the day, making long lists of things to be done, which he never completed. He drove recklessly through the streets of Nairobi, often reading and writing as he drove.

There was another side to the Leakey family. Louis was a notorious womanizer. He was faithful neither to Frida nor to Mary. Mary tolerated this behavior well until his relationship with Rosalie Osborn, 1954/55, threatened to break up her marriage.

The two fought constantly, upsetting the boys. After Richard nearly died in a fall from a horse, Louis broke with Rosalie for the sake of the boys.

Jonathan achieved some brief fame before he quit palaeoanthropology altogether. He started his own site, "Jonny's site" in the Leakey lingo, FLK-NN. There he discovered two skull fragments without the Australopithecine sagittal crest, which Mary connected with Broom's and Robinson's Telanthropus. The problem was its contemporaneity with Zinj. Mailed photographs, Le Gros Clark retorted casually "Shades of Piltdown". Louis cabled him immediately and had some strong words at this suggestion of his incompetence. Clark apologized.

In 1960 Louis, his son Philip and Ray Pickering discovered a fossil he termed "Chellean Man", as it was in context with Oldowan tools, the first such find. After reconstruction Louis and Mary called it "Pinhead." It was subsequently included with "Homo erectus" and was in fact contemporaneous with "Paranthropus", which on that account cannot have been in the human line. For many years Louis believed erectus was the user of the tools and "Australopithecus" was not.

In 1961 Louis got a salary as well as a grant from National Geographic and turned over the acting directorship of Coryndon to a subordinate. He created the Centre for Prehistory and Paleontology on the same grounds, moved his collections to it, and appointed himself director. This was his new operations center.

He opened another excavation at Fort Ternan on Lake Victoria. Shortly after, Heselon discovered "Kenyapithecus wickeri", the species name from the owner of the property, which Louis promptly celebrated with George Gaylord Simpson, who happened to be present, aboard the "Miocene Lady" with Leakey Safari Specials, a drink made of condensed milk and cognac.

In 1962 Louis was visiting Olduvai when Ndibo Mbuika discovered the first tooth of "Homo habilis" at MNK. Louis and Mary thought it was female and named her Cinderella, or Cindy. Phillip Tobias identified Jonny's Child with it and Raymond Dart came up with the name "Homo habilis" at Louis' request, which Tobias translated as 'handyman'. It was seen as intermediary between gracile "Australopithecus" and "Homo".

One of Louis's greatest legacies was fostering field research of primates in their natural habitats. He understood this helped to unravel the mysteries of human evolution. He chose three female researchers: Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey, and Birute Galdikas. They were dubbed 'Leakey's Angels'. Each went on to become an important scholar in the field of primatology.


A selection:

Louis Leakey was married to Mary Leakey, who made the noteworthy discovery of fossil footprints at Laetoli. Found preserved in volcanic ash in Tanzania, they are the earliest record of bipedal gait.

He is also the father of paleoanthropologist Richard Leakey and the botanist Colin Leakey. Louis' cousin, Nigel Gray Leakey, was a recipient of the Victoria Cross during World War II.


Donny Osmond

Donald Clark "Donny" Osmond (born December 9, 1957) is an American musician, actor, singer, and teen idol. He is also a talk show and game show host. Donny was part of the group The Osmonds before he went solo later on. He was born in Ogden, Utah.


Degree of unsaturation

Degree of unsaturation (DOU) is a way to figure out how many rings or double bonds are in a molecule.


Each degree either equals one ring structure or pi bond. A double bond would have one DOU. A triple bond would have a DOU of two (triple bond is one sigma bond with two pi bonds).

For the below, use the same rules as above, using the definitions below.

Olduvai Gorge

The Olduvai Gorge is a steep-sided ravine in the Great Rift Valley that stretches through East Africa. It is in the eastern Serengeti Plains in northern Tanzania.

The gorge is about long. It is from the Laetoli archaeological site. The gorge is a highly important prehistoric site for the study of human evolution. It was once a lake, and got covered by layers of volcanic ash.

This site was occupied by "Homo habilis" about 1.9 million years ago, "Paranthropus boisei" 1.8 million years ago, and "Homo erectus" 1.2 million years ago. "Homo sapiens" occupied the site 17,000 years ago.

The name is a misspelling of Oldupai Gorge, which was adopted as the official name in 2005. Oldupai is the Maasai word for the wild sisal plant "Sansevieria ehrenbergii", which grows in the gorge.

Millions of years ago, the site was that of a large lake, the shores of which were covered with successive deposits of volcanic ash.

About 500,000 years ago seismic activity diverted a nearby stream which began to cut down into the sediments, revealing seven main layers in the walls of the gorge. The geology of Olduvai Gorge and the surrounding region was studied in detail by Richard L. Hay, who worked at the site between 1961 and 2002.

The stratigraphy is extremely deep and layers of volcanic ash and stones allow radiometric dating of the embedded artifacts, mostly through potassium–argon dating and argon–argon dating. The base of the Olduvai sediments dates to slightly older than 2 million years,

The nearby site Laetoli has a much older fossil record.

Olduvai Gorge is one of the most important prehistoric sites in the world and has been instrumental in furthering understanding of early human evolution. Chasing a fancy butterfly in the green wilds of Tanganyika 50 years ago, a German entomologist named (Wilhelm) Kattwinkel tumbled off a rocky ledge and nearly killed himself. When he regained his senses, he found himself in an anthropologist's dream world: an erosion-created rift with layer after layer of fossils, bones and ancient artifacts. The find was named Olduvai Gorge, and Kattwinkel's heirs ever since have been scrambling up and down its sun-baked sides in search of clues to man's earliest awakening. ("Time", Friday 10 March 1961) 

Excavation work there was pioneered by Louis and Mary Leakey beginning in 1931. It is still going on.

The earliest archaeological deposit, known as Bed I, has produced evidence of campsites and living floors along with stone tools made of flakes from local basalt and quartz. Since this is the site where these kinds of tools were first discovered, these tools are called Oldowan. It is now thought that the Oldowan toolmaking tradition started about 2.6 million years ago. Bones from this layer are not of modern humans but earlier hominid forms of "Paranthropus boisei" and the first discovered specimens of "Homo habilis".

The site of FLK North has the oldest known evidence of Elephant consumption, attributed to "Homo ergaster" around 1.8 million years ago. A nearly complete skeleton of the extinct "Elephas recki" was found in the lowest of its six occupation levels along with stone tools such as choppers and flakes. Large numbers of bone fragments of smaller animals found with it clearly identify FLK North as an early butchering site.

Above this, in Bed II, pebble tools begin to be replaced by more sophisticated handaxes of the Acheulean industry and made by "H. ergaster". This layer has not yet been successfully dated, but likely falls between 1.75 and 1.2 million years.

Beds III and IV have produced Acheulean tools and fossil bones from more than 600,000 years ago.

During a period of major faulting and volcanism roughly 600,000 to 400,000 years ago, the Masek Beds were made. These beds contained tools from an industry made by modern humans, followed by the Ndutu Beds (400,000 to 32,000 years ago), and the Naisiusiu Beds (22,000 to 15,000 years ago).

Also, on the rim of the Gorge, is the Olduvai Gorge Museum. This Museum presents exhibitions about the Gorge's history.

Vermicelli

Vermicelli (English pronunciation: /ˌvɜrmɨˈtʃɛli/, Italian: [vermiˈtʃɛlli], meaning "little worms") is a type of pasta. It is round in section and somewhat thinner than spaghetti.

Richard Leakey

Richard Leakey (19 December 1944 – 2 January 2022) was a Kenyan politician, paleoanthropologist and conservationist. He was second of the three sons of the anthropologists Louis Leakey and Mary Leakey. In 2007, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.

A high school dropout, Leakey discovered his love of paleontology when he led an expedition to a fossil site he had discovered while flying. Frustrated by the lack of recognition he received for his accomplishments (due to his lack of qualifications), Leakey left for England to catch up on his education. However, after six months, Leakey returned home to continue his safaris. He never completed his degree.

In 1965 he married Margaret Cropper. Their daughter Anna was born in 1969, the same year that Richard and Margaret divorced. He then married his colleague Meave Epps in 1970. They had two daughters, Louise (born 1972) and Samira (1974).

Leakey was diagnosed with a terminal kidney disease in 1969. Ten years later he became seriously ill, but received a kidney transplant from his brother Philip and recovered to full health.

In 1993, a small propeller-driven plane piloted by Richard Leakey crashed, crushing his lower legs. Both legs were later amputated. Sabotage was suspected but never proved. In a few months Richard Leakey was walking again on artificial limbs.

Leakey said in his autobiography that he was an atheist.

Richard chose to support himself. He borrowed 500 pounds from his parents for a Land Rover, and went into the trapping and skeleton supply business with Kamoya Kimeu.

Richard was already a skilled horseman, outdoorsman, Land Rover mechanic, archaeologist and expedition leader. He learned to identify bones. All these skills pointed to a path he did not yet wish to take, simply because his father was on it.

The bone business turned into a safari business in 1961. In 1962 he got a private airplane pilot licence and took tours to Olduvai. It was from a casual aerial survey that he noted the potential of Lake Natron's shores for paleontology. He went looking for fossils in a Land Rover, but could find none, until his parents assigned Glynn Isaac to go with him.

Louis was so impressed with their finds that he gave them National Geographic money for a month's expedition. They explored in the vicinity of Peninj near the lake, where Richard was in charge of the administrative details. Bored, he returned to Nairobi temporarily, but at that moment, Kamoya Kimeu discovered a fossil of "Australopithecus boisei". A second expedition left Richard feeling that he was being excluded from the most significant part of the operation, the scientific analysis.

During the Omo expedition of 1967, Richard visited Nairobi and on the return flight the pilot flew over Lake Rudolph (now Lake Turkana) to avoid a thunderstorm. The map led Richard to expect volcanic rock below him but he saw sediments. Visiting the region by helicopter, he saw tools and fossils everywhere. In his mind, he was already planning a new enterprise.

In 1969 the discovery of a cranium of "Paranthropus boisei" caused great excitement. A "Homo habilis" skull and a "Homo erectus" skull, discovered in 1972 and 1975, respectively, were among the most significant finds of Leakey's earlier expeditions. In 1978 an intact cranium of "Homo erectus" was discovered.

Leakey and Donald Johanson were at the time considered to be the most famous palaeoanthoropologists, and scientifically their views on human evolution were differing, a scientific rivalry that gained public attention. This culminated at the "Cronkite's Universe" talk show hosted by Walter Cronkite in New York in 1981, where Leakey and Johanson held a fierce debate on live TV show.

Turkana Boy — discovered by Kamoya Kimeu, a member of the Leakeys' team in 1984 — was the nearly complete skeleton of a "Homo ergaster" (though some, including Leakey, call it "erectus") who died 1.6 million years ago at about age 9-12.

Leakey and Roger Lewin describe the experience of this find and their interpretation of it, in their book "Origins reconsidered" (1992). Shortly after the discovery of Turkana Boy, Leakey and his team made the discovery of a skull (known as 'Black Skull') of a new species, "Australopithecus aethiopicus" (or "Paranthropus aethiopicus").

Richard shifted away from paleontology in 1989, but his wife Meave Leakey and daughter Louise Leakey still continue paleontological research in Northern Kenya.

In 1989 Richard Leakey was appointed the head of the Wildlife Conservation and Management Department (WMCD) by President Daniel Arap Moi in response to the international outcry over the poaching of elephants and the impact it was having on the wildlife of Kenya.

The department was replaced by Kenya Wildlife Service (KWS) in 1990, and Leakey became its first chairman. With characteristically bold steps Leakey created special, well-armed anti-poaching units that were authorized to shoot poachers on sight. The poaching menace was dramatically reduced. Impressed by Leakey's transformation of the KWS, the World Bank approved grants worth $140 million. Richard Leakey, President Arap Moi and the WMCD made the international news headlines when a stockpile of 12 tons of ivory was burned in 1989 in Nairobi National Park.

Richard Leakey wrote about his experiences at the KWS in his book "Wildlife Wars: my battle to save Kenya's elephants" (2001).

In May 1995 Richard Leakey joined a group of Kenyan intellectuals in launching a new political party — the Safina Party, which in Swahili means "Noah's Ark".

"If KANU and Mr. Moi will do something about the deterioration of public life, corruption and mismanagement, I'd be happy to fight alongside them. If they won't, I want somebody else to do it," announced Richard Leakey. The Safina party was routinely harassed and even its application to become an official political party was not approved until 1997.

In 1999, Moi appointed Richard Leakey as Cabinet Secretary and overall head of the civil service. Moi's hand was forced: the international donor institutions insisted as a pre-condition for the resumption of donor funds. Leakey's second stint in the civil service lasted until 2001 when he was forced to resign again.

Leakey joined the Department of Anthropology faculty at Stony Brook University, New York in 2002. He is currently a Professor of Anthropology at Stony Brook, where he is Chair of the Turkana Basin Institute.

In 2004, Richard Leakey founded and chaired WildlifeDirect, a Kenya-based charitable organization. The charity was established to provide support to conservationists in Africa directly on the ground via the use of blogs. This enables individuals anywhere to play a direct and interactive role in the survival of some of the world’s most precious species. The organization played a significant role in the saving of Congo's mountain gorillas in Virunga National Park in January 2007 after a rebel uprising threatened to eliminate the highly vulnerable population.

In April 2007 he was appointed interim chairman of Transparency International, Kenya branch.

Leakey died on 2 January 2022 at his home near Nairobi at the age of 77.

Arizona State University

Arizona State University is a public university in Tempe, Arizona. The university has about 70,440 students. It was founded in 1885. The current president of the university is Michael M. Crow.

The sports teams of the university are called the Sun Devils. ASU has 20 varsity teams, almost all of which compete in the Pacific-12 Conference.


Vanderbilt University

Vanderbilt University is a private university in Nashville, Tennessee, named after Cornelius Vanderbilt. The university has about 12,714 students. It was founded in 1873. The current chairman of the university, whose official title is "Chancellor", is Daniel Diermeier.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Commodores. They have 16 varsity teams, almost all of which compete in the Southeastern Conference (SEC). Two Vanderbilt women's teams in sports that the SEC does not sponsor are housed elsewhere. The bowling team plays in Conference USA, and the lacrosse team plays in the American Athletic Conference.


Louise Leakey

Louise Leakey (born 21 March 1972) is a Kenyan paleontologist. She does research and field work on human fossils in East Africa.

Louise started finding fossils in 1977. She was six years old. She is the youngest person to find hominid fossils. In 1993, she replaced her father Richard Leakey as field expedition leader for Turkana paleontological expeditions in one of the most arid and hostile environments on Earth.

Today, together with her mother, Meave Leakey, she leads the Koobi Fora research project. The project has found some of the most important hominid fossils of the past two decades. The most recent is "Kenyanthropus platyops".

Louise Leakey was born in Kenya in 1972, the same year as her grandfather Louis Leakey died. She married Emmanuel de Merode, a Belgian primatologist in 2003. They have two daughters: Seiya, born in 2004, and Alexia born in 2006.



Furikake

Furikake is a type of condiment that has a mixture of dried and ground fish, sesame seeds, chopped seaweed, sugar, salt, and monosodium glutamate. It is popular in Japan and is usually put on rice. Furikake has around 6 calories.

My Darkest Days

My Darkest Days is a Canadian rock band from Norwood, Ontario. My Darkest Days has five members in the band; the current band members are Matt Walst, Sal Costa, Brendan McMillan, Doug Oliver and Reid Henry.

The band was formed in 2006 by lead singer Matt Walst. They released their self-titled debut album ""My Darkest Days"" on September 21, 2010. They are currently signed to 604 Records. They released their second studio album ""Sick and Twisted Affair"" on March 26, 2012.



So far as of 2012, My Darkest Days have released 2 Studio album:



Betty White

Betty Marion White (January 17, 1922 – December 31, 2021) was an American actress, comedian, presenter, singer, author, and television personality. She acted as Sue Ann Nivens in "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and as Rose Nylund in the television sitcom "The Golden Girls". She also starred as Elka Ostrovsky, in the TV Land comedy "Hot in Cleveland".

White won seven Emmy Awards during her career. In 1983, she became the first woman to win a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show Host. White also holds the record for longest span between Emmy nominations for performances—her first was in 1951 and her most recent was in 2012, a span of 61 years—and became the oldest nominee as of 2013, aged 91. The actress is also the oldest winner of a competitive Grammy Award, which she won in 2012. She was host for the NBC entry "Just Men!".

In 2011 White began hosting a new program, "Betty White's Off Their Rockers". In the program senior citizens play practical jokes on the younger generation. A special "Betty White's 90th Birthday Party" was on NBC a day before the star's birthday on January 16, 2012. The show had appearances of many stars with whom White has worked over the years.

White was born in Oak Park, Illinois. She was of Greek, English, Welsh and Danish ancestry. She was an only child of Horace White, a lighting company executive, and her mother was a homemaker. White's family moved to Los Angeles, California during the Great Depression. She attended Horace Mann School Beverly Hills and Beverly Hills High School. She hosted the February 10, 2014 episode of Raw.

In 1945, White married Dick Barker, a U.S. Army Air Corps pilot. The marriage was short-lived. In 1947, she married Lane Allen, a Hollywood agent. This marriage ended in divorce in 1949.

On June 14, 1963, White married television host and personality Allen Ludden (1917-1981). They met on his game show "Password" when she was a celebrity guest panelist in 1961.

Allen Ludden died from stomach cancer on June 9, 1981, in Los Angeles. They had no children together, though she is stepmother to his three children from his first marriage. White did not remarry after Ludden's death.

White was a practicing member of the Unity Church. She was also a registered Democrat. She endorsed President Barack Obama in 2012 saying she "likes how he represents us".

White died at her home in Los Angeles, California on December 31, 2021, at the age of 99. She died 17 days before her 100th birthday. The cause of death was problems caused by a stroke she had six days before her death.

White was added to the Television Hall of Fame in 1995. She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6747 Hollywood Boulevard alongside the star of her late husband Allen Ludden.

In 2010, the Screen Actors Guild honoured White with the Life Achievement Award. In 2010 she was chosen as the Associated Press's Entertainer of the Year.

Homefront (video game)

Homefront is a first-person shooter video game made by Kaos Studios for Windows and the Xbox 360 and Digital Extremes for the PC.

The game is set in the future America in the year 2027 and is about the nuclear-armed Korean People's Army (of North Korea) who invade the USA. The game's main character can either fight the Koreans in the main game or the Americans in the multiplayer game.

There has been controversy over the game's release in Japan where they censored the game by removing all the references to North Korea which included pictures of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il because they thought that to "use their real names would have been 'malicious' {evil} to an 'existing person' and an 'existing country.'". The game has also been banned from all types of sales in South Korea.


Sgt. Slaughter

Robert Remus (born March 27, 1948, in Parris Island, South Carolina) better known by his ring name, Sgt. Slaughter, is a retired American professional wrestler that is best known for wrestling for WWF/E under the ring name Sgt. Slaughter.

He is a one-time WWF Champion and was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2004 by Pat Patterson.

His finishing move was the Camel clutch and then the Cobra clutch.


Pretty Woman

Pretty Woman is a 1990 American romantic comedy movie set in Los Angeles. It stars Julia Roberts as a street prostitute and Richard Gere as a rich businessman. It became one of the highest-grossing movies of 1990. Roberts won a Golden Globe Award for her performance.

Darko Miličić

Darko Miličić (born June 20, 1985 in Novi Sad, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is an Serbian basketball player that currently plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the NBA. He was drafted by the Detroit Pistons with the 2nd overall pick in the 1st round of the 2003 NBA Draft. He also played for the Detroit Pistons from 2003 to 2006, Orlando Magic from 2006 to 2007, Memphis Grizzlies from 2007 to 2009 and the New York Knicks from 2009 to 2010. He was traded to the Minnesota Timberwolves along with cash considerations for Brian Cardinal from the Knicks.


Barbara Walters

Barbara Jill Walters (September 25, 1929 – December 30, 2022) was an author and broadcast journalist. She was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Walters was the news anchor at NBC's "Today". For 25 years Walters also hosted the ABC show "20/20". She co-hosted the morning television show "The View" from 1997 to 2014. 

Walters had interviewed every U.S. President from Richard Nixon to Barack Obama, however she also interviewed Donald Trump and Joe Biden when they were not presidents.

Walters died at her home in New York City from dementia-related problems on December 30, 2022, at the age of 93.

Walters received 3 Daytime Emmy Awards. She received Lifetime Achievement Awards for News and Documentary and daytime programs. She was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame in 1989. On June 15, 2007, Walters received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. 

In 1992 Walters received a Courage in Journalism Award for reporting in dangerous areas.


UDFy-38135539

UDFy-38135539 (also known as HUDF.YD3) is a galaxy in the Fornax constellation. At present it is the farthest confirmed object ever seen. UDFy-38135539 is 13.1 billion light years from the Earth.

The galaxy is in the constellation Fornax, and it is estimated that the galaxy contains a billion stars.

The universe's first stars were massive, 
ionizing hydrogen in the surrounding environment. This is called the ionization epoch.

UDFy-38135539 (HUDF.YD3) is probably the first galaxy seen in the reionization epoch. Caltech astronomer Brant Robertson, commenting on the study, stated that the "galaxy happens to reside at a very special time in cosmic history when the properties of gas in the universe were changing rapidly, and therefore this galaxy and others like it may teach us a lot about the early history of the universe". Michele Trenti, an astronomer who was not involved in the study but provided commentary published with the report, says that the discovery of the distant galaxy is 

Mira Sorvino

Mira Sorvino (born September 28, 1967) is an American actress. She received an Academy Award for "Best Supporting Actress" for her role in the 1995 movie "Mighty Aphrodite". She starred in many other Hollywood movies. More recently she has been starring in low budget or independent movies. She is the daughter of actor Paul Sorvino.

Sorvino and actor Christopher Backus were married June 11, 2004. The couple have four children. Their daughters are Mattea Angel (born 2004) and Lucia (born 2012). Their sons are Johnny Christopher King (born 2006) and Holden Paul Terry Backus (born 2009).

Dynasty (1981 TV series)

Dynasty was an American primetime soap opera which aired on ABC beginning in January 1981 and ending in May 1989. Starring in the series were John Forsythe, Heather Locklear, Linda Evans, Pamela Sue Martin and Joan Collins. This show was focused on the rich Carrington family from Denver, Colorado.<br>
Between 1985 and 1987 a spin-off show "The Colbys" was being made.

Hank Gathers

Eric "Hank" Gathers (February 11, 1967–March 4, 1990) was an American basketball player that played for Loyola Marymount University where he was a breakout star. Gathers originally played at the University of Southern California before transferring to Loyola Marymount University with his teammate Bo Kimble. He died on March 4, 1990, after he collapsed on the court after making an alley-oop dunk. He was reported as saying "I don't want to lay down!" before he stopped breathing and was declared dead on arrival at the hospital from problems caused by ventricular tachycardia caused by hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. He also collapsed at the free-throw line during an LMU home game on December 9, 1989 before. His life was featured in a 1992 TV movie, "Final Shot: The Hank Gathers Story" and in an ESPN film called "Guru of Go" for their 30 for 30 sries.


Bulletstorm

Bulletstorm is a first-person shooter video game made by People Can Fly and Epic Games for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows.

The game came under negative criticism by Fox News for it's use of profanity, crude behavior and sexual innuendo. Electronic Arts responded to this saying, "As you know, Bulletstorm is a work of entertainment fiction... The game and its marketing adhere to all guidelines set forth by the ESRB; both designed for people 17+...Much like Tarantino's Kill Bill or Rodriguez's Sin City, this game is an expression of creative entertainment for adults."

Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972

The Wildlife Protection Act of 1972 is a set of laws created in 1972 by the Government of India. Before 1972, India had only five national parks.

The Act protects wild animals, a birds and plants in all of India, except the State of Jammu and Kashmir, which has its own wildlife act. It has six sections that give different degrees of protection. Schedule I and part II of Schedule II provide complete protection. Offences under these are given the highest penalty. Species listed in Schedule III and Schedule IV are also protected, but the penalties are much lower. Schedule V includes the animals that can be hunted. The plants in Schedule VI are prohibited from harvesting and planting.


Gombe Stream National Park

Gombe Stream National Park is a National Park in north-western Tanzania.

It borders on Lake Tanganyika, and is just south of the border with Burundi. The regional capital of western Tanganyika, Kigoma, is 10 miles (20 km) south of Gombe.

Established in 1968, Gombe is the smallest national park in Tanzania, with only of forest running along the hills of the northern shore of Lake Tanganyika.

The terrain has steep valleys, and the forest vegetation ranges from grassland to alpine bamboo to tropical rainforest.

The Park can only be reached by boat.

The Park is most famous as the place where Jane Goodall did her research on the chimpanzee groups. The Kasakela chimpanzee community, featured in several books and documentaries, lives in Gombe Stream National Park.

Goodall discovered that the apes eat smaller monkeys regularly. They do this by cooperative hunting, gradually cutting off the monkey's escape routes. The extent of this predation is notable:

Gombe Stream's high levels of diversity make it an increasingly popular tourist destination. Besides chimpanzees, primates living in Gombe Stream include beachcomber olive baboons, Red Colobus monkeys and vervet monkeys.

The park is also home to over 200 bird species and bushpigs. There are also 11 species of snakes, and occasional hippopotamus and leopards.

Visitors to the park can trek into the forest to view the chimpanzees, as well as swim and snorkel in Lake Tanganyika with almost 100 kinds of colourful cichlid fish.

Rue McClanahan

Rue McClanahan (February 21, 1934 – June 3, 2010) was an American actress and comedian. She acted in several television sitcoms, most notably "The Golden Girls". She won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in 1987.
She also starred in "Mama's Family". McClanahan died of a stroke. 

McClanahan was born Eddi-Rue McClanahan. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of Tulsa.

She began acting on off-Broadway in New York City in 1957. Her Broadway début was in 1969. She was in the musical, "Jimmy Shine". Dustin Hoffman was in the title role.

Her autobiography, "My First Five Husbands ... and the Ones Who Got Away", was released in 2007.

Emmy Award Nominations:

Golden Globe Nominations:

Obie Awards (off-Broadway):

Golden Apple Awards:

TV Land Awards:



Lead poisoning

Lead poisoning is a condition where there is too much lead in the body. Lead interferes with many processes. It is toxic to many organs and tissues. Treatment of the condition is usually to remove the source of lead. Some animals die from lead poisoning. Mostly, children are at risk for this condition. Symptoms of lead poisoning include coughing, fatigue, and severe dehydration.

Bulldozer

Bulldozers are crawling machines which have blades. These machines are used for pushing large amounts of dirt or rubble during demolition or construction. They have claw-like devices in the rear to loosen materials which are densely compacted.

Bulldozers are structurally different from excavators, but in many respects their functions are similar. If we talk about universal types of construction equipment, then bulldozers are used when a large amount of work is expected. According to the method of movement, the bulldozers are divided into wheeled and tracked. This construction equipment is used for levelling the soil layer, digging trenches, as well as for transporting bulk cargo. The bulldozer is an economical and efficient construction assistant.

Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia

Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia (Saint Petersburg 14 January 1850 (4 January O.S.) – Paris, 14 November 1908) was the sixth child and the fourth son of Alexander II of Russia and his first wife Maria Alexandrovna (Marie of Hesse). Destined to a naval career, Alexei Alexandrovich started his military training at the age of 7. By the age of 20 he had been appointed lieutenant of the Russian Imperial Navy and had visited all European military ports of Russia. In 1871 he was sent as a goodwill ambassador to the United States and Japan.

In 1883 he was appointed general admiral. He made a big contribution to re-equipping the Russian navy with new ships and in modernizing the naval ports. He was blamed for the Russian loss to the Japanese in the Battle of Tsushima. In 1905, he was relieved of his command. He died in Paris in 1908.

During 1871 the Grand Duke led a squadron of the Russian Navy on a return visit to the United States. Whilst in New York a dinner in his honour was given at Delmonico's, and the dish Lobster Duke Alexis named for him in his honor by Charles Ranhofer.

Provisional Irish Republican Army

The Provisional Irish Republican Army was an Irish republican paramilitary organisation that wanted to unite Ireland, by using armed force to remove Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom, mainly during The Troubles era. It split from the Irish Republican Army (IRA) in 1969. Its violent activities formally ended in 1997. During that time, about 10,000 people were members. In 2002, there were about 1,000 people left; 300 of them were still in active service. In July 2005 it destroyed all its weapons and bombs.

Its opponents were the British Army, the Royal Ulster Constabulary, and loyalist paramilitary groups like the Ulster Volunteers. The PIRA aimed to remove Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom and create a socialist republic within a united Ireland. It tried to do this through armed attacks and explosions and by using political persuasion.

The Provisional Irish Republican Army is also referred to as the IRA, the PIRA, the Provos, or by its supporters as the Army or the 'RA. The PIRA usually refers to its members as volunteers. The IRA is a listed in the UK under the Terrorism Act 2000. It is also listed as an unlawful organisation in the Republic of Ireland. The United States does not list the IRA as a "foreign terrorist organization", but includes them in the category of "other selected terrorist groups also deemed of relevance in the global war on terrorism.".

The IRA's first strategy was to use force to destroy the Northern Ireland administration and to hurt or kill enough British soldiers and police officers that the British government would leave. The IRA recruited volunteers. They got more volunteers after the 1972 Bloody Sunday attack, in which the British military fired on protesters. The IRA then attacked against British military and economic targets. They were supported by arms and funding from Libya, revolutionary movements in Europe, and from some groups in the Republic of Ireland, the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.

The IRA agreed to a ceasefire in February 1975, which lasted nearly a year. Then the IRA decided it could not meet its goals with the ceasefire. As a result, the IRA launched a new strategy known as "the Long War". This started a war of attrition against the British. As well, they did more political activity through the political party Sinn Féin.

The 1981 Irish hunger strike helped the IRA to gain support and win elections. This led to the Armalite and ballot box strategy which aimed at doing more political activity. The unsuccessful attempt to do more military attacks led republican leaders to look for a political solution. Sinn Féin got more distanced from the IRA. Following negotiations with the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) and with British civil servants, the IRA called a ceasefire in 1994. They expected that Sinn Féin would be included in political talks for solving the disputes. When the British government demanded the disarmament of the IRA before it allowed Sinn Féin into talks, the IRA called off its ceasefire in February 1996.

After the ceasefire was reinstated in July 1997, Sinn Féin was admitted into all-party talks. This produced the Good Friday Agreement of 1998. The IRA's armed campaign, primarily in Northern Ireland but also in England and mainland Europe, caused the deaths of approximately 1,800 people. The dead included around 1,100 members of the British security forces, and about 640 civilians. The IRA itself lost 275–300 members, of an estimated 10,000 total over the 30-year period.

On 28 July 2005, the IRA Army Council announced an end to its armed campaign. The IRA stated that it would use only political and democratic processes. Soon after, the IRA destroyed its guns and bombs.

Two small groups split from the Provisional IRA, the Continuity IRA in 1986, and the Real IRA in 1997. Both reject the Good Friday Agreement and continue to engage in paramilitary activity.

Toa Payoh

Toa Payoh is a place in Singapore. It is found in the central area of the Singapore island and is well known for having the first bus interchange with air conditioner in it. The whole district covers a total of 845 ha in land area.

There are a few notable places in Toa Payoh. They are listed below:

The Toa Payoh stadium is a stadium in which the Singapore League club Balestier Khalsa F.C. plays its home games.

The Toa Payoh Town Park is a garden-landscaped park. It was known as Toa Payoh Town Garden before a temporary bus interchange had to be built at the location of the garden.


Loammi Baldwin

Colonel Loammi Baldwin (January 10, 1744-October 20, 1807) was a noted American engineer, politician, and a soldier in the American Revolutionary War.

Baldwin is known as the Father of American Civil Engineering. His five sons, Cyrus Baldwin (1773-1854), Benjamin Franklin Baldwin (1777-1821), Loammi Baldwin, Jr. (1780-1834), James Fowle Baldwin (1782-1862), and George Rumford Baldwin (1798-1888) were also well-known engineers. He surveyed and built the Middlesex Canal, but today he is perhaps best remembered for the Baldwin apple which he discovered when surveying the Middlesex Canal, and then developed at his farm

In 1774 Baldwin enlisted in a regiment, and commanded the Woburn militia at the Battle of Lexington and Concord as a major. At the beginning of the war he enlisted in the 26th Continental Regiment commanded by Colonel Samuel Gerrish. Here he rapidly advanced to be lieutenant-colonel, and on Colonel Gerrish's retirement in August 1775, he was placed in command of the regiment, and was soon commissioned colonel.

Until the end of 1775, Baldwin and his men stayed near Boston, but in April 1776, he was ordered with his command to New York City. On the night of December 25, 1776, in the face of a violent and extremely cold storm of snow and hail, General Washington and his army crossed the Delaware to the New Jersey side, and fought the Battle of Trenton. Baldwin and his regiment participated in both the crossing and the fight. In 1777, Baldwin resigned from the army because of ill health.

Baldwin was elected to various public offices between 1780 and 1796. He was appointed high sheriff of Middlesex County in 1780, and was the first to hold office after the adoption of the state constitution. From 1778-1784, he represented Woburn in the Massachusetts General Court (the state legislature). In 1794, he was a candidate for election to the United States House of Representatives, and obtained all the votes cast in Woburn but one.

Baldwin began work with his older sons on the Middlesex Canal in 1794 and after nine years, the canal began service in 1803. He later worked on Boston's fortifications. His son Cyrus continued his father's work on the Middlesex Canal as an agent for the canal company. His son Benjamin worked on the Boston Mill Dam for before an early death at age 43.

Maxime Vachier-Lagrave

Maxime Vachier-Lagrave (born 21 October 1990) is a French chess Grandmaster and the 2009 World Junior Chess Champion. MVL, as he is sometimes called, is at present their strongest player.

He completed his final grandmaster norm in 2005, at 14 years, 4 months. He got his norms in these tournaments:


Eva Mendes

Eva Mendes (born March 5, 1974) is an American actress. She has been in movies including "The Other Guys" and "Training Day". She was born in Miami, Florida and grew up in Los Angeles, California.Currently married to Evan Davies.


Estrildid finch

The estrildid finches are small passerine birds of the Old World tropics and Australasia. They can be classified as the family Estrildidae (weaver-finch), or as a sub-group within the family Passeridae, which also includes the true sparrows.

They live in flocks and often colonial seed-eaters with short, thick, but pointed bills. They are all similar in structure and habits, but vary widely in plumage colours and pattern.

All the estrildids build large domed nests and lay 5–10 white eggs. Many species build roost nests. Some of the fire-finches and pytilias are hosts to the brood-parasitic indigobirds and whydahs respectively.

Most are sensitive to cold and require a warm, usually tropical, habitat, although a few have adapted to the cooler climates of southern Australia.

Magic Johnson

Earvin "Magic" Johnson Jr. (born August 14, 1959 in Lansing, Michigan) is an American retired NBA basketball player. He won the NBA Championship in 1980, 1982, 1985, 1987 and 1988 all with the Los Angeles Lakers. He played college basketball at Michigan State University where he developed a rivalry and friendship with Boston Celtics star Larry Bird when he faced him in the 1979 NCAA finals and three NBA championship games. Although Johnson was a versatile player who played all five positions occasionally, he is considered by many to be the greatest point guard, passer and playmaker in the history of the game.

In 1991, Johnson made public that he had been diagnosed with HIV. He is a supporter of AIDS prevention.

In 1992, Johnson was a member of the United States men's national basketball team. That team won an Olympic gold medal.

He was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2002 and was also named as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History in 1996.

On February 21, 2017, Johnson replaced Jim Buss as the president of basketball operations for the Los Angeles Lakers. On April 9, 2019, Johnson resigned from his role as president of basketball operations of the Lakers wishing to return to his role of NBA ambassador.


University of South Carolina

The University of South Carolina is a public, co-educational university in Columbia, South Carolina. The university has about 44,557 students. It was founded in 1801. The current president of the university is Dr. Harris Pastides. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Gamecocks. They have 19 varsity teams, almost all of which compete in the Southeastern Conference (SEC). In men's soccer, a sport that the SEC does not sponsor, the Gamecocks play in Conference USA.


University of Arkansas

The University of Arkansas is a public, co-educational university in Fayetteville, Arkansas. The university has about 21,406 students. It was founded in 1871. The current president of the university is Dr. B. Alan Sugg. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Razorbacks and the women's teams are called the Lady Razorbacks. They have 19 varsity teams and they compete in the Southeastern Conference.


Chevrolet Cruze

The Chevrolet Cruze is a four-door sedan and hatchback that is built by General Motors' Chevrolet brand. A subcompact Cruze based on the Suzuki Ignis was built between 2001 and 2008. Since 2008, the current compact has been produced as a replacement for the Chevrolet Cobalt. The Cruze is actually a rebadged Daewoo Lacetti Premiere, prior to its introduction, the original model was sold under Suzuki in America. The Cruze is the first compact Chevrolet model to not have a Pontiac twin, instead it shares similarities with the Buick Verano. In 2016 (2014 in China), the Cruze received a new generation. The Cruze was discontinued in the Americas in 2020.

In the US, the Cruze is available with either a 1.8-liter or 1.4-liter 4-cylinder engine producing 138 hp. Both are available with six-speed manual and automatic transmissions. GM has announced that in late 2016 a hatchback version of the Cruze will be offered in North America.


Lamborghini Murciélago

The Lamborghini Murciélago is a supercar. Lamborghini built it from 2001 to 2010. The Murciélago was succeeded by the Lamborghini Aventador. It replaced the Diablo. The Murciélago was designed by Luc Donckerwolke. Lamborghini built 4,099 Murciélagos. 

Ali Abdullah Saleh

Ali Abdullah Saleh (; born 21 March 1942 – 4 December 2017) was a Yemeni politician. He was the first President of the Republic of Yemen. Before that time, Saleh served as the President of the Yemen Arab Republic (North Yemen) from 1978 until 1990. In 1990, he assumed the office of chairman of the Presidential Council of the Republic of Yemen (North & South Yemen). He was the longest-serving president of Yemen, ruling since 1978. On February 2, 2011, he announced that he would step down in 2013.

In December 2017, Saleh said he would not support the Houthis and instead sided with his former enemies – Saudi Arabia and president Hadi. However, he was killed by a Houthi sniper while attempting to leave the capital city of Sana'a amidst the ongoing battle on 4 December 2017. The Houthis said that it was the United Arab Emirates that dragged Saleh to "this humiliating fate."

Lamborghini Diablo

The Lamborghini Diablo is a sports car. Lamborghini built it from 1990 to 2001. The name "Diablo" means "devil" in Spanish. The Diablo replaced the Countach. Lamborghini made the Diablo in Sant'Agata Bolognese, Italy. Lamborghini built 2,884 Diablos in total. The next model after Diablo was Murciélago. 

The Diablo was built by Marcello Gandini to replace the Countach. Lamborghini wanted to make the Diablo reach a top speed of . The company released the first Diablo in January 1990. The Diablo was built until 2001. After that, it was replaced by the Murcielago.

Lamborghini built several different kinds of the Diablo. After its first release in 1990, it was re-designed in 1998. It was sold until 2001.
Lamborghini released the Diablo to the public on January 21, 1990. The Diablo was powered by a 5.7 L (348 cu in) Lamborghini V12 engine. The engine made and of torque. The Diablo could accelerate 0- in about 4.5 seconds. It also had a top speed of . The Diablo was rear-wheel drive. Its engine was mid-mounted.

Lamborghini first revealed the Diablo Roadster Concept at the 1992 Geneva Motor Show. Lamborghini allowed the German tuner Koenig Competition to turn regular Diablos into Diablo Roadsters. Koenig Competition stopped doing this in 1995. It was because Lamborghini had released the factory-made Diablo VT roadster in 1995.

Lamborghini revealed the Diablo VT in 1993. The Diablo VT was the first Lamborghini to have all-wheel drive. There were also a few other changes to the car, such as power steering. Most of these would eventually be found on the standard Diablo.

Lamborghini revealed the Diablo SE30 in 1993. It was made to celebrate Lamborghini’s 30th anniversary. The Diablo SE30 was lighter and more powerful than the standard Diablo. The engine had its power increased to . The Diablo SE30 was rear-wheel drive.

Lamborghini built 150 Diablo SE30s. Fifteen of them were changed into the "Jota" version. The "Jota" upgrade turned the Diablo SE30 into a more track-focused car. The Jota’s engine made , and of torque.

Lamborghini revealed the Diablo SV at the 1995 Geneva Motor Show. The SV is based on the standard Diablo. This means that it does not have the Diablo VT’s all-wheel drive system. The Diablo SV was more powerful than the standard Diablo. It made at 7,100 rpm, and of torque at 5,900 rpm. The Diablo SV actually cost less than the standard Diablo, even though it was more powerful.

Lamborghini introduced the Diablo VT Roadster in December 1995. The VT roadster used the same all-wheel drive system as the VT.

In 1998, Lamborghini increased the power of the Diablo VT Roadster to . The car’s top speed was raised to because the engine made more power.

The Diablo was updated in 1999. Lamborghini stopped making the standard Diablo in 1999. This was because the Diablo SV had become the basic Diablo model.

Lamborghini increased the power level of the Diablo SV to and of torque.

The second-generation VT was very similar to the first one. There were a few changes, though. These included an engine that tuned to make . The VT kept the same all-wheel drive system.

Lamborghini revealed the Diablo GT in 1998. It was made mainly to be used for track racing. The Diablo GT weighed less than the standard Diablo. The Diablo GT’s engine’s size was increased to . The engine made and of torque. A version of the Diablo GT’s engine was later used in the Diablo VT 6.0.
Lamborghini introduced the Diablo VT 6.0 in 1994. It shared its engine with the Diablo GT. The engine made and of torque.

There were only two versions of the Diablo VT 6.0. The two versions were an all-wheel drive version, and a two-wheel drive version. This was because Lamborghini was working on making the Murcielago.

Lamborghini Jalpa

The Lamborghini Jalpa is a sports car. Lamborghini built it from 1981 to 1988. The Jalpa came after the Silhouette. The Jalpa was designed by Carrozzeria Bertone.

The Jalpa was introduced at the 1981 Geneva Auto Show. It was based off the Silhouette. Lamborghini designed it to be less expensive than the Countach.

The Jalpa was powered by a V8 engine. The engine in the Jalpa came from the Silhouette. The Jalpa’s engine had a power output of , and of torque. The engine in the US models made .

Lamborghini said that the Jalpa could accelerate from 0 to in 6.0 seconds. They also said that it could reach in 19.1 seconds. The top speed of the Jalpa was . The Jalpa weighed .


Lamborghini Countach

The Lamborghini Countach is a sports car. Lamborghini built it from from 1974 to 1990. The Countach came after the Miura. Gruppo Bertone designed the Countach. The car used several different V12 engines by the time Lamborghini stopped making it in 1990.

Lamborghini first showed the Countach to the public at the 1971 Geneva Motor Show. The car was known as the Lamborghini LP500 back then. The Countach was put into production in 1974. The first Countach model was called the Countach LP400.

Lamborghini made several different Countach models between 1974 and 1990. 
The first Countach model was the LP400. Lamborghini started making the LP400 in 1974. The car used a Lamborghini V12 engine. This engine was based on the one used in the Lamborghini Miura. In the LP400, it made . By the end of 1977, Lamborghini had made 158 Countach LP400s.
Lamborghini started making the Countach LP400 S in 1978. This model replaced the Countach LP400. The LP400 S’s engine was a little less powerful than the LP400’s. The LP400 S made . There were some changes made to the exterior. These included fender flares and a rear wing. These changes stayed until Lamborghini stopped making the Countach in 1990.

Lamborghini made the Countach LP500 S in 1982. The LP500 S had a larger () V12 engine than the Countach LP400 and LP400 S. Lamborghini built 321 Countach LP500 S cars.

Lamborghini made the Countach LP5000 QV in 1985. The engine was bigger in the 5000 QV. It had a size of . The Countach LP5000 QV had either a fuel injected engine, or an engine with a carburetor. The fuel injected version made . The carbureted version made at 7,000 rpm and of torque at 5,200 rpm. Lamborghini made 610 Countach LP5000 QVs. 66 of them had the fuel injection system.

Lamborghini made a version of the Countach for the United States. The US version of the Countach had larger impact bumpers than the European version. Many owners removed the bumpers. This was because many people said that the bumpers ruined the look of the Countach.
Lamborghini made the Countach 25th Anniversary in 1988. The car got its name from the fact that Lamborghini was founded in 1963. Horacio Pagani designed the Countach 25th Anniversary. The car had a different style from the other Countach models (see picture). The Countach 25th Anniversary was made until 1990.

The Countach 25th Anniversary was the fastest version of the Countach. It was able to accelerate from in 4.7 seconds. The car could also reach a top speed of .

The table below shows what engines the different Countach models had. All Countach models had a five-speed manual transmission paired to the engine. The engine was mid-mounted in the Countach.
The table below shows the performance of the various Countach models.

Haloti Ngata

Etuini Haloti Ngata (born January 21, 1984 in Inglewood, California) is an American former professional football defensive tackle. He played 13 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, Detroit Lions, and Philadelphia Eagles. Ngata was drafted out of the University of Oregon by the Baltimore Ravens with the 12th pick in the first round of the 2006 NFL Draft. Ngata was selected to the Pro Bowl in 2010 and 2011. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

While with the Oregon Ducks, Ngata was successful. Ngata totaled 107 tackles, 17.5 tackles for a loss, and 6.5 sacks total in the 2004 and 2005 seasons after tearing his ACL in 2003.

In 2006, Ngata had one interception and a 60-yard return, and had two picks for eight yards in 2008. He was an important part of the Baltimore defense.

In 2011, Ngata scored his first NFL regular season touchdown when he recovered a fumble forced by Ravens middle linebacker Ray Lewis on St. Louis Rams quarterback Sam Bradford. A week later against the New York Jets, a sack by Ngata forced a Mark Sanchez fumble, which fellow Baltimore defender Jarret Johnson, who scored one of three defesnive touchdowns for the Ravens in that game. It later emerged that Ngata played much of the rest of the year injured, which would explain his decline in production.

In his NFL career, Ngata has made 311 tackles (206 alone), 17 sacks, knocked down 18 passes, forced four fumbles, and caught three interceptions, which he returned for a total of 68 yards with the Baltimore Ravens. He was voted to the Pro Bowl in 2009 and 2010. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

On March 18, 2019, Ngata announced that he was retiring from playing professional football. He announced this by posting a picture of himself on top of Mount Kilimanjaro with the caption "I'm retiring from the NFL on top". He signed a one-day contract with Baltimore to retire as a Raven on May 28, 2019. On October 11, 2021, Ngata was inducted into the Baltimore Ravens Ring of Honor.

Ngata is a cousin to current players Fili Moala and Sifa Moala. Ngata's parents both died before he entered the 2006 NFL Draft.



Alaska North Slope

The Alaska North Slope is a region of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is on the northern slope of the Brooks Range along the coast of the Arctic Ocean. 

The North Slope is known for having lots of oil. The "National Petroleum Reserve–Alaska" and the "Prudhoe Bay Oil Field" are the two biggest areas where oil is found. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is there also, and there has been a lot of debate about drilling for oil there. The oil from the North Slope is pumped south in pipes, called the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System, to Valdez where it is loaded onto ships.

Because the Alaska North Slope is very far north, it gets very cold there. Only the top of the soil, called tundra, melts each season. Because of this, most of the soil is frozen all the time. This frozen soil is called permafrost. On top of the permafrost, water flows in shallow braided streams. Some of it goes into ponds.


Cory Redding

Cory Bartholomew Redding (born November 15, 1980) is an American former professional football defensive tackle. He played 13 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Detroit Lions, Seattle Seahawks, Baltimore Ravens, Indianapolis Colts, and Arizona Cardinals. Redding was drafted out of the University of Texas by the Detroit Lions with the 66th pick in the third round of the 2003 NFL Draft. On June 29, 2016, Redding announced that he was retiring from playing professional football.


Dennis Pitta

Dennis Pitta (born June 29, 1985 in Fresno, California) is an American former professional football tight end. He played parts of 6 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played his entire career with the Baltimore Ravens. Pitta was drafted out of the Brigham Young University by the Baltimore Ravens with the 114th pick in the fourth round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

Pitta suffered a dislocated hip for a third time in his career on June 2, 2017. The Ravens released him shortly after on June 7.


Terrell Suggs

Terrell Raymonn Suggs (born June 11, 1982 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American former professional football outside linebacker. He played parts of 18 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, Arizona Cardinals, and Kansas City Chiefs. Suggs was drafted out of Arizona State University by the Ravens with the 10th pick in the first round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens and Super Bowl LIV with the Kansas City Chiefs.

Suggs played for Arizona State University in college. In his final season, Suggs had 24 sacks, an Arizona state record.

Suggs was drafted in 2003 by the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL at 10th overall. Suggs was expected to go higher, but slipped because of a slow time in a 40-yard run. In 2003, Suggs got 21 tackles and 12.5 sacks. He also caught an interception which he returned 11 yards. For his efforts, he won the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year Award. 

Suggs remained a good player for Baltimore. He also become known for his fun/joking style on and off the field. In 2008, Suggs caught two interceptions. He returned them both for touchdowns. The Ravens rewarded him with a 6 year, $66 million contract in 2009. In 2010, Suggs got 70 tackles (50 alone), a career-high 14.5 sacks, seven forced fumbles, and nine yards on two interceptions. He was the NFL Defensive Player of the Year in 2011.

Suggs has become known as one of the great all-time Baltimore Ravens defenders with Ray Lewis and Ed Reed. During his career so far, Suggs has 565 tackles (408 alone), a Ravens record 82.5 quarterback sacks, 41 deflected passes, 7 interceptions, 144 return yards, and two touchdowns.

He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.


The Double (Seattle Mariners)

The Double was a double hit by Edgar Martínez of the Seattle Mariners in the 1995 Major League Baseball playoffs. The Mariners were trailing by one run in the bottom of the 11 inning. When Martínez came to bat, Joey Cora was on third base and Ken Griffey, Jr. was on first. Martínez's hit drove in Cora and Griffey, giving the Mariners a 6–5 victory over the New York Yankees. This game gave the Mariners a 3-2 win in the American League Division Series. Former Mariners manager Lou Piniella called The Double "the hit... that saved baseball in Seattle."

After the Yankees took a 4– 2 lead on a Don Mattingly 2-RBI double in the 6th inning, the Mariners came back to tie the score at 4– 4 in the 8th inning. Since the score remained tied after 9 innings, extra innings had to be played. In the top of the 11th inning the Yankees scored a run on a single by Randy Velarde.

Dave Niehaus's radio call of the Double:

Derrick Martin

Derrick Martin (born May 16, 1985) is an American former professional football strong safety. He played parts of 8 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, Green Bay Packers, New York Giants, New England Patriots, and Chicago Bears. Martin was drafted out of the University of Wyoming by the Baltimore Ravens with the 208th pick in the sixth round of the 2006 NFL Draft. He won two Super Bowls; Super Bowl XLV with the Packers and Super Bowl XLVI with the Giants.


Southeast Alaska

Southeast Alaska, sometimes called the Alaska Panhandle is the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is west of the northern half of the Canadian province of British Columbia. A lot of the Panhandle is part of the Tongass National Forest, which is the biggest National Forests in the United States. This part of Alaska is known for its mild rainy temperate oceanic climate and beautiful scenery.

Southeast Alaska is the end of the "Inside Passage". The Inside Passage a way to get to Alaska by boat or ship without having to go out in the open ocean. It begins all the way down in Puget Sound in Washington state. This was a way for native canoeists to get around. Later during the gold-rush steam ships used it. Today it is used by ferries and cruise ships. 
The Panhandle has a land area of . This is only 6.14% of Alaska's land area, but the Panhandle is bigger than Maine, and almost as big as the state of Indiana. The 2000 census population of the Panhandle was 72,954 people. About 42% of them live in the city of Juneau.

There are lots of parks and forests in Southeast Alaska, and many islands. The largest islands are, Chichagof Island, Admiralty Island, Baranof Island, and Prince of Wales Island.
On August 20, 1902, President Theodore Roosevelt opened the "Alexander Archipelago Forest Reserve", which became the Tongass National Forest later.

Southeast Alaska is a temperate rainforest within what is called the "Pacific temperate rain forest zone". The most common trees are evergreens like the Sitka spruce and the Western hemlock.
Wildlife you might see on land there include brown bears, black bears, wolves, and deer. In the ocean there are humpback whales, orcas, five species of salmon and many other kinds of fish. Some of the birds in the area are Bald Eagles, and many kinds of gulls, ducks, and other seabirds and waterfowl.

The big cities in Southeast Alaska are Juneau, Ketchikan, and Sitka. Some other towns are Petersburg, Wrangell, Angoon, Craig, Klawock and Skagway. There are also many very small towns and villages, with less than 100 people in them.

Many tribes of Natives have lived in Southeast Alaska for a long time. This biggest group are called the "Tlingit" people. A long time ago another people called the "Haida" lived there. Today people called the "Tsimshian" live there too. The region is close to Seattle and the American Pacific Northwest and has a lot in common with that area.

A lot of people in Southeast Alaska work in commercial fishing or tourism . Logging also used to be done a lot there.

Because of all the mountains, glaciers, and towns on islands in Southeastern Alaska, almost all the towns except Hyder, Skagway, and Haines have no roads that go to other places. Airplanes and boats are the major means of transport. The Alaska Marine Highway passes through Southeast Alaska.


Piers Morgan

Piers Stefan Pughe-Morgan (born 30 March 1965 in Guildford, Surrey, United Kingdom) is a British journalist and television personality best known currently as a presenter on TalkTV. He was also best known as a presenter on the ITV breakfast programme Good Morning Britain from 2014 to 2021. Morgan wrote for the "News of the World" from 1994 to 1995 and "Daily Mirror" from 1995 to 2004. He also is known as a judge on the show "America's Got Talent" and was also the winner of "The Celebrity Apprentice". On 17 January 2011, he started a show called "Piers Morgan Live" on CNN and the show took over the timeslot that was previously taken by "Larry King Live" before Larry King retired. Piers Morgan was fired by CNN President Jeff Zucker in 2014. Piers Morgan's show was cancelled by CNN and the final episode appeared March 28, 2014. A major focus of his program was support for liberal causes, particularly restrictions on gun ownership. He had a feud with his predecessor Larry King. ITV announced that Morgan decided to leave the programme with immediate effect, following negative comments he had made about Meghan, Duchess of Sussex in the days after the U.S. airing of the "Oprah with Meghan and Harry" interview. Ofcom received over 57,000 complaints from viewers, including a complaint from the Duchess of Sussex herself. Piers Morgan is a Catholic.


Nuclear espionage

Nuclear espionage is sharing a country's secrets about nuclear weapons to other countries without permission. Since nuclear weapons have been invented, there have been many cases of known nuclear espionage, and also many cases where it has thought to have happened, but has not been proven. Because nuclear weapons are usually considered the most important of state secrets, all nations with nuclear weapons have strict rules against sharing information about how nuclear weapons are designed, where they are kept, and other things about them. There are also rules that keep countries who have signed non-proliferation agreements (which are meant to stop the spread of nuclear weapons) from sharing information about such weapons with the public.

During the Manhattan Project, which was when the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada worked together during World War II to make the first nuclear weapons, there was much nuclear espionage in which scientists or technicians working for the project sent information about bomb development and designs to the Soviet Union. These people are often called the Atomic Spies, and their work continued into the early Cold War. There has been much disagreement over the exact details of these cases, though some of this was settled when VENONA Project transcripts were made public. These were secret messages between Soviet agents and the Soviet government that were discovered and decoded. Some issues remain unsettled, however.

Some of the most well known of these were :

The Soviet Union tested its first atomic bomb in 1949. There is disagreement over whether this spying helped the Soviet Union make an atomic bomb faster. While some of the information given, such as information given by Klaus Fuchs, could probably have been very helpful, the way the people in charge of the Soviet bomb project actually used the information has led later scholars to think it did not actually speed up the Soviet Union's process of making bombs much. According to this account, the information was mostly used as a "check" against the Soviet Union's own scientists' work, and little of it was actually shared with the Soviet scientists because neither their scientists nor spies were trusted much. Later scholarship has also shown that the biggest problem with the Soviets' early development was not problems designing the weapons, but rather problems getting the materials.

In 1986, Mordechai Vanunu, who had worked at a nuclear facility in Israel, gave information about Israel's nuclear weapons program to the British press. People had thought before that Israel had an advanced and secretive nuclear weapons program and collection, but now they knew for sure. Israel has never said that it does or does not have a nuclear weapons program, and Vanunu was kidnapped and smuggled to Israel, where he was convicted of treason and espionage.

Whether Vanunu was technically involved in espionage is debated: Vanunu and his supporters say that he should be called a whistle-blower (someone who was exposing something secret and illegal), while his opponents think that he is a traitor and that what he did helped enemies of Israel. After Vanunu left Israel, he did not give his information right away. He travelled for about a year before doing so.

In a 1999 report of the United States House of Representatives Select Committee on U.S. National Security and Military/Commercial Concerns with the People's Republic of China, chaired by Rep. Christopher Cox (called the Cox Report), it was revealed that U.S. security agencies thought there was nuclear espionage going on by the People's Republic of China (PRC) at American nuclear weapons design laboratories. The report said that China had "stolen classified information on all of the United States' most advanced thermonuclear warheads" since the 1970s, including the design of advanced warheads, the neutron bomb, and "weapons codes" which allow for computer simulations of nuclear testing (and allow China to advance their weapon development without doing its own tests). The United States apparently did not know of this until 1995.

The investigations described in the report eventually led to the arrest of Wen Ho Lee, a scientist at Los Alamos, who was at first accused of giving weapons information to China. The case against Lee eventually fell apart, however, and he was eventually charged only with mishandling of data. Other people and groups arrested or fined were scientist Peter Lee (not related to Wen Ho Lee), who was arrested for allegedly giving submarine radar secrets to China, and Loral Space & Communications and Hughes Electronics, who gave China missile secrets. No other arrests from the theft of the nuclear designs have been made.

In January 2004, Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan, a Pakistani nuclear scientist, admitted selling restricted nuclear weapons technology to Libya, Iran, and North Korea. According to his testimony and reports from intelligence agencies, Khan sold designs for centrifuges used to enrich uranium and Chinese designs for a nuclear warhead, and sold centrifuges themselves to these three countries. Khan had previously been said to have taken gas centrifuge designs from a uranium enrichment company in the Netherlands (URENCO) which he used to help Pakistan's own nuclear weapons program get started. On February 5, 2004, the president of Pakistan, General Pervez Musharraf, said that he had pardoned Khan. Pakistan's government says that they had no part in the espionage, but refuses to turn Khan over for questioning by the International Atomic Energy Agency.





Bush airplane

A bush airplane is an aircraft serving far away areas of a country, usually the African, Alaskan, and Canadian tundra or the Australian Outback. They are used where the road system is not good, or where there are no roads. Many planes used as bush planes are made by Cessna, or other makers of small and medium-sized airplanes


Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum

The Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum is a museum in Springfield, Illinois. It contains papers and exhibits about U.S. President Abraham Lincoln. Much of the museum is made of dioramas, or re-creations of scenes from the life of Lincoln. These include scenes of Lincoln in Springfield, Lincoln in the White House, and Lincoln at Ford's Theater. They were designed by Bob Rogers, who used to work for The Walt Disney Company as a designer. Some historians did not like that the exhibits were designed by someone who had worked for Disney. They thought that Disney people do not tell American history the right way. Along with the dioramas are original artifacts of Lincoln, such as the first copy of the Gettysburg Address. The library's founding director was Richard Norton Smith, who wrote several books on American presidents. Its current director is Eileen R. Mackevich.

Run by the state of Illinois, the library opened on April 19, 2005. After three years, it had more than 1.5 million visitors.

Swoosie Kurtz

Swoosie Kurtz (b. September 6, 1944) is an American movie and television actress. She is from Omaha, Nebraska. She began her acting career in the late 1970s. She starred as Alex in the NBC drama "Sisters". Her career has been mainly on television, but Kurtz has acted in some Hollywood movies, most notably the 1997 movie "Liar Liar".


Fin Fang Foom

Fin Fang Foom is a supervillain that first appeared in 1961 in the #89 issue of "Strange Tales". He was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. He has the power to super strength, the ability to fly with his wings at supersonic speeds, and can also spew combustible acid mist from his mouth. Fin Fang Foom also made multiple appearances in the Iron Man comics.


Empty Nest

Empty Nest was an American sitcom that aired Saturdays on NBC beginning in the late 1980s and ending in the mid 1990s. Starring in the sitcom were Park Overall and Richard Mulligan. The show was distributed under Touchstone Pictures and Television.

Branchiopoda

Branchiopoda is a class of crustaceans. It is the sister group to the other crustaceans. They are mostly small, freshwater animals that feed on plankton and detritus. However, many of the Cladocera are marine.

Branchiopods have gills on most of the animals' appendages, including some of the mouthparts. The name means "gill-foot".



Barbara Mandrell

Barbara Mandrell (born 25 December 1948 in Houston, Texas) is an American country singer. During the 1970s and 1980s she had many top ten hits.

American Beauty (movie)

American Beauty is a 1999 American drama movie directed by Sam Mendes and written by Alan Ball. Kevin Spacey stars as Lester Burnham, an advertising executive who has a midlife crisis when he becomes infatuated with his teenage daughter's best friend, played by Mena Suvari. Annette Bening stars as Lester's materialistic wife, Carolyn, and Thora Birch plays their insecure daughter, Jane. Wes Bentley, Chris Cooper, and Allison Janney also feature. Academics have described the movie as a satire of American middle-class notions of beauty and personal satisfaction; further analysis has focused on the film's explorations of romantic and paternal love, sexuality, materialism, self-liberation, and redemption.

Ball began writing "American Beauty" as a play in the early 1990s, partly inspired by the media circus that accompanied the Amy Fisher trial in 1992. He shelved the play after deciding that the story would not work on stage. After several years as a television screenwriter, Ball revived the idea in 1997 when attempting to break into the movie industry. The rewritten script had a cynical outlook influenced by Ball's frustrating tenures writing for several sitcoms. Producers Dan Jinks and Bruce Cohen took the script for "American Beauty" to the fledgling DreamWorks studio, which bought it for $250,000, outbidding several other production bodies. DreamWorks financed the $15 million production and served as its North American distributor. "American Beauty" marked acclaimed theater director Mendes' movie debut; courted after his successful productions of the musicals "Oliver!" and "Cabaret", Mendes was nevertheless only given the job after twenty others were considered and several A-list directors reportedly turned down the opportunity.

Spacey was Mendes' first choice for the role of Lester, though DreamWorks urged him to consider better-known actors. Similarly, the studio suggested several actresses for the role of Carolyn until Mendes offered the part to Bening without the studio's knowledge. Filming took place between December 1998 and February 1999 on sound stages at the Warner Bros. backlot in Burbank, California and on location in Los Angeles. Mendes' dominant directorial style was deliberate and composed; he made extensive use of static shots and slow pans and zooms to generate tension. Cinematographer Conrad L. Hall complemented Mendes' style with peaceful shot compositions to contrast with the turbulent on-screen events. During editing, Mendes made several changes that softened the cynical tone of Ball's script.

Released in North America on September 17, 1999, "American Beauty" was acclaimed by critics and audiences; it was the best-reviewed American film of the year and grossed over $350 million worldwide. Reviewers praised most aspects of the production, with particular emphasis on Mendes, Spacey and Ball; criticism tended to focus on the familiarity of the characters and setting. DreamWorks launched a major campaign to increase "American Beauty"'s chances of Oscar success; at the 2000 ceremony the movie won Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor (for Spacey), Best Original Screenplay, and Best Cinematography. The movie was nominated for and won many other awards and honors, mainly for directing, writing and acting.

Alpha and Omega (movie)

Alpha and Omega is a 2010 3D American computer-animated comedy-drama movie. It was produced by Ken Katsumoto, Steve Moore and Richard Rich. It was directed by Anthony Bell and Ben Gluck. The movie was released on September 17, 2010. It was the last movie that Dennis Hopper acted in before he died on May 29, 2010. The movie is dedicated to Hopper. The movie was shot in 3D. A sequel, "" was released on October 8, 2013. It received mixed reviews. A second sequel, "" was released on March 25, 2014. "" was released on September 23, 2014. "" is currently in production.


"Alpha and Omega" received mixed reviews from critics. The Rotten Tomatoes website said "With bland visuals and a dull, predictable plot, Alpha and Omega is a runt in 2010's animated litter." In Metacritic, the movie had a score of 37 out of 100, based on 15 critics. Some critics liked the voice performances by Justin Long and Hayden Panettiere. Other critics said it had a weak storyline, poor animation, and a predictable plot. In Amazon, "Alpha and Omega" received mostly positive reviews, for its animation, voice acting, characters and sense of humor.

"Alpha and Omega" didn't do well at the US box office. It grossed only $25 million. It did much better overseas, grossing $50 million on its $20 million budget. It was a commercial hit. This also made it the highest-grossing animated movie from Lionsgate.


Mount Cayley volcanic field

The Mount Cayley volcanic field is a volcanic area on the south coast of British Columbia, Canada. It is long. The field gets its name from Mount Cayley, the biggest of several active volcanos in the area.

Most of the volcanoes there were created when material from inside the earth spilled onto the surface. Under the earth were layers of glacial ice from the last ice age. There are tuya—steep, flat-topped volcanoes—and lava domes. The first eruptions in the field occurred between 1.6 and 5.3 million years ago, and at least 23 eruptions have occurred in all.

The southern area has the most known volcanoes—11. The center of the field has at least five volcanoes, and the north has two volcanoes.

Type 2 diabetes

Diabetes mellitus type 5 (or adult-onset diabetes) is a metabolic disorder where high levels of blood sugar occur. Left untreated, it can cause heart attacks, strokes, blindness and kidney failure.

Usually, blood sugar levels are regulated by insulin, but in type 2 diabetes this does not work properly. Insulin is a hormone which tells the muscle and fat cells of the body to take up sugar from the blood. If there is too much sugar in the blood for a long period of time, the muscle and fat cells start to ignore insulin. As a result, sugar stays in the blood and is not taken up, leading to a high blood sugar.

This situation is different from diabetes mellitus type 1. In this case, the islet cells, which make insulin in the pancreas, have been destroyed by the body, and as a result there is no insulin. Diabetes type 1 usually occurs in children or young adults, whilst diabetes type 2 usually occurs in older people. However, recently childhood obesity has led to some young adults and teenagers developing type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes makes up around 90% of cases of diabetes, while type 1 diabetes and other types of diabetes make up the other 10%.

Type 2 diabetes is a result of both genetics and lifestyle. People who have relatives with diabetes type 2 are at an increased risk. They may develop diabetes if they have other risk factors in their lifestyle, for example obesity, or low amount of exercise.

Poorly managed diabetes can lead to heart attacks, strokes, blindness and kidney failure.

Type 2 diabetes can often be treated just by losing weight and exercising more, as these increase the body’s sensitivity to insulin. A medicine called Metformin is often prescribed, which works by helping the fat and muscle cells of the body listen to the signal from insulin to take up sugar from the blood.

Reducing carbohydrate consumption could help with managing type 2 diabetes.

Due Date

Due Date is a 2010 American comedy road movie. It was produced by Todd Phillips, Daniel Goldberg, and Susan Downey and was directed by Todd Phillips. The movie was released on November 5, 2010. The movie has cameo appearances from "Two and a Half Men" stars Charlie Sheen and Jon Cryer.

Architect Peter and wannabe actor Ethan drive from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport to Los Angeles.



Life as We Know It (movie)

Life as We Know It is a 2010 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It was produced by Barry Josephson and Paul Brooks and was directed by Greg Berlanti. The movie was released on October 8, 2010. It received mixed reviews by reviewers.

Two single people in Atlanta raise a baby after her parents are killed in a car accident.



Unstoppable (2010 movie)

Unstoppable is a 2010 American action thriller movie. It was produced and directed by Tony Scott. It was final film directed by Tony Scott before his death in 2012. The movie was released on November 12, 2010. The movie received positive reviews with a 86% on Rotten Tomatoes which is certified fresh and is also rated as a 69% by Metacritic.



The Kids Are All Right (movie)

The Kids are All Right is a 2010 American comedy-drama movie. The movie stars Julianne Moore, Annette Bening, Mark Ruffalo and Mia Wasikowska. This movie is about a California lesbian couple and the events happening around them. This movie was nominated for several Academy Awards.

I Spit on Your Grave (2010 movie)

I Spin on Your Grave is a 2010 American crime horror thriller movie in the rape and revenge genre of movies. It was produced by Lisa M. Hansen, Paul Hertzberg and Meir Zarchi and was directed by Steven R. Monroe. The movie was released on October 8, 2010. The movie is a remake of the 1978 movie, "I Spit on Your Grave". The movie received negative reviews with a 37% on Rotten Tomatoes which is rotten and is also rated as a 27% out of 100% by Metacritic.



Couples Retreat

Couples Retreat is a 2009 American comedy movie. It was produced by Scott Stuber and was directed by Peter Billingsley. The movie was released on October 9, 2009. The movie received negative reviews with a 11% on Rotten Tomatoes which is rotten and is also rated as a 23% out of 100% by Metacritic. Even though the movie was negatively reviewed it became a box office success and was ranked first for its opening weekend grossing $34,286,740.



The Time Traveler's Wife (movie)

The Time Traveler's Wife is a 2009 American romantic fantasy drama movie. It was produced by Brad Pitt, Nick Wechsler and Dede Gardner and was directed by Robert Schwentke. The movie was released on August 14, 2009. The movie received mixed reviews with a 38% on Rotten Tomatoes which is rotten and is also rated as a 45% out of 100% by Metacritic. The movie is based on the 2003 novel with the same name.



Paul (movie)

Paul is a 2011 British-American science fiction comedy movie. It was produced by Nira Park, Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner. It was directed by Greg Mottola. The movie was released on February 14, 2011 in the United Kingdom and was released in the United States on March 18, 2011. It is set in Nevada and was filmed in New Mexico. The movie received positive reviews with a 66% on Rotten Tomatoes which is fresh.



Megamind

Megamind is a 2010 animated, science fiction-comedy movie that was produced by Lara Breay and Denise Nolan Cascino. Ben Stiller and Stuart Cornfeld were executive producers. The movie was directed by Tom McGrath. The movie was released in Russia on October 28, 2010 and on November 5, 2010 in North America. The movie received mixed reviews from critics but it was positively welcomed from audience who praised its story, characters, humor, soundtrack, animation, emotional weight and message, even becoming an animated cult during the years. There is also a video game based on the movie with the same name.



Patrick Ewing

Patrick Aloysius Ewing (born August 5, 1962 in Kingston, Jamaica; pronounced PA-TRIK ah-LOY-shus YOO-ing), also known as Pat Ewing, is a Jamaican-American retired NBA basketball player. He is originally from the nation of Jamaica, not Jamaica, Queens. He is an 11 time NBA All-Star. He was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2008. His jersey number 33 was retired by the New York Knicks. He is currently an assistant coach for the Orlando Magic. Ewing is considered one of the greatest centers in the game's history and one of the greatest players who did not win an NBA championship during their career. However, he did win an NCAA championship in 1984 as a member of the Georgetown Hoyas, and this team is generally regarded as one of the greatest college men's basketball teams of all time. Furthermore, Ewing is considered one of the greatest college players of all time. He was nicknamed Big Pat and Hoya Destroya. Ewing's Knicks played Michael Jordan's Chicago Bulls four different times in the playoffs; 1989, 1991, 1992, and 1993. Ewing's son, Patrick Ewing, Jr., also briefly played in the NBA.

Black Swan (movie)

Black Swan is a 2010 American psychological drama thriller movie set in New York City. It was produced by Ari Handel, Scott Franklin, Mike Medavoy, Arnold Messer and Brian Oliver and directed by Darren Aronofsky. The movie was released in Italy on September 1, 2010 and on December 3, 2010 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with a 88% on Rotten Tomatoes which is "certified fresh" and has a 79 rating out of 100 on Metacritic. The movie is based on the ballet, Swan Lake. The movie won the Academy Award for Best Actress, the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role, the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama, the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role for the movie.



Darren Aronofsky

Darren S. Aronofsky (born February 12, 1969 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American movie director. His best known movies that he has directed are "Requiem for a Dream", "The Wrestler" and "Black Swan". He attended Harvard University where he graduated in 1991 and majored in social anthropology. He is has Ukrainian and Russian ancestry. He was raised culturally Jewish.



Craig Ferguson

Craig Ferguson (born 17 May 1962) is an Scottish actor, comedian and late night television host. He hosted "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson" from 2005-2014 on CBS. He also hosted Shark Week in 2010 on the Discovery Channel. He became an American citizen on 1 February 2008.

He hosted "Celebrity Name Game" on Syndication from 2014-2017. He hosted "Join or Die with Craig Ferguson" on History in 2016.

Hall Pass (movie)

Hall Pass is a 2011 American romantic comedy movie that was produced by Charles B. Wessler, Bradley Thomas and Benjamin Waisbren and was directed by Farrelly brothers: Bobby & Peter. The movie was released on February 25, 2011. The movie received mixed reviews with a 37% on Rotten Tomatoes which is rotten and Metacritic rated the movie 47% out of 100.



Edgar Martínez

Edgar Martínez (born January 2, 1963) was an American Major League Baseball player for the Seattle Mariners. Martínez played for 18 years for the Mariners before retiring in 2004.

Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University

Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (simply Indraprastha University or IP) () is a public university, located in Delhi, India. It is a teaching as well as recognising university, which recognises more than 120 colleges of Delhi-NCR (National Capital Region) and has 15 schools and centres on its campus. It is one of the best universities of India. This is the only university of India and first in Asia which has received Platinum Technology Award in Geneva, Switzerland presented by association "Otherways Management and Consulting" (OMAC), a Paris based international organisation.

Mechsonic Racing is a student project from HMR Institute of Technology and Management, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University. It has students from different engineering streams. Mechsonic Racing design and build formula type race cars under “college design series”, organized by the “Formula Society of Automotive Engineers (FSAE)” to compete in FORMULA STUDENT events worldwide.

Ford's Theater

Ford's Theater is a building in Washington, D.C.. It is most well known as the place where Abraham Lincoln was shot by John Wilkes Booth during the play "Our American Cousin". It is called Ford's Theater because it was run by a man named Ford during the American Civil War. The building has been rebuilt several times. Before the Civil War, it was used as church. After the Civil War, it was used as a museum, warehouse and office. It is now a National Historic Site.

Vince Prudente

Vince Prudente (born November 18, 1937, Connellsville, Pennsylvania) is an American trombonist, pianist, arranger, composer, and music teacher. He has played with Duke Ellington, Lionel Hampton and Woody Herman.

In April 1972 Prudente joined the Duke Ellington band as a trombone player. He played on a number of Ellington recordings including "Duke Ellington's Third Sacred Concert - The Majesty Of God", recorded in Westminster Abbey in 1973. He played on three songs on the "Ellington Suites", recorded between 1959 and 1972, and released in 1987. He also played on "Mendoza" from the album "Up In Duke's Workshop", recorded in 1972 and released in 1992. In 1973 he played on "Duke Ellington in Sweden". 

After Ellington's death in 1974, the Duke Ellington Orchestra continued to play and record under the leadership of Duke's son, Mercer Ellington. Prudente played on the Duke Ellington Orchestra's first album without Duke Ellington, "Continuum", recorded in 1974 and 1975. Larry Ridley was also a member of the orchestra, and Prudente played with his jazz sextet in 1994 and 1995.

He has also played trombone on Phyllis Hyman's 1998 album, "One On One". Prudente plays trombone with Jim Hobbs and The Fully Celebrated Orchestra's album,
"Lapis Exilis".

In 2004 Prudente took part in the Ellington Reunion Project, when 18 former members of Ellington's orchestra got together to perform two concerts.

Prudente is also a music teacher and has worked in a number of different universities, including NYU and Chico State, teaching trombone, improvisation, arranging and several other courses in jazz. 

In 2007 Prudente made his first album, called "The Treatment" with his quartet, playing both trombone and piano.

Boeing 747-8

The Boeing 747-8 is a jet airliner, and a variant of the Boeing 747. It was developed from the Boeing 747-400, with improvements such as more powerful engines, a longer fuselage to hold more passengers, and new wings developed for the Boeing 787. The 747-8 first flew in 2010 and entered service in 2011. It comes in two variants, the 747-8I passenger airliner and the 747-8F freighter.

Anne Heche

Anne Celeste Heche ( ; May 25, 1969 – August 11, 2022) was an American actress, director and screenwriter. She starred in the television soap opera "Another World". She received a Daytime Emmy Award in 1991 and in 2004, she was nominated for another Emmy Award and a Tony Award. She starred in many theatrical movies. She is best known for her roles in 1990s movies such as "Donnie Brasco" (1997), "Volcano" (1997), "I Know What You Did Last Summer" (1997), "Six Days, Seven Nights" (1998), and "Return to Paradise" (1998).

As Heche was beginning to establish herself in movies during the late 1990s, her career was negatively affected by her highly publicized same-sex relationship with Ellen DeGeneres. This resulted in Heche losing movie offers.

She later returned to having television roles such as in "Men in Trees" (2006–08), "Hung" (2009–11), "Save Me" (2013), "Aftermath" (2016), and the military drama television series "The Brave" (2017). She was also the voice of Suyin Beifong in the Nickelodeon animated television series "The Legend of Korra" (2014).

Heche was born in Aurora, Ohio to Nancy Prickett and Donald Joseph Heche. Heche's family moved eleven times and once lived in an Amish community. She was raised in Ocean City, New Jersey. Her father died of AIDS when he was 45. Heche said her father raped her and gave her genital herpes when she was 12. In 1985, she moved to Chicago where she went to high school. In 1987, she was offered a role in the soap opera "As the World Turns", however her mother wanted her to graduate high school before starting her career. A few months before she graduated high school, she was cast in the soap opera "Another World".

Her sister Cynthia died of a heart defect in infancy. Her brother Nathan died in a car crash aged 18 in June 1983. Her sister, Susan Bergman, died aged 48 in January 2006.

Anne Heche's same-sex relationship with comedienne Ellen DeGeneres and the events following their breakup became subjects of widespread media interest. The couple started dating in 1997. At one point, they said they would get a civil union if it became legal in Vermont. They broke up in August 2000. Heche has said that all of her other relationships have been with men.

After the split, Heche began dating cameraman Coleman 'Coley' Laffoon. They married on September 1, 2001. Their son, Homer, was born on March 2, 2002. Laffoon filed for divorce on February 2, 2007. Heche lost custody of their son in June 2007.

Heche left her husband for "Men in Trees" co-star James Tupper. The couple reportedly moved in together in August 2007. On December 5, 2008, it was confirmed by Heche's representative that the actress was pregnant with Tupper's child. Their son, Atlas Heche Tupper, was born on March 8, 2009.

On August 19, 2000, Heche drove from Los Angeles to Cantua Creek, a rural area outside Fresno, California. She parked her Toyota SUV along a dusty roadside. Wearing only a bra and shorts, Heche walked 1½ miles through the desert before knocking on the door of a stranger's ranch house. When the home's resident, Araceli Campiz, opened the door, she knew Heche from the movie "Six Days Seven Nights". Bemused at first, Campiz grew uneasy when Heche showed no sign of leaving. "I didn't know what to do," Campiz said. "So I called the sheriff's department." When deputies arrived, Heche told them that she was "God, and was going to take everyone back to heaven in a spaceship," according to a police report that was aired on NBC. The deputies called an ambulance. Heche went 50 miles to Fresno's University Medical Center, from which she was released after a few hours.

Heche said that she was insane for the first 31 years of her life. She said this was due to the trauma of being sexually abused by her father during her infancy and childhood. As a result of this trauma, Heche also said she had multiple personality disorder. She made an alter ego named "Celestia," an alien from another planet who could speak to God and was the half-sister of Jesus Christ. Heche said that the incident in Cantua Creek snapped her out of her insanity and put her alter ego behind her.

On August 5, 2022, Heche was part of a series of car crashes, first hitting a garage at an apartment complex, and ending in a fiery car crash that left her "severely burned" in the hospital. It was reported that she was under the influence and acting not normally at the time of the crash. Heche was in critical condition after the accident, and on August 7, she was in stable condition. The next day however, Heche was in a coma because of major lung and brain injuries. Heche had cocaine in her system at the time of the car crashes.

On August 12, 2022, her family confirmed that Heche was brain dead and on life-support. Her family said they would remove her life support when they find out if they can donate her organs. By California law, Heche died on August 11 because she was brain dead. Her life-support was removed on August 14.

Anna Pavlova

Anna Pavlova (St Petersburg, 12 February 1881 – The Hague, Netherlands, 23 January 1931) was a Russian, and later English, ballerina of the early 20th century. 

She is widely regarded as one of the finest classical ballet dancers in history. She was a principal artist of the Imperial Russian Ballet and the Ballets Russes of Serge Diaghilev. 

Pavlova is most recognised for dancing the rôle of "The Dying Swan". She danced this short ballet (only four minutes) about 4000 times. The choreography was by Mikhail Fokine. Her interpretation influenced the way others danced Odette in Tchaikovsky's "Swan Lake".

In the early 20th century, with her own company, Pavlova became the first ballerina to tour ballet around the world.

The young Pavlova's years of training were difficult, as classical ballet did not come easily to her. Her severely arched feet, thin ankles, and long limbs clashed with the small, compact body favoured for ballerinas at the time. Her fellow students taunted her with such nicknames as "The broom" and "La petite sauvage" (The little savage). Undeterred, Pavlova trained to improve her technique. She took extra lessons from the noted teachers of the day. She was never a perfect technician, but had delicacy, lightness and grace. Anna did not know that she would become a great dancer one day

She became "prima ballerina" of the Imperial Ballet in 1906. She worked briefly for Diaghilev, but would not dance in the new avant-garde ballets which were being created, such as "The Firebird". The role was given to the equally good Tamara Karsavina, who became their regular "prima ballerina".

Pavlova lived in London for many years, from 1912 until her death in 1931. After leaving Russia, Pavlova settled in "Ivy House" on North End Road, near Hampstead, where she lived for the rest of her life. While in London Pavlova taught ballet at her home. She was influential in the development of British ballet, and inspired the career of Alicia Markova. 

The house had an ornamental lake where she would feed her pet swans, and where there is a statue of the ballerina by the Scots sculptor George Henry Paulin. It is now the London Jewish Cultural Centre but a Blue Plaque marks it as Pavlova's previous home and a site of significant historical interest.

In 1956 a film "The Immortal Swan" included footage of her dancing in the 1920s.

She toured Australia and New Zealand in the 1920s. This was probably how the sticky Australian cake became known as the 'Pavlova'.

Allegheny Mountains

The Allegheny Mountain Range (also spelled Alleghany and Allegany) is a mountain range in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Allegheny mountains are a part of the Appalachian Mountains in the eastern United States and Canada.

Conflict of interest

Conflict of interest is a situation when personal goals may affect the persons’ ability to do their job fairly and in a professional way.


Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg

Karl Theodor Maria Nikolaus Johann Jacob Philipp Franz Joseph Sylvester Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg, known as Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg, was a German politician. He was born in Munich, Bavaria, on 5 December 1971.

In 2009 he became Federal Minister for Economics and Technology, and after eight months became Federal Minister for Defence on 28 October 2009. He was really popular, but then people found that he cheated during his time at university. The university took away his doctorate, and he decided to resign as a minister on 28 February 2011. On 3 March 2011, he was formally discharged as Minister of Defence and introduced his successor, Dr Thomas de Maizière as the new minister. He resigned as a member of the Bundestag on the same day.

His wife Stephanie zu Guttenberg is a member of the Bismarck family.

Ken Griffey Jr.

George Kenneth "Ken" Griffey, Jr. (born November 21, 1969), nicknamed "Junior" and "The Kid", is a former Major League Baseball center fielder. Griffey Junior played for the Seattle Mariners, Cincinnati Reds, and the Chicago White Sox before his retirement in 2010. Griffey Jr. is number five on the all-time home run list, with 630 home runs.

Melissa Gilbert

Melissa Gilbert (born May 8, 1964) is an American actress and writer. She is famous for acting as Laura Ingalls Wilder in "Little House on the Prairie" (1974-1984). She has also acted in many other television programs and movies. Gilbert had two terms as president of the Screen Actors Guild. On June 9, 2009 her autobiography, "Prairie Tale: A Memoir", was released.

Gilbert was born in Los Angeles. She was married to Bo Brinkman from 1988 until they divorced in 1992. She was married to Bruce Boxleitner from 1995 until they divorced in 2011. She married Timothy Busfield in 2013. They have two children.

Gilbert has battled alcoholism and drug abuse, which she wrote about in her 2009 autobiography. In January 2015 Gilbert decided to have her breast implants surgically removed for health reasons.

For her contribution to the television industry, Gilbert has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6429 Hollywood Blvd in 1985. Her then-fiance, Rob Lowe, was with her when her star was unveiled. She is one of the youngest actresses to have been honored with a star.

On August 10, 2015, Gilbert announced her intentions to run for Michigan's 8th congressional district. She will be opposing Republican incumbent Mike Bishop.


Expert

An expert is an individual recognized as a reliable source of knowledge or skill in a particular field. An expert’s corresponding ability or expertise is, mostly, based on his/her credential, training, education, profession, publication or experience. Historically, an expert was referred to as a "wise old man". Such individual was usually a profound intellectual distinguished for wisdom and sound judgment. In law, an expert witness may contribute specialized knowledge of a field.

Someone who is not an expert may be called a beginner or a novice if they are new to that field.

Canouan

Canouan is a island in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The island is only about 3.5 miles by 1.25 miles. It is located at the south of St. Vincent. Canouan also has an airport called the, Canouan Airport. 


Calgary Transit

Calgary Transit is Calgary's public transit system. It operates both buses and light-rail transit trains. Calgary Transit operates about 1,125 buses and trains, and serves Calgary's population of over 1 million. Most Calgary Transit vehicles are designed with three stripes; one light blue, one blue and one dark blue. This design was changed in 2007 to red and grey.

The C-Train runs on two major routes in Calgary; the north-east route, and the north-west to south route. There are currently 45 stations, 26 of which are major with heated areas.

There are three types of C-Train vehicles currently in service.

Calgary Transit currently runs over 160 bus routes, of which 86 are designated as "low access", and are accessible for those who need a wheelchair to move around. Calgary uses buses from four companies; Nova Bus, New Flyer Industries, General Motors Diesel Division and Motor Coach Industries. In 2004, Calgary Transit started a bus rapid transit service along future C-Train routes. The bus rapid transit routes have less stops than other routes, and use articulated buses as of 2007.

Below are the costs of using Calgary Transit as of January 2022. 

Saint Vincent (Antilles)

Saint Vincent is an island and is the largest island in the chain of islands called Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The largest city on the island is Kingstown. Kingstown has about 25,418 people.

Saint Vincent is a volcanic island. It was disputed between France and the United Kingdom in the 18th century.

Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen

Popeyes Louisiana Chicken, known simply as Popeyes, is a fried chicken fast food franchise. The franchise, which used to be called Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits, consists of over 2,600 restaurants in over 40 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and over 30 other countries worldwide.

Popeyes was started in 1972, and in 1992 became owned by AFC Enterprises, which until 2004 also owned Church's Chicken. In 2017, the company was bought out by a Canadian company called Restaurant Brands International (owned by 3G Capital of Brazil), and Popeyes restaurants are now operated as a subsidiary along with Burger King and Tim Hortons.

Popeyes' headquarters recently moved from Atlanta to Miami.

Carrie-Anne Moss

Carrie-Anne Moss (born August 21, 1967) is a Canadian actress. Moss started her career on television, but became famous for her character, Trinity, in "The Matrix" trilogy.

Carrie-Anne Moss was born in Burnaby, British Columbia. Her parents are Barbara and Melvyn Moss. She has an older brother, Brooke. Moss' mother reportedly named her after The Hollies' 1967 hit song, "Carrie Anne", which had been released in May that year. Moss lived with her mother in Vancouver as a child. At the age of 11, she joined the Vancouver children's musical theatre and later went on to tour Europe with the Magee Secondary School Choir in her senior year.

Moss married American actor Steven Roy in 1999, and they have two sons and a daughter. The family resides in Los Angeles.

The Wonder Years

The Wonder Years is an American comedy-drama series which aired on ABC between 1988 and 1993. It starred Fred Savage and Danica McKellar. Each episode in this series was focused twenty years before the then current year (1968-1973). The show won several awards during its run.

Fordham University

Fordham University is a private research university in New York City, New York. The university has about 14,544 students. It was founded in 1841. The current president of the university is Reverend Joseph M. McShane S.J.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Rams. They have 22 varsity teams and they compete in the Atlantic 10 Conference for everything but football. In football Fordham competes in the Patriot League.


Long Island University

Long Island University is a private, coeducational university with campuses in Brooklyn and Brookville, New York. The Brooklyn campus is known as "LIU Brooklyn", while the Brookville campus is branded as "LIU Post" (formal name: C. W. Post Campus of Long Island University). The university has about 24,170 students. It was founded at the Brooklyn location in 1926; the Post campus followed in 1954. The current president of the university is David J. Steinberg, Ph.D. .

The athletics teams of the university are called the LIU Sharks. Before the 2019–20 school year, the two LIU campuses operated separate athletic programs. The Brooklyn program, known at various times as "LIU" and "Long Island", and from 2013–14 as "LIU Brooklyn", competed in NCAA Division I under the final name of "LIU Brooklyn Blackbirds", with most teams playing in the Northeast Conference (NEC). The Post program, known immediately before the merger as the "LIU Post Pioneers", competed in NCAA Division II, primarily in the East Coast Conference. The university merged the two programs in July 2019, with some sports based in Brooklyn and others at Post. The new Sharks program inherited Brooklyn's Division I and NEC memberships. All varsity sports that had been sponsored by either campus before the merger continue to be sponsored by the current LIU program, and the university has added several more sports since the merger.

As of the upcoming 2020–21 school year, LIU will sponsor 31 NCAA teams, 12 for men and 19 for women, plus a varsity esports team outside of NCAA control. Most teams compete in the NEC, but LIU has many affiliations outside the NEC in sports not sponsored by that league:


Liberty University

Liberty University is a private, christian university in Lynchburg, Virginia. The university has about 69,214 students. It was founded in 1971 by Jerry Falwell. The current chancellor of the university is Jerry Prevo. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Flames. They have 18 varsity teams, most of which compete in Conference USA (C-USA). Three teams in sports that C-USA does not sponsor play elsewhere. Women's lacrosse plays in the Big East Conference, men's soccer in the Ohio Valley Conference, and women's swimming & diving in the Coastal Collegiate Sports Association.


Cleveland State University

Cleveland State University is a public university in Cleveland, Ohio. The university has about 17,204 students. It was founded in 1881 as Fern College and then was later established again in 1964 when it was renamed Cleveland State University. The current president of the university is Ronald M. Berkman. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Vikings. They have 17 varsity teams and they compete in the Horizon League and the Eastern Wrestling League for wrestling.


University of Dayton

The University of Dayton is a private, Roman Catholic university in Dayton, Ohio. The university has about 10,569 students. It was founded in 1850. The current president of the university is Eric Spina. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Flyers. They have 16 varsity teams and they compete in the Atlantic 10 Conference and the Pioneer Football League for football.


University of Denver

University of Denver is a private university in Denver, Colorado. The university has about 11,644 students. It was founded in 1864. The current chancellor of the university is Robert Coombe. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Pioneers. They have 17 varsity teams, most of which compete in The Summit League.

Some Pioneers teams play in other conferences. The men's ice hockey team plays in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference. The men's and women's lacrosse teams play in the Big East Conference. The skiing team, made up of both men and women, competes in the Rocky Mountain Intercollegiate Ski Association. The women's gymnastics team is a member of the Big 12 Conference.


Horizon League

The Horizon League is a NCAA conference that plays in the NCAA Division I. The conference is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana and features universities and colleges from the Great Lakes Region. While it plays many sports, it has never played football.

The Horizon League was founded in 1979 as the Midwestern City Conference (MCC) with six members. None of these schools are in the league now. The school that has been in the league the longest is Detroit Mercy, which joined in 1980 (when it was known as simply "Detroit").

The conference changed its name in 1985 to Midwestern Collegiate Conference. In 1993, the largest conference expansion in NCAA history that did not involve a merger was announced. Six schools left the Mid-Continent Conference, now known as The Summit League, to join the Midwestern Collegiate Conference for the 1994–95 school year. In June 2001, the conference changed its name to the current Horizon League to avoid confusion with the "other" MCC (which did not become The Summit League until 2007).

Today, eight of the Horizon League's 11 full members (those playing most, if not all, of their sports in the league) are former members of The Summit League. The exceptions are Detroit Mercy, Northern Kentucky, and Robert Morris.

The most recent changes to the conference membership happened in the 2020s. First, in 2020, Purdue Fort Wayne and Robert Morris joined. In 2022, UIC left to join the Missouri Valley Conference.

The Horizon League now has 11 full members.

A total of 14 schools have been full members, but are no longer in the league.

Nicknames are those used when the schools were conference members.

NCAA conferences often have one or more "associate" members that play only a limited number of sports in the conference, usually one. For most of its history, the Horizon League has not had associate members. The first such member was Belmont, which was a men's soccer member from 2014 to 2018. More recently, the Horizon greatly expanded its men's tennis league. The Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) merged its men's tennis league into the Horizon in 2022. At the same time, Belmont returned to the conference for men's tennis, and Chicago State moved men's and women's tennis into the Horizon. Two of the associate members will leave in July 2024. Chicago State will join the Northeast Conference, which sponsors tennis for both sexes, while Lindenwood will drop men's tennis.

Departing members in pink.

As noted above, current men's tennis member Belmont once housed its men's soccer team in the Horizon League.

Butler University

Butler University is a private, co-educational university in Indianapolis, Indiana. The university has about 4,512 students. It was founded in 1855. The current president of the university is Bobby Fong. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Bulldogs. They have 17 varsity teams, most of which compete in the Big East Conference. The football team plays in the Pioneer Football League.


University of Detroit Mercy

The University of Detroit Mercy is a private, Roman Catholic co-educational university in Detroit, Michigan. The university has about 5,450 students. It was formed in 1990 with the merger of two Catholic schools in Detroit—the University of Detroit, a Jesuit school founded in 1877 as Detroit College, and Mercy College of Detroit, founded by the Sisters of Mercy in 1941. The current president of the university is Antoine M. Garibaldi. 

Although the current university name has been in place since 1990, UDM kept calling itself simply "Detroit" for sports purposes until 2017, when it added "Mercy" to its sports branding. The teams have been nicknamed Titans since 1919 or 1924, depending on the source. They have 17 varsity teams, almost all of which compete in the Horizon League. The Titans have different homes for the three sports that they play but the Horizon League does not. Fencing, a sport in which men and women compete for a single NCAA team championship (though with all bouts involving only men or women), competes in the Midwest Fencing Conference. Men's and women's lacrosse also compete elsewhere, with men in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference and women in the Mid-American Conference.


University of Wisconsin–Green Bay

The University of Wisconsin–Green Bay is a public university in Green Bay, Wisconsin, and a part of the University of Wisconsin System. The university has about 6,549 students. It was founded in 1965. The current chancellor of the university is Dr. Thomas K. Harden. 

The university calls itself "Green Bay" for sports purposes, and its teams use the nickname of Phoenix. The school has 16 varsity teams that compete in the Horizon League.


Loyola University Chicago

Loyola University Chicago is a private, Jesuit university in Chicago, Illinois. The university has about 15,951 students. It was founded in 1870. The current president of the university is Michael J. Garanzini, S.J. . 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Ramblers. They have 13 varsity teams, most of which compete in the Missouri Valley Conference. The men's volleyball team is a member of the Midwestern Intercollegiate Volleyball Association.


University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee

The University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee is a public university in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and part of the University of Wisconsin System. The university has about 30,455 students. It was founded in 1956. The current chancellor of the university is Michael Lovell. 

The university calls itself "Milwaukee" for athletic purposes, and its teams are nicknamed Panthers. It has 15 varsity teams that compete in the Horizon League.


University of Illinois Chicago

The University of Illinois Chicago, often called UIC, is a public research university in Chicago, Illinois. The university has about 30,000 students. Part of it was founded in 1858, part was founded in 1965. UIC has 15 colleges. Thirteen colleges cover certain fields: Applied Health Sciences, Architecture & the Arts, Business Administration, Dentistry, Education, Engineering, Liberal Arts & Sciences, Medicine, Nursing, Pharmacy, Public Health, Social Work, and Urban Planning & Public Affairs. Two colleges serve sub-groups of students: Graduate College and (undergraduate) Honors College.

The current chancellor of the university is Paula Allen Mears. UIC is in the same university family as UIUC and UIS. The president of the family is Robert Easter.

The university sports teams are called the Flames. UIC has 18 varsity teams (8 for men and 10 for women), most of which play in the Missouri Valley Conference. The men's teams in swimming & diving and tennis compete in the Mid-American Conference.



Valparaiso University

Valparaiso University is a private university in Valparaiso, Indiana. The university has about 4,061 students. It was founded in 1859. The current president of the university is Mark A. Heckler. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Beacons, changed from Crusaders in 2021. They have 17 varsity teams, 14 of which compete in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC). The other three teams play sports that the MVC does not sponsor, and compete in other leagues. The football team plays in the Pioneer Football League, the men's swimming team competes in the Mid-American Conference, and the women's bowling team is a member of Conference USA.


Geotechnical engineering

Geotechnical engineering is an important subset of civil engineering dealing with engineering performance of earth materials. Geotechnical engineering uses principles of soil and rock mechanics to determine:
to design:
and to monitor: 

Foundations built for above-ground structures include shallow and deep foundations. Retaining structures include earth-filled dams and retaining walls. 

Wright State University

Wright State University is a public university in Dayton, Ohio. The university has about 19,793 students. It was founded in 1967. The current president of the university is David R. Hopkins, P.E.D. . The University is named after the Wright brothers. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Raiders. They have 17 varsity teams and they compete in the Horizon League.


Youngstown State University

Youngstown State University is a public university in Youngstown, Ohio. The university has about 15,194 students. It was founded in 1908. The current president of the university is Jim Tressel, better known as a former football coach both at Youngstown State and Ohio State University.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Penguins. They have 16 varsity teams and they compete in the Horizon League and the Missouri Valley Football Conference for football.


Texas Southern University

Texas Southern University is a public university in Houston, Texas. The university has about 11,550 students. It was founded in 1927. The current president of the university is John Rudley. The university is a historically black university.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Tigers. They have 11 varsity teams and they compete in the Southwestern Athletic Conference.


St. Bonaventure University

St. Bonaventure University is a private, Roman Catholic university in Allegany, New York. The university has about 2,500 students. It was founded in 1858. The current president of the university is Sr. Margaret Carney, OSF STD.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Bonnies. They have 14 varsity teams and they compete in the Atlantic 10 Conference.


Sacred Heart University

Sacred Heart University is a private, Roman Catholic university in Fairfield, Connecticut. The university has about 6,023 students. It was founded in 1963. The current president of the university is John J. Petillo.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Pioneers. They have 31 varsity teams, most of which compete in the Northeast Conference. The men's ice hockey team competes in Atlantic Hockey.


Denis Leary

Denis Colin Leary (born August 18, 1957 in Worcester, Massachusetts) is an American actor, comedian, producer, singer and writer. He is the star and co-creator of the television show "Rescue Me". His career as a comedian has been controversial because he allegedly stole not only material but his entire act from the dead comedian Bill Hicks.

Leary stated comedians like George Carlin, Lenny Bruce, Bill Hicks, Sam Kinison and Richard Pryor as influences.


Ice Age (2002 movie)

Ice Age is a 2002 American computer animated comedy drama movie. It was produced by John C. Donkin and Lori Forte and was directed by Chris Wedge. The movie was released on March 15, 2002.

The movie was positively welcomed from both audiences and film critics which praised its story, humor, characters, emotional weight, voice cast performance (especially those of Leguizamo and Leary), David Newman's musical score and the ending.

The movie currently has four sequels, "" (2006), "" (2009), "" (2012), and "" (2016). There has also been a and a series of short movies revolving around the comic relief character in the movies.

The characters are all prehistoric animals. The animals can talk to and understand each other.


Additional voices were provided by Jack Angel, Michael Patrick Bell, Robert Bergen, Val Bettin, Barry Bostwick, Rodger Bumpass, Cameron Clarke, David Cowgill, Darin DePaul, Paul Eiding, Jennifer Hale, Carolyn Lawrence, Michael Lerner, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Mona Marshall, Andrew McDonough, Rove McManus, Jerry Orbach, Bobbi Page, Peter Reneday, Lori Richardson, Michelle Ruff, Aaron Spann, Kyle Stanger, Catherine Taber, Holland Taylor, Russi Taylor, Brian Tocki, Frank Welker, Ezra Weisz and Billy West.



Ice Age: The Meltdown

Ice Age: The Meltdown (also called Ice Age 2: The Meltdown or simply known as Ice Age 2) is an American 2006 animated comedy drama epic movie and is the second film in the "Ice Age" series. It was produced by Lori Forte and Chris Wedge. It was directed by Carlos Saldanha.

The movie was released on March 31, 2006. Despite receiving mixed reviews from film critics, the film was positively welcomed from audience who praised its animation, humor, characters, emotional weight, soundtrack, action scenes, character development, and the visuals.

This movie is the first sequel to the 2002 movie, "Ice Age". The other four sequels to the film are "" (2009), "" (2012), "" (2016), and "The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild" (2022). The first sequel to this movie was even more positively welcomed from audience who often calls it the best "Ice Age" movie, the second one is called good, but not like the previous films while the fifth is hated by both film critics and audience.

The characters are all prehistoric animals. Unlike real life, the animals can talk and understand each other.



Ovarian cancer

Ovarian cancer is cancer that involves different regions of the ovary. Recent evidence suggests the Fallopian tube may be related to the cancer. Other types of this condition involve egg cells. The risk increases with age and decreases with pregnancy. Ovarian cancer is the fifth leading cause of cancer death for females, and the survival rates for this condition vary.

Rio (movie)

Rio, originally called Rio: The Movie, is a 2011 computer-animated comedy movie that was produced by Chris Jenkins and Bruce Anderson and was directed by Carlos Saldanha. "Rio" was released on April 8, 2011, in Brazil and on April 15, 2011, in North America. A sequel, titled "Rio 2", was released on April 11, 2014.

"Rio" tells about the life of a blue macaw named Blu. He is trapped in a jungle near Rio de Janeiro when he was just a baby, and brought to the United States. Then Linda, an American, always takes care of him, until one day Tulio advises Blu that he is the last of his species, and he has to return to Brazil to meet Jewel, a female of his kind. The two macaws and several friends try to have Blu and Jewel fall in love so their species will survive, while they overcome some obstacles such as bird smugglers and the fact that Blu can not fly until the end of the movie. However, in the end, Blu can fly and rescues Jewel from falling from a plane.



Hollerado

Hollerado is a Canadian indie rock band from Manotick, Ontario. Hollerado has four members in the band; the current band members are Dean Baxter, Jake Boyd, Nixon Boyd and Menno Versteeg. Their name is a parody of the United States state, Colorado.


So far as of 2011, Hollerado has released 7 albums:




American University

American University is a private, Methodist university in Washington, D.C.. The university has about 9,940 students. It was founded in 1893. The current president of the university is former U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell since June 2017. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Eagles. They have 9 varsity teams and they compete in the Patriot League.


Alborz Mountains

Alborz (also written Alburz, Elburz or Elborz), is a mountain range in northern Iran. Its borders start at Azerbaijan and Armenia in the northwest of Iran and reach to the southern end of the Caspian Sea. The mountain range ends in the east at the borders of Turkmenistan and Afghanistan.

Tehran, the capital of Iran is at the foot of the Alborz mountain range.

Mount Damavand, the tallest mountain in the Middle East, is located in this mountain range.

American Gangster (movie)

American Gangster is a 2007 American biographical crime drama movie. It is set in New York City, New Jersey, Thailand and Vietnam. Denzel Washington stars as real life African American drug smuggler Frank Lucas. Russell Crowe stars as the detective determined to stop the drug empire controlled by Lucas. The movie was released in November 2007. Despite being set in the late 1960s and the 1970s, the movie has many anachronisms.

Youthanasia

Youthanasia is an album released by American thrash metal band, Megadeth. The album was successful in Canada. The album was certified platinum in 1995 for selling over one million copies.

Fiat Tipo

The Fiat Tipo is a car produced by Fiat. It replaced the Fiat Ritmo in 1988, and was replaced by the Fiat Bravo and Brava in 1995. The Tipo name returned in 2016 on an entirely new generation of small family cars. 


Lancia

Lancia is an Italian automobile manufacturer. It was established in 1906. It has been owned by Fiat since 1969.




Burt Reynolds

Burton Leon "Burt" Reynolds Jr. (February 11, 1936 – September 6, 2018) was an American actor, director and producer.

He starred in many roles, such as "Dan August", "Deliverance", "The Longest Yard" with its 2005 remake, Without a Paddle (2004) and "Smokey and the Bandit". He won two Golden Globe Awards, including in "Evening Shade" for Best Actor in a Television Series Musical or Comedy and in "Boogie Nights" for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture.

Reynolds was the son of Harriette Fernette "Fern" (née Miller; 1902–1992) and Douglas Burton Reynolds (1906–2002). He had Dutch, English, Scots-Irish and Scottish ancestry, and also claimed Cherokee and Italian roots through his father. During his career, he often claimed to have been born in Waycross, Georgia, although he said in 2015 he was actually born in Lansing, Michigan. He was born on February 11, 1936, and in his autobiography stated that Lansing is where his family lived when his father was drafted into the United States Army.

He, his mother, and his sister joined his father at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, and lived there for two years. When his father was sent to Europe, the family moved to Lake City, Michigan, where his mother had been raised. In 1946, the family moved to Riviera Beach, Florida. His father eventually became Chief of Police of Riviera Beach, which is adjacent to the north end of West Palm Beach, Florida. During 10th grade at Palm Beach High School, Reynolds was named First Team All State and All Southern as a fullback, and received multiple scholarship offers.

Reynolds married Judy Carne from 1963 to 1965. He had a relationship with Dinah Shore in the early 1970s for five years. He had a relationship with Sally Field from 1977 to 1982, during which time they appeared together in four films. Reynolds married Loni Anderson from 1988 to 1993. They adopted a son, Quinton. He and Anderson separated after he fell in love with a cocktail waitress, with whom he later traded lawsuits which were settled out of court.

His friends included Johnny Carson, James Hampton, Dom DeLuise, Jerry Reed, Charles Nelson Reilly, Tammy Wynette, Lucie Arnaz, Adrienne Barbeau, Tawny Little, Dinah Shore, Clint Eastwood and Chris Evert.

In the late 1970s, Reynolds opened Burt's Place, a nightclub restaurant in the Omni International Hotel in the Hotel District of Downtown Atlanta, and briefly operated a second version at Lenox Square. He was a lifelong fan of American football, a result of his collegiate career, and was a minority owner of the Tampa Bay Bandits of the USFL from 1982 to 1986. The team's name was inspired by the Smokey and the Bandit trilogy and Skoal Bandit, a primary sponsor for the team as a result of also sponsoring Reynolds' motor racing team. Reynolds co-owned a NASCAR Winston Cup team, Mach 1 Racing, with Hal Needham, which ran the #33 "Skoal Bandit" car with driver Harry Gant. He was awarded an honorary doctorate from Florida State University in 1981 and later endorsed the construction of a new performing arts facility in Sarasota, Florida.

He also owned a private "dinner theater" in Jupiter, Florida, with a focus on training young performers looking to enter show business. The theater was later renamed to the Burt Reynolds Jupiter Theater and closed in 1997 after Reynolds declared bankruptcy. In 1984, he opened a restaurant in Fort Lauderdale, "Burt & Jacks", which he co-owned with Jack Jackson.

While filming "City Heat", Reynolds was struck in the face with a metal chair and had temporomandibular joint dysfunction. He lost thirty pounds from not eating. The painkillers he was prescribed led to addiction, which lasted several years. He underwent back surgery in 2009 and a quintuple coronary artery bypass surgery in February 2010. On August 16, 2011, Merrill Lynch Credit Corporation filed foreclosure papers, claiming Reynolds owed US$1.2 million on his home in Hobe Sound, Florida. He owned the Burt Reynolds Ranch, where scenes for Smokey and the Bandit were filmed and which once had a petting zoo, until its sale during bankruptcy. In April 2014, the 153-acre (62 ha) rural property was rezoned for residential use and the Palm Beach County school system was empowered to sell it which they did to the residential developer K. Hovnanian Homes. Reynolds also once purchased a mansion on a tract of land in Loganville, Georgia.

Reynolds died of a heart attack on September 6, 2018.



International Commerce Centre

The International Commerce Centre is the tallest building in Hong Kong. The building was finished in 2009 and has a height of 1,588 feet. It has 118 floors. Inside the top floors of the building is a hotel for people to stay in.

Vectrex

The Vectrex is a video game console created by Smith Engineering. The Vectrex is the only console of its kind to use vector graphics.

Stephanie zu Guttenberg

Stephanie Freifrau von und zu Guttenberg (born 24 November 1976 in Munich), née Stephanie Gräfin von Bismarck-Schönhausen (Countess of Bismarck-Schönhausen), is a German activist against child abuse, and the President of Innocence in Danger, a group which wants Internet censorship of child pornography. She has also co-written a book about these topics.

She is the wife of Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg, the former German Minister of Defence. A member of the Bismarck family, she is the great-great-granddaughter of Chancellor Prince Otto Bismarck and great-granddaughter of Foreign Secretary Herbert, Prince of Bismarck. She is also a descendant of Robert Whitehead, the inventor of the torpedo, and diplomat Alexander, Count of Hoyos.
She got a degree in business administration and textile engineering (Fashion Business Management) from the private academy Fachakademie für Textil & Schuhe in Nagold, and has worked during her schooling for several textile companies.

On 12 February 2000, she married Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg, whom she had met when attending Love Parade in Berlin in 1995. They have two daughters, born in 2001 and 2002.

She has been President of the German section of Innocence in Danger, an organisation combating child abuse and lobbying for Internet censorship of child pornography.

In September 2010, she published the book "Schaut nicht weg! Was wir gegen sexuellen Missbrauch tun müssen", co-written with Anne-Ev Ustorf.

She accompanied her husband when visiting the troops in Afghanistan in December 2010, which drew some criticism from the opposition.

On 24 January 2011, Stephanie zu Guttenberg became Patron of the Deutsche Multiple Sklerose Gesellschaft in Bavaria.



Bismarck herring

The Bismarck herring is pickled fresh, filleted Baltic Sea herring, traditionally packed in small wooden barrels.

Johann Wiechmann had a store in Stralsund, Germany, and his wife, Karoline, prepared the herring for sale. Wiechmann admired Otto von Bismarck and sent a barrel on Bismarck's birthday.

When the German Empire was created, Wiechmann sent Bismarck a second barrel but this time asked to name the herrings after him. Bismarck agreed, and the original recipe of Bismarck herring was sold until the end of World War II. It was revived in 1997 in Stralsund.

Águas de São Pedro

Águas de São Pedro (IPA: ) is a Brazilian city of the state of São Paulo. It is the second smallest Brazilian city in area, with only 3.612 km².


Dot Jones

Dot Jones (born on January 4, 1964 as Dorothy-Marie Jones) is an athlete and actress who has had multiple roles in television. She played Shannon Beiste in "Glee".

Dot was born in Turlock, California and moved to Hilmar, where she grew up. When she was in middle school, she became very tall very fast. This made her back hurt, so she started exercising by lifting weights to strengthen the muscles. By high school, she was very good at lifting weights and won contests. She was named the school's female athlete of the year. When she was 19, she tried arm wrestling, and was very good at it. She won the world championship 15 times.

After she graduated high school, Dot went to Modesto Junior College, and then California State University, where she kept playing sports. She got a scholarship for track, which paid for her classes. She played softball and the track sport shot put and set records in the sport. After college, Dot worked with troubled children at the Fresno County Juvenile Probation center while continuing her involvement with sports.

Dot, who had never thought of acting, was seen at a bodybuilding contest by Shirley Eson, who was on the TV show American Gladiators. Shirley said Dot should try out for the show "Knights and Warriors", which was like "American Gladiators". Dot got the part.

After "Knights and Warriors" ended, Dot acted in other shows, such as "Full House", "Roseanne", "Chicago Hope", "Lizzie McGuire", "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody", "iCarly" and "Desperate Housewives". Dot was well known for playing Coach Kelly on "Lizzie McGuire". Dot is friends with Ryan Murphy, a man who helped create the TV show "Glee". Dot is a fan of the show and asked if she could be in it. Ryan created the character Coach Beiste for her.

Scott Walker

Scott Kevin Walker (born November 2, 1967) is an American Republican politician. He was the 45th Governor of Wisconsin from 2011 to 2019. He was a two-term Governor, elected in 2010 and 2014, but losing in 2018 to Tony Evers.

Walker was born in Colorado Springs, Colorado. His family moved to Plainfield, Iowa and later to Delavan, Wisconsin. He studied at Marquette University, but did not graduate.

Walker began his political career in the Wisconsin State Assembly, serving from 1993–2002. After the 2002 resignation of Tom Ament as Executive of Milwaukee County, Walker won the special election to fill the seat, which he held from 2002 to 2010.

Walker was elected governor of Wisconsin in 2010, defeating the Democratic nominee, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett.

After being sworn into office in 2011, Walker introduced a budget repair plan which limited many collective bargaining powers for most public employees. The legislation led to significant protests at the Wisconsin State Capitol and an effort to recall Walker.

In June 2012, Walker faced Barrett in Wisconsin's only gubernatorial recall election. After emerging as the winner, Walker became the only governor in the U.S. to date to win a gubernatorial recall election.

He lost his third re-election bid to Tony Evers on November 7, 2018 by one percent.

Walker married Tonette Tarantino in 1993. Together, they have 2 children.

Walker has been seen by many as a potential candidate for the GOP's nomination in the 2016 presidential election. He formed a 527 organization in January of 2015. On June 18, 2015 Walker took a further step towards a presidential campaign when he established a "testing-the-waters" federal campaign committee.

Walker announced his presidential campaign on July 13, 2015 on his Twitter account. On September 21 2015, Walker suspended his campaign after low polling numbers.


Glee

Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television show. It started on May 19, 2009. It ended on March 20, 2015. Its sixth, and last season, started on January 9, 2015. The show is about a group of high school students and their teachers at the fictional William McKinley High School. The show is set in Lima, Ohio. Most of the students are in the school's glee club, called New Directions. The students and adults deal with relationships, sexuality and social issues. They often sing to help them understand these topics.



"Glee" has won and been nominated for many awards. In 2009, the series won five Satellite Awards: "Best Musical or Comedy TV Series", "Best Actor" and "Actress in a Musical or Comedy TV Series" for Morrison and Michele, "Best Supporting Actress" for Lynch and "Special Achievement for Outstanding Guest Star" for Kristin Chenoweth. In 2010, the show won a Golden Globe Award for "Best Television Series — Musical or Comedy". Morrison, Michele and Lynch also got acting nominations. The series was nominated for two Writers Guild of America Awards, with screenplays nominated in the "Comedy Series" and "New Series" categories. The "Glee" cast won the "Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series" award at the 16th Screen Actors Guild Awards. Paris Barclay and Ryan Murphy both got nominations for "Outstanding Directing – Comedy Series" at the Directors Guild of America Awards for their work on "Glee". In July 2010, "Glee" got 19 Emmy Award nominations, including "Outstanding Comedy Series", "Outstanding Lead Actor – Comedy Series" for Morrison and "Outstanding Lead Actress – Comedy Series" for Michele. It won 4, including "Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series" for Lynch and "Outstanding Guest Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series" for Neil Patrick Harris.

On January 16, 2011, the show won a Golden Globe for "Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy" and both Lynch and Colfer won Golden Globes for Best Supporting Actress and Best Supporting Actor in a Television Series, Miniseries, or TV Film.

Some songs are old, by singers like Madonna and Journey, and some are still on the radio by singers like Lady Gaga and Britney Spears. The show has won many awards and is shown in several countries because of its popularity.

Mash-ups are a very common thing in the show. The first mash-ups were Bon Jovi's "It's My Life" with Usher's "Confessions Part II" by the boys, and Beyonce's "Halo" with Katrina and the Waves' "Walking on Sunshine" by the girls. Those were both in the episode "Vitamin D".


Andrew Cuomo

Andrew Mark Cuomo (born December 6, 1957) is an American politician. He was the 56th Governor of New York from 2011 to 2021.

He was 64th New York State Attorney General and the 11th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under Bill Clinton. 

He was born in Queens. His father Mario Cuomo was also Governor of New York and Andrew worked for him. 

Cuomo has promoted several policies such as legalizing same-sex marriage, tough laws against guns, allowing businesses not to pay taxes for some time in some parts of the state, continuing the moratorium (delay) on hydraulic fracturing for extracting (taking out) petroleum and natural gas, he started the United States Climate Alliance, a group of states intending to stop climate change by following the terms of the Paris Climate Accords and pro-immigration policies.

He was reelected governor in 2014 and 2018. In 2020, he became well known across the country over his leadership and handling over the COVID-19 pandemic in New York. However, his administration was accused of covering up the actual number of COVID-related deaths in nursing homes. 

From late 2020, many of Cuomo's former secretaries and assistants have accused him of sexual harassment. In August 2021, an investigation found that Cuomo did sexually harass multiple women during his time as governor. On August 10, 2021, Cuomo announced that he would resign as governor. He resigned on August 24 and was replaced by Kathy Hochul, the lieutenant governor of New York.

Pat Quinn (politician)

Patrick Joseph "Pat" Quinn III (born December 16, 1948), is an American politician. He was the Governor of Illinois from 2009 to 2015. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was Lieutenant Governor of Illinois from 2003 to 2009. He lost re-election in 2014 to Bruce Rauner.

Quinn was born on December 16, 1948 in Hinsdale, Illinois. He is of Irish descent. He studied at Georgetown University and at Northwestern University. 

He became Governor on January 29, 2009 when Rod Blagojevich, the state's earlier Governor, was impeached and thrown out of office. He praised the Illinois General Assembly for Blagojevich's impeachment.

He was elected into office during the 2010 gubernatorial election. He defeated Republican Bill Brady.

As governor he faced severe short-term budget shortfalls and a long-term state debt, all in the context of the worst national economic slump since the Great Depression of the 1930s. 

Quinn has pushed for spending cuts and tax increases, while trying to raise ethical standards, protect public-sector labor unions, and maintain environmental standards.

In November 2014, Quinn lost his re-election campaign to Republican Bruce Rauner.

On October 27, 2017, Quinn announced his candidacy for Attorney General of Illinois.

Quinn is divorced and has two sons, Patrick IV and David, born on April 12, 1983, and December 16, 1984, respectively. Quinn was briefly a practicing tax attorney before his career in public office.

Salt (2010 movie)

Salt is a 2010 action thriller spy movie that was produced by Lorenzo di Bonaventura and Sunil Perkash and was directed by Phillip Noyce. The movie was released on July 23, 2010. The movie received mixed to positive reviews with a 61% on Rotten Tomatoes which is fresh and a 65% out of 100 from Metacritic. It is set in North Korea, New York City and Washington, D.C.



My One and Only (movie)

My One and Only is a 2009 comedy movie that was produced by Aaron Ryder, Ara Katz and Art Spigel and was directed by Richard Loncraine. The movie was released on August 21, 2009. The movie received many positive reviews with a 69% on the website Rotten Tomatoes and a 62% from another website, Metacritic.



WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007

WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007 is a wrestling video game that was published by THQ. The video game was released for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable and Xbox 360 systems. The video game was released on January 25, 2007 in Japan, November 14, 2006 in North America, November 10, 2006 in Europe and on November 16, 2006 in Australia for the PlayStation 2 & Xbox 360. and the game was released on February 22, 2007 in Japan, December 6, 2006 in North America and on December 15, 2006 in Europe for the PSP.

The video game received a 8.1 for both the PS2 and Xbox 360 and a 7.9 for the PSP from GameSpot. 

It is part of the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw video game series.


NCAA Basketball 10

NCAA Basketball 10 is a college basketball video game that was published by EA Sports. The video game was released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 systems on November 18, 2009. The athlete on the cover of the game is Blake Griffin when he played for the Oklahoma Sooners.

The video game received a 7.0 for both the PS3 and Xbox 360 from GameSpot and also received a 7.8 for both the Xbox 360 and the PS3 from IGN. 

The game was the last installment in the NCAA Basketball video game series.


NCAA Basketball 09

NCAA Basketball 09 is a college basketball video game that was published by EA Sports. The video game was released for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 systems. The video game was released on November 17, 2008. The athlete on the cover of the game is Kevin Love who currently plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves.

The video game received a 7.0 for both the PS3 and Xbox 360 from GameSpot and also received a 7.1 for both the Xbox 360 and the PS3 and a 5.1 for the PS2 from IGN. 

The game was the 13th installment in the NCAA Basketball video game series.


Australia Day

Australia Day is a public holiday held on 26 January every year in Australia. It is celebrated to remember the day that the First Fleet landed in Australia. On 26 January 1788 British people landed at Sydney Cove and began a British convict settlement.
Some people do not believe that Australia Day should be celebrated on this date. For example, some indigenous Australians call the date "Invasion Day" or "Survival Day" because it was the day that their native land was invaded. 

On 13 May 1787, 11 ships were sent from Great Britain to Australia. The ships carried mostly prisoners to Australia where many were going to be living the rest of their lives. The ships were led by Captain Arthur Phillip, who was later promoted to an Admiral.

Laverne &amp; Shirley

Laverne & Shirley was an American situation comedy which aired from January 1976 to May 1983 on ABC. Penny Marshall played Laverne; Cindy Williams played Shirley. The series was set between 1959 and 1967 and was made under Paramount Television.

Penny Marshall

Carole Penny Marshall (October 15, 1943 – December 17, 2018) was an American actress, producer and director. She starred as Laverne in the sitcom "Laverne & Shirley" from 1976 to 1983. Marshall directed many movies, including "Awakenings", "A League of Their Own", and "Big".

From 1971 to 1981, she was married to actor and director Rob Reiner. Her brother was director Garry Marshall. She was born in The Bronx, New York City.

Marshall died on December 17, 2018 in Los Angeles, California from heart failure complicated from diabetes and heart disease, aged 75.

Adventureland (movie)

Adventureland is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It is set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in summer 1987. It was produced by Sidney Kimmel, Anne Carey and Ted Hope. It was written and directed by Greg Mottola. Adventureland was released on April 3, 2009 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with a 88% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 76 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Shakespeare in Love

Shakespeare in Love is a 1998 British-American romantic comedy-drama movie starring Gwyneth Paltrow, Ben Affleck and Judi Dench. It won 7 Academy Awards, including Best Picture of 1998. This movie is about the involvement of William Shakespeare in a serious love affair with Viola (played by Paltrow).

My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic

My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic is a Canadian-American cartoon that was shown on The Hub/Discovery Family. It was made by Lauren Faust, who also worked on other cartoon shows which are "The Powerpuff Girls" and "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends". It was put on TV on October 10, 2010. The show's idea comes from the My Little Pony toys, which are made by the big toy company Hasbro.


Though the show was only going to be for young girls, "My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic" has become popular on the Internet with many fans of the show being males aged 15 to 35. 
The My Little Pony fans from the Internet are from the cartoon and animation fans on the Internet board 4chan.

In October 2010, shortly after the show started, Web blog "Cartoon Brew" wrote a blog called "The End of the Creator-Driven Era in TV Animation", which had attacked the show for being supported by a big brand name, saying that "today networks clearly prefer established properties over original ideas, and dislike dealing with individual artists who have a clear creative vision". That means that the writer did not like that the people who put TV shows on TV would put shows on that had a brand name and told older boring stories instead of TV shows that had new or original stories. The people in "/co/", the place in 4chan for cartoons and animations, who hadn't seen the show yet, were interested by the alarmist words in the blog and began watching the show, and liked the show for the story, characters, and animation style. Their reaction soon spread to the general board, "/b/", of 4chan. The reaction from 4chan created many My Little Pony recurring jokes and memes on the site.
Fans of the shows call themselves a "brony", a combination of the words "bro" and "pony". At first it was only meant to be used by male fans but the word is now used to describe any older fan of the show without it describing only one gender. A parody of Katy Perry's "California Gurls" called Equestria Girls was used for an ad by The Hub for the show, which has lyrics that also say the word "brony". Its title was later made into which has human versions of the ponies in the show. Websites like "Equestria Daily" and "Ponychan" have been created to share stories, artwork, and news about the show. The websites get more than 100,000 visits a day. A video made by a high school student named Stephen who was using science to study some of the physical impossibilities on My Little Pony as part of a class presentation appeared on many news stations and also appeared on Tosh.0. During a phone interview on NPR's comedy radio show "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!" in June 2011, past President Bill Clinton correctly answered three questions about the show which led one journalist to jokingly refer to him as a brony.
The creator and executive producer for the show, Lauren Faust, has shown that she likes the older fans of the show through her DeviantArt page. In the first episode, a pegasus pony in the background at one time had crossed eyes, which was a mistake by an animator. The boards on 4chan called the character "Derpy Hooves". Faust listened to the fans, having wanted the character to be named "Ditzy", but let the pony's name stay as Derpy, and the people working on the show have kept the Derpy character with the cross-eyed look, putting her in episodes as a silly background character.

To help people who were in the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake, Faust sold some original drawings from the show along with a new picture of Derpy Hooves. The Derpy Hooves picture sold for more than $2000 on eBay.
At the end of Season 1, one of the show's animators said that Derpy would say some lines in Season 2. In the episode "The Last Roundup", which shows Applejack competing for the Equestria Rodeo, Derpy Hooves talked a few times. Rainbow Dash says Derpy's name and Derpy speaks with a young boy's voice. At first, people thought that her voice was done by Brian Drummond, but it was Tabitha St. Germain, who didn't know at first that Derpy was female. Parent groups complained that this was insensitive to people with disabilities, and Hasbro changed the episode by making the pony's voice more girly and making Rainbow Dash not say her name. Another pony character with neon colors in her hair, wearing sunglasses and using a DJ set in one episode, was given the stage name of "DJ P0N-3" in a poll with the other choices being "DJ Clip Clop", "Scratch", "Deadhor5" and "DJ Raverider". DJ P0N-3 was later in the Equestria Girls ad and has been a background character in some other episodes. Derpy and DJ-PON 3 eventually starred in the show's 100th episode, Slice of Life, which focused on the show's background characters as a tribute to the fans.

All episodes are 22 minutes long and the season comprises of 26 episodes, with the exception of the third season, which contains 13 episodes.

The first season and overall series has premiered on October 4, 2010 and last aired on May 2, 2011 on the Hub/Hub Network/Treehouse TV. It's also the first season of the series to air on the Hub/Hub Network/Treehouse TV.

The second season has premiered on September 12, 2011 and last aired on April 16, 2012 on the Hub/Hub Network/Treehouse TV.

The third season has premiered on November 5, 2012 and last aired on February 11, 2013 on the Hub/Hub Network/Treehouse TV.

The fourth season has premiered on November 18, 2013 and last aired on May 5, 2014 on the Hub/Hub Network/Treehouse TV. It's also the last season of the series to air on the Hub/Hub Network.

The fifth season has premiered on March 30, 2015 and last aired on November 23, 2015 on Discovery Family/Treehouse TV. It is also the first season of the series to air on Discovery Family. This includes the 100th episode overall in the series.

The sixth season has premiered on March 21, 2016 and last aired on October 17, 2016 on Discovery Family/Treehouse TV.

The seventh season has premiered on April 10, 2017 and last aired on October 23, 2017 on Discovery Family/Treehouse TV. This is the first season in the series with the first two episodes that is not a 2-part premiere.

The eighth season has premiered on March 19, 2018 and last aired on October 8, 2018 on Discovery Family.

"Best Gift Ever" counted as an episode throughout the series from their confirmation.

The ninth season was announced on February 17, 2018 at Hasbro's Entertainment Brand Preview Media Event at the New York Toy Fair. It premiered on April 1, 2019 and ended on October 7, 2019. This includes the 200th episode overall in the series. This is the final season in the series.

On 25 October 2019, Hasbro renewed the series for a tenth season, but there wasn't any plans for a tenth season of "My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic". 

Ömer Aşık

Ömer Aşık (born July 4, 1986 in Bursa, Turkey) is a Turkish basketball player. He was drafted by the Portland Trail Blazers with the 36th pick in the 2nd round of the 2008 NBA Draft. However, he did not play a game with them and was traded to the Chicago Bulls. He also played with the Turkish national basketball team where he won the silver medal in the 2010 FIBA World Championship.

His nicknames are Aşik and Destroy, The Turkish Hammer, and The SuperBull from Istanbul, all given to him by Bulls color commentator Stacey King.


Hedo Türkoğlu

Hidayet "Hedo" Türkoğlu (born March 19, 1979 in Gaziosmanpaşa, İstanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish basketball player. He was drafted by the Sacramento Kings with the 16th pick in the 1st round of the 2000 NBA Draft. He has also played with the Sacramento Kings from 2000 to 2003, San Antonio Spurs from 2003 to 2004, Orlando Magic from 2004 to 2009, Toronto Raptors from 2009 to 2010, Phoenix Suns in 2010 and currently the Orlando Magic since 2010 when he was traded to the Magic in 2010 along with Jason Richardson and Earl Clark for Vince Carter, Marcin Gortat, Mickaël Piétrus, a 2011 first-round draft pick and $3 million.


Mehmet Okur

Mehmet Okur (born May 26, 1979 in Yalova, Turkey) is an Turkish basketball player. He was drafted by the Detroit Pistons with the 37th pick in the 2nd round of the 2001 NBA Draft. He currently plays for the Utah Jazz as a center and power forward. He has also played for the Detroit Pistons from 2002 to 2004 until he signed with the Jazz after the Pistons were unable to pay his salary due to salary cap limitations. 


Hiroshima Prefecture

The area of Bingo Province and Aki Province were merged in Hiroshima Prefecture.

Hiroshima is a traditional center of the Chūgoku region and was the seat of the Mōri clan until the Battle of Sekigahara.

Hiroshima is home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites:

Hiroshima faces Shikoku across the Seto Inland Sea. Hiroshima Bay opens on the Inland Sea. The prefecture also includes many small islands.

Yamaguchi Prefecture is to the south and west of the prefecture Shimane Prefecture is to the northwest. East of Hiroshima is Okayama Prefecture.

National Parks are established in about 4% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Itsukushima jinja" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Iwate Prefecture

The area of Iwate was part of Mutsu Province.

In 1869, Mutsu was split into five new provinces: Rikuōku, Rikuchū, Rikuzen, Iwashiro and Iwaki. The first three of these together known as the "Three Riku", or "Sanriku".

The new provinces were abolished in July 1871.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Mutsu Province were changed in the 1870s.

Iwate is the second largest prefecture after Hokkaido.

The prefecture is in the Tōhoku region of Honshū island. It has the island's easternmost point. The eastern coastline faces the Pacific Ocean. Iwate shares its northern border with Aomori Prefecture. The western border meets Akita Prefecture. Its southern border is shared with Miyagi Prefecture.

National parks cover about 5% of the total land area of the prefecture. They include:

"Tsutsukowake jinja" is the main Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the prefecture.

The Buddhist temples of Hiraizumi include Chūson-ji and Mōtsū-ji. Hiraizumi was added to the World Heritage List in June 2011.



Williams pear

The Williams' bon chretien pear, commonly called the Williams pear, or Bartlett pear in the U.S. and Canada, is the most commonly grown variety of pear in most countries outside Asia.

It is a summer pear, not as tolerant of cold as some varieties. It is often eaten raw, but holds its shape well when baked, and is a common choice for canned or other processed pear uses.

The Williams pear is thought to date from 1765 to 1770 from the yard of an Aldermaston, England, schoolmaster named Mr. Stair or Mr. Wheeler, giving rise to the now-obscure names Aldermaston pear and Stairs pear. A nurseryman named Williams later acquired the variety, and introducing it to the rest of England, which is why the pear became known as the Williams Pear. However, the pear's full name is Williams' Bon Chretien, or "Williams' good Christian." 

In 1799 James Carter imported several Williams trees into the United States, and they were planted on the grounds of Thomas Brewer in Roxbury, Massachusetts. The Massachusetts estate was later acquired by Enoch Bartlett of Dorchester, Massachusetts. Unaware of their origin, Bartlett named the pears after himself and introduced the variety into the United States. It was not realized that Bartlett and Williams Pears were the same until 1828, when new trees arrived from Europe. By that time the Bartlett variety had become vastly popular in the United States, and they are still generally known as Bartlett pears in the U.S. and Canada, although there are about 150 other names worldwide.

Pear trees are typically in production for an average of 50 to 75 years, although some trees still produce fruit after 100 years.
Height: 15–20 ft with slightly less spread. 
Flowers: White flowers grouped in a corymb. 
Blooming Time: April - May. 
Fruit & Seeds: Large, golden yellow skin, brownish red blush, classic shape with smooth, white flesh. Harvest from mid-August to mid-September. But depends on which side of the earths hemisphere the plant has been placed for harvest time. 
Leaves: The leaves are simple, glossy green leaves that alternate on the twig. They grow up to 3" long, are thick with slight midrib curves folding the edges inwards. They have fine teeth on the margin. 
Elevation: 1000 - 5000 Feet. 
Habitat: Orchards and landscaping.

In 1985, the pear represented 80% of U.S. pear production, and in 2004, it represented 50% of reported pear production, displaced primarily by the continuing growth of d'Anjou and Bosc pears, both winter pears more tolerant of cold than the Bartlett.

While more pears are sold fresh in the U.S. than processed, Bartlett pears are the primary choice for canned halves, puree, and most pear juice and nectar in the U.S., comprising about two thirds of Bartlett production. Bartletts are traditionally known as the canning pear due to their "definitive flavor and sweetness," making them well-suited for many forms of processing.

The Williams pear is used in making Poire Williams, a colourless brandy.

Maserati MC12

The Maserati MC12 was a sports car that was built by the Maserati company from 2004 to 2005. There were only 50 cars that were produced. The MC12 was closely based on the Enzo Ferrari. The MC12 was succeeded by the Maserati MC12 Corsa in 2006.


Enoch Bartlett

Enoch Bartlett (1779–1860) was a farmer from Dorchester, Massachusetts. 

He bought Thomas Brewer's farm in Roxbury. This farm had a field of pear trees, which he named after himself, as he did not know the fruit already had a name.

In 1828 a new batch of pear trees arrived from England, and it was realised that the Bartlett pear was the same as the Williams pear, but by this time the name had stuck, and is still the commonest name for this type of pear in Canada and the United States.

Bitmap

The term Bitmap can have different meanings:

The Faint

The Faint are an American indie rock band from Omaha, Nebraska.

They have made 6 albums in their career.

Binary image

A Binary image is a kind of raster graphic image. Each pixel of the image can only one of two different values, usually black and white. For this reason, only one bit is needed per pixel. Most of the time, the value 0 is coded as white, and 1 is used for black. 

Binary images are used:

United States Tennis Association

"United States Tennis Association"' (USTA) is the organization that controls tennis at the national level in the United States. It is a non-profit private organization formed in 1881 to standardize the rules of tennis. It is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation, which is the international governing body of tennis.

At present USTA has more than 700,000 members. Its aim is to promote and develop the game of tennis and to develop better infrastructure for tennis. The USTA runs the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center which hosts the U.S. Open, the last grand slam of the year.

Belizean Creole

Kriol is one of the languages spoken in Central America, mainly in Belize. It is not an official language but is spoken by about half a million people. Kriol is based on English and is similar to other Creole languages, like Miskito Coastal Creole, and Jamaican Patois.

Kriol is based mainly on English but is also influenced by other languages too, like the Native American language Misikito. It's also influenced by West African languages brought in by slaves, like Akan, Efik, Ewe, Fula, Ga, Hausa, Igbo, Kikongo and Wolof.

There are some theories about the way Creole languages form, but one of them is that it was because of contact with English landowners and their slaves, and Kriol was created to make sure they could communicate at least a little bit.

Today, Kriol is the first or second language of most of the people living in Belize, and a lot of them speak English as well.

Frances McDormand

Frances McDormand (born June 23, 1957) is an American movie, television and stage actress. She won the Academy Award for "Best Actress" for her portrayal of Marge in 1996's "Fargo". She was nominated three times for "Best Supporting Actress". McDormand was born in Chicago, Illinois. She is married to Joel Coen since 1984 and has two adopted sons. They currently live in New York City.

Joan Collins

Dame Joan Henrietta Collins (born 23 May 1933) is an English actress, author and columnist. She played Alexis Colby in "Dynasty".

Collins has been married five times. The first time was to Irish actor Maxwell Reed. They married on 24 May 1952 and divorced in 1956. Collins married award-winning singer, actor and movie composer Anthony Newley on 27 May 1963. She and Newley had two children, a daughter Tara Cynara Newley and a son, Alexander Anthony "Sacha" Newley. Collins and Newley divorced in 1970. In March 1972, Collins married her third husband Ron Kass. He was the president of Apple Records during the time of the Beatles. During their marriage Collins had her third and final child, a daughter, Katyana Kennedy Kass. Collins's marriage to Kass ended in divorce in 1983. On 3 November 1985, Collins married Swedish singer Peter Holm in a ceremony in Las Vegas. They were divorced on 25 August 1987. In 2001 Collins met theatrical company manager Percy Gibson, 32 years her junior. They married on 17 February 2002 at Claridge's Hotel in London. They renewed their vows in 2009. The pair were contestants on the Christmas Day edition of the ITV game show "All Star Mr. & Mrs." in 2009.

Collins has homes in London, Los Angeles, New York and the South of France, describing her life as being "that of a gypsy".

Collins is one of the oldest models to ever pose nude in popular magazine Playboy. She did so at the age of 49.






Jackie Collins

Jacqueline Jill "Jackie" Collins OBE (4 October 1937 – 19 September 2015) was an English-American novelist. She wrote 32 novels, all of which have been on the "New York Times" bestsellers list. In total, her books have sold over 400 million copies and have been translated into 40 languages. Eight of the books were made into movies or television mini-series.

She died on 19 September 2015 of breast cancer in Beverly Hills, California, aged 77. 

She was the younger sister of Joan Collins.

Sikh temple

A Sikh temple or Gurdwara ("the door or the gateway to the Guru") is a place of worship in the Sikh religion. In the temple, the Sikh scriptures are recited or sung, and sermons are given. Festivals are celebrated there. Sikh congregations also take part in birth, death, baptism, and marriage ceremonies in the temple. Guru Granth Sahib is usually placed at one end of the temple, high up under a canopy.

The Gurdwara serves many needs. It is a place where people can develop spiritual knowledge and wisdom. It is open to everyone, of every age, sex, caste, and creed. All men, women and children are treated as equals. The temple offers shelter and food to anyone in need. It offers care for the sick, elderly, and disabled. It is also a centre for promoting culture and health. In the temple, children are often taught about morality, Sikhism, and history. The Gurdwara is also a place where people can talk about problems facing the Sikh community. For example, they can talk about situations where the Sikh code of discipline was broken, and they can decide on what punishment is needed. The Gurdwara also plays a socio-economic role in the Sikh community. It is expected to be free from any sectional interests or party politics. 

A free kitchen is attached to every Gurdwara. There, the food ("Langar") is prepared and served. Other people and communities are allowed to visit a Gurdwara. This is one of the things that the Sikh community does to improve relations and understanding between Sikhs and other communities. These visits help satisfy others' curiosity about Sikhism. They also help visitors to better understand the Sikh religion, customs, and culture. 

A Gurdwara is marked by the Nishan Sahib, the Sikh flag. The four doors of a Sikh temple represent the Door of Peace, the Door of Livelihood, the Door of Learning, and the Door of Grace. These doors must always remain open to everyone.

If someone wants to visit a Gurdwara, a certain protocol (or set of rules and expectations) must be followed. In Sikhism, there are strict rules against using tobacco, liquor, or narcotics. These things are not allowed in or around the Gurdwara. Before entering the hall, people take off their shoes, wash their hands, cover their head, and think of the Guru. Even non-Sikhs must cover their head with a handkerchief or scarf. After entering the hall, where Guru Granth Sahib is kept, people must walk slowly, bow humbly, and touch their foreheads to the ground, out of respect and love for the Guru. As people bow, they must place an offering (or gift) respectfully before the Guru. The offering may be money, flowers, or words of thanks. Any sincere expression of thanks is equally acceptable to the Guru. After bowing and offering, a person should sit quietly in the "Sangat" (congregation), without disturbing others. Usually men sit on one side and women on the other. People sit in a cross-legged position. Talking or whispering is not allowed.
Usually, worship services in the Gurdwara follow common patterns. "Kirtan" is singing the holy hymns. "Katha" is reading, and then explaining, the hymns. "Ardas" is prayer. Six verses of Anand Sahib may be sung. There may also be "Vak" or "Hukam", where one random hymn from Guru Granth Sahib is read. This is the Guru's message or 'Order' of the day to the Sangat. After the Hukam is done, "Karah Parshad" is distributed. Then "Langar", food from the Guru's kitchen, is served.

Red-shouldered macaw

The red-shouldered macaw ("Diopsittaca nobilis") is a species of parrot. There are three sub-species. They are green with red shoulder flashes. 
The birds are sometimes sold as pets. The are smaller than most macaws, and bond well with humans. They are intelligent birds, so many people keep them as companion animals. They are from South America, and eat fruits, nuts, and seeds.

It is native to the tropical lowlands, savannah, and swamplands of Venezuela, the Guianas, Bolivia and Brazil. It has two distinct subspecies, the noble macaw and Hahn's macaw.

The red-shouldered macaw nests in a hole in a tree. There are usually three or four white eggs in a clutch. The female incubates the eggs for about 24 to 26 days, and the chicks fledge from the nest about 54 days after hatching.

Endometrial cancer

Endometrial cancer is cancer in the endometrium (lining of the uterus). The cancer is usually diagnosed during its early stages, resulting in a better survival rate than most cancers. Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecologic cancer in the United States: over 35,000 women are diagnosed each year.

Quiet Riot

Quiet Riot is an American heavy metal band. They are best known for their hit singles "Cum On Feel the Noize" and "Metal Health". The band was started in 1973 by guitar player Randy Rhoads and bass player Kelly Garni, first calling themselves Mach 1, before changing the name to Little Women and finally Quiet Riot in May 1975. The first line-up featured lead singer Kevin DuBrow, Rhoads, Garni, and drummer Drew Forsythe. The lineup now has no starting members and includes lead singer Scott Vokoun, drummer Frankie Banali, bass player Chuck Wright, and guitar player Alex Grossi. Both Banali and Wright played on the band's most successful album "Metal Health" era, but Wright played bass on only two songs including the hit song "Metal Health", but did sing backup on the whole album. 

The band's name came from a conversation with Rick Parfitt of British band Status Quo in which Parfitt said he'd like to name a band "Quite Right". With his thick English accent, it sounded like he was saying "Quiet Riot". They are ranked at number 100 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock".

The 70s - The band started in the mid 70s by guitar player Randy Rhoads and bass player Kelly Garni. Lead singer Kevin DuBrow and drummer Drew Forsyth joined later on. They made two albums that only came out in Japan, called Quiet Riot and Quiet Riot II. Kelly Garni left after Quiet Riot II was recorded, but before the album cover was made, so the cover has his replacement, Rudy Sarzo, on the cover. Randy Rhoads left later to play with Ozzy Osbourne who was starting a solo band after being kicked out of Black Sabbath. Drew Forsyth left later. 

The 80s - Kevin DuBrow made a new band, with drummer Frankie Banali, guitar player Carlos Cavazo and bass player Chuck Wright, although they called themselves Quiet Riot. Rudy Sarzo came back in the band to record on the band's album Metal Health. It was very successful because of the songs "Bang Your Head" and "Cum On Feel The Noize". The band brought out another album the next year called Condition Critical, although it didn't do quite as well. Kevin DuBrow started taking cocaine, and also started insulting bands similar to Quiet Riot which harmed the band's popularity. Their next album, QR III, had Chuck Wright playing bass as Rudy Sarzo left the band, and didn't do very well. Kevin DuBrow was kicked out as the band was fed up with his insults. The band's new singer was Paul Shortino and they released QR to try to become a well known band again. However, it failed in the charts and was even less successful than QR III. The band split up, but DuBrow had a court battle to own the band's name, and won.

The 90s - DuBrow started another new band, that went through a few brief names before being Quiet Riot again. Old members Banali and Cavazo came back, and the reformed band released Terrified and Down To The Bone. Rudy Sarzo rejoined, therefore bringing together the whole Metal Health lineup again. They released Alive And Well in 1999. The album has many re-recorded versions of older hits.

The 2000s - The Metal Health lineup released another album in 2001 called Guilty Pleasures, the first album by the lineup not to have any covers of other band's songs. They broke up in 2003. DuBrow and Banali started the band again the next year with Chuck Wright and new guitar player Alex Grossi. They started on a new album, but Wright and Grossi left and DuBrow and Banali had many other bass and guitar players join and leave quickly. The band's new album, Rehab, came out in 2006. Wright and Grossi rejoined to play concerts for the album.

On November 19th, 2007, Kevin DuBrow died of an accidental cocaine overdose, and his body was found six days later, on the 25th. Frankie Banali later said the band would never come back because of this.

The 2010s - although Banali said the band would not reform, they did in 2010, with new singer Mark Huff. They toured over the next year, before Huff was fired in 2012. He had to find out he was fired online. Banali hired a new singer called Scott Vokoun in March 2012. Right now, the band are celebrating the 30th anniversary of Metal Health by playing concerts around the world.




Arthur Christmas

Arthur Christmas (originally called Operation Rudolph) is a 2011 computer-animated comedy-drama movie that was produced by Steve Pegram and was directed by Sarah Smith and Barry Cook. "Arthur Christmas" was released on November 11, 2011 in the United Kingdom and on November 23, 2011 in North America.



Arm wrestling

Arm wrestling is a sport with two players. Each player places one arm, either the right or left, on a surface, with their elbows bent and touching the surface, and they grip each other's hand. The goal is to pin the other's arm onto the surface, with the winner's arm over the loser's arm.

Many things can play a part in a player's success in arm wrestling. Skill and overall arm strength are the two greatest contributing things to winning an arm wrestling match. Other things such as the length of an arm wrestler's arm, his/her muscle and arm mass/density, hand grip size, wrist endurance and flexibility, reaction time, as well as countless other traits, can add to the advantages of one arm wrestler over another. It is sometimes used to prove who is stronger between two or more people.

Some people arm wrestle in contests. In the United States of America, contests are held by the United States Armwrestling Federation, also called the USAF. The World Armwrestling Federation, also called the WAF, has more than 85 member countries.

Arm wrestling puts enormous pressure/twist on the upper arm's humerus bone to a degree seen in few other physical activities. Most people's bones are not used to being so stressed in this way, and injuries can occur surprisingly easily. The arm typically fails because of a diagonal break at or below the midpoint between the shoulder and the elbow.

The natural tendency of an inexperienced arm wrestler is to push the hand, wrist, and shoulder in the same coordinated direction, against the force being applied by the opponent. This is how we throw a baseball or hit a tennis ball.

However, turning one's shoulder this way simply adds to the pressure already being applied to the humerus by the opponent. US Arm Sports advises of the danger of "letting your shoulder get inside your hand." It is better to pivot your shoulders so that you never look away from your hand.

If the tendons and ligaments are too weak to support the pressure, the muscles can cause a complete tendon blow (pop). However, tendons can be strengthened with many methods. When tendons are in pain, they require blood so they can heal faster. Doctors and arm wrestlers recommend doing rehabilitation training or therapy, exercising with light weights and many repetitions for 30 - 45 minutes non-stop to pump the blood into arms. Tendons can get bigger with time, though it is a very slow process. Experienced arm wrestlers can have tendons 3 to 4 times bigger than average people.



You Can't Take It With You (movie)

You Can't Take It With You is a 1938 comedy movie that was produced by Frank Capra and was also directed by Frank Capra. The movie was released on August 23, 1938 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with Rotten Tomatoes giving the movie a 96% which is certified "fresh". The movie also won two Academy Awards for Best Picture and Best Director for Frank Capra.



It Happened One Night

It Happened One Night is a 1934 comedy movie that was produced by Frank Capra and Harry Cohn and was directed by Frank Capra. The movie was released on February 22, 1934 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with Rotten Tomatoes giving the movie a 97% which is certified "fresh". The movie also won all five of the major Academy Awards (Best Picture, Director, Actor, Actress, and Screenplay), making it the first movie to do so.



Adam Foote

Adam David Vernon Foote (born July 10, 1971 in Whitby, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman that played 20 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) most notably with the Quebec Nordiques/Colorado Avalanche organizations. Foote played his last NHL game on April 10, 2011 with the Avalanche in a 4-3 OT win and was awarded the first star of the game. He won a gold medal with Team Canada in the 2002 Winter Olympics.

On January 22, 2023, the Vancouver Canucks hired Foote to be an assistant coach under head coach Rick Tocchet.


Clay County

Clay County is the name of 18 counties in the United States.


Clay County, Alabama

Clay County is a county of the US state of Alabama. As of 2020 the population was 14,236. Its county seat is Ashland and it is a prohibition or dry county.

Clay County was formed on December 7, 1866 from land taken from Randolph and Talladega County. Its name is in honor of Henry Clay, famous American statesman, member of the United States Senate from Kentucky and United States Secretary of State. Clay County is one of only three counties in Alabama to have no U.S. Highways in its boundaries.

During the Desert Shield/Storm conflict, Clay County had more soldiers serving per capita than any other county in the United States.<ref name= "Ashland/Clay County, Alabama" ></ref>

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.85%) is land and (or 0.15%) is water.







Clay County is home to parts of Cheaha State Park in the Talladega National Forest and Lake Wedowee on the eastern boundary. The Pinhoti Trail system weaves its way through the Talladega National Forest to Mt. Cheaha, the highest point in Alabama. Hikers along the trail may see some of the local wildlife, including whitetail deer, wild turkey, and the rare bald eagle.

Clay County, Arkansas

Clay County is a county in Arkansas.

Clay County, Florida

Clay County is a county in Florida. Its county seat is Green Cove Springs.

Téa Leoni

Elizabeth Téa Pantaleoni (born February 25, 1966), better known by her stage name Téa Leoni, is an American actress. She has starred many movies. These include: "Bad Boys", "Deep Impact", "The Family Man", "Jurassic Park III", "Fun with Dick and Jane", "Spanglish", "Ghost Town" and "Tower Heist".

Leoni was married to David Duchovny from 1997 until 2014.

Clay County, Georgia

Clay County is a county in Georgia. Its county seat is Fort Gaines.

All Quiet on the Western Front (movie)

All Quiet on the Western Front is a 1930 American war movie that was produced by Carl Laemmle, Jr. It was directed by Lewis Milestone. The movie was released on April 21, 1930 in North America. The movie received positive reviews. Rotten Tomatoes gives the movie a 97% which is certified as "fresh". The movie also won two Academy Awards for "Best Picture" and "Best Director" for Lewis Milestone. The movie is also ranked #54 on the AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list. The movie is based on the novel, "All Quiet on the Western Front".



Crop milk

Crop milk is a way of feeding from the crop of parent birds, by regurgitating to young birds. They are found among all pigeons and doves where they are referred to as pigeon milk. Crop milk is also produced by flamingos and even some penguins.

Lilies of the Field (movie)

Lilies of the Field is a 1963 drama movie that was produced by Ralph Nelson and was also directed by Ralph Nelson. The movie was released in 1963 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with Rotten Tomatoes giving the movie a 100% which is certified "fresh". The movie also won an Academy Award for Best Actor for Sidney Poitier.



Eared dove

The Eared Dove, Zenaida auriculata, is a New World tropical dove. It is seen throughout South America from Colombia to southern Argentina and Chile, and on the offshore islands from the Grenadines southwards. It appears to be partly migratory, but it may only be when it needs more food. When it lays its eggs, it builds a small stick nest several meters up in a tree.

It is a close relative of the North American Mourning Dove.

Socorro dove

The Socorro dove ("Zenaida graysoni") is a dove that was endemic to Socorro Island on the west coast of Mexico. The last bird was seen there in 1972. For this reason, IUCN has classified the species as extinct in the wild. In captivity, there are not more than about 200 and probably fewer than 100 purebred birds. Because of this, a reintroduction program is being prepared.

It is a close relative of the mourning and eared doves. It was at one time considered a subspecies of the mourning dove.


Sean Bergenheim

Sean Bergenheim (born February 8, 1984 in Helsinki, Finland) is a professional Finnish ice hockey left winger that currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the New York Islanders with the 22nd overall pick in the 2002 NHL Draft.

He also played with the New York Islanders for 7 seasons before signing a one-year contract with the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 2009–10 offseason. He played for the Lightning for 1 season and was signed to a four-year contract worth $11 million with the Florida Panthers. He played in the FNL for Jokerit where he played three seasons and in the SEL for the Frölunda HC for one season.

Morehead State University

Morehead State University is a public, co-educational university in Morehead, Kentucky. The university has about 9,509 students. It was founded in 1887. The current president of the university is Dr. Wayne D. Andrews.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Eagles. They have 18 varsity teams and they compete in the Ohio Valley Conference.


University of Montana

University of Montana is a public university in Missoula, Montana. The university has about 15,642 students. It was founded in 1893. The current president of the university is Royce Engstrom. University of Montana's ranking in the 2022 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, #277. Its in-state tuition and fees are $7,492; out-of-state tuition and fees are $28,252.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Grizzlies except for the women's basketball team, which is called the Lady Griz. They have 14 varsity teams and they compete in the Big Sky Conference.


Northern Arizona University

Northern Arizona University is a public university in Flagstaff, Arizona. The university has about 22,204 students. It was founded in 1899. The current president of the university is John D. Haeger.

The men's athletics teams of the university are called the Lumberjacks. They have 15 varsity teams and they compete in the Big Sky Conference.


Big Sky Conference

The Big Sky Conference is a NCAA conference that play in the NCAA Division I. The conference is headquartered in Ogden, Utah and features universities and colleges from the Western United States. In football, the league plays in the second-level Division I FCS.

As of the 2017–18 school year, the Big Sky has 12 full members, or schools that play almost all of their sports in the conference. Of these schools, only Idaho does not play football in the conference. Its team in that sport plays in the top-level Division I FBS as a single-sport member of the Sun Belt Conference.

After the full Sun Belt members decided not to renew their football membership contract with Idaho when it expired after the 2017 season, Idaho decided to downgrade its football program to the FCS level and return to Big Sky football in 2018.

North Dakota left the non-football side of the Big Sky to join the Summit League, home to many of its traditional rivals, in 2018. The school's football team will join the Missouri Valley Football Conference in 2020. It played the 2018 season as an FCS independent (not in a conference), and will do so again in 2019. However, North Dakota still plays a full Big Sky football schedule, and games against North Dakota count in the Big Sky standings for other conference members.

The Big Sky has four "associate" members that play only one sport in the conference.

Portland State University

Portland State University is a public university in Portland, Oregon. The university has about 27,972 students. It was founded in 1946. The current president of the university is Wim Wiewel.

The men's athletics teams of the university are called the Vikings. They have 14 varsity teams and they compete in the Big Sky Conference.


Eastern Washington University

Eastern Washington University is a public university in Cheney, Washington. The university has about 10,750 students. It was founded in 1882. The current president of the university is Dr. Rodolfo Arévalo.

The men's athletics teams of the university are called the Eagles. They have 14 varsity teams and they compete in the Big Sky Conference.


Idaho State University

Idaho State University is a public university in Pocatello, Idaho. The university has about 15,553 students. It was founded in 1901. The current president of the university is Arthur C. Vailas, Ph.D. .

The men's athletics teams of the university are called the Bengals. They have 15 varsity teams and they compete in the Big Sky Conference.


University of Northern Colorado

The University of Northern Colorado is a public, coeducational university in Greeley, Colorado. The university has about 12,358 students. It was founded in 1889. The current president of the university is Kay Norton.

The men's athletics teams of the university are called the Bears. They have 15 varsity teams, almost all competing in the Big Sky Conference. The exceptions are three sports not sponsored by the Big Sky. Baseball plays in the Summit League, women's swimming & diving in the Western Athletic Conference, and men's wrestling in the Big 12 Conference.


Montana State University

Montana State University – Bozeman is a public university in Bozeman, Montana. The university has about 13,559 students. It was founded in 1893. The current president of the university is Waded Cruzado.

The men's athletics teams of the university are called the Bobcats. They have 15 varsity teams and they compete in the Big Sky Conference.


California State University, Sacramento

California State University, Sacramento, also known as Sacramento State University, is a public university in Sacramento, California. The university has about 29,241 students. It was founded in 1947. The current president of the university is Alexander Gonzalez.

The men's and women's sports teams of the university are called the Hornets. They have 21 varsity teams, almost all of which play in the Big Sky Conference. The baseball team plays in the Western Athletic Conference, and the women's rowing team is in the American Athletic Conference.


Weber State University

Weber State University is a public university in Ogden, Utah. The university has about 25,130 students. It was founded in 1889. The current president of the university is F. Ann Millner.

The men's athletics teams of the university are called the Wildcats. They have 15 varsity teams and they compete in the Big Sky Conference.


Virginia Commonwealth University

Virginia Commonwealth University is a public university in Richmond, Virginia. The university has about 32,436 students. It was founded in 1838. The current president of the university is Michael Rao, Ph.D. It came from a merger between the Richmond Professional Institute and the Medical College of Virginia in 1968. It has over 32,000 students. It is classified as having very high research activity by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Rams. They have 16 varsity teams that compete in the Atlantic 10 Conference.


Hofstra University

Hofstra University is a private university in Hempstead, New York. The university has about 12,400 students. It was founded in 1935. The current president of the university is Susan Poser.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Pride. They have 15 varsity teams and they compete in the Colonial Athletic Association.


Winona State University

Winona State University is an American public university in Winona, Minnesota. It is the oldest member of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system. WSU has more than 80 programs on its main campus. It was established in 1858.

George Mason University

George Mason University (also known as GMU or "Mason") is a public university in Fairfax, Virginia. The university has about 32,562 students. It was founded in 1957. The current president of the university is Alan G. Merten.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Patriots. They have 22 varsity teams, most of which compete in the Atlantic 10 Conference (A10). Mason has different conference memberships in two sports that the A10 does not sponsor. The men's volleyball team plays in the Eastern Intercollegiate Volleyball Association, and the wrestling team is a member of the Eastern Wrestling League.


Georgia State University

Georgia State University is a public university in Atlanta, Georgia. The university has about 31,533 students. It was founded in 1913. The current president of the university is Mark P. Becker.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Panthers. They have 16 varsity teams and they compete in the Sun Belt Conference.


James Madison University

James Madison University is a public university in Harrisonburg, Virginia. The university has about 18,971 students. It was founded in 1908. The current president of the university is Dr. Linwood H. Rose.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Dukes. They have 19 recognized varsity teams, six for men and 13 for women, with almost all competing in the Sun Belt Conference.


Béarnaise sauce

Béarnaise sauce () is a sauce made of clarified butter, egg yolks, and herbs. It is considered to be a 'child' of the mother Hollandaise sauce, one of the five mother sauces in French haute cuisine. The difference is only in their flavouring: Béarnaise uses shallot, chervil, peppercorn, and tarragon, while Hollandaise uses lemon juice.

In appearance it is light yellow and opaque, smooth and creamy.

Béarnaise is a traditional sauce for steak.

Although a similar recipe was published in 1818, Béarnaise sauce was likely first created by the chef Collinet, the inventor of puffed potatoes (), and served at the 1836 opening of "Le Pavillon Henri IV", a restaurant at Saint-Germain-en-Laye, not far from Paris. Evidence for this is reinforced by the fact that the restaurant was named for Henry IV of France, a gourmet himself, who was born in the former province of Béarn.

A Béarnaise sauce is simply clarified butter, an egg yolk, a shallot, a little tarragon vinegar. It takes years of practice for the result to be perfect.
Like Hollandaise sauce, there are several methods for the preparation of Béarnaise sauce. Please refer to the Preparation section of that article for basics. Here we highlight the differences.

The most common preparation is a "Bain-marie" method where a reduction of vinegar is used to acidify the yolks. Escoffier calls for a reduction of wine, vinegar, shallots, fresh chervil, fresh tarragon and crushed peppercorns (later strained out), with fresh tarragon and chervil to finish instead of lemon juice. Others are similar. Alternatively, the flavourings may be added to a finished Hollandaise ("sans" lemon juice).


Béarnaise sauce is often wrongly called "Bernaise sauce", as if it were from "Bern", the capital city of Switzerland, which is in no way connected with this sauce or its origins.

Some assume Béarnaise refers to the Béarn region, a former province now in the "département" of Pyrénées-Atlantiques, in southwestern Franceto refer to the region of Béarn However, the sauce has no tradition in the cooking of the area, and Larousse has the name honouring Henri IV of France, a native of Béarn, and for whom the restaurant where the sauce was first shown was named. Henri IV was often known as le Grand Béarnais

Some recipes are called à la béarnaise even when they are not accompanied by a Béarnaise sauce. This is because the recipes themselves are linked to the Béarn region. This added to confusion over the naming of the sauce.


Northeastern University

Northeastern University is a private university in Boston, Massachusetts. The university has about 20,749 students. It was founded in 1898. The current president of the university is Joseph Aoun.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Huskies. They have 17 varsity teams, most of which compete in the Colonial Athletic Association. The men's and women's ice hockey teams play in Hockey East.


Old Dominion University

Old Dominion University (ODU) is a public university in Norfolk, Virginia. The university has about 24,125 students. It was founded in 1930. The current president of the university is John R. Broderick.
In 2006, ODU started the Center to "“train teachers for success in urban school environments.” The Center connects communities with ODU's Program for Research and Evaluation in Public Schools (PREPS). PREPS helps schools comply with the No Child Left Behind Act. Both the Center and PREPS are parts of the Darden College of Education.

Phillip A. Hamilton was Vice Chairman of the Appropriations Committee of the Virginia House of Delegates. Hamilton and three other people wanted the part-time job of leading the center. ODU hired Hamilton. Hamilton then sponsored amendments to the Virginia budget that gave the Center $500,000. ODU paid Hamilton about $80,000 between 2007 and 2009. In 2009, the United States federal government began investigating Hamilton for bribery and extortion. Hamilton left ODU in August 2009. Later that year, Hamilton lost his reelection. In January 2011, Hamilton was indicted in federal court. Prosecutors used Hamilton's emails to show how his job was tied to the budget increase. On August 12, 2011, Hamilton was sentenced to 114 months in prison.

The sports teams of the university are called the Monarchs (men, plus most women's teams) and Lady Monarchs (historically used for women's teams, but today only for women's basketball). They have 18 varsity teams. most of which compete in the Sun Belt Conference (SBC). Four ODU women's sports and one men's sport play in other conferences because the SBC does not have enough teams in those sports to run a league. Women's field hockey plays in the Big East Conference, women's lacrosse and rowing in the American Athletic Conference, women's swimming & diving in Conference USA (which had been ODU's full-time home from 2013 to 2022), and men's swimming & diving in the Coastal Collegiate Sports Association.


Towson University

Towson University (TU) is a public university in Towson, Maryland. The university has about 20,856 students. It was founded in 1866. The current president of the university is Dr. Kim Schatzel.

It started in Baltimore as State Norman School in 1866. TU moved to Towson in 1915. In 1935, the name was changed to State Teachers College at Towson because Maryland opened more colleges. In 1963, TU became Towson State College. In 1976 the name changed to Towson State University. Finally, in 1997, it became Towson University.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Tigers. They have 18 varsity teams and they compete in the Colonial Athletic Association.


University of North Carolina Wilmington

The University of North Carolina Wilmington is a public, coeducational university in Wilmington, North Carolina. The university has about 16,000 students. It was founded in 1947. The current chancellor of the university is Jose V. Sartarelli.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Seahawks. They have 19 varsity teams and they compete in the Coastal Athletic Association.

Faculty include Herbert Berg, philosophy and religion.


Şebnem Sönmez

Şebnem Sönmez (full name Tevhide Şebnem Sönmez, born June 5, 1968) in Istanbul, Turkey. She is a Turkish theatre and cinema actress.

Sönmez started to develop her experience of playing in a theatre in Istanbul Pendik Youth Theatre while she was a student in high school. Sönmez took part in the theatre plays at the Kartal Art Theatre and Taner Barlas Mim Theatre. After completing her diploma from Istanbul State Conservatory, she worked at Dormen Theatre. Sönmez made appearances in numerous television series and continued her theatre experience at Besiktas Cultural Center. She taught theatre in kindergarten, primary and high school. While she was teaching in a school as a grade teacher, she founded a theatre group named ""Yaz Tiyatrosu"" (Summer Theatre) in her school and she continued her acting.



Şebnem Sönmez was married to Olgun Şimşek.


Coastal Athletic Association

The Coastal Athletic Association (CAA), known before July 20, 2023 as the Colonial Athletic Association, is a NCAA conference that plays in NCAA Division I. The conference is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and features universities and colleges from the Eastern United States.

The CAA was founded in 1979 when the Eastern College Athletic Conference (ECAC) split its basketball league into several conferences. It was first known as the ECAC South Basketball League, and became the Colonial Athletic Association in 1985 when it added other sports. The first word of the conference name was changed to "Coastal" in 2023.

The CAA plays 23 sports in all—10 for men and 13 for women. Its (American) football league is a separate conference marketed as CAA Football (in full, the Coastal Athletic Association Football Conference).

These colleges and universities are "full members" of the CAA, meaning that they play almost all of the sports that the CAA sponsors.

The CAA has run a separate football conference, branded as CAA Football, since the 2007 season. CAA Football plays in Division I FCS (Football Championship Subdivision), the lower of two levels of NCAA Division I football. Although the multi-sports CAA dates only to 1979, the football conference officially traces its history to 1947, and its history can be traced further back to the late 1930s.

In 1938, five schools in New England formed the New England Conference. When one of the schools left in 1945, the other schools joined with two other New England schools to form the Yankee Conference, which began play in 1947. CAA Football does not include the New England Conference in its own history, but instead considers the Yankee Conference to be its earliest ancestor. In 1975, the Yankee Conference dropped all sports other than football, and over time many schools outside of New England joined the league. Due to changes in NCAA rules in 1997, the Yankee Conference merged into the Atlantic 10 Conference (A-10). After the CAA announced plans to start a football league in 2007, all of the A-10 football teams decided to join the CAA for that sport, and the CAA created the separate conference of CAA Football.

Of the members of the multi-sports CAA, Campbell, Delaware, Elon, Hampton, Monmouth, North Carolina A&T, Stony Brook, Towson, and William & Mary have football teams. The other schools that play in CAA Football are:

The CAA has several other associate members, each of which plays one sport in the conference. In addition to these, CAA Football member Villanova became a single-sport member of the multi-sports CAA in 2015.


University of North Carolina at Greensboro

The University of North Carolina at Greensboro is a public university in Greensboro, North Carolina. The university has about 18,502 students. It was founded in 1891. The current chancellor of the university is Linda P. Brady.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Spartans. They have 16 varsity teams and they compete in the Southern Conference.


East Tennessee State University

East Tennessee State University is a public university in Johnson City, Tennessee. The university has about 15,000 students. It was founded in 1911. The current president of the university is Brian Noland.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Buccaneers. They have 18 varsity teams, most of which compete in the Southern Conference. The football team, which will resume play in 2015 after a 12-year absence, will play the 2015 season as an independent (not in a conference).


Berliner (doughnut)

A Berliner is a type of doughnut from Germany and Europe.

They are made from sweet yeast dough fried in fat or oil, with a marmalade or jam filling and usually icing, powdered sugar or conventional sugar on top. They are sometimes made with chocolate, champagne, custard, mocha, or "advocaat" filling, or with no filling at all. The filling is injected with a large syringe after the pastry is fried.

The name of the doughnut is different in various areas of Germany. Most areas in German speaking regions call it a "Berliner". Residents of Berlin, Brandenburg and Saxony often know them as "Pfannkuchen", which in the rest of Germany generally means pancakes - pancakes are known there as "Eierkuchen" (lit. egg cakes). In parts of southern and central Germany (Bavaria), as well as in much of Austria, they are a variety of "Krapfen"; in Hessen they are referred to as "Kräppel" or "Kreppel", or, in Palatinate, "Fastnachtsküchelchen" (literally: "little carnival cakes").

In South Tirol, part of northern Italy, the food is called "krafen" or "krapfen". In Slovenia, it is "krof"; in Croatia "krafne"; in Bosnia, and Serbia "krofne". In Poland they are known as "pączki", in the Czech Republic as kobliha. In Hungary, it is called "fánk". All of these are essentially identical preparations. In Spain it is called "Berlinesa". In the Netherlands it is called "Berlinerbol". IN France it is called "Boule de Berlin".

In English-speaking countries, Berliners are often called doughnuts and are usually filled with jam, jelly, custard or whipped cream. However, in South Australia, the Kitchener bun is a Berliner cut on the side for the filling of jam and cream. In Anglophone North America, the most common term for the jam- or jelly-filled pastry is "jelly doughnut". The name is somewhat misleading, since the jam or jelly used is specially made with less pectin, so that it does not "set" like jams and jellies manufactured for table use but has a consistency comparable to Bavarian cream.

The cream or custard-filled variety usually also feature chocolate icing and are sometimes called Bavarian cream or Boston cream doughnuts (the latter name from its resemblance to Boston cream pie). The Boston cream doughnut has been designated the official state doughnut of Massachusetts.

In Ontario and the prairie western provinces of Canada, as well as parts of the Midwest in the U.S., such a round jelly- or custard-filled doughnut is commonly called a "Bismarck," while a filled bar doughnut is called a "Long John", and usually contains pastry creme, custard or whipped cream but can contain a jelly filling. Other Canadian terms include "jambuster" in Manitoba, and "Burlington bun" in Nova Scotia.

Berliners are traditionally eaten to celebrate on New Year's Eve ("Silvester") as well as the carnival holidays (Mardi Gras). A common German practical joke is to secretly fill some Berliners with mustard instead of jam and serve them together with regular Berliners without telling anyone.

In Portugal, berliners are slightly bigger than their German counterparts. They are known as "bolas de Berlim" (Berlin ball) and the filling is always an egg-yolk- based yellow cream called "creme pasteleiro" (lit. confectioner's cream). The filling is inserted after a half- length cut and is always visible. Regular sugar is used to sprinkle on it. They can be found in almost every pastry shop in the country. 

Such versions are also found in Latin America, in Chile, Uruguay and Argentina, where it's not only filled with custard (called "Crema pastelera"), but with jam (especially red ones) or manjar blanco. In Brazil, berliners are called "sonhos" (dreams) and traditionally filled with yellow cream (called simply "creme"). Some modern variants filled with "doce de leite" (a type of milk jam), or a mix of chocolate and "doce de leite", can be found in Rio de Janeiro's bakeries.

In Israel, a version of the pastry called "sufganiyah" is traditionally eaten during the holiday of Hanukkah. While sufganiyot are usually filled with jam, many modern variants exist.


Campbell University

Campbell University is a private, coeducational baptist university in Buies Creek, North Carolina. The university has about 10,471 students. It was founded in 1887. The current president of the university is Jerry M. Wallace.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Fighting Camels. They have 18 varsity teams which mostly compete in the Coastal Athletic Association (CAA), with its (American) football team playing in CAA Football, a league run by the multi-sports CAA as a separate organization.


Belmont University

Belmont University is a private, coeducational university in Nashville, Tennessee. The university has about 5,936 students. It was founded in 1890. The current president of the university is Robert Fisher.

The athletics teams of the university, called the Bruins, mostly play in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC). The men's tennis team plays in the Horizon League because the MVC sponsors tennis only for women.


Florida Gulf Coast University

Florida Gulf Coast University is a public, coeducational university in Fort Myers, Florida. The university has about 12,024 students. It was founded in 1991. The current president of the university is Wilson G. Bradshaw.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Eagles and they have 15 varsity teams. They compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference.


Jacksonville University

Jacksonville University is a private university in Jacksonville, Florida, United States. The university has about 3,600 students. It was founded in 1934. The current president of the university is Kerry D. Romesburg.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Dolphins and they have 20 varsity teams. They compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference.


Kennesaw State University

Kennesaw State University is a public, coeducational university in Kennesaw, Georgia. The university has about 23,452 students. It was founded in 1963. The current president of the university is Daniel S. Papp.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Owls and they have 15 varsity teams. Most teams compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference (A-Sun). The football team, which began play in 2015, plays in the Big South Conference because the A-Sun does not sponsor football.


Lipscomb University

Lipscomb University is a private, coeducational university in Nashville, Tennessee. The university has about 3,742 students. It was founded in 1891. The current president of the university is Candice McQueen.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Bisons and they compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference.


Clay County, Illinois

Clay County is a county in Illinois.

Clay County, Indiana

Clay County is a county in Indiana. Its county seat is Brazil.

Mercer University

Mercer University is a private, coeducational university in Macon, Georgia. The university has about 8,000 students. It was founded in 1833. The current president of the university is William D. Underwood.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Bears. They have 19 varsity teams that mostly compete in the Southern Conference (SoCon). Two women's sports that are not sponsored by the SoCon, beach volleyball and lacrosse, play in the Atlantic Sun Conference.


University of North Florida

The University of North Florida (UNF) is a public university in Jacksonville, Florida. The university has about 16,509 students. Its campus comprises 1,300 acres amid a natural preserve on Jacksonville's Southside. It was founded in 1969. The current president is David Szymanski.

UNF was established in 1965 and began offering classes in 1972. UNF was initially designated an upper division college for juniors and seniors. It began admitting freshmen in 1984.

The university has 220 clubs and organizations for students as well as an active student government and Greek life. The student-run newspaper "The Spinnaker" is published monthly. The university's intercollegiate athletics teams are known as the Ospreys, and are currently members of the Atlantic Sun Conference in NCAA Division I.

The university was founded in 1969 after midway between downtown Jacksonville and the Jacksonville Beaches were set aside for the campus, of which were donated by the Skinner family of Jacksonville. Construction on classrooms and buildings began in 1971 and UNF opened in the fall of 1972 with an initial enrollment of 2,027 juniors, seniors and graduate students, supported by 117 faculty and more than 150 staff. Originally, like the other Florida state institutions opened around this time, UNF was designated as a "senior" college, meaning that it would enroll only upperclassmen and graduate students.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Ospreys. They have 10 varsity teams. They compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference.


University of South Carolina Upstate

University of South Carolina Upstate is a public university in Spartanburg, South Carolina. The university has about 4,608 students. It was founded in 1967. The current chancellor of the university is Dr. John C. Stockwell.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Spartans. They have 13 varsity teams. They compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference.


Stetson University

Stetson University is a private, co-educational university in DeLand, Florida. The university has about 2,200 students. It was founded in 1883. The current president of the university is Wendy B. Libby. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Hatters. They compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference.


Atlantic Sun Conference

The ASUN Conference is a NCAA conference whose members play in NCAA Division I. The conference is headquartered in Atlanta and mostly features universities and colleges from the southeastern United States. The ASUN did not play football until 2022, when it began play in the second level of Division I football, the Football Championship Subdivision (FCS).

The ASUN began in 1978 as the Trans America Athletic Conference (TAAC). It became the Atlantic Sun Conference in 2001 and rebranded itself as the ASUN Conference in 2016.

As of the 2022–23 school year, the ASUN has 14 full members, or schools that play almost all of their sports in the conference.

The ASUN has added five members in the 2020s. First, three schools, one a returning member, joined in 2021. The first-time members were the University of Central Arkansas and Eastern Kentucky University, which respectively arrived from the Southland Conference and Ohio Valley Conference (OVC). Jacksonville State University, which had been an ASUN member from 1995 to 2003, returned after spending 18 years in the OVC. At that time, the ASUN technically began sponsoring football, but did not start conference play. It partnered with the Western Athletic Conference, which was launching an FCS football league in the fall 2021 season. Under the agreement, the three newest members, all of which play FCS football, became de facto WAC football members for that season only. 

The next membership change came in July 2022 with the arrival of football-sponsoring Austin Peay State University from the OVC and non-football Queens University of Charlotte from the Division II South Atlantic Conference. When Peay was announced as an incoming ASUN member, it gave the conference six members that play FCS football and award scholarships for that sport, which is the number of teams needed for a conference to receive an automatic bid to the FCS playoffs. However, the ASUN would lose one of those six members when Jacksonville State announced a 2023 move to Conference USA (C-USA). JSU began a transition to FBS in 2022, making it ineligible for the FCS playoffs. The WAC lost two of its planned six playoff-eligible members in 2022, with Sam Houston starting an FBS transition ahead of its 2023 move to C-USA and Incarnate Word backing out of a planned move to the WAC and remaining in the Southland Conference. This led the ASUN and WAC to renew their football partnership for 2022. Both conferences will play separate league schedules, with officials from each conference choosing their one automatic playoff team. The new ASUN football league, launching in 2022, will feature Austin Peay, the three 2021 arrivals, Kennesaw State, and North Alabama. Three other ASUN schools sponsor football but will not play that sport in the ASUN. Stetson plays in the Pioneer Football League, whose members do not award football scholarships; Liberty plays as an independent in the top level of D-I football, the Football Bowl Subdivision; and Bellarmine began play in sprint football, a weight-restricted form of the sport not run by the NCAA, in 2022.

The ASUN also has 12 "associate members" that play one or two sports in the conference while being full members of another conference. Seven of these schools, plus full members Bellarmine and Jacksonville, make up the ASUN men's lacrosse league, restarted in the 2021–22 school year (2022 season) after having been shut down when the ASUN began a lacrosse partnership with the Southern Conference (SoCon). Four more schools joined in July 2021. Two returned women's lacrosse to the ASUN after the SoCon shut down its women's lacrosse league, and three joined in beach volleyball.

After the Atlantic 10 Conference started a men's lacrosse league for the 2023 season, taking away two of the SoCon's six men's lacrosse members, the SoCon shut down its men's lacrosse league. Jacksonville, which had played in SoCon men's lacrosse in the 2022 season by agreement between the ASUN and SoCon, returned that sport to the ASUN. It was joined in ASUN men's lacrosse by Mercer, a full SoCon member that was already an ASUN beach volleyball member, and Lindenwood, which started a transition to D-I in 2022 as a new member of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC), which does not sponsor the sport. Lindenwood also joined the ASUN in women's lacrosse, also not sponsored by the OVC, at that time.

The "Joined" column shows the year in which a school joined the ASUN. Since all ASUN sports that have associate members (beach volleyball and men's and women's lacrosse) are spring sports, this means the year of joining is the calendar year before the first season of ASUN play. 

Higher Learning

Higher Learning is a 1995 American drama movie directed by John Singleton and starring Ice Cube, Laurence Fishburne, Tyra Banks, Jennifer Connelly, Kristy Swanson and Omar Epps. Its subjects include racial prejudice, crime and struggles with sexuality taking place at a fictional university.

‏‎
Oomycete

The Oomycota are a class in a huge phylum of eukaryotic microorganisms called the heterokonts. Oomycetes are a distinct phylogenetic line of fungus-like microorganisms.

They are not actually fungi, though some have filaments as fungi do. Like fungi, they are saprophytic and pathogenic. also like fungi, oomycetes rarely have septa, and if they do, they are scarce.

They are microscopic organisms that reproduce both sexually and asexually. Oomycetes are some of the most prolific pathogens of plants, causing devastating diseases such as potato blight and sudden oak death.

They are often referred to as water moulds (or moulds), although the water-loving nature which led to that name is not true of most species, which are terrestrial pathogens.

Most oomycetes produce two types of spores. The main dispersing spores are asexual, self-mobile spores called zoospores. These do chemotaxis toward a food source in surface water. A few oomycetes produce asexual spores that are distributed by wind. Oomycetes also produce sexual spores, called "oospores". These are translucent, double-walled, spherical structures which can survive harsh conditions.

Hurricane Helene (1958)

Hurricane Helene was one of the most powerful Atlantic storms of 1958. The storm's peak winds were 135 miles per hour. This hurricane moved north of the West Indies and brushed the United States' east coast. Helene was the only hurricane to affect the United States in 1958.

Garter snake

The garter snake ("Thamnophis sirtalis") is a Colubrid snake.

It is common across North America between Alaska/Canada and Central America. It is the single most widely distributed genus of reptiles in North America. It is famous for its resistance to the poison produced by the rough-skinned newt. Garter snakes are actually venomous, just not to humans, since the amount of toxin in their saliva is too weak to really cause damage to a human. The worst they could do to you is musk on you or bite you and leave a harmless rash. In fact, cat bites are probably more serious than garter snake bites. They prey on rodents, small fish, small birds, salamanders, earthworms (not red wigglers, as they are bad for them) insects, and insect larva. They are attracted to water sources and hiding spots. You can identify a garter snake because almost every species has a stripe running down its back, the color varying and depending on the species, as there are many different species of garter snakes. They are incredibly common animals, settling in backyards and local woods. As you read this, there is probably at least one garter slithering in the nature-filled area behind you, whatever that may be. All snakes like to hide, and garters are no exception, even if they are incredibly common and small. They hide under leaves, trees, bricks and rocks stacked up, plants, sticks, and anything they can find. If you are trying to "catch" a garter, look for them under these places, and you just might find them. Like most snakes, female garters tend to be longer than the males, so that's one form of sexing them. 

James Storm

James Allan Black (born June 1, 1977 in Franklin, Tennessee) is an American professional wrestler who is better known by the ring name, James Storm and is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling where he was once one-half of the wrestling stable, "Beer Money, Inc." with Robert Roode. Storm is a six-time NWA World Tag Team Champion with Chris Harris (six) and Christopher Daniels (one), five-time and current TNA World Tag Team Champion with Gunner (one and current) and Robert Roode, two-time World Beer Drinking Champion. Storm also won the Asylum Alliance Tag Team Tournament in 2003 with Harris, the Team 3D Invitational Tag Team Tournament in 2009 with Roode and the TNA Tag Team Championship Series in 2010 with Roode.


Hernandez (wrestler)

Shawn Hernandez (born February 11, 1973 in Houston, Texas) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known by the ring name, Hernandez. He is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. Hernandez is also known for forming the tag team stable, The Latin American Xchange with Homicide which ended when he was betrayed by Homicide and was attacked by him on the September 10 edition of TNA Impact!. 

He has been a two time NWA World Tag Team Champion with Homicide and a two time TNA World Tag Team Champion with Homicide (once) and Matt Morgan (once). He also won the Deuces Wild Tournament in 2008 with Homicide.

His finishing move is called the "Border Toss" which is a throwing crucifix powerbomb.


Albany County, Wyoming

Albany County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming, and was created on December 16, 1868. As of 2020, 37,066 people lived there. Albany County's seat is Laramie.






Natrona County, Wyoming

Natrona County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It was created on December 16, 1868. As of 2020, 79,955 people lived there. Natrona County's seat is Casper.





Manufacturing engineering

Manufacturing engineering is a field of engineering dealing with the design, development, and implementation of integrated systems of humans, machines, and information resources to provide products and services.

Manufacturing engineering applies knowledge and skills in the physical, social, engineering, and management sciences, as well as in human sciences, computer systems and information technologies, manufacturing processes, operations research, production, and automation.


Nuclear engineering

Nuclear engineering is a field of engineering dealing with application of atomic nuclei breakdown and other sub-atomic physics, based on the principles of nuclear physics. It includes the interaction and maintenance of nuclear fission systems and components such as nuclear reactors, nuclear power plants, and nuclear weapons.

Nuclear engineering also includes the study of nuclear fusion, medical and other applications of radiation, radiation safety, heat transport, nuclear fuel and other related technologies, nuclear proliferation, and the effect of radioactive waste or radioactivity on the environment.


Edie Falco

Edie Falco (born July 5, 1963) is an American movie, television and stage actress. She plays Carmela in HBO's "The Sopranos". She starred in "Nurse Jackie" as the title character. She also acted in many movies.

Cymbeline

The Tragedy of Cymbeline is a play by William Shakespeare. It is based on a story in a book called "Holinshed's Chronicles" by Raphael Holinshed. Shakespeare also used "History of the Kings of Britain" by Geoffrey of Monmouth about the real-life British king Cunobelinus. Shakespeare also used a story in a book by Giovanni Boccaccio called "Decameron" for some details. The first known performance was in April 1611. It was first printed in 1623 in the First Folio, a collection of all of Shakespeare's plays. 


Systems engineering

Systems engineering is a field of engineering that deals with complex engineering projects which should be designed and managed over the life cycle of the project. Therefore, issues such as logistics, the coordination of different teams, and automatic control of machinery become really complicated. Systems engineering deals with work-processes and tools to handle such projects. For this, it applies both technical and human-centered disciplines such as control engineering, industrial engineering, organizational studies, and project management.

Leigh Francis

Leigh Francis (born 30 April 1973) is an English comedy performer best known for his portrayal of foreign celebrity-obsessed character Avid Merrion in Channel 4 comedy programme "Bo' Selecta!", as well as Northern businessman Keith Lemon in "Keith Lemon's Very Brilliant World Tour" and "Celebrity Juice". As Keith Lemon, he has also made many appearances on "Big Brother's" companion shows "Big Brother's Little Brother" and "Big Brother's Big Mouth".


Hurricane Flora

Hurricane Flora was among the deadliest Atlantic hurricanes. This hurricane happened in Autumn 1963. The storm hit southwestern Haiti at peak intensity (her winds peaked at 145 miles per hour). Flora then drifted over Cuba for almost four days before heading northeast into the Atlantic. Between seven thousand and eight thousand people died due to Flora. At that time, the death toll was the most from any storm since the Galveston Hurricane in September 1900. The name Flora was later retired.

Dance-pop

Dance-pop is a genre of pop music that originated in the 1980s and is still popular nowadays. It incorporates elements of normal pop music, and it is (usually) fast-paced and upbeat. This is a common genre for many artists, including Lady Gaga, Michael Jackson, Madonna, Rihanna, Kesha, Britney Spears, Whitney Houston, Janet Jackson, and Katy Perry.

Electropop

Electropop (also called technopop) is a musical genre in which electronic music and pop music are combined together. The genre has been popular since the 1990s, 2000s and 2010s. "Electropop" is the short form of "electronic pop".

Doc Walker

Doc Walker is a country music band from Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada, which is near Winnipeg. Band members are Murray Pulver - guitars and vocals, Chris Thorsteinson - lead vocals and guitars, Dave Wasyliw - vocals and guitars. They have been together since the band formed in 1995, have been called "the hardest working country band in Canada".

They have had several Top 10 songs on the charts. Hits include "Beautiful Life", "From Here", and "I'm Gonna Make You Love Me". Other great songs are "That Train", "North Dakota Boy", "Rocket Girl", "Driving With the Breaks On", "Coming Home", and "Whoever Made Those Rules". 

“Simplicity is the best hook sometimes,” - Chris Thorsteinson.


Mechatronics engineering

Mechatronics (or mechatronic engineering) is a combination of mechanical engineering, electronic engineering, computer engineering, control engineering, and systems-design engineering in order to design and manufacture some useful products. Mechatronics is an engineering system design that combines several areas of study and avoids splitting engineering into separate disciplines.


Tree of life (biology)

The tree of life is a metaphor which expresses the idea that all life is related by common descent.

Charles Darwin was the first to use this metaphor in modern biology. It had been used many times before for other purposes.

The "evolutionary tree" shows the relationships among various biological groups. It includes data from DNA, RNA and protein analysis.

Tree of life work is a product of traditional comparative anatomy, and modern molecular evolution and molecular clock research. Below is a simplified version of present-day understanding. 
Jean-Baptiste Lamarck (1744–1829) produced the first branching tree of animals in his "Philosophie Zoologique" (1809). It was an upside-down tree starting with worms and ending with mammals. However, Lamarck did not believe in common descent of all life. Instead, he believed that life consists of separate parallel lines advancing from simple to complex.

The American geologist Edward Hitchcock (1763–1864) published in 1840 the first tree of life based on paleontology in his "Elementary Geology". On the vertical axis are paleontological periods. Hitchcock made a separate tree for plants (left) and animals (right). The plant and animal trees are not connected at the bottom of the chart. Furthermore, each tree starts with multiple origins. However, they were not "evolutionary" trees, because Hitchcock believed that a deity was the agent of change.

The first edition of Robert Chambers' "Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation" was published anonymously in 1844. It contained a tree-like diagram in the chapter 'Hypothesis of the development of the vegetable and animal kingdoms'. It shows a model of embryological development where fish (F), reptiles (R), and birds (B) represent branches from a path leading to mammals (M).

In the text this branching tree idea is tentatively applied to the history of life on earth: "there may be branching".

Charles Darwin (1809–1882) was the first to produce an evolutionary tree of life. He was very cautious about the possibility of reconstructing the history of life. In "On the Origin of Species" (1859) Chapter IV he presented an abstract diagram of a theoretical tree of life for species of an unnamed large genus (see figure).

In Darwin's own words: "Thus, the small differences distinguishing varieties of the same species, will steadily tend to increase till they come to equal the greater differences between species of the same genus, or even of distinct genera."

This is a branching pattern with no names given to species, unlike the more linear tree Ernst Haeckel made years later.

In his summary to the section as revised in the 6th edition of 1872, Darwin explains his views on the Tree of Life:

The model of a tree is still considered valid for eukaryotic life forms. Research into the earliest branches of the eukaryote tree suggests a tree with either four supergroups, or two supergroups. There does not yet appear to be a consensus; in a review article, Roger and Simpson conclude that "with the current pace of change in our understanding of the eukaryote tree of life, we should proceed with caution".

Biologists now recognize that the prokaryotes, the bacteria and archaea have the ability to transfer genetic information between unrelated organisms through horizontal gene transfer (HGT). Recombination, gene loss, duplication, and gene creation are a few of the processes by which genes can be transferred within and between bacterial and archaeal species, causing variation that is not due to vertical transfer.
There is emerging evidence of HGT occurring within the prokaryotes at the single and multicell level and the view is now emerging that the tree of life gives an incomplete picture of life's evolution. It was a useful tool in understanding the basic processes of evolution but cannot explain the full complexity of the situation.


Three's Company

Three's Company is an American situation comedy. It aired on the ABC network. It began in March 1977 and ended in September 1984.

The show is a remake of the British sitcom "Man About the House". Nowadays the domestic distribution rights are handled by creator Don L. Taffner's estate and the international rights are handled by FremantleMedia (whose company Thames originated the sitcom "Man About the House").

The show is set in Santa Monica, California. It is about a man pretending to be gay so his landlord won't evict him, it is also about financial struggling such as the roommates not being able to pay their rent. The sitcom heavily relies on innuendo and sexy misunderstandings. It is also a comedy of errors. The show had two spinoffs also based on Britcoms: "The Ropers" ("George & Mildred") & "Three's a Crowd" ("Robin's Nest").

The series was later the subject of the made-for-TV movie "". The movie showed how cast changes led to the show ending.


Filmation

Filmation Associates or Filmation Studios was an American production company that produced animated television series and live action programming during the late 20th century. Founded in 1963, the company was in Reseda, California.






Theriodont

Theriodonts are a major group of therapsids. They are a clade which include not only the traditional theriodonts, but also their descendants the mammals as well (in the same way that theropod dinosaurs include the birds as a sub-clade).

They can be defined in traditional terms as a suborder of Synapsida that lived from the Middle Permian to the Middle Cretaceous. Theriodonts appeared about 265 million years ago, in the Middle Permian. Even these early theriodonts were more mammal-like than their relatives. 

Theriodonts fall into three main groups: Gorgonopsia, Therocephalia and Cynodontia. Early theriodonts may have been warm-blooded. Early forms were carnivorous, but several later groups became herbivorous during the Triassic. 

Theriodont jaws were more mammal-like than was the case of other therapsids, because their dentary (lower jaw) was larger, which gave them more efficient chewing. Several other bones that were previously on the lower jaw, moved into the ears, allowing the theriodonts to hear better and their mouths to open wider. This made the theriodonts the most successful group of synapsids. 

Eutheriodonts refer to all theriodonts except the gorgonopsians (the most primitive group). They included the therocephalians, cynodonts and their descendants – the mammals. The name means "true beast tooth". The eutheriodonts have larger skulls, accommodating larger brains and improved jaw muscles. 

The theriodonts (eutheriodonts) are one of the two synapsid survivors of the great Permian–Triassic extinction event, the other being the dicynodonts. Therocephalians included both carnivorous and herbivorous forms; both died out after the Lower Triassic. 

The remaining theriodonts, the cynodonts, also included carrnivores such as "Cynognathus", as well as newly evolved herbivorous Traversodonts. While Traversodonts for the most part remained medium-sized to reasonably large (length of largest species up to 2 meters), the carnivorous forms became progressively smaller as the Triassic progressed. 

By the Upper Triassic the small cynodonts included the rodent-like tritylodonts (possibly related to or descended from travsersodonts), and the tiny, shrew-like, trithelodonts, which evolved into the first mammals. The trithelodonts died out during the Jurassic, and the tritylodonts survived in the Cretaceous, but the mammals continued to evolve. Many mammal groups managed to survive the Cretaceous–Tertiary extinction event, which wiped out the non-avian dinosaurs, allowing the mammals to diversify and dominate the Earth.

Laura Ingraham

Laura Ingraham (born 19 June 1964) is an American conservative political commentator, author and radio host. Her nationally syndicated talk show "The Laura Ingraham Show" was broadcast for nine years on the Talk Radio Network. She has been known for her controversial statements against the left wing party.

Peptide bond

A peptide bond is a special chemical bond that happens between two amino acids. In the reaction (called condensation), the two amino acids are combined into a "dipeptide". 

Repenomamus

Repenomamus is the largest known mammal from the Cretaceous period. Its fossil was found in Manchuria.

There is good evidence that it fed on dinosaurs. It is not known whether "Repenomamus" was a hunter or a scavenger.

"Repenomamus" was carnivorous. A specimen of "R. robustus" has been discovered with the fragmentary skeleton of a juvenile "Psittacosaurus" preserved in its stomach. 

This is the strongest evidence that Mesozoic mammals fed on dinosaurs, though there were earlier indications of this.

The larger species, "R. giganticus", is the largest mammal known from the Cretaceous. "R. giganticus" was more than 1 metre (39 inches) long and weighed about 12–14 kg (26–31 lb). Its skull measures 16 cm (6.25 in) long, its body 52 cm (20.5 in), and the preserved part of its tail 36 cm (14 in). 

The fossils were recovered from the lagerstätte of the Yixian Formation in the Liaoning Province of China, renowned for its extraordinarily well-preserved fossils of feathered dinosaurs. They have been dated to 130 million years ago, during the Lower Cretaceous period.

"Repenomamus" is a genus of triconodonts, a group of mammaliaformes with no modern relatives. 

Frederick William III of Prussia

Frederick William III () (3 August 1770 – 7 June 1840) was king of Prussia from 1797 to 1840.

Frederick William was born in Potsdam in 1770 as the son of Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia and Frederika Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt. He was considered to be a shy and reserved boy,

As a soldier he received the usual training of a Prussian prince, obtained his lieutenancy in 1784, became a colonel in 1790, and took part in the campaigns against France of 1792-1794. On December 24, 1793, Frederick William married Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. They had ten children. In the "Kronprinzenpalais" (Crown Prince's palace) in Berlin, Frederick William lived a civil life with a problem-free marriage, which did not change even when he became King of Prussia in 1797.

He succeeded to the throne on 16 November 1797 and took over personal power without giving responsibility to his ministers. Unfortunately he was not able to follow a consistent course for himself.
His sense of duty can be seen from this quote:

At first Frederick William tried to follow a policy of neutrality in the Napoleonic Wars. But in the end he entered into war in October 1806. On 14 October 1806, at the Battle of Jena-Auerstädt, the French defeated the Prussian army, and it collapsed. The royal family fled to East Prussia, where Emperor Alexander I of Russia (who, rumour has it, had fallen in love with Queen Louise) helped them against Napoleon.

But Alexander was defeated as well. At Tilsit France made peace with Russia and Prussia. Napoleon dealt with Prussia very harshly, Prussia lost many of its Polish territories, as well as all territory west of the Elbe, and had to pay for French troops that occupied Prussia.

Although Frederick William himself resigned to Prussia's fate, his ministers set about a reform of Prussia's administration and military.
After Napoleon's defeat in Russia (1813) Frederick William turned against France and signed an alliance with Russia. Prussian troops played a key part in the victories of the allies in 1813 and 1814.

At the Congress of Vienna, Frederick William's ministers succeeded in securing important territorial increases for Prussia. After the war, Frederick William did not keep the promises he had made in 1813 to supply Prussia with a constitution.

He died on 7 June 1840. His eldest son, Frederick William IV, succeeded him.


Population growth

Population growth is the rate at which a population grows or expands. For example, if a population increased from 100 to 110 in a year, then it would have had a population growth of 10% per year.

World population has been rising since the end of the Black Death, around the year 1350. 

Population began growing rapidly in the Western world during the industrial revolution. Several factors were notable: the coming of modern agriculture, and the control of epidemic diseases (black death, cholera, typhus). Modern water engineering brought clean water to many large cities. Deaths from world wars, especially WWI, reversed the trend, but only for a while. 

The most significant increase in the world's population has been since the 1950s in Asia and Latin America. Medical advances, and increases in farming, have been the main causes.

A single example is both astonishing and revealing. Since 1945, half the forests of Indonesia have been replaced with farmland. As late as 1900, Indonesia was still a densely forested country: forests covered 84 percent of the total land area. Deforestation became serious in the 1970s, and has gone faster since then. About 170 million hectares (estimated in 1900) decreased to less than 100 million hectares by the end of the 20th century. In 2008, it was estimated that tropical rainforests in Indonesia would be logged out in a decade. Of the total logging in Indonesia, up to 80% is said to be done illegally.



Olathe, Kansas

Olathe is a city in Johnson County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Johnson County. In 2020, 141,290 people lived in Olathe. It is the fourth biggest city in Kansas. 

Olathe was created by Dr. John T. Barton in Spring 1857. He came to the center of Johnson County, Kansas. He later told about his ride to friends: "...the prairie was covered with verbena and other wild flowers. I kept thinking the land was beautiful and that I should name the town Beautiful." Purportedly, Barton asked a Shawnee interpreter how to say "Beautiful" in his native language. The interpreter responded, "Olathe."

Olathe was incorporated in 1857. It was not the first city in Johnson County. Because it grew very quickly, it became the county seat in October 1859. Growing hatred across the United States about the issue of slavery led to many fights between abolitionist settlers and nearby slave state Missouri. These fights would grow, and they would become a part of the bigger fight known as Bleeding Kansas. When Kansas became a state in 1861, it was a free state. When it became a state, violence stopped. Peace, however, would continue to elude Olathe for many years to come. In 1861 Union officials and local military forces created a military post in the city. It had one company of soldiers, and it had the local militia.

On September 6, 1862, William Quantrill led guerrilla Confederate soldiers in an attack against Olathe. A half dozen people died, and most of the city was destroyed. Quantrill captured the outpost, and he tried forcing the men to fight for the Confederacy. Kansas militia continued to stay in the Olathe military post for the rest of the Civil War.

Confederate soldiers would try to attack Olathe two more times. The first time happened on August 20–21, 1863 as Quantrill was going through on his way to Lawrence, Kansas (see Lawrence Massacre). The second raid happened on October 24-5, 1864, when Confederate Major General Sterling Price with 10,000 men went through on their retreat South (see Price's Raid).

When the Confederates surrendered, the military post was ended in August 1865.

In 2008, the U.S. Census Bureau said Olathe was the 24th fastest-growing city in the United States. The same year, CNN/Money and "Money" magazine said Olathe was #11 on its list of the "100 Best Cities to Live in the United States."

On February 22, 2017, Adam Purinton said racial things and shot at crowded Austins Bar and Grill in southern Olathe. He shot and injured three people. One person died. The victims were Alok Madasani, Srinivas Kuchibhotla, and Ian Grillot. Purinton was later arrested in Clinton, Missouri. He was charged with one count of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted first-degree murder. This shooting got international attention because two of the victims were Indian.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water. Olathe has two public lakes: Lake Olathe and Cedar Lake with .

Olathe's Black Bob Park is named after Hathawekela Shawnee Chief Black Bob.

Olathe has a humid continental climate. It has cold winters and hot summers. Temperatures range from an average high of and low in January to an average high of nearly in July. The temperature reaches an average of 36 days per year and an average of 3 days per year. The minimum temperature falls below freezing (32 °F) on average of 102 days per year. It does not go below very often.

The area gets about of precipitation during an average year. Most of the rain happens in May and June.

The 2020 census says that there were 141,290 people, 50,070 households, and 37,409 families living in Olathe. Of the households, 71.6% owned their home and 28.4% rented their home.

The median age was 36.3 years. Of the people, 73.9% were White, 6.0% were Black, 4.5% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 4.8% were from some other race, and 10.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 12.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 125,872 people, 44,507 households, and 33,274 families living in Olathe.

The headquarters of Garmin, a company famous for making GPS systems, is in Olathe.

The city's 2015 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report says that the biggest employers in the city are:




2010 United States Census

The Twenty-Third United States Census, known as Census 2010 or 2010 Census was a count of the population of the United States. It was done by the Census Bureau. It found that the population of the United States on April 1, 2010 was 308,745,538. This was an increase of 9.7 percent over the 281,421,906 people counted during the 2000 Census. This was the twenty-third federal census.

The Census Bureau did not use a long form for the 2010 Census. The 2010 Census used only a short form asking ten basic questions. 

The 2010 census cost $13 billion. It cost about $42 per capita. To compare, the 2010 census per-capita cost for China was about US$1; for India, the cost was US$0.40. Operational costs were $5.4 billion, under the $7 billion budget. In December 2010 the Government Accountability Office (GAO) noted that the cost of doing the census has doubled each decade since 1970. In a detailed 2004 report to Congress, the GAO asked the Census Bureau to fix cost and design problems. They estimated the 2010 Census cost to be $11 billion.

In August 2010, Commerce Secretary Gary Locke said that the census operational costs were a lot less than what they thought it would be. Their budget was almost $7 billion, but they saved:


Objectivism

Objectivism may mean:





Attila the Hun

Attila, or Attila the Hun (406-453), was a leader of the Huns from 434 CE until he died in 453 CE. He was one of the most common ruler. 

Attila led the Hunnic Empire, and was known as a feared military commander. He invaded Gaul, and nearly captured the city of Aurelianum. In 451 CE, he lost the Battle of the Catalaunian Plains, the only one he ever lost. He also invaded Italy and attacked and looted several towns.

Attila died in 453. The traditional account of his death is that it happened the night after his marriage to a woman named Ildiko. The Huns declined in the years immediately after Attila's death.

SEPTA

The Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) is an agency that is in control of many types of transport, including buses, commuter rail, elevated rail and subways. It operates 13 "Regional Rail" services in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area.

Mount Pinatubo

Mount Pinatubo is a stratovolcano on Luzon in the Philippines. It is near the Tri-Cabusilan Mountain range, separating Luzon's west coast from the central plains. 

Before 1991, the volcano was inconspicuous and heavily eroded. It was covered with dense forest, and several thousand indigenous people lived there. The volcano erupted in June 1991, destroying thousands of buildings and houses and killing over 800 people. It was the second largest volcanic eruption of the 20th century after the 1912 eruption of Novarupta and had a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 6. Mount Pinatubo's eruption effects were felt worldwide. There is now a caldera where before was the central cone.

It erupted in June 15, 1991 and is located on the island of Luzon in the Phillipines. Many lahars and pyroclastic flows damaged much of the infrastructure of the country. They also killed upwards of 800 people. Officials at the US marine base were able to evacuate many people, but property damage was costly, totaling billions of Phillipine pesos.

SEPTA Regional Rail

The transit agency SEPTA operates many Regional Rail services. SEPTA Regional Rail runs in the city and suburbs of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The lines were originally owned by the Reading Railroad and the Pennsylvania Railroad, long-time competitors. The Center City Commuter Connection connects the thirteen lines. The core stations in the CCCC are Suburban Station, the elevated 30th Street Station and Jefferson Station.

Brookings, South Dakota

Brookings is a city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Brookings County, and 23,377 people lived there at the 2020 census. Brookings was founded in 1883. The city of Brookings was named after Wilmot Wood Brookings, a pioneer promoter. South Dakota State University is located in Brookings. It is the largest university in the state.


Mama's Family

Mama's Family was an American sitcom that aired beginning January 22, 1983 and ended February 24, 1990. The show was first canceled in May 1984, but returned in September 1986 in first-run syndication; between its cancellation and September 1985, NBC aired reruns of the sitcom.

The show's theme song is "Bless My Happy Home" by Emmy and Grammy award winner Peter Matz (music) and Vicki Lawrence (lyrics). The show's producers chose to use an instrumental version.


 

University of South Dakota

University of South Dakota is a public university in Vermillion, South Dakota. The university has about 10,515 students. It was founded in 1862. The current president of the university is James W. Abbott.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Coyotes. They have 15 varsity teams, most of which compete in The Summit League. The football team plays in the Missouri Valley Football Conference.


South Dakota State University

South Dakota State University is a public university in Brookings, South Dakota. The university has about 12,816 students. It was founded in 1881. The current president of the university is David Chicoine.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Jackrabbits. They have 19 varsity teams, most of which compete in The Summit League. The football team plays in the Missouri Valley Football Conference.


Black Rebel Motorcycle Club

Black Rebel Motorcycle Club is an American rock band from San Francisco, California. Black Rebel Motorcycle Club has three members in the band; the current band members are Peter Hayes, Robert Levon Been and Leah Shapiro. 





DJ Hero

DJ Hero is a music video game, released on October 27, 2009 in North America, October 28, 2009 in Australia and on October 29, 2009 in Europe. The game was released for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Wii video game consoles. The game uses a turntable-shaped controller that allows players to simulate the motions of a DJ. The game is a spin-off of the "Guitar Hero" video game series. It was well-received by journalists. GameSpot gave the game a 8.0 for both the 360 and PS3 and IGN gave the game a 9.0 for both the 360 and PS3. The game had such good sales that it produced a sequel called "DJ Hero 2".


NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament

The NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament (also known as March Madness) is a single-elimination (if you lose a game, you stop playing) college basketball tournament. It has 68 college teams in it. The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) created it in 1939. When it was started in 1939, only eight teams played in the tournament. The tournament is played from mid-March to early April.

32 of the teams in the tournament are the best teams in each Division I conference. 36 of the teams join the tournament by winning other basketball games. These teams are chosen by the NCAA to be in the tournament. For the tournament, there are four regions. Each team is put into a region. Each region has 16 teams. The tournament has seven rounds. It is three weeks long. The first round is called the First Four. It has eight teams in it. The four winning teams join the tournament.

Each team is given a number. It is from 1 to 16. In the tournament, the semifinals are known as the Sweet Sixteen. The finals are known as the Elite Eight. They are named for how many teams are in these rounds.

Thirty seven college basketball teams have won the tournament. As of 2023, UCLA has won it eleven times. The Kentucky Wildcats have won it eight times. The coach with the most wins is John Wooden. He coached UCLA. He has won it ten times.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>"Vacated title not included" 

These Words

"These Words" is a pop and R&B single. It is sung by Natasha Bedingfield. It comes from Bedingfield's debut record "Unwritten". It was the album's 2nd international single. The song hit top forty worldwide and was certified platinum for the United States and Australia. It was released in 2005 in the United States.

Jarome Iginla

Jarome Arthur-Leigh Adekunle Tig Junior Elvis Iginla (born July 1, 1977) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger. He played a total of 20 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Calgary Flames, Pittsburgh Penguins, Boston Bruins, Colorado Avalanche and Los Angeles Kings.

He played in the WHL for the Kamloops Blazers where he played three seasons. He was drafted by the Dallas Stars with the 11th overall pick in the 1995 NHL Draft but did not play a game with them. He also played for the Calgary Flames for 16 years where he was the captain. He was traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins on March 28, 2013 in exchange for Kenneth Agostino, Ben Hanowski, and a first-round draft pick in the 2013 NHL Draft. He played 28 combined games with the Penguins. He is a Christian of his father's faith. He is a part owner of the Kamloops Blazers.

On July 5, 2013, Iginla signed a one-year, $6 million contract with the Boston Bruins.

On July 1, 2014, Iginla signed three-year, $16 million contract with the Colorado Avalanche.

On March 1, 2017, the Avalanche traded Iginla to the Los Angeles Kings for a 2018 conditional fourth-round pick.

On July 30, 2018, Iginla announced his retirement. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on June 24, 2020.


Suze Orman

Susan Lynn Orman, better known as Suze Orman (born June 5, 1951) is an American financial advisor, motivational speaker, and television host. Orman was born in Chicago. She received her B.A. in social work. She worked as a financial advisor for Merrill Lynch. In 1983 she became the vice-president of investments at Prudential Bache Securities. In 1987, she founded the Suze Orman Financial Group. She hosts "The Suze Orman Show" on CNBC since 2002. Orman has written seven New York Times best seller books. She also hosted six PBS specials based on her books, for which she won two daytime Emmy Awards. In addition to this, she also hosts programs on QVC.

Finding Nemo (video game)

Finding Nemo is an action-adventure video game. The game was released for the Game Boy Advance, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Nintendo GameCube video game consoles. The game was also released for the Macintosh, Mobile phone, and for Microsoft Windows. GameSpot gave the game a 6.2 for the Xbox, PS2 and GameCube and IGN gave the game a 6.0 for the Xbox, PS2 and GameCube. The game is based on the 2003 movie "Finding Nemo".

There was also a sequel for the Nintendo DS called, that was released on February 9, 2006. 


Estelle Getty

Estelle Getty (July 25, 1923 July 22, 2008) was an American actress. She was born in New York City to Polish immigrants and was Jewish. She is best known for playing Sophia on the television show "The Golden Girls" from 19851992. She also starred in several motion pictures and other television sitcoms.

Estelle Scher was the daughter of the Polish-Jewish immigrants Sarah and Charles Scher. Her father opened a glass business in New York City.

She had an acting career and got a job in New York and then, she began to appear in films.

From 1985-1992 she played in "The Golden Girls" as "Sophia Petrillo". In 1986, she was awarded a Golden Globe Award and in 1988, an Emmy Award.
In the spinoff series "The Golden Palace" (1992-1993), she played the same role
After the end of "The Golden Girls" and "The Golden Palace" she played the role of "Sophia" in "Empty Nest".

She was also in films like "Stuart Little" and "Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot" with Sylvester Stallone.

In 1947 she married Arthur Gettleman and took the surname of her husband. She changed the surname in Getty. In 2000 she was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and didn't appear in public. In 2004, her husband died and she moved to Los Angeles. She died in 2008, just three days before her 85th birthday. In her later years, after retiring from acting, she also battled Lewy body dementia.


Aqua (band)

Aqua is a Danish-Norwegian group who sing dance-pop music. The group were first signed in 1994. They have made two studio albums, two compilation albums, two remix albums and sixteen singles. The group split up in 2001 and reformed in 2007.

Saturn Vue

The Saturn Vue was a car. It was a compact crossover SUV. General Motors' made it. The Vue was part of the Saturn brand. The Saturn Corporation made it from 2002 to 2005. The Vue was the first GM vehicle to use the Theta platform. Theta has become global since it replaced the GM SUV frames, especially the Chevrolet Blazer frame. 

In 2006 GM introduced the second generation of the Vue, built by Opel. It was a rebadged Opel Antara with changes for the American market. This generation of the Vue was sold from 2007-2009 until Saturn stopped selling cars in 2010. The Vue is still being made by the General Motors company. General Motors reintroduced the Vue to fleets and companies as the Chevrolet Captiva Sport. In September 2014 GM announced that it would stop making the Captiva Sport and start selling its new subcompact CUV the Trax instead. Until 2012 the Vue was the only Saturn model that was re-introduced later followed by the Outlook's body style being used on the Acadia.

Blister

A blister is a small pocket of fluid in an upper layer of the skin caused by friction, burning or freezing. Most blisters are filled with a clear fluid called serum or plasma (blister water). Some blisters, however, are filled with blood; they are called blood blisters.

A blood blister is a pocket of fluid filled with blood.

Saturn Outlook

The Saturn Outlook was a full-size crossover SUV that was built by General Motors' Saturn brand. The Outlook was made by the Saturn Corporation from 2006 to 2010 until Saturn went defunct in 2010. The Saturn Outlook replaced the Relay minivan which was discontinued due to its unsuccessful sales. The vehicle received a 5 out of 5 stars for both frontal and side by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and was also named Insurance Institute for Highway Safety's Top Safety Pick in both 2008 and 2009. Although the Saturn brand is no longer active GM has decided to use the bodyshell of the Outlook on the redesigned GMC Acadia.

Saturn Relay

The Saturn Relay was a minivan that was built by General Motor's Saturn brand. The Relay was made by the Saturn Corporation from 2005 to 2007. The Relay was the first and only minivan made by the Saturn company. The Relay is also the only Saturn vehicle that was a badge engineered vehicle. Due to poor sales the Relay was replaced by the Saturn Outlook in 2006.

Weeds (TV series)

Weeds is an American comedy television series which was on Showtime from August 8, 2005 - September 16, 2012. The series is about a widow (who is played by Mary-Louise Parker) who is a mother of two sons Silas (who is played by Hunter Parrish) and Shane (who is played by Alexander Gould) and she turns to selling marijuana to support her family after her husband, Judah (who was played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan) suddenly dies.


The Highwayman (poem)

The Highwayman is a long poem by Alfred Noyes published in 1906. It is written in ballad form. It wasn't very popular when first published, and is still a barely read narrative poem today.

"The Highwayman" tells the story of a highwayman who is in love with the daughter of an innkeeper. Her name is Bess and she has long black hair and red lips. A jealous ostler (person who works in the stable) who is in love with Bess reports the highwayman to the army.

When they come to ambush him, Bess kills herself to warn him and save his life. When he hears about the way she died, he becomes very angry and is shot down on the highway. The poem ends by saying that the ghosts of the two lovers eat each other. What a happy ending 

Source Code

Source Code is a 2011 American science fiction-thriller movie that was produced by Mark Gordon, Jordan Wynn and Philippe Rousselet and was directed by Duncan Jones. Source Code was released on April 1, 2011 in North America. The movie gained very positive reviews with a 90% from Rotten Tomatoes and a 74 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Highwayman

A highwayman was a type of robber who attacked people who were travelling. They were common in the British Isles from the time of Elizabeth I to the 1800s. Highwaymen rode on horses. They were thought to be socially superior to footpads (who robbed on foot).

Some highwaymen robbed alone but others worked in gangs. They often targeted coaches because they did not have much defence, They stole money, jewellery and other valuable items. The penalty for robbery with violence was execution by hanging. The 17th century highwayman James Hind was hanged, drawn and quartered. As a supporter of King Charles, the Protectorate charged him with treason.

One of the most famous highwaymen was Dick Turpin, who was hanged for his crimes in 1739. The Australian bushranger Ben Hall was said to be one too. 
The worst place for highwayman were Shooter’s Hill and Finchely Common.
Highwayman were not only just men but woman too.The Soldiers would catch the Highwayman.

Narrative poetry

Narrative poetry is a type of poetry that tells a story. Narrative poems can be short or long. Some are novels or short stories written in verse form. Many older narrative poems were designed to be passed on through generations as a way of recording history. Narrative poems tell a story of tradition, berve, and /.


Help out Wikipedia by donating $2.15. For all the viewers we get, we need funding to support our team of fact-checkers, coders, and other cool stuff

Bothwell Castle

Bothwell Castle is a large medieval castle in Scotland. It is sited on a high, steep bank, above a bend in the River Clyde, in South Lanarkshire. It is located between Uddingston and Bothwell, about south-east of Glasgow. The castle was built in the 13th century by the ancestors of Clan Murray. It was built to guard a strategic crossing point of the Clyde. Bothwell played a key role in Scotland's Wars of Independence. It changed hands several times.

Velpur

Velpur is a village in India. It is in the state of Andhra Pradesh in the West Godavari district.

Child labour

Child labour means that children are forced to work like adults and take part in an economic activity. According to the ILO International Labour Organization the term is applied to people up to age thirteen, or seventeen in case of dangerous work. Only about a fourth of the ILO members have ratified the respective convention, but the age limits are generally accepted. 

When children work like adults, this will deprive them of their childhood: Very often, they cannot attend regular school either. This kind of work is mentally, physically, socially or morally dangerous and harmful.

Child labour is fundamentally different from casual work done by children, like guarding other children, or helping here and there. Child labor is forbidden in most countries. In some places minor boys and girls work in tea stalls, restaurants, hotels and other small shops. Some work in huge factories like brick factories. The main reason why child labour occurs is poverty.

There are two kinds of work that minors can do:
In general the second kind of work is usually labelled child labour. Estimates are that up to 350 million children are affected by child labour. Eight million of these are affected by the worst forms of child labour: they are child soldiers, they are forced into child prostitution, they are used for child pornography, they are child slaves, debt bondage or affected by human trafficking.

Often such cases are known through scandals in the mass media. In that manner, a working child is often seen as a slave, working in a Sweet shop in a third world country, producing textiles, or as one of the street children in South America. The reality is different though: Such shops exist all over the world, also in countries like the United States or Italy. The fact that child labour is involved is often hidden: More than three quarters of this work is done in the sector of agriculture, or it has to do with activities done at home, in the context of the family. If child-slaves exist, they are only a minority. This form of work done by children also existed before industrialisation and globalisation, the two phenomena have made it more visible. 


Cash crop

A cash crop is a crop that is grown to be sold on the market. This is different from a subsistence crop which is grown for the personal use of the farmer, or as food for the farmer's animals.

There are several different categories of cash crops, for different purposes.

Food crops are grown to be eaten by humans or animals. Since modern agriculture(farming) methods allow farmers to grow much more food than they need to feed themselves and their families, the extra is sold to others.

Some food crops include:



Spices and herbs are ingredients added to food in order to make it taste less bland. Spices/herbs do not make up much of a meal but are very flavorful. Since spices/herbs are used in small amounts but can be grown in much larger quantities, the surplus grown is sold as a cash crop.

Some spices/herbs include:


Material crops are plants which have parts that can be used as raw materials to create objects with. Material crops are not eaten, but sold to the market for usage for various purposes.

Some material crops include:

Medicinal and drug crops are grown for their effects on the human or animal body. Medicinal crops can help with healing, relieving pain, and curing illness. Some medicinal crops can be used to substitute for sugars. Drug crops are crops that are used for recreational purposes and often have addicting effects.

Some medicinal crops include:


Some drug crops include:

Ornamental plants are crops grown and sold for the purpose of making a place look more attractive. These include flowers, though they can be any plant that decorates an indoor or outdoor space. Ornamental crops are frequently used in gardens, parks, and public places.

Some decorative crops include:

Caulfield, Victoria

Caulfield is a suburb in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 7 miles south-east from Melbourne's central business district. Its Local Government Area is the City of Glen Eira. In 2006 there were 4790 people living in Caulfied.

The boundaries of Caulfield are Kooyong Road in the west, Glen Eira Road in the north, Glenhuntly Road in the south and Booran Road in the east.

Caulfield is best known as the location of Caulfield Racecourse and the Caulfield campus of Monash University.

It is not known why the area was called Caulfield, but it is probably linked with Baron Caulfeild of Ireland. John Caulfield was an early settler in the colony of Victoria. The name Caulfield was in use by 1853, and the early maps always place it somewhere around the racecourse.

The whole area was named the Caulfield Road District in 1857. Caulfield Post Office opened on 1 January 1863 and closed in 1974. Caulfield Junction Post Office opened in 1923 and is still open.

Caulfield Park is a large Victorian era garden between by Hawthorn, Balaclava and Inkerman Roads. It has a war memorial, a decorative lake and playing fields for various sports.

Caulfield is one of Melbourne's suburbs most serviced by public transport.

Trains connect the suburb to the city via the major transport interchange, Caulfield railway station at Caulfield East.

Trams service North, South and East Caulfield with route 67 (along Glenhuntly Road) route 64 (along Hawthorn Road), crossing Hawthorn Road at both Balaclava Road and Glenhuntly Road and route 3 near the railway station.

Helen Shardey is the Liberal State Member for Caulfield.

Caulfield has an football team playing in the Southern Football League.


Stereo MCs

The Stereo MCs are an electronic dance group from London which formed in 1985. They are best known worldwide for their 1992 top 20 single "Connected".

Stratosphere

The stratosphere is one of the layers of the atmosphere of the planet Earth. It extends from about 8 km above the poles (18 km above the equator) to about 50 km. In the stratosphere, the temperature rises with increasing height. This makes the stratosphere very stable. This temperature gradient is caused by the ozone layer which absorbs some UV radiation from sunlight. The absorbed radiation is converted to heat. 

This differs from the lower layer, the troposphere, where temperature declines with higher altitude, and from the next higher layer, the mesosphere, where the temperature again declines.

Airplanes that are going far usually fly in the lower stratosphere, because the engines are more efficient in cold air and drag is small in low air density air.

MAC address

Computers that use a computer network or internet network need to be identified. For this reason, many network connection types, like Ethernet or Wi-Fi, use unique addresses to identify the network card, a part of a computer, to access the network. These addresses are usually called the Media Access Control address or MAC address.

Each computer is given a MAC address by its computer maker. The way for giving MAC addresses to computers, created by Xerox, is used. MAC addresses have 48-bits (how many 1s or 0s it has in it). As each of the twelve entries can have 16 possible values (0 through 9 and A through F), there are 16 or 2 (or 281,474,976,710,656) possible MAC addresses. MAC addresses identify many things, such as the type of device being used.

A MAC address is used by the network to send and receive data (computer information) to the right place almost like mail being sent and received from a home mail address. The MAC address is like door number or street number. 

Chloë Sevigny

Chloë Sevigny (born November 18, 1974) is an American actress, fashion designer and former model. She was born in Springfield, Massachusetts and raised in Darien, Connecticut. Her father was of French Canadian origin; her mother is Polish American. Sevigny starred in many independent or "avant garde" movies during the 1990s and 2000s. She also had a fashion career during the mid 1990s. 

Tara Lipinski

Tara Lipinski (born June 10, 1982) is an American figure skater. She won the Ladies' Singles Olympic gold medal for figure skating at the 1998 Winter Olympics. She is the youngest individual to win a gold medal in Winter Olympics' history. 

Lipinski was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She was the daughter of Patricia (née Brozyniak), a secretary, and Jack Lipinski, an oil executive and lawyer. She was raised in New Jersey.

The year before her Olympic win, the U.S. Olympic Committee named Lipinski the 1997 Female Athlete of the Year. Lipinski is particularly proud of the recognition she has received from fans. In 1999 and 2000 she was voted Best Female Athlete at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards.

Anna Freud

Anna Freud (3 December 1895 – 9 October 1982) was the sixth and last child of Sigmund Freud and his wife Martha Bernays Freud.

She was born in Vienna. She followed the path of her father and contributed to the field of psychoanalysis.

With Melanie Klein, she may be considered the founder of psychoanalytic child psychology. As her father put it, child analysis had received a powerful impetus through "the work of Frau Melanie Klein and of my daughter, Anna Freud". Her work emphasized the importance of the ego and its ability to be trained socially.

After a somewhat troubled childhood, Anna was psychoanalysed by her father. When her analysis was completed in 1922, she became a psychoanalyist herself. She taught at the Vienna Psychoanalytic Training Institute on the technique of child analysis. From 1925 until 1934, she was the Secretary of the International Psychoanalytical Association. She continued child analysis and seminars and conferences on the subject.

After the Anschluss in 1938 the Freuds fled Vienna and came to London. Freud himself was dying of cancer, so Anna ran the household. Anna had a professional disagreement with Melanie Klein, who had come to London much earlier, and was already established as a child psychologist. A series of 'controversial discussions' were held by the British Psychoanalytical Society. The discussions were about the training and the ideas of both parties. Eventually agreement was reached that both 'schools' should co-exist inside the Society. The Society now has three training divisions: Kleinian, Freudian and Independent.

During the war, Freud studied the effect of deprivation of parental care on children. She set up a centre for young war victims, called "The Hampstead War Nursery". Here the children got foster care, with mothers 
encouraged to visit as often as possible.

In 1947, Freud and Kate Friedlaender established the Hampstead Child Therapy Courses. Five years later, a children's clinic was added. Freud started lecturing on child psychology.

From the 1950s until the end of her life Freud travelled regularly to the United States to lecture, teach and visit friends. During the 1970s she was concerned with the problems of emotionally deprived and socially disadvantaged children. At Yale Law School, she taught seminars on crime and the family.

Freud died in London on 9 October 1982. She was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium and her ashes placed in a marble shelf next to her parents' ancient Greek funeral urn. Her lifelong friend Dorothy Burlingham and several other members of the Freud family also rest there.

Anna Freud lived with her close friend Dorothy Burlingham, daughter of Louis Comfort Tiffany, for years.

Freud, Anna (1966–1980). "The writings of Anna Freud": 8 Volumes. New York: Indiana University of Pennsylvania. 


FCSB

FCSB is a football team from Bucharest, Romania. It was founded on 7 June 1947 as "ASA Bucureşti" ("ASA Bucharest"). The original FC Steaua București team was part of the namesake CSA Steaua București sports club and belonged to the Ministry of National Defence. FC Steaua București was forced to change its name to FCSB in 2017. It has won the most championships in Romania, 26, and it is the only team from Romania to win a UEFA Champions League title. Its chairman is George Becali (usually "Gigi" Becali).

Ian (Anghel Georgian Bogdan)

Chevrolet Express

The Chevrolet Express and GMC Savana are full sized passenger or cargo vans made via General Motors. These vans seat between eight and fifteen passengers. The cargo vans are used for commercial and business purposes. The Express/Savana vans were first produced around 1996. The GMC Savana has been discontinued, but the Chevrolet Express is still currently in production.

Weatherford, Texas

Weatherford is a city in Parker County, Texas near Fort Worth. It is part of Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Green River Formation

The Green River Formation is an Eocene rock formation on the eastern side of the Rocky Mountains. It gets sediment from a group of intermountain lakes. Its fine fossils make this a lagerstätte, a place of exceptional preservation.

The various fossil beds of the Green River Formation span a five million year period, between 53.5 and 48.5 million years ago (mya). During this period the climate moved from the moist early Eocene climate and the slightly drier mid-Eocene. 

The sediments are deposited in very fine layers, in pairs: a dark layer from the growing season, and a light-hue inorganic layer in winter. 

Each pair of layers is called a varve and represents one year. The sediments of the Green River Formation present a continuous record of six million years. The mean thickness of a varve here is 0.18 mm, with a minimum thickness of 0.014 mm and maximum of 9.8 mm.

The sedimentary layers were formed in a large area named after the present-day Green River, a tributary of the Colorado River. The formation is in three separate basins around the Uinta Mountains of northeastern Utah:

The formation has many evaporites – minerals formed by the evaporation of lakes. This suggests that high salinity was one of the causes of the superb fossilisation.

Another factor was the frequent ash falls from nearby volcanoes. Rapid burial also prevents normal decomposition.

Fossils preserved suggest that the region was a low, subtropical, freshwater basin when the sediments accumulated.

The Green River fossils show a transition between the moist early Eocene climate and the slightly drier mid-Eocene. The climate was moist and mild enough to support crocodiles, which do not tolerate frost, and the lakes were surrounded by sycamore forests. As the lake configurations shifted, each Green River location is distinct in character and time. The lake system formed over underlying river deltas and shifted in the flat landscape with slight tectonic movements

The Green River Formation contains the largest oil shale deposits in the world. The 213 billion tons of oil shale contain an estimated 2.38 × 10¹¹ m³ (1.5 trillion US barrels) of shale oil. This is a tribute to the high volume of organic material that was buried. The source of the organic material was probably cyanobacteria, which thrive in warm alkaline lake conditions.

The lagerstätten formed in anoxic conditions in the fine carbonate muds that formed in the lakebeds. Lack of oxygen slowed bacterial decomposition and kept scavengers away. Leaves of palms, ferns and sycamores show insect damage got during their growth. They were covered with fine-grained sediment and preserved. Insects were preserved whole, even delicate wing membranes and spider spinnerets.

The fauna included fish, alligators, bats, turtles, dog-sized horses, insects, and many other species of plants and animals

Peggy Lee

Norma Egstrom (May 26, 1920 - January 21, 2002) was an American actress and jazz singer. She is better known as Peggy Lee. She acted in many movies. She also wrote the music for them. She sang and acted for six decades. Lee was born in Jamestown, North Dakota.

Hurricane Alex (2010)

Hurricane Alex was a rare June hurricane and the first tropical cyclone of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm first struck near Belize as a tropical storm. After entering the Gulf of Mexico, Alex became a hurricane and struck northeast Mexico; it was the first hurricane in June since Hurricane Allison in 1995. The storm killed 51 people (33 directly) and caused almost $1.9 billion in damage (2010 USD).

Optical gain medium

An optical gain medium (also called an "active laser medium") can make light stronger. In general, gain media must be powered by another energy source in order to have energy to provide as light. Some gain media can be powered using electricity, but many others need light energy from bright flash lamps or a laser. Optical gain media are used in lasers. The first lasers used artificial ruby as their optical gain medium.

Microvillus

Microvillus (plural microvilli) is a very tiny hair-like membrane in the body. The microvillus greatly increase the amount of surface area for a cell. In humans, the microvilli can give a cell 600 times more surface area. They are good for absorbing things and for secreting things. They are found in many places in a human body including the ear, the tongue, the nose and the intestines. 

On a tongue, the microvilli are the tiny hairs on the taste buds that send signals to the brain. These signals are interpreted by the brain, and tells the brain what things taste like. Over time, as a person tastes more and more things, the brain stores the information the microvilli send in a databank of information. This databank is used to compare new tastes to old tastes, and help to classify them by comparing and contrasting their qualities.

In the intestines, the microvilli are able to absorb (take) nutrients from the digested food for the body to use.

Languages of the United States

English is the "de facto" national language of the United States, with 82% of the population claiming it as a mother tongue, and some 96% claiming to speak it "well" or "very well". However, no "official language" exists at the Federal level. There have been several proposals to make English the national language in amendments to immigration reform bills, but none of these bills have made a federal language. However, some states have adopted the English language as their official language. On the other hand, a lot of another languages, like Spanish, French, Italian, Arabic, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Polish, Finnish, Dutch, German, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Welsh, Irish, Scottish Gaelic, Hindi, Mandarin, Hebrew, Cantonese, Chinese, Hawaiian, Ukrainian, Navajo, Indonesian, Malay, Vietnamese, Tagalog, Portuguese, etc. Are spoken in the United States as second languages.

Judith Miller (journalist)

Judith Miller is an American conservative journalist. She was born January 2, 1948. She worked for the New York Times until retiring from there around November 2005. She later became a contributor to Fox News and then a contributing writer for a conservative magazine called "Newsmax".

Her coverage of Iraq's alleged Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) program both before and after the 2003 invasion generated much controversy. A number of stories she wrote while working for "The New York Times" later turned out to be inaccurate or simply false.<

Gilda Radner

Gilda Susan Radner (June 28, 1946 – May 20, 1989) was an American actress and comedian. She was born in Detroit, Michigan. She was one of the original cast members of NBC's comedy program "Saturday Night Live" (for which she won an Emmy Award in 1978). She died from ovarian cancer in Los Angeles, California.
She was married to actor Gene Wilder before her death.

September Affair

September Affair is a 1950 musical movie that was produced by Hal B. Wallis and was directed by William Dieterle. The movie was released on October 18, 1950 in North America. The movie received positive reviews and also won a Golden Globe Award in 1951 for Best Original Score.



How to Train Your Dragon (movie)

How to Train Your Dragon is a 2010 computer animated fantasy-comedy movie based on the 2003 book of the same name and made by DreamWorks Animation. It was released on March 26, 2010. 

It received positive reviews with Rotten Tomatoes giving the movie a 99% and Metacritic gave it a 75 out of 100. The movie was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score. A sequel, "How to Train Your Dragon 2", was released on June 13, 2014. A third film, "", was released on February 22, 2019.



Christopher Mintz-Plasse

Christopher Charles Mintz-Plasse (born June 20, 1989 in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California) is an American Actor. He is famous for playing the character "Fogell/McLovin" in the movie, Superbad and "Chris D'Amico/Red Mist" in the movie, Kick-Ass.


Jonah Hill

Jonah Hill Feldstein (born December 20, 1983 in Los Angeles, California) better known as, Jonah Hill is an American actor, producer, director, writer and comedian. He is notable for playing the character "Seth" in the movie, Superbad. He started his acting career in his first philosophical comedy movie, I Heart Huckabees as Bret.


Cheryl Hines

Cheryl Hines (born September 21, 1965) is an American actress and television director. She is most noted for playing Cheryl in the HBO show "Curb Your Enthusiasm". She was born in Miami Beach, Florida. Hines was nominated for two Emmy Awards.

In 2014, she married Robert F. Kennedy Jr..

Jill Eikenberry

Jill Eikenberry (born 21 January 1947) is an American actress. She was born in New Haven, Connecticut. Her most well known role was playing Ann Kelsey in "L.A. Law" (1986-1994). She appeared in many television movies in the 1980s. 

Kids Helpline

Kids Helpline is a counselling service in Australia for people who are between 5 and 25 years old. Children & young people contact Kids Helpline to speak about problems in their lives. These problems range from fighting with friends and breaking up with a partner to suicidal thoughts and being hurt or abused. 

Kids Helpline employs about 110 people to work as counsellors. The call centres are based in Brisbane so all the calls that people make to the Kids Helpline go through to a call centre in Brisbane. These counsellors listen to nearly 6,000 calls from young people each week. Kids Helpline is run by yourtown. Most of the money needed for it to run is raised through lotteries held by yourtown. The Australian Government also helps by giving some money. Optus is their biggest sponsor.

Kids Helpline was opened for taking calls on the 25 March 1991. On the first day more than 3,200 young people rang up to ask for help. By the 17th day, 122,000 thousand calls had been made. Not many of these calls were able to be answered. After a year of been open for people to call the Kids Helpline had answered 75,000 calls.

Kids Helpline was added into different states one at a time. In 1993 it was open into the whole nation of Australia. In 1999 "Email Counselling" was offered for the first time and in May 2000 "Web Counselling" was offered for the first time.

Since the first call was taken in 1991, the Kids Helpline has been contacted more than 8 million (8,000,000) times.

The Kids Helpline offers three different ways of communicating with them.

Phoning 1800 55 1800 anywhere in Australia will connect you to a counselor from Kids Helpline. The contact by phone can be made at any time of the day and on any day in the week. This is the quickest way of getting support. If the problem is really urgent Kids Helpline advises that contacting them by phone is the best way to get support immediately. Contacting this number in Australia is for free using a landline & mobile phone.

This is called "Web Counselling". Web Counselling allows a person who wants help to talk over the Internet to a counselor. This is done through instant messaging, or sending messages back and forth between a person wanting help and a counselor in a chat room (similar to Skype and eHeadspace). Web Counselling is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

A person needing help may send an email to the Kids Helpline and then wait for a response. This is the slowest way of getting help because it sometimes takes a counselor up to two weeks to reply to each email. For a person needing immediate assistance it is recommended to phone Kids Helpline on 1800 55 1800.


Zack and Miri Make a Porno

Zack and Miri Make a Porno is a 2008 American romantic sex comedy movie. It was produced by Scott Mosier and was directed by Kevin Smith. The movie was released on October 31, 2008 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with a 65% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 56 out of 100 from Metacritic.

Zack Brown and Miri Linky are stuck living together in a run down apartment in Monroeville, Pennsylvania. They have been unable to keep up with their monthly rent, causing the landlord to shut off electricity and water in their apartment. In this dire situation, Zack and Miri turn to making pornography as a means of paying back their rent. Zack turns to a longtime friend and co-worker for some money to kick start his career in pornography. They hire a group of talented actors and actresses, who are seeking to advance themselves in the movie industry. Like many new movie directors, Zack encounters some difficulties during the first few weeks of his movie career. The room that he rents out to movie his pornographic masterpiece is destroyed.



Pineapple Express (movie)

Pineapple Express is an 2008 American stoner action comedy movie produced by Judd Apatow and Shauna Robertson, and directed by David Gordon Green. It was released on August 6, 2008 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with a 68% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 64 out of 100 from Metacritic.



The Twilight Zone (1959 TV series)

The Twilight Zone is an American television series created by Rod Serling. It is a series of unrelated stories of drama, psychological thriller, fantasy, science fiction, suspense, and/or horror, often ending with a dark or unexpected twist. A popular and critical success, it introduced many Americans to serious science fiction and abstract ideas through television and "Twilight Zone" books and comics.

The success of the first series started two revival series: one series that ran for several seasons on CBS and in syndication in the 1980s, and another series that ran on UPN from 2002 to 2003. It would also lead to a movie, a radio series, a comic book, a magazine and other spin-offs that would go on for 50 years.

Aside from Serling himself, who wrote nearly two-thirds of the series' total episodes, writers for "The Twilight Zone" included authors such as Charles Beaumont, Richard Matheson, Jerry Sohl, George Clayton Johnson, Earl Hamner, Jr., Reginald Rose, Harlan Ellison and Ray Bradbury. Many episodes also featured adaptations of classic stories by such writers as Ambrose Bierce, Lewis Padgett, Jerome Bixby and Damon Knight.

"Twilight Zone"'s writers often used science fiction as a way for social commentary. Television networks and sponsors who had censored all possible offensive material from the mostly live dramas were not aware of the methods developed by writers such as Ray Bradbury for dealing with important issues through fantasy. Themes include nuclear war, mass hysteria, and McCarthyism, subjects that were not allowed on more "serious" primetime television.

The first series contained 156 episodes. Seasons 1, 2, 3, 5 were half hour shows. Season four (1962–1963) contained one-hour episodes.


Blackshirts

The Blackshirts were a Fascist paramilitary group in Italy during the rise and reign of Benito Mussolini. They operated from 1923-1943 . The SA or the Brownshirts was formed in 1921 by the National Socialist German Workers Party or better known as the Nazi Party .

Catherine Deshayes

Caterine Deshayes, sometimes known as Catherine Monvoisin, or simply La Voisin was a murderous French serial killer. She was born around 1640, and executed as a witch on 16 February 1680, in Paris; together with several others. She played an important role in the so-called Affair of the Poisons. She lived from charging high fees to make horosocopes. She celebrated black masses, practiced abortions, sold love potions and poisons. She is said to have sacrificed infants. Together with the Hellfire club this is one of the earliest known examples of theistic satanism.

Many nobles were among her clients, among them, Madame de Montespan a courtesan of Louis XIV.


Carol Burnett

Carol Burnett is an American singer, writer, dancer, actress and comedian. She is notable for her stage and television acting. She began her career in New York. She had her own television program: "The Carol Burnett Show" (1967-1978 on CBS). Burnett was born in San Antonio, Texas in 1933.

Burnett has won many awards. These include six Emmy Awards, five Golden Globes and a Tony.


Boy Meets Curl

"Boy Meets Curl" is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons twenty-first season. In this episode, The Simpson family visit Vancouver where Marge and Homer compete in the 2010 Winter Olympics in the mixed-doubles curling team with Seymour Skinner and his mother Agnes. Marge's sweeping earns a win for the team and they earn a spot for the Olympics. Meanwhile, Lisa is given an Olympic mascot pin and she decides to collect them but her pin collecting addiction goes out of control. Marge injures her shoulder in the semi-finals and she is told that she will never sweep again and that the American mixed curling team must concede the gold medal to Sweden. Lisa buys so many Olympic mascot pins that she doesn't have anymore money left so she trades her pearl necklace for a mascot pin from the 1924 Winter Olympics. Bart offers to help Lisa with defeating her pin collecting addiction and manages to get back her necklace by tricking the pin vendor with "Fatov," who is a phony mascot that was "created" in advance for the 2014 Winter Olympics but the mascot is really Homer's mouth, clipped by Bart from his driver's license. When Marge is about to leave Vancouver, she reveals that she is left-handed to Homer and says that she always used her right hand to not seem unusual. She has enough strength to change Maggie's diaper and dress her with one hand. They both decide to re-participate in the gold medal game where they defeated Sweden and won the gold medal.

Ball and socket joint

A ball and socket joint (enarthrosis, spheroidal joint) is a joint in which the ball-shaped surface of a bone fits into the cup-like indentation of another bone. This type of joint allows the bone to move in a 360° angle—with more freedom than other joints.

Examples of this type of joint occur:

Alexandre Étienne Choron

Alexandre Étienne Choron (Caen, 1837 – 1924) was a French chef. As "chef de cuisine" of the celebrated restaurant Voisin on the rue Saint Honoré, Choron is best known for his invention of Choron sauce, a béarnaise sauce enriched with tomato concentrate.

Choron is also remembered for the food he served during the Siege of Paris by the Prussians, which began on 19 September 1870. During the siege, Parisians were reduced to eating cats, dogs, and rats. The bourgeois did not want to eat such "low" animals, and the "de luxe" restaurants had plenty of customers. As food reserves dwindled, these restaurants, including Voisin, improvised. Choron served exotic animal dishes at Voisin. For the midnight Christmas meal of 1870, Choron had a menu mostly of the best parts of the animals kept in the "Jardin d'acclimatation" (one of the Paris zoos). The menu – stuffed head of donkey, elephant consommé, roasted camel, kangaroo stew, bear shanks roasted in pepper sauce, wolf in deer sauce, cat with rat, and antelope in truffle sauce – has become legendary. The menu's wines were Mouton-Rothschild 1846, Romanée-Conti 1858 and Château Palmer 1864.

Choron became famous for his elephant dishes (): "Trompe d’éléphant in sauce chasseur" and "Éléphant bourguignon". After the elephant at the "Jardin d'acclimatation" were used at the Christmas table, the two elephants (Castor and Pollux) at the Paris' "jardin zoologique" were consumed on 31 December 1870 at Voisin. In early January, it was the elephant at the "Jardin des Plantes" (Paris' botanical garden) which was sent to the abbatoir. It was bought by Choron for his restaurant at the price of 15 francs per pound. By 13 January Voisin was out of elephant meat and substituted horse. The siege was lifted two weeks later.

Femme Fatale

Femme Fatale is the seventh studio album by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on March 25, 2011 by Jive Records.


Sassafras

Sassafras is a genus that contains three current and one extinct species of deciduous trees in the family Lauraceae. It was originally in eastern North America and eastern Asia.

Sassafras trees grow from tall and from wide. The trunk grows across.

"Sassafras" was named by the botanist Nicolas Monardes in the 16th century. It is said to be a corruption of the Spanish word for saxifrage.


Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot

Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot (16 July 1796 – 22 February 1875) was a French landscape and portrait painter as well as a printmaker in etching. 

He is a key figure in landscape painting, and painted many works. He was in the Neo-Classical tradition, but he anticipated the "en plein air" (painting outside in front of the scenery) of impressionism.


Poa pratensis

Poa pratensis (smooth meadow-grass, common meadow grass, or Kentucky bluegrass) is a grass. It is a perennial species of the grass family "Poaceae". It is native to Europe, Asia, and northern Africa. It grows to tall.

"Poa pratensis" makes a useful pasture plant. It is also used for making lawns in parks and gardens. "Poa" is Greek for fodder, which is food fed to livestock.

The name "Kentucky bluegrass" came from its blue flower heads.

Tim Russert

Tim Russert (May 7, 1950 – June 13, 2008) was an American television journalist and lawyer. He was the longest serving moderator for NBC's "Meet the Press" beginning in 1991. He was the senior vice president of NBC News and a frequent correspondent and guest on NBC's "The Today Show" and "Hardball". He was born in Buffalo, New York. Russert died from a heart attack in Washington, D.C. at the age of 58.

Kangaroo Jack

Kangaroo Jack is an 2003 American-Australian adventure comedy movie set in New York City and Australia. It was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and was directed by David McNally. "Kangaroo Jack" was released on January 17, 2003 in North America. The movie received negative reviews with a 8% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 16 out of 100 from Metacritic.



University of Kentucky

The University of Kentucky sometimes shortened to UK is a public, co-educational university in Lexington, Kentucky. The university has about 27,209 students. It was founded in 1865. The current president of the university is Dr. Eli Capilouto. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Wildcats. They have 19 varsity teams, almost all of which compete in the Southeastern Conference. The men's soccer team plays in Conference USA, and the rifle team competes in the Great America Rifle Conference.

In the 2014-15 season of the men's basketball team, the team won all 31 regular season games and started 38-0. However, they were upset by Wisconsin in the final four, who they played also the year before. They would finish 38-1.

Central Connecticut State University

Central Connecticut State University is a public university in New Britain, Connecticut. The university has about 12,315 students. It was founded in 1849. The current president of the university is Jack Miller. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Blue Devils. They have 14 varsity teams and they compete in the Northeast Conference.


University of North Carolina at Charlotte

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte is a public, coeducational university in Charlotte, North Carolina. The university has about 24,700 students. It was started in 1946. The current chancellor of the university is Dr. Phillip L. Dubois. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Charlotte 49ers. They have 16 varsity teams, most of which compete in the American Athletic Conference (The American).

On April 30, 2019, a mass shooting happened at the university in which two people were killed and four other people were hurt.


George Hearst

George Hearst (1820 – 1891) was a successful prospector during the Gold Rush. He was born in Missouri into a family of farmers. He went west during the Gold Rush. By the 1860s he owned many copper and silver mines. His mining business grew bigger. In 1880 he bought the San Francisco "Examiner" to promote his political opinions and himself. He favored the two-party system. He said to Mark Twain in San Francisco that he was a Republican so his little boy, William Randolph Hearst, would become a Democrat. In 1886 he became a state senator in California. Later, his son bought more and more newspapers, which were often accused of being sensational.

Dances with Wolves

Dances with Wolves is an 1990 American epic drama-western movie that was produced by Jim Wilson, Kevin Costner and Jake Eberts and was directed by Kevin Costner. Dances with Wolves was released on November 21, 1990, in North America. The movie received positive reviews with a 76% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 72 out of 100 from Metacritic. The movie won 7 Academy Awards for Best Picture, Directing, Writing Adapted Screenplay, Best Cinematography, Film Editing, Sound Mixing and Original Music Score. The movie also won 2 Golden Globe Awards for Best Motion Picture – Drama and Best Director.



Surfer, Dude

Surfer, Dude is an 2008 comedy movie that was produced by Sidney Gus Gustawes, Mark Gustawes and Matthew McConaughey and was directed by S.R. Bindler. "Surfer, Dude" was released on September 5, 2008 in North America. The movie received strongly negative reviews with a 0% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 16 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Meet the Fockers

Meet the Fockers is a 2004 American comedy movie. It was produced by Robert De Niro, Jon Poll, Jay Roach, Jane Rosenthal and Nancy Tenenbaum and was directed by Jay Roach. Meet the Fockers was released on December 22, 2004 in North America. The movie received mixed reviews with a 39% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 41 out of 100 from Metacritic. It is the first sequel to the 2000 movie, "Meet the Parents". The second sequel which was called, "Little Fockers" was released in 2010.



Barcelona Sants railway station

Barcelona Sants (also ) is the main railway station in Barcelona, operated by RENFE. Built in the 1970s, the current station has become Barcelona's most important transport centre. The station is named after Sants, the neighbourhood of Barcelona that it is in.

The station has recently been remodeled so that the Spanish high-speed train AVE, which began service on 20 February 2008, can use it.

The station is in the Sants-Montjuïc district of Barcelona, northwest of the city centre. It is easily reached by metro or bus from anywhere in the city. The station has two entrances.

The station has been built in a modern airport style. All its platforms are underground. The current redevelopment is aimed to make the surface-level entrance and ticket-hall area larger and brighter. A four-star hotel (Hotel Barceló Sants) occupies most of the upper floors of the station's main building. There is also an adjacent international bus station also called Barcelona Sants.


Hampton University

Hampton University is a private university in Hampton, Virginia. The university has about 5,000 students. It was founded in 1868. The current president of the university is William R. Harvey. It is a historically black university.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Pirates. They have 16 varsity teams and they compete in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.


Bethune-Cookman University

Bethune-Cookman University is a private university in Daytona Beach, Florida. The university has about 4,000 students. It was founded in 1904. The current president of the university is Trudie Kibbe Reed. It is a historically black university, which means that it was founded to educate African American students.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Wildcats. They have 7 varsity teams and they compete in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.


Bain-marie

A bain-marie (or water bath) is a piece of equipment used in science, industry, and cooking to heat materials gently and gradually to fixed temperatures, or to keep materials warm over a period of time.

The bain-marie comes in a wide variety of shapes, sizes, and types, but traditionally is a wide, cylindrical, usually metal container made of three or four basic parts: a handle, an outer (or lower) container that holds the working liquid, an inner (or upper), smaller container that fits inside the outer one and which holds the material to be heated or cooked, and sometimes a base underneath. Under the outer container of the bain-marie (or built into its base) is a heat source.

Typically the inner container is immersed about halfway into the working liquid.

The smaller container, filled with the substance to be heated, fits inside the outer container, filled with the working liquid (usually water), and the whole is heated at, or below, the base, causing the temperature of the materials in both containers to rise as needed. The insulating action of the water helps to keep contents of the inner pot from boiling or scorching.

When a bain-marie is filled with water the maximum temperature of the material in the lower container will not exceed 100 degrees Celsius (the boiling point of water at sea level). Using different working liquids (oils, salt solutions, etc.) in the lower container will result in different maximum temperatures.

A contemporary alternative to the traditional, liquid-filled bain-marie is the electric "dry-heat" bain-marie, heated by element below both pots. The dry-heat form of electric bains-marie often consumes less energy, requires little cleaning, and can be heated more quickly than traditional versions. They can also operate at higher temperatures, and are often much less expensive than their traditional counterparts.

Electric bains-marie can also be wet, using either hot water or vapor, or steam, in the heating process. The open, bath-type bain-marie heats via a small, hot-water tub (or "bath"), and the vapour-type bain-marie heats with scalding-hot steam.


Bains-marie were originally developed for use in the practice of alchemy, when alchemists needed a way to heat materials slowly and gently. In that early form of chemical science, it was believed by many that the best way to heat certain materials was to mimic the supposed natural processes, occurring in the Earth's core, by which precious metals were believed to be germinated.

The name comes from the medieval-Latin term "balneum" (or "balineum") "Mariae"—literally, "Mary's bath"—from which the French "bain de Marie", or "bain-marie", is derived. There are many theories as to how the name "Marie" came to be associated with this equipment:





Creighton University

Creighton University is a private, coeducational, Jesuit, Roman Catholic university in Omaha, Nebraska. The university has about 7,385 students. It was founded in 1878.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Blue Jays. They have 14 varsity teams, 13 of which compete in the Big East Conference. In women's rowing, a sport that the Big East does not sponsor, Creighton competes in the West Coast Conference.


Austin Peay State University

Austin Peay State University is a public university in Clarksville, Tennessee. The university has about 10,723 students. It was founded in 1927. The current president of the university is Timothy Hall. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Governors. They have 7 varsity teams and they compete in the Ohio Valley Conference.


Mercedes Ruehl

Mercedes Ruehl (born February 28. 1948) is an American stage, television and motion picture actress. She was born in New York City. She is best known for her supporting role in the 1991 movie "The Fisher King".

University of Akron

The University of Akron is a public, coeducational university in Akron, Ohio. The university has about 29,251 students. It was founded in 1870. The current president of the university is Luis M. Proenza. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Zips. They have 15 varsity teams and they compete in the Mid-American Conference.


Eastern Michigan University

Eastern Michigan University is a public, coeducational university in Ypsilanti, Michigan. The university has about 23,000 students. It was founded in 1849. The current president of the university is Susan Martin. 
Eastern Michigan University has degrees and programs at the bachelor's, master's, specialist's and doctoral levels. 
The university has seven parts:


The athletics teams of the university are called the Eagles. They have 21 varsity teams, almost all of which compete in the Mid-American Conference. In women's rowing, a sport that the MAC does not sponsor, the Eagles compete in the Colonial Athletic Association.


Western Michigan University

Western Michigan University is a public university in Kalamazoo, Michigan. The university has about 25,045 students. It was founded in 1903. Since 2000, the president of the university has been John M. Dunn. 

The athletics teams of the university are called "the Broncos". They have 15 varsity teams and they compete in the Mid-American Conference except in men's ice hockey, where they compete in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference.


Central Michigan University

Central Michigan University is a public, coeducational university in Mount Pleasant, Michigan. The university has about 28,389 students. It was founded in 1892. The current president of the university is George E. Ross. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Chippewas. They have 16 varsity teams, all but one of which competes in the Mid-American Conference (MAC). The only exception is the women's lacrosse team. Because CMU is the only MAC member that plays women's lacrosse, that team plays in the Atlantic Sun Conference.


Perleberg

Perleberg (Low German: "Perlberg") is a German town in the state of Brandenburg. It is halfway between the cities Berlin and Hamburg. It is the capital of the district of Prignitz. In 2010 about 12,400 persons lived in this town.

Northern Illinois University

Northern Illinois University is a public university in DeKalb, Illinois. The university has about 25,313 students. It was founded in 1895. The current president of the university is John G. Peters. On February 14, 2008, a gunman named Steven Kazmierczak shot and killed 6 people (including himself) as well as injured 21 people on the university campus which made it the fourth-deadliest university shooting in United States history.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Huskies. They have 17 varsity teams and they compete in the Mid-American Conference. 


Bowling Green State University

The athletics teams of the university are called the Falcons. They have 7 varsity teams for men and 10 for women, most of which compete in the Mid-American Conference. The men's ice hockey team plays in the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, which was re-formed starting with the 2021–22 season by several schools that left the Western Collegiate Hockey Association. Bowling Green had been a member of the first CCHA for that league's entire history (1971–2013).


Kent State University

Kent State University is a public university in Kent, Ohio. The university has about 41,365 students. It was founded in 1910. The current president of the university is Beverly Warren.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Golden Flashes. They have 17 varsity teams and they compete in the Mid-American Conference. 


Ohio University

Ohio University is a public university in Athens, Ohio. The university has about 25,908 students. It was founded in 1804. The current president of the university is M. Duane Nellis. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Bobcats. They have 16 varsity teams and they compete in the Mid-American Conference. 


St. Cloud State University

The St. Cloud State University is a university in St. Cloud, Minnesota. It was established in 1869. It has over 15,000 students. It is the largest member of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system.

St. Cloud State has teams in 20 NCAA sports, plus the non-NCAA sport of Nordic skiing, nicknamed Huskies. Of the NCAA teams, 18 play in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference, a Division II conference. The men's and women's ice hockey teams compete in the top-level NCAA Division I, with the men playing in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference and the women in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association.

Ball State University

Ball State University is a public, coeducational university in Muncie, Indiana. The university has about 21,401 students. It was founded in 1918. The current president of the university is Jo Ann M. Gora.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Cardinals. They have 18 varsity teams and they compete in the Mid-American Conference.


Miami University

"This is the university in Ohio. For the university in Florida, see University of Miami."
Miami University is a public, coeducational university in Oxford, Ohio. The university has about 20,126 students. It was founded in 1809. The current president of the university is David C. Hodge. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the RedHawks. They have 8 varsity teams for men and 10 for women, most of which play in the Mid-American Conference. The men's ice hockey team plays in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference.


Colgate University

Colgate University is a private university in Hamilton, New York. The university has about 2,837 students. It was founded in 1819. Since 2010 the president of the university is Jeffrey Herbst.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Raiders. They have 25 varsity teams and they compete in the Patriot League.


La Niña

La Niña is a coupled ocean atmosphere phenomenon that is counterpart to El Niño. The
name means "little girl" in Spanish. La Niñas are often, though not always, preceded by an El Niño phenomenon. Weather patterns in the United States are usually different than during El Niño years. During La Niñas the Atlantic hurricane season produces more intense storms than normal.
A strong La Niña hit in 1988-1989. A weaker one took place during 1995. An extended strong La Niña spell took place from 1998 to 2000, followed by neutral periods between 2000 and 2002. A more recent La Niña happened in 2007-2008, followed by neutral conditions in 2008-2009.

Central Committee

In political parties, the Central Committee (also called Steering Committee or National Committee) is a group of party members that make all decisions for the party.

The Committee is usually led by a Chairman. The Committee usually elects its Chairman to represent it, and also elects other important members of the party.

In one-party dictatorships, the Central Committee is all-powerful and leads the country. In the Soviet Union, for example, Joseph Stalin, used his power as General Secretary to have complete control over the Communist Party of the Soviet Union's Central Committee and was able to become more powerful than the Committee itself.

This Tuesday in Texas

This Tuesday in Texas was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on December 3, 1991 at Freeman Coliseum in San Antonio, Texas. There were five professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the card. The main event was a rematch involving Hulk Hogan and the Undertaker. Lukewarm reaction made the experiment a failure.

Perry Saturn

Perry Arthur Satullo (born October 25, 1966) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) under the ring name, Perry Saturn.

In an interview, Saturn revealed that he had been shot with a .25 caliber handgun in the back of the neck while he was trying to save a woman who was being raped by two men. After he was shot, Satullo became addicted to crystal meth and was homeless for two and a half years. Many friends and fans believed that he was dead until he made a surprise appearance at a WWE event.


John Tenta

John Anthony Tenta, Jr. (June 22, 1963 – June 7, 2006) was a Canadian sumōtori and professional wrestler. He was best known for wrestling with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) under the ring names, Earthquake and Golga and World Championship Wrestling (WCW) under the ring names, Avalanche and The Shark.

He was also known for being a sumo wrestler where did quite well but retired from the sport due to the difficulty of the sumo lifestyle, the toll the hard ring surface was taking on his body and the large tattoo of a tiger on his left biceps which in Japan is associated with gangsters. He was born on June 22, 1963 in Surrey, British Columbia and died on June 7, 2006 in Sanford, Florida from bladder cancer.

Tenta was shown in the video games, WWF WrestleFest in 1991, WWF Super WrestleMania in 1992, King of Colosseum II in 2004 and as DLC character in WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2009 in 2009.

Tenta held many championships during his professional wrestling career:



Arthur Griffith

Arthur Griffith (; 31 March 1872 – 12 August 1922) was the founder of Sinn Fein, which became the political wing of the Irish Republican Army. Griffith said the Act of Union of Great Britain and Ireland in 1800 was illegal and that there should therefore be one government for Great Britain and another for Ireland. The King of Great Britain would also be King of Ireland. 

Elected to the parliament in 1918, he was also responsible for the Anglo-Irish Treaty (1921) which helped set up the Irish Free State.

Aristide Briand

Aristide Briand (; 28 March 1862 – 7 March 1932) became the Prime Minister of France in 1909. He participated in the movement for labour-union formation and also in drafting the law of separation of church and state. Briand was criticised for trying to make peace with Germany. However, it was Briand who played a leading role in formulating the Locarno Pact, a treaty intended to establish peace in western Europe and ease relations with Germany.


Jimmy Snuka

James Reiher Snuka (born James Wiley Smith; May 18, 1943 – January 15, 2017) was a Fijian-American professional wrestler. He is better known by his ring name, Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka. His first match was in 1967. Snuka is one of the most remembered wrestlers, along with Hulk Hogan, Ted DiBiase, and more. His daughter Tamina Snuka currently works for the WWE. His son Jimmy Snuka, Jr. also worked for the company.

He retired from wrestling in 2015. In August 2015, his wife announced that Snuka was diagnosed with stomach cancer.

On September 1, 2015, Snuka was arrested and charged with third-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter in the 1983 death of his girlfriend Nancy Argentino at an Allentown, Pennsylvania hotel. The charges were dismissed in 2017, because of Snuka's terminal illness and dementia.

Snuka died of stomach cancer on January 15, 2017 in Pompano Beach, Florida, aged 74.


Bill Goldberg

William Scott "Bill" Goldberg (born March 27, 1966 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American professional wrestler, actor and former American football defensive tackle. who is best known for wrestling with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). Goldberg also played professional football with the Los Angeles Rams and the Atlanta Falcons. He is a four-time world champion, winning both the WCW and WWE World Heavyweight Championships once and the WWE Universal Championship two times. He was introduced into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2018.



Sienna Miller

Sienna Rosie Diana Miller (born 28 December 1981) is an American-born British actress. model and fashion designer. She has starred in "Layer Cake", "Alfie", "Factory Girl", and "The Edge of Love". She was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2008.

Sienna Rose Diana Miller was born on December 28, 1981 in New York City, United States. She is the daughter of a South African-born mother and American father. She has lived in England for most of her life and has dual citizenship - American and British.

Before her professional acting career, Miller worked as a photographic model. She signed with Tandy Anderson of Select Model Management London. She modeled for Coca-Cola, Italian "Vogue", and posed topless in the 2003 Pirelli Calendar. Miller signed a two-year contract with Pepe Jeans London. The jeans ad campaign first appeared in magazines March 2006. In February 2009, Hugo Boss Fragrances said that Miller would be the new ambassador for their "BOSS Orange" women's perfume.

Miller's had a relationship with Jude Law, her co-star from "Alfie". On Christmas Day 2004, they became engaged. On July 8, 2005, Law issued a public apology to Miller for having an affair with the nanny of his children. After trying to mend their relationship, Miller and Law finally separated the following November.

In 2008, Miller had a highly publicized affair with married actor Balthazar Getty. Miller later sued two British tabloids over the publication of photos showing her and Getty together.

She was in a relationship actor Tom Sturridge between 2011 and 2015. They have a daughter, Marlowe Ottoline, born in July 2012.

Julie Christie

Julie Christie (born 14 April 1940) is a British actress. She has worked in theatre, motion picture and television. She has won the Academy, Golden Globe, BAFTA and Screen Actors Guild Award. In 1997 she was given a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award. She has starred in many movies throughout her career. She was born in British India to British parents.

In 1967, "Time" magazine said of her: "What Julie Christie wears has more real impact on fashion than all the clothes of the ten best-dressed women combined".

In the early 1960s, Christie dated actor Terence Stamp. She became engaged to Don Bessant, a lithographer and art teacher, in 1965. She dated actor Warren Beatty from 1967 to 1974. In November 2007, aged 66, Christie married "The Guardian" journalist Duncan Campbell. He had been her partner since 1979.

She is active in various causes, including animal rights, environmental protection, and the anti-nuclear power movement. She is also a Patron of the Palestine Solidarity Campaign. 

Royal Court Theatre
Wyndhams Theatre & Theatr Clywd 
Chichester Festival Theatre (and on tour, Bath, Oxford, Richmond and Guildford)
Broadway
RSC


2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami

The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami was a 9.0-magnitude earthquake followed by tsunami waves. It was measured at 8.4 on the JMA seismic intensity scale The earthquake happened off Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, on the east coast of the Tōhoku of Japan, on March 11, 2011 at 05:46:23 UTC. It was at a depth of 24.4 km (15.2 miles). It was the most powerful earthquake to hit Japan in recorded history. It was also the fourth most powerful earthquake on Earth since record-keeping began in 1900.

On 10 February 2015, the Japanese National Police Agency report confirmed 15,890 deaths, 6,152 injured, and 2,590 people missing.

Days before the main earthquake, there were several foreshocks. The biggest one was a 7.2 magnitude earthquake on 9 March, about from the main earthquake's location.

The United States Geological Survey said the centre of the earthquake was from Tokyo. A 7.7 aftershock happened 30 minutes following the first quake. There have been more than 600 aftershocks bigger than magnitude 4.5 or more.

The earthquake started fires. The Shinkansen high speed bullet trains were stopped and Haneda Airport was closed after the quake. Various train services around Japan were also stopped. Hundreds of flights to Japan were cancelled due to the earthquake and tsunami, affecting many people. A large fire broke out at an oil refinery in Ichihara, Chiba prefecture.

The nuclear power plants shut down automatically. At first the Japanese Prime Minister said that no radioactive material leaked. About 51,000 people were moved away from the nuclear reactor at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in Fukushima city when its cooling system failed. There are fears that the nuclear reactor might meltdown.

The earthquake started a tsunami warning for Japan's Pacific coast and other countries, including New Zealand, Australia, Russia, Guam, Philippines, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, Nauru, Hawaii, Northern Mariana Islands (USA) and Taiwan. The tsunami warning issued by Japan was the most serious on its warning scale. It warned that the wave could be as much as 10 meters high. A 0.5 meter high wave hit Japan's northern coast. Kyodo news agency reported a four-metre-high tsunami hit the Iwate Prefecture in Japan. Miyagi Prefecture was flooded, with waves carrying buildings and cars along as they travelled inland. In some areas the waves reached 10 km inland.

At 9:28 p.m (HST) the National Weather Service issued a tsunami warning until 7 a.m. for all of Hawaii. Tsunami waves were expected to arrive in Hawaii at 2:59 am local time. A wave two meters high reached California, after travelling across the Pacific Ocean at a speed of 500 kilometres per hour. A man in California was drowned after being swept into the ocean while trying to take a photograph of the tsunami wave.

The Japanese National Police Agency has officially confirmed 15,890 deaths, 6,152 injured, and 2,590 people missing across 18 prefectures, as well as over 126,000 buildings damaged or destroyed.

The Fukushima nuclear disaster began on March 11 2011, just hours after the initial wave. The connection to the electrical grid was broken. All power for cooling was lost and reactors started to overheat. There was a partial core meltdown in reactors 1, 2, and 3; hydrogen explosions destroyed the upper part of the buildings housing reactors 1, 3, and 4; an explosion damaged the containment inside reactor 2; fires broke out at reactor 4. Despite being initially shutdown, reactors 5 and 6 began to overheat. Spent nuclear fuel rods stored in pools in each reactor building overheated as water levels in the pools dropped. The accident is the second biggest nuclear accident after the Chernobyl disaster, but more complex as all reactors are involved.

There were 4.4 million households that had their electricity supply cut off, including 11 nuclear power plants.

The quake moved parts of northeast Japan as much as closer to North America, making parts of Japan's land "wider than before," according to geophysicist Ross Stein. Areas of Japan closest to the epi-center shifted the most.

The Pacific plate itself may have moved westwards by up to . Other estimates put the amount of slippage at as much as , covering an area some long by wide. If confirmed, this would be one of the largest recorded fault movements to have been associated with an earthquake.

According to Italy's National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology, the earthquake shifted the Earth's axis by . This deviation led to a number of small planetary changes, including the length of a day and the tilt of the Earth. The speed of the Earth's rotation increased, shortening the day by 1.8 microseconds due to the redistribution of Earth's mass.

The axial shift was caused by the redistribution of mass on the Earth's surface, which changed the planet's moment of inertia. Due to the conservation of angular momentum, such changes of inertia result in small changes to the Earth's rate of rotation. These are expected changes for an earthquake of this magnitude.

The Tōhoku Expressway, which serves northern Japan, had to be closed due to cracks on the roads. The whole railway network was closed, but was reopened hours after the earthquake. Up to 100,000 people were stuck waiting for a ride straight out of the city.

In response to the great disaster, Emperor Akihito directly addressed his subjects in a television broadcast. This was the first time any emperor had used television in this way.

There were other people from other countries helping people after this disaster. For example, Google set up a people finder service, which allowed users to ask for or post information about missing people.


Lea Michele

Lea Michele Sarfati (born August 29, 1986), known by her stage name Lea Michele, is an American actress and singer. Michele began working as a child actress on Broadway in shows like "Ragtime" and "Les Misérables". She was the first person to play the character Wendla in the musical "Spring Awakening" and now plays Rachel Berry in the Fox television series "Glee".

Michele was born in the Bronx, New York City, in 1986. Her mother is Edith Sarfati, a nurse, and her father is Marc Sarfati, a deli owner. Michele's mother is Italian American and Roman Catholic, while her father is a Spanish Sephardic Jew. Michele grew up in New York City and Tenafly, New Jersey. She went to Rockland County Day School for elementary school in New York and then Tenafly High School. Michele was home schooled one year while working in Toronto Canada on "Ragtime". She went to Stagedoor Manor in the Catskills, a performing arts training center. She was then later accepted to the CAP21 program at the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University, but instead continued working on stage.

At eight years old, Michele went with a friend to an open casting call for a musical. She decided on a whim she wanted to try out. She was offered the part and made her debut on Broadway in 1995 as a replacement in the role of Young Cosette in the New York City showing of "Les Misérables". Then, in 1998, she played Tateh's daughter, the Little Girl, in the original Broadway cast of "Ragtime". In 2004, Michele played Shprintze and Chava in the Broadway revival of the musical "Fiddler on the Roof". She also sang on the 2003 Broadway revival cast recording of "Fiddler on the Roof".

She played the role of Wendla in Steven Sater and Duncan Sheik's musical version of "Spring Awakening", starring in early workshops to Off-Broadway and finally playing the role in the Broadway production at the age of 20. Around the same time that the show was set to go to Broadway, she was offered the role of Eponine in the Broadway revival of "Les Misérables". She decided to remain with "Spring Awakening", which debuted on Broadway in December 2006. She was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for her acting in "Spring Awakening" in the category of Outstanding Actress in a Musical.

On May 18, 2008, Michele left "Spring Awakening" with co-star Jonathan Groff. She acted in a reading of Sheik and Sater's new musical, "Nero", in July 2008 at Vassar College. From August 8–August 10, 2008, she played Eponine in the Hollywood Bowl's "Les Misérables" concert. She sings on the original Broadway cast recordings of "Ragtime" and "Spring Awakening".

Michele stars in the Fox television series "Glee", where she plays the star singer of a high school glee club, Rachel Berry. The pilot debuted on May 19, 2009. She has won a Screen Actors Guild Award for outstanding ensemble performance and the 2009 Satellite Award for best actress. She also received nominations for an Emmy Award, two nominations for a Golden Globe Award, and Teen Choice Award for her performance in the role. Her cover of The All-American Rejects' "Gives You Hell" reached the top 40 on the US Billboard 200. Michele is the lead singer in 14 of the top 20 selling "Glee" songs as of 2010.

Michele was included in "Time" magazine's 2010 list of the 100 Most Influential People In the World. FHM named her #7 on 2010 Sexiest Women List, which was the highest ranking for a new entry on the list that year. Michele was named to People Magazine's Best Dressed List of 2010 as "The Newbie" and she was voted "2010 Most Stylish Star" by E! Online.

In 2010, Michele joined the cast of the animated movie "Dorothy of Oz", voicing the lead role of Dorothy Gale. That same year, she joined the cast of Garry Marshall's romantic comedy "New Year's Eve".

Before Super Bowl XLV, on February 6, 2011, she performed "America the Beautiful" with the Air Force Tops In Blue.

Michele is active in charities for gay rights and animal rights, as well as in numerous other charities. In 2008, Michele was a part of the PETA ad campaign "Buck Cruelty! Say No to Horse-Drawn Carriage Rides". In April 2010, Michele appeared in a PSA for PETA speaking out against fur clothing. In September 2010, Michele was honored by PETA for her work for animals. In addition to working with PETA, Michele is also a vegan.

In support of gay rights, Michele performed at the Human Rights Campaign Dinner in November 2009. In the same month, Michele and Jonathan Groff sang in the True Colors Cabaret, a fundraiser in support of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender equality.

In 2008, Michele performed at a benefit concert, "Alive in the World", to aid the Twin Tower Orphan Fund. Michele has also been active with Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS. For Broadway Cares, Michele has participated in Broadway Barks, Broadway Bares, Easter Bonnet Competition and The Flea Market and Grand Auction. In October 2010, Michele performed at a benefit concert for the Painted Turtle, a camp for children with illnesses. The concert celebrated the 35th anniversary of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", with Michele playing the lead role of Janet Weiss for the benefit. In February 2011 she performed for The Grammy's MusiCares Benefit in Los Angeles, California. Money earned by the event go to help musicians in need.


Cory Monteith

Cory Allan Michael Monteith (May 11, 1982–July 13, 2013) was a Canadian actor and musician, best known for his role as Finn Hudson on the Fox television series "Glee".

Monteith was born in Calgary, but raised in Victoria, British Columbia. He began his acting career in Vancouver, British Columbia. He played small roles in "Final Destination 3", "Whisper" and "Deck the Halls". He had a regular role in "Kyle XY". He also guest starred in such Canadian-filmed television shows as "Smallville", "Supernatural", "Flash Gordon", "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate SG-1".

In 2005 he acted in "Killer Bash" about a murdered geek's soul taking revenge on his murderer's children by taking over a girl's body. In 2007, he starred in the MTV series "Kaya".

In 2009, Monteith was cast in the Fox series "Glee", playing Finn Hudson, the male lead of the glee club and the quarterback of McKinley High School. For his audition tape, he drummed on Tupperware using pencils. The first time he sang in front of an audience was at his in-person audition, at which he sang "Honesty" by Billy Joel. He and Lea Michele, his "Glee" co-star, were included in "Entertainment Weekly"'s 2009 "Summer Must List", being named "Summer's Must Songbirds" for their roles as Finn and Rachel on "Glee", respectively.

In April 2010, Monteith was cast in the romantic comedy movie "Monte Carlo". In May 2010, the cast of "Glee" went on a two week live tour with stops in Los Angeles, Phoenix, Chicago and New York City. The cast performed many hits from the show and had several skits between songs.

On August 8, 2010 he co-hosted the Teen Choice Awards. Monteith hosted the Gemini Awards in Toronto on November 13, 2010.

In January 2011, he was filmed for the movie Sisters and Brothers with Dustin Milligan, and it was announced that Monteith is at the center of a new untitled workplace comedy, starring and co-producing.

Monteith played drums for the Indie rock band "Bonnie Dune" based in Los Angeles. Members include lead singer Justin Wilczynski (who co-starred with Monteith on the short-lived MTV series "Kaya"), guitarist Seth Roberts (who is the singer of the band Lakes), and bassist Josh Kerr.

Monteith was born in Calgary, Alberta and raised in Victoria, British Columbia. He had one older brother. His parents divorced when he was 7 years old. He lived with his mother in Calgary, Alberta, with his father living in Oromocto, New Brunswick. Before becoming an actor, he worked in Nanaimo, British Columbia as a Wal-Mart people greeter, at a car wash, taxicab driver, school bus driver and roofer.

He lived in Los Angeles. He dropped out of school in the ninth grade. Monteith said in an interview: "It wasn't for me. I can remember ever since about the sixth or seventh grade, I just didn't understand why I had to learn what I was learning. For some reason, there was a spirit of rebellion in me."

Monteith was found dead in his Fairmont Pacific Rim hotel room on July 13, 2013 in Vancouver, British Columbia. He was 31. The cause of his death was of a drug overdose of heroin and alcohol.




Beyti (meat dish)

Beyti is a type of Turkish meat dish.

During a visit to Switzerland in 1961, Beyti Güler was inspired by the renowned butcher Möller's way of preparing meat. When he returned home, he introduced a dish consisting of roasted lamb fillets wrapped in strips of lamb cutlet fat. It came to be named after him when the kebap's fame spread all over the world.

Beyti (Istanbul)

Beyti is a restaurant in Istanbul, Turkey. It was opened in 1945 in the neighbourhood of Küçükçekmece. It is owned and managed by Beyti Güler. The restaurant specialises in traditional Turkish food, particularly roasted meat.

Beyti Güler is descended from Turkic people who fled from Samarkand to Crimea in the 1720s. In the 1870s, after the Crimean War, the family moved to Romania, then part of the Ottoman Empire. The family immigrated to Turkey in 1935.

In 1945 Beyti and his father opened a small roadside meat restaurant of 30 m² with four tables in the suburbs of Istanbul. The restaurant only had 20 seats, but became popular soon after opening. Many came for the döner kebap that was rarely available elsewhere.

An article published in 1965 in the "New York Herald Tribune" led to international fame. From 1966 to 1974, the restaurant catered daily to four Pan Am airliners. The restaurant served U.S. President Richard Nixon aboard Air Force One during his first official trip to Europe, an opportunity that helped the Turkish kebap (grill) dishes become renowned.

During a visit to Switzerland in 1961, Beyti Güler was inspired by the renowned butcher Möller's way of preparing meat. When he returned home, he introduced a dish consisting of roasted lamb fillets wrapped in strips of lamb cutlet fat. It came to be named after him when the kebap's fame spread all over the world.

In more than fifty years many heads of state, high-ranking politicians, top businessmen and celebrities around the globe have dined in Beyti during their visits to Istanbul.


Jane Lynch

Jane Lynch (born July 14, 1960) is an American comedian and actress. Since 2009, she has played Sue Sylvester in the Fox musical-comedy series "Glee" for which she has won an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award. She has also acted in comedy movies such as "Best in Show", "The 40-Year-Old Virgin" and "Role Models", as well as television shows as lawyer Joyce Wischina in "The L Word", Dr. Linda Freeman in "Two and a Half Men" and Diana Reid on "Criminal Minds". She has appeared on "iCarly" as Sam's mother. She was also a regular on the comedy-drama series "Party Down" as Constance Carmell; the role got good reviews.

Lynch was born and raised in Dolton, Illinois, the daughter of a homemaker mother and a banker father. She was raised in an Irish Catholic family and went to Thornridge High School. She got her bachelor's degree in theatre from Illinois State University and her MFA in theatre from Cornell University.

Lynch spent fifteen years in Chicago, acting in the Steppenwolf Theatre Company, and touring with The Second City comedy troupe. She played Carol Brady in "The Real Live Brady Bunch". She also wrote and starred in the award-winning play "Oh Sister, My Sister".

Her breakthrough movie role was as Christy Cummings, the butch lesbian personal dog handler to trophy wife Sheri Ann Cabot (Jennifer Coolidge) in director Christopher Guest's mockumentary "Best in Show" (2000). She also appeared in Guest's "A Mighty Wind" (2003) as porn actress-turned-folk singer Laurie Bohner and in "For Your Consideration" (2006) as an entertainment reporter.

Lynch is also a television actress. She starred with John Hannah and William Fichtner in 2002's "MDs", and has made guest appearances in many television shows, including "L.A. Law", "Judging Amy", "The West Wing", "7th Heaven", "Friends", "Dawson's Creek", "Felicity", "Arrested Development", "Lovespring International", "Two and a Half Men", "Weeds", "Boston Legal", "The L Word", "Criminal Minds", "Help Me Help You", "Gilmore Girls", "The New Adventures of Old Christine", "Psych", "Monk" and "Party Down", among others.

In 2005, Lynch was named as one of POWER UP's "10 Amazing Gay Women in Showbiz."

Audiences and critics took notice of Lynch for her oddball role in Judd Apatow's "The 40-Year-Old Virgin". She told "Fresh Air"'s Terry Gross the role was originally intended for a man but, at the urging of Steve Carell's wife Nancy Walls, was offered to Lynch instead. Since then, she has starred in a series of movies including "Role Models", "", "Alvin & the Chipmunks", "", "Space Chimps", "The Rocker", "The Hammer", "Another Cinderella Story", "", and "Spring Breakdown".

In "Julie and Julia", she played the role of Dorothy McWilliams, Julia Child's sister. "Entertainment Weekly" dedicated an article on their website toward the possibility of her performance receiving an Academy Award nomination.

Beginning 2009, Lynch appeared on the Fox show "Glee". She won glowing reviews for her role as the aggressive cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester. Mary McNamara of the LA Times wrote, "Lynch alone makes Glee worth watching." Before her work with "Glee", she was a series regular on the Starz comedy "Party Down". Though the series was renewed for a second season, Lynch would not be returning because of her work on "Glee". On December 15, 2009, Lynch received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Miniseries, or Television movie for her role on "Glee". She lost to Chloë Sevigny. The series itself also received nominations in three other categories. On August 29, 2010, Lynch won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress - Comedy Series.

Lynch hosted "Saturday Night Live" on October 9, 2010; the news of her hosting was accidentally revealed to her by her "Glee" boss, Ryan Murphy, by text message. Lynch also guest starred on the Nickelodeon show "iCarly" as Pam Puckett, Sam Puckett's mother, in the episode "iSam's Mom".

Lynch appeared at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards on September 12, 2010.

In January 2011, Lynch was awarded the Golden Globe in The Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Miniseries, or Television movie Catergory. She also started appearing in Comcast's XFinity ads that are shown on both the Internet and television in the United States, mainly with two different laptops and two different colored Persian cats.

Lynch, who is openly lesbian, married clinical psychologist Dr. Lara Embry on May 31, 2010 at the Blue Heron Restaurant in Sunderland, Massachusetts. On June 10, 2013, Lynch announced they were divorcing. Embry herself received publicity surrounding a custody battle over two children with her former partner.



Husband

A husband is a married man. "Married" means that the law says two people are legally "joined". During the wedding ceremony, the husband is called the groom (or bridegroom). In Christianity and Judaism a husband can have one wife (monogamy). In Islam a husband can have up to four wives (polygamy).


Halle

Halle may refer to:





Michael Kort

Michael Kort (born 1944) is an American historian. After studying at Johns Hopkins University and New York University, he eventually became a professor at Boston University. He specializes in Soviet history.

Kort's books include biographies of Nikita Krushchev and Mikhail Gorbachev, as well textbooks about the Soviet Union. Other nonfiction books include "The Rise and Fall of the Soviet Union" and "Marxism in Power".

Freezing rain

Freezing rain is rain that freezes when it hits the ground. It happens when the air is above freezing, but the ground is below freezing. It makes things slippery, and can cause problems.


Operation (mathematics)

In mathematics, an operation is a function which takes one or more inputs (named operands) and produces an output. Common operations are addition, subtraction, multiplication and division, all of which take two inputs and produce an output. These are named binary operations, and are frequently used when solving math problems. Other kinds of operations are named unary operations, which take only one input and produce an output.

There are more operations than these, including raising numbers to exponents, taking the root and applying the logarithm.

Below is a list of the most useful operations.

Addition is the first arithmetic operation and hyperoperation. It is the inverse operation of subtraction. The terms in an addition are named "addends", and the result of an addition is named a "sum".

The symbol for addition is +
Examples:

formula_1

formula_2

formula_3

formula_4

formula_5
Any number plus zero is the same number (formula_6). This is named the "additive identity".

For example: formula_7

Changing the order of the addends in an addition does not change its sum. This is named the "commutative property of addition".

For example: formula_8

Changing how addends are grouped in an addition does not change its sum either. This is named the "associative property of addition".

For example: formula_9

The opposite of a number formula_10 is formula_11. A number formula_10 plus its opposite formula_11 is always equal to 0: formula_14

For example, the opposite of 5 is -5, because formula_15

The absolute value of two opposite numbers is always the same.

Subtraction is the second arithmetic operation and the inverse operation of addition. The number that is being subtracted is the "subtrahend" and the number it is subtracted from is the "minuend". The result of a subtraction is named a "difference".

The symbol for subtraction is −
Examples:

formula_16

formula_17

formula_18

formula_19

formula_20

formula_21
Because of the "additive identity", any number minus zero is the same number (formula_22).

In a subtraction of two terms, switching the minuend and the subtrahend changes the sign of the answer, meaning subtraction is anticommutative.

For example: formula_23 and formula_24

Multiplication is the third arithmetic operation and the second hyperoperation. It is the inverse operation of division. The terms in a multiplication are named "factors", and the result of a multiplication is named a "product".

Multiplication is repeated addition.

The symbol for multiplication is × (• in algebra and * in most programming languages).
Examples:

formula_25

formula_26

formula_27

formula_28

formula_29

Any number times one is the same number (formula_30). This is named the "multiplicative identity".

For example: formula_31

Changing the order of the factors in a multiplication does not change its product. This is named the "commutative property of multiplication".

For example: formula_32

Changing how factors are grouped in a multiplication does not change its product either. This is named the "associative property of multiplication".

For example: formula_33

Multiplication can also be implied. For example, formula_34 means formula_35, and formula_36 means formula_37.

With the Hindu-Arabic numerals, putting two digits next to each other could be misunderstood (e.g. 235 is read as "two hundred and thirty-five" and not formula_38). Instead, one of the numbers (normally the second) is put in brackets.

For example: formula_39

The reciprocal of a number formula_40 is formula_41. A number formula_40 times its reciprocal formula_41 is always equal to 1: formula_44

For example, the reciprocal of 3 is 1/3, because formula_45

To get the reciprocal of a fraction, switch the numerator and the denominator: the reciprocal of formula_46 is formula_47

Division is the fourth arithmetic operation and the inverse operation of multiplication. The number that is being divided is the "dividend" and the number it is divided by is the "divisor". The number on top of a fraction is named the "numerator" and the number at the bottom is named the "denominator". The result of a division is named a "quotient".

Division is repeated subtraction.

The symbol for division is / or a fraction.
Examples:

formula_48

formula_49

formula_50

formula_51

formula_52
Because of the "multiplicative identity", any number divided by one is the same number (formula_53).

Division by zero is undefined (formula_54).

In a fraction, switching the numerator and the denominator gives the reciprocal of the fraction.

For example: formula_55

Exponentiation is the fifth arithmetic operation and the third hyperoperation. It is one of the inverse operations of roots and logarithms. The number that is being multiplied is the "base" and the number of times it is multiplied is the "exponent". The result of an exponentiation is named a "power".

Exponentiation is repeated multiplication.

The symbol for exponentiation is the superscript (formula_56) or the caret (^).
Examples:

formula_57

formula_58

formula_59

formula_60

formula_61

formula_62
Because of the "multiplicative identity", the first power of any number is the same number, and the zeroth power of any number is one (formula_63 and formula_64).

Roots are the sixth arithmetic operation and one of the inverse operations of exponentiation and logarithms. The first term is named the "index", and the second term is named the "radicand". The result of a root is named a "base". When there is no index, this means it is a square (index 2) root.

The symbol for roots is the radical (formula_65).

Examples:

formula_66

formula_67

formula_68

formula_69

formula_70
The first root of any number is the same number (formula_71).

Logarithms are the seventh arithmetic operation and one of the inverse operations of exponentiation and roots. The first term is named the "base", and the second term is named the "power". The result of a logarithm is named an "exponent". When there is no base, this means it is a decimal (base 10) logarithm.

The symbol for logarithm is formula_72
Examples:

formula_73

formula_74

formula_75

formula_76

formula_77
The logarithm of 1 (formula_78) is 0 in every base. This is because formula_79

The logarithm base formula_80, or natural logarithm, is written as formula_81.

Modulation is the eighth arithmetic operation. It gives the remainder of a division. The first term is named the "modulend" and the second term is named the "modulator". The result of a modulation is named a "modulus".

The symbol for modulation is \
Examples:

formula_82

formula_83

formula_84

formula_85

formula_86
formula_87 is always equal to zero, because zero can be divided by any number (formula_88).

Factorial is a function which gives the number of ways to arrange formula_10 objects. The term is named the "index". The result of a factorial is also named a factorial.

The symbol for factorial is !

The first factorials are:

formula_90

formula_91

formula_92

formula_93

formula_94

formula_95
formula_96 is equal to one because there is exactly one way of arranging 0 objects. Factorials are undefined for negative integers. Factorials of fractional numbers can be calculated using the Gamma function.

Absolute value is a function which gives the distance from zero (or magnitude) of a number.

The symbol for absolute value is formula_97
Examples:

formula_98

formula_99

formula_100

formula_101

formula_102
The absolute value of formula_103 is the same as the absolute value of formula_104 (formula_105). This is because subtraction is anticommutative.


The 39 Clues

The 39 Clues is a set of five series of ten adventure novels written by different authors including Rick Riordan, Gordon Korman, Peter Lerangis, Jude Watson, Patrick Carman, Linda Sue Park, Margaret Peterson Haddix, Roland Smith, David Baldacci, Jeff Hirsch, Natalie Standiford, C. Alexander London, Sarwat Chadda and Jenny Goebel. In the series, the two main characters are Dan and Amy Cahill. 

They are published by Scholastic Press in the United States. Steven Spielberg bought the movie rights to the series in June 2008. Universal Pictures bought the rights in 2013 but in 2023 no movie has appeared. 

The fictitious Cahill family has supposedly changed the world more than any other family. Most famous people are apparently Cahills. They are split into five branches, the Lucians, Ekatrinas, Tomas, Janus, and Madrigal.

The Lucians are good leaders and spies, and are also good with poisons.

The Ekaterinas are very inventive and good scientists.

The Tomas are very tough and strong.

The Janus are very creative and good artists, musicians, and authors.

The Madrigals are trying to keep their other family members from being too violent/getting all 39 clues.

Dan Cahill is an 11-year-old boy who likes ninjas, video games, eating, gross stuff, and collecting things. Dan has asthma, but a photographic memory.

Amy Cahill is a 14-year-old girl who likes reading and museums. She is scared of public speaking. Dan and Amy live in Boston, Massachusetts

Grace Cahill is Dan and Amy's recently deceased (dead) grandmother. She took them to museums, and secretly got them ready for the hunt. Amy, Dan, and Grace are Madrigals.

Nellie Gomez is their au pair. She is about 22 years old, and can speak a lot of languages and fly an airplane. She has dyed (colored) hair.

Isabel Kabra is a Lucian and Dan and Amy's main enemy. She is very mean and has tried to kill both of them at different times. Her children, Ian and Natalie Kabra help her.

Irina Spasky is a Lucian woman in her 40s or 50s. She appeared to be Dan and Amy's enemy, but turns out to be their ally.

Alistair Oh is a 64-year-old Korean man. His branch is Ekaterina. He has formed an alliance with Amy and Dan, but ends up betraying (breaking a promise) them. He is Bae Oh's nephew.

Jonah Wizard is a 15-year-old Janus boy and world-famous pop star. His mother, Cora Wizard, really pushes him to do well, and his father, Broderick Wizard, types on his BlackBerry a lot.

The Starling triplets, Ned, Ted, and Sinead are Ekaterinas who were severely injured in a bomb blast in Book 1, but get back in the hunt in Book 10.

The Holts are a Tomas family of five. They are all very strong. Amy and Dan made a temporary alliance with 15 year old Hamilton Holt.

In Book 1, the Cahills learn that their family is the most powerful family in the world. They split into groups and start on the clue hunt. They go to places where Benjamin Franklin went, including Boston, Philadelphia, and Paris.

In Book 2, Amy and Dan go to a monastery in the Alps, [where they are chased by monks], and Venice.

In Book 3, they go to Japan and South Korea, where they team up with Alistair, but he later abandons them.

In Book 4, they go to a tomb in an Egyptian pyramid where they meet Irina.

In Book 5, Amy and Dan team up with the Holts to go to different cities throughout Russia. They have to go to five cities in 36 hours to get into the Amber Room, which holds the fifth clue.

In Book 6, they go to a mine in Australia and almost get killed by Isabel. Irina turns out to be their ally, but then she dies in a fire in Indonesia caused by Isabel.

In Book 7, Amy and Dan go to Pretoria, in South Africa. While they are there, they barely escape out of a Tomas stronghold and discover that they are Madrigals.

In Book 8, Amy and Dan go to China, where they get separated. Dan stays with Jonah and his family for a while, but eventually he takes a train to Lhasa, near Mount Everest. In a village near Lhasa, Dan meets Amy as they both try to take a helicopter to go to Mount Everest.

In Book 9, they go to the Caribbean, where they learn more about their family branch, and that they need to unite the family.

In Book 10, they go to England and Amy and Dan successfully unite the family. They do this by having to go through a cave with explosions.

First-person narrative

A first-person narrative is a narrative mode in which a story or work that is narrated (told) by one character at a time, speaking from their point of view only. First-person narrative may be told by only one storyteller, or many.

This type of narrative can use such words like me, myself and I.

Jacksonwald, Pennsylvania

Jacksonwald is a community in Exeter Township, Pennsylvania, United States. It is less than a mile from the borough of St. Lawrence, Pennsylvania.

Monica (singer)

Monica Denise Arnold (born October 24, 1980), known simply as Monica, is an American R&B singer-songwriter. Her debut album "Miss Thang" was released in 1995. Her second album, "The Boy Is Mine", was successful internationally. She was born on October 24, 1980.

Wanda Sykes

Wanda Sykes (born March 7, 1964) is an American Writer, Comedienne and Actress. She was born in Portsmouth, Virginia and raised in Washington, D.C. She starred in the sitcom "Curb Your Enthusiasm" on the HBO network. In November 2009 her late night talk show "The Wanda Sykes Show" premiered.

Sykes is lesbian. She married her wife, Alex, in 2006.

Perilla

Perilla is a genus of annual herb which is a member of the mint family. In mild climates the plant can reseed itself. There are both green leafed and purple leafed versions of this plant. The plant's leaves resemble stinging nettle leaves, though they are slightly rounder in shape.


Jake Roberts

Aurelian Jake Smith, Jr. (born May 30, 1950) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is best known for wrestling with WWF, WCW and ECW under the ring name, Jake "The Snake" Roberts. He is a second generation wrestler because his father is Aurelian "Grizzly" Smith. He was known for bringing out snakes during his matches, one of his snakes being a python named Damien.

He made a surprise return on the January 6, 2014 episode of "Raw" titled "Old School Raw" and dumped a snake on the face of a downed Dean Ambrose. On the January 27, 2014 episode of "Raw", Jerry Lawler announced that Roberts was the second entrant in the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2014.

During his life, he suffered from alcohol and drug addiction. He moved in with former professional wrestler Diamond Dallas Page to help get his life back on track.

In February 2014, it was reported by TMZ that Roberts had been suffering from muscular cancer below his knee, and was scheduled to go into surgery for it on the 25th. Responding to the article, Roberts was quoted as saying "If the devil can't defeat me, cancer doesn't stand a chance in hell! Pray for sick children who face this horrible disease 'cause The Snake will be just fine." In July 2014, Roberts announced that he was cancer-free, as various operations had been successful.

On August 28 2014, he got sick during a flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas where he was supposed to attend a birthday event for wrestler Nick Cvjetkovich. It was first reported that Roberts had become unconscious but it was later confirmed that he was both alert and awake during the flight and had notified the flight attendant of pain and shortness of breath. It was stated that he was in a 'coma-like' state in order to treat pneumonia. After he was taken to the ICU in Las Vegas, he was diagnosed with pneumonia, which was something his own doctors missed. It was also confirmed that doctors had found an abnormality on his brain which they feel could be a result of all the bumps Robert's took over his career.

On September 6, 2014, Robert was released from the hospital and attended the Future Stars of Wrestling's "Survival of the Fittest" event the same day. At the event, he announced that doctors had found more cancer, this time in his chest.



Mike Krzyzewski

Michael William "Mike" Krzyzewski (, born February, 13, 1947) is an American college basketball coach. He is sometimes referred to as Coach K. He was born in Chicago and went to school at the United States Military Academy, where he played guard. He served in the Army as a basketball coach, and was later the coach of the U.S. Military Academy's basketball team. In 1980, Krzyzewski became the head coach at Duke University, where he has been for 31 years. His teams have been to the NCAA Tournament 27 times, been to the Final Four 11 times, and won 4 national championships. Krzyzewski has also been the coach of the United States national basketball team since 2006. He was elected to the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2001.

Glenn Ford

Glenn Ford (May 1, 1916 - August 30, 2006) was an American actor, born in Canada.

Born Gwyllyn Samuel Newton Ford in Quebec City, Canada. He son of a Canadian railroad worker. Glenn studied at Santa Monica High School. After graduating he started working in small local theaters.

Glenn Ford interrupted his actor career in 1942 to enlist as a volunteer in the Marine Corps of the United States during World War II. Ford was assigned in 1943 to active duty in San Diego Base. Then be promoted to sergeant

Glenn Ford also joined the Naval Reserve United States in 1958 and was promoted to lieutenant commander. Ford touts the Navy through radio and television spectacles. He was promoted to captain in 1968.

Glenn Ford was married four times, and a son, Peter Ford.

He died at 90 years old on August 30, 2006 at his residence of Beverly Hills.

His first movie work, was a short Night in "Manhattan" (1937). He is remembered for playing the role of Johnny Farrell in Classic movie "Gilda" (1946), with Rita Hayworth.

His long list of movie include "The Adventures of Martin Eden" (1942), "The Doctor and the Girl" (1949), "Plunder of the Sun" (1953), "Torpedo Run" (1958), "Experiment in Terror" (1962), "Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse" (1962), "Dear Heart" (1964), "Is Paris Burning?" (1966), "Midway" (1976).
He also participated in the movie of 1978 "Superman", playing the role of Jonathan Kent Superman's father.

Among his most notable roles are that of the incorruptible Detective. Sgt Dave Bannion, who must fight against the Mafia, in "The Big Heat" (1953), also he played role of school teacher who is harassed by his students in "Blackboard Jungle" (1955).

He has starred in big Western movies, in the history of Hollywood as "Texas" (1941), "The Desperadoes" (1943), with Randolph Scott, "The Man from Colorado" (1948), with William Holden, "Lust for Gold" (1949), "The Redhead and the Cowboy" (1951), "The Man from the Alamo" (1953), "The Violent Men" (1955), "Jubal" (1956), with Ernest Borgnine, "The Fastest Gun Alive" (1956), "" (1957), "Cowboy" (1958), "The Sheepman" (1958), "Cimarrón" (1960), "A Time for Killing" (1967), "The Last Challenge" (1967), "Day of the Evil Gun" (1968), and "Heaven with a Gun" (1969). His latest western movies are: "Santee" (1973).

In 1962 Glenn Ford won a Golden Globe, as best actor for the movie Pocketful of Mir, directed by Frank Capra. For his outstanding career in the movies, Glenn Ford star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6933 Hollywood Boulevard. He was also inducted into the Hall of Fame Western artists at the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

In 1971 he starred in the CBS television series "Cade's County", he plays county sheriff Sam Cade, is a must fight against crime. in this series works the son of Glenn Ford, Peter Ford.

Glenn Ford has had great performances in movies and series for television "The Brotherhood of the Bell" (1970), "The Greatest Gift" (1974), "The Disappearance of Flight 412" (1974), "The 3,000 Mile Chase" (1977), "Police Story: No Margin for Error" (1978), "The Sacketts" (1979), his last role was that of Rev. Rogers, in drama "Final Verdict" (1991).


Randy Savage

Randy Savage (real name Randall Mario Poffo, November 15, 1952 – May 20, 2011) was an American professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation (WWF), World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). His father Angelo Poffo (1925-2010) was a wrestler, as is his brother, Lanny Poffo (born 1954). Savage was married to professional wresting manager, Miss Elizabeth until they divorced in 1992. Poffo also released a rap record called, "Be A Man" which featured a diss track about Hulk Hogan and a tribute song about "Mr. Perfect" Curt Hennig. He died on May 20, 2011 after having a heart attack while driving in Seminole, Florida, resulting in a car accident.

On March 28, 2015, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Hulk Hogan. He was represented by his brother Lanny Poffo.



Lynne Ewing

Lynne Ewing is an American book writer and a movie writer.

She moved a lot as she was growing up; her father was in the Marine Corps. She has two sisters. Lynne finished high school in Lima, Peru after going to seven other schools. The time she was in the country Peru, she learned to speak the language Spanish. She attended the University of California at Santa Barbara. She was 30 years old when she began writing for newspapers, documentaries, magazines, and did screen writing. She is also a counselor. The first books that she wrote were "Drive-By" and "Party Girl". "Drive-By" took six years to write, and "Party Girl" has been made into a movie called "Living the Life". She has written the finished book Daughters of the Moon and Sons of the Dark line of books. She lives in Los Angeles and Washington D.C.. Ms. Ewing has two children, Jonathan, a molecular biologist, and Amber, a lawyer who works around the country. She has also been to Japan, China, Russia, Europe, Malaysia, Singapore, Laos, Myanmar, and Thailand. She has started a new line of books named Sisters of Isis.


In 2001, Lynne's book "Party Girl" became a movie called "Living the Life"; Lynne was one of two moviewriters.

Shemp Howard

Shemp Howard (March 11, 1895 - November 22, 1955) was an American comedian and actor. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

He worked for a short time with Larry Fine and Moe Howard in the early 1930s Three Stooges. He later return to the group in 1947. He replaced Curly Howard who was ill. "Fright Night" (1947), was his first short movie with the Three Stooges, followed by "Out West" (1947), one of the best episodes of The Three Stooges. Shemp filmed 73 short movies with The Three Stooges between 1947 and 1955. These included "I'm a Monkey's Uncle" (1948), "Mummy's Dummies" (1948), "Hokus Pokus" (1949), "The Ghost Talks" (1949), "Malice in the Palace" (1949), "Three Arabian Nuts" (1951), "Corny Casanovas" (1952), "Up in Daisy's Penthouse" (1953) and "Musty Musketeers" (1954). Shemp Howard also worked with The Three Stooges on television.


Moorhead, Minnesota

Moorhead is a town in Minnesota with a population of 44,505. It is regarded as the twin city of Fargo, North Dakota, since they are right next to each other. The town was first built in 1870 near a natural crossing point for the Red River. It was named after William G.Moorhead, who was a director of the Northern Pacific Railway. 

Musician Buddy Holly was on his way to Moorhead when he died in a plane crash. This was called "The Day that Music Died" in the song "American Pie", by Don McLean.


Red Grange

Harold Edward "Red" Grange (June 13, 1903 – January 28, 1991) was an American football halfback and actor that played in the National Football League (NFL) for 9 seasons. He was nicknamed "The Galloping Ghost" from a Chicago sportswriter named Warren Brown. He played in the NFL for 3 teams during his professional career the Chicago Bears in 1925 and again from 1929-1934 and also played for the New York Yankees in 1926 and 1927. He played college football at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and his jersey number #77 is retired by the university and is also retired by the Chicago Bears. Grange also acted in two silent movies; One Minute to Play in 1926 and Racing Romeo in 1927. He is inducted into the College and Pro Football Hall of Fame and in 2008 ESPN named him the greatest college football player of all time. Grange never fumbled the football during his NFL career.


Caddyshack

Caddyshack is a 1980 American sports comedy movie that was produced by Douglas Kenney and was directed by Harold Ramis. Caddyshack was released on July 25, 1980 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with a 76% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

This movie had a sequel, "Caddyshack II".



Bull Durham

Bull Durham is an 1988 American romantic comedy baseball movie set in Durham, North Carolina. It was produced by Thom Mount and Mark Burg and was directed by Ron Shelton. Bull Durham was released on June 15, 1988 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with a 98% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 73 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Ostracod

Ostracods are a class of the Crustacea. They are often called seed shrimps because of their appearance. 

Some 65,000 species (13,000 of which are living) have been identified. 

Ostracods are small crustaceans, typically around in size, but varying from to in the case of "Gigantocypris". 

Their bodies are flattened from side to side and protected by a bivalve-like, chitinous or calcareous valve or "shell". The hinge of the two valves is in the upper (dorsal) region of the body.

Marine ostracods live in the zooplankton. Others live in the benthos, on or in the upper layer of the sea floor. 

Many ostracods are also found in fresh water. Terrestrial species of "Mesocypris" are known from humid forest soils of South Africa, Australia, New Zealand and Tasmania. They have a wide range of diets, and the group includes carnivores, herbivores, scavengers, and filter feeders.

Copepods may not be monophyletic. Ostracod taxa are grouped into a Class based on gross morphology (what they look like). Their DNA sequence analysis in their mitochondria has been examined. The results are not clear.

Urban decay

Urban decay is the process in which a city or area goes into conditions of disrepair or becomes decrepit or filled with blight. Urban decay involves white flight, population changes, depopulation, economic troubles, high local unemployment, higher than usual crime and political issues. Blight is associated with condemned properties, empty lots and deserted areas that often attract criminal activity. That includes squattiing in these buildings/homes, 


Aerobic

Aerobic is an adjective that means 'requiring oxygen'.

Aerobic may also refer to:



Muhammad Hassan

Mark Copani (born November 7, 1981 in Syracuse, New York) is a retired American professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) under the ring name, Muhammad Hassan.

His gimmick was about a Middle Eastern-American wrestler that wanted acceptance from the stereotypes created by the 9/11 attacks. His gimmick got attention from the New York Post, TV Guide, Variety and other news sources because he was supposed to face The Undertaker in a match The Great American Bash and Teddy Long put Hassan's manager, Daivari in a match with The Undertaker on the earlier version of SmackDown.

After Daivari was defeated, Hassan began to pray on the entrance ramp and five masked men came out that were dressed in black shirts, ski-masks, and camo pants. They were armed with clubs and a piano wire and they beat and choked the Undertaker out, and Hassan put him in the Camel Clutch.

Three days later before the episode aired, the London bombings took place and UPN didn't have enough time to edit the segment out of the episode and they showed the unedited version in the United States and Canada but was removed from airing in Australia and Europe.

UPN urged the WWE to remove Hassan's character from television which they succeeded in when Copani was released from his WWE contract on September 21, 2005.


Essen (disambiguation)

Essen may refer to:


WWE SmackDown! vs. Raw 2006

WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2006 is a wrestling video game that was published by THQ except in Japan where it was published by Yukes. The video game was released for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable video game systems. The video game was released on November 11, 2005 in Europe and November 14, 2005 in North America for the PlayStation 2 and on December 16, 2005 in Europe and December 13, 2005 in North America for the PlayStation Portable.

It is part of the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw video game series.


WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008

WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008 is a wrestling video game that was published by THQ. The video game was released for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, Wii and Xbox 360 systems. The video game was also released as a mobile game. The video game was released on November 9, 2007 in Europe and on November 13, 2007 in both North America and Australia The game was also released on November 9, 2007 in Europe, November 13, 2007 in North America and on November 22, 2007 in Australia for the PSP.

The game was the first of the SmackDown vs. Raw games to feature the newly revived ECW brand.

It is part of the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw video game series.


Single White Female

Single White Female is a 1992 American thriller movie. The movie stars Bridget Fonda, who plays a young businesswoman looking for a roommate in New York City. The roommate she chooses (played by Jennifer Jason Leigh) initially seems normal. However, she later tries to take over her life and shows that she is a controlling and violent woman who has borderline personality disorder. The film is based on John Lutz's suspense novel "SWF Seeks Same". "Single White Female" was released in August 1992. It was directed by Barbet Schroeder.

WWE SmackDown! vs. Raw

WWE SmackDown! vs. Raw is a wrestling video game that was published by THQ except in Japan where it was published by Yuke's. The video game was only released for the PlayStation 2 video game console. The video game was released on November 2, 2004 in North America, November 12, 2004 in Europe and on February 3, 2005 in Japan. It was called Exciting Pro Wrestling 6: SmackDown! vs. RAW in Japan. It is part of the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw video game series.


Peter Jennings

Peter Jennings (29 July 1938 – 7 August 2005) was a Canadian journalist, born in Toronto, Ontario. 

He was a journalist and news anchor for "World News Tonight" on ABC between 1983 and 2005. 

He died in Manhattan, New York City, in 2005 of complications from lung cancer.

Scram

A scram or SCRAM is a quick shutdown of a nuclear reactor. It is done in an emergency (a dangerous situation). A scram is performed by quickly inserting all of the control rods, or, if this fails, injecting boric acid into the reactor. A reactor that has been shut down still requires cooling due to decay heat. If the cooling system fails, the core can still melt down even if the reactor has been shut down. This has happened during several nuclear accidents, including Three Mile Island and Fukushima. The RBMK reactors used in the Soviet Union had graphite-tipped control rods, a design flaw which caused the reactivity to increase for a moment when the reactor was scrammed. This design flaw contributed to the Chernobyl disaster.


Sorrel

Sorrel ("Rumex acetosa"), also called common sorrel or garden sorrel, is a perennial herb that is cultivated as a garden herb or leaf vegetable (pot herb). Sorrel is also known by the names spinach dock and narrow-leaved dock.

Sorrel is a slender plant. It is about 60 centimetres (cm) high, and it has roots that go far into the ground. Sorrel also has juicy stems and leaves that can be eaten.

It has ed spikes of reddish-green flowers, which bloom in summer, becoming purplish. The stamens and pistils are on different plants (dioecious); the ripe seeds are brown and shining.

Common sorrel has been cultivated for centuries. The leaves may be puréed in soups and sauces or added to salads and shav; they have a flavour that is similar to kiwifruit or sour wild strawberries. The plant's sharp taste is due to oxalic acid, which is a poison. In small quantities sorrel is harmless; in large quantities it can be fatal.

Rock Springs, Wyoming

Rock Springs is an American city in the state of Wyoming. It is in Sweetwater County. The city has about 18,708 people. The current mayor of Rock Springs is Carl Demshar. On September 2, 1885, a riot between the Chinese immigrant miners and white immigrant miners killed at least 26 people and it was caused because of racial tensions and labor dispute.


Buffalo, Wyoming

Buffalo is an American city in the state of Wyoming. It is in Johnson County. The city had 4,415 people at the 2020 census. Buffalo is known for methane production from the coal bed methane extraction method that is used in the Powder River Basin.


Sendai, Miyagi

Date Masamune built the castle at Sendai in 1601. The modern-day city of Sendai developed around it.

On March 11, 2011, an earthquake and a tsunami badly damaged the city and its surroundings.

There are several ski resorts and golf clubs in Sendai. The football club Vegalta Sendai has its stadium in the city. Sendai has one university: Tohoku University.



Electron transport chain

An electron transport chain (ETC) is how a cell gets energy from sunlight in photosynthesis. Electron transport chains also occur in reduction/oxidation (""redox"") reactions, such as the oxidation of sugars in cellular respiration.

In aerobic respiration, each molecule of glucose leads to about 34 molecules of ATP (Adenosine triphosphate) being produced by the electron transport chain. This is by far the most productive part of respiration.

The electron transport chain consists of a series of redox reactions in which electrons are transferred from a donor molecule to an acceptor molecule. The underlying force driving these reactions is the free energy (energy available to do work) of the reactants and products. Any reaction that decreases the overall free energy of a system will happen.

ATP synthase is an enzyme found among all domains of life. It is powered by a transmembrane proton electrochemical gradient. This is the result of the series of redox reactions. What the electron transport chain does is produce this gradient. The free energy is used to drive ATP synthesis.

David Carradine

David Carradine (December 8, 1936 Hollywood, California, U.S. – June 3, 2009, Bangkok, Thailand), was an American actor. He was famous as the lead in a 1970s tv series "Kung Fu".

Carradine had an unstable childhood. This instability continued throughout his life. He married five times. He was frequently arrested and prosecuted for a variety of offenses which often involved substance abuse. He died on June 3, 2009, from erotic asphyxiation.

Carradine began his career participating in small roles in 1960s television show as Armstrong Circle Theatre, Wagon Train, The Virginian, Bob Hope Presents the Chrysler Theatre. 

His first starring role was in the TV western "Shane" (1965), where he played a lone cowboy going from town to town helping people who have problems with gunmen and bandits. 

He leapt to fame in 1972 playing the role of Kwai Chang Caine, in the TV series "Kung Fu". Kwai Chang Caine is a Shaolin monk fugitive who fled to America to escape the Emperor who put a price on his head, for the crime of his father.
63 episodes were filmed between (1972 - 1975). He returned to play the character in "Kung Fu: The Movie" (1986), and "Kung Fu: The Legend Continues" (1992 - 1997) (TV series). 

One of his films for television was "High Noon, Part II: The Return of Will Kane" (1980), with Lee Majors and directed by Jerry Jameson.

Carradine had appearances in many television series including: "Gunsmoke", "Night Gallery", "Ironside", "Darkroom", "Airwolf", "The Fall Guy", "North and South" (mini-series), "Matlock", "Profiler", "Acapulco H.E.A.T.", and "Family Law".

He was also the voice of Clockwork for the T.V. show Danny Phantom.

After "Kung Fu", David starred in movies "Death Race 2000" (1975), with Sylvester Stallone, "Cannonball!" (1976), Bound for Glory (1976), he plays the role of Woody Guthrie an American folk singer, "Thunder and Lightning" (1977), "The Serpent's Egg" (1977), director Ingmar Bergman, "Gray Lady Down" (1978), "Circle of Iron" (1978).

In 1980, Carradine starred in "The Long Riders", with Stacy Keach, and directed by Walter Hill. In 1983 co-starred in "Lone Wolf McQuade", with Chuck Norris.

In the mid 1980s, he acted in low-budget films, among which are "Armed Response" (1986) with Lee Van Cleef, "Crime Zone" (1989). 
He returned to play the role of Bill in Quentin Tarantino's film "" (2003), with Uma Thurman. 

Carradine starred in major motion pictures and several important awards were awarded to him.


Fortaleza Esporte Clube

Fortaleza Esporte Clube is a football club which plays in Brazil.

Jack Palance

Jack Palance (born Volodymyr Palahniuk; February 18, 1919 – November 10, 2006) was an American actor. He won an Academy Award for his role in the comedy movie "City Slickers" (1991).

Palance was born in Pennsylvania. His parents were Ukrainian immigrants.

Palance began his career by participating in supporting roles in movies like "Panic in the Streets" (1950), "Sudden Fear" (1952), "Second Chance" (1953). One of his most memorable roles was that of gunman Jack Wilson, in the classic western "Shane" (1953), with Alan Ladd.

His first important lead role was in the (1956) Robert Aldrich war movie, "Attack" as Lt. Joe Costa. In 1957, he starred in the western "The Lonely Man", with Anthony Perkins. And also star works on some classics including "Ten Seconds to Hell" (1958), by Robert Aldrich, "The Barbarians" (1960), "Barrabas" (1961), "The Professionals" (1966).

He played the role of Fidel Castro, in the movie "Che!" (1969), with Omar Sharif as Che Guevara. Another role was Capt. Quincey Whitmore, in "Chato's Land" (1972), with Charles Bronson and directed by Michael Winner.
1970 was working in Europe and participated in some spaghetti western films and some crime and gangster roles.

Palance starred in several horror movies includine "Torture Garden" (1967), and "Craze" (1974) by Freddie Francis. "The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" TV (1967), He played the role of Dracula in the TV movie "Dracula" by Dan Curtis, "Alone in the Dark" (1982). 

By late 1980s he acted in major productions such as "Young Guns" (1988), "Batman" (1989), play role of Carl Grissom, "Tango & Cash" (1989). 
Palance won an Academy Award for his role as Curly Washburn, in the comedy movie "City Slickers" (1991).

He had a long career in television. He starred in the series "The Greatest Show on Earth" (1962), as Johnny Slate, and played the role of Lt. Alex Bronkov in the crime series "Bronk" (1975-1976). He was the host of the popular show "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" (1982-1986).

As special guest star in "Playhouse 90", "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", "Convoy", "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century".

 

Vagrancy (biology)

Vagrancy is a phenomenon in biology when animals appear very far from their normal range. These animals are called vagrants. The term accidental can be used as well. There are a number of reasons for such animals to become a vagrant - such as weather conditions - but these causes are still rather confused.

Vagrancy is known to occur in birds, insects, mammals and turtles.

Kamaishi, Iwate

Kamaishi is a city in Iwate Prefecture. 32,609 people live there as of March 2020. It is a historic city because of its part in World War II where it was the first naval bombardment by the U.S. Navy. The city was completely detroyed on June 15, 1896 when a 7.2 magnitude earthquake and tsunami hit the coast of Iwate. The city was again destroyed in 2011 by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. 


Fukushima (city)

Fukushima is a city in northern Japan. It is the capital of Fukushima Prefecture. The city of Iino was merged into the city of Fukushima on 1 July 2008.

The Abukuma River flows through this city.


Burt Lancaster

Burt Lancaster (November 2, 1913 - October 20, 1994), was an American actor and producer.

Lancaster was born in New York. After working in a circus, he began his career in Hollywood with "The Killers" (1946), with Ava Gardner. Next was "Brute Force" (1947), in which he played Joe Collins, an inmate who plans to rebel against the prison authorities.

In the 1950s, he continued to have success in films such as "The Flame and the Arrow" (1950), "Jim Thorpe -- All-American" (1951), "The Crimson Pirate" (1952), "From Here to Eternity" (1953), "The Rose Tattoo" (1955), and "The Devil's Disciple" (1959).

The decade of the 1960s was one of the best for Lancaster. He starred in "Elmer Gantry" (1960), and won an Oscar for his role. In "Judgment at Nuremberg" (1961), he played Dr. Ernst Janning, a Nazi doctor on trial for crimes against humanity. In "Birdman of Alcatraz" (1962), he played Robert Franklin Stroud, a man who spent most of his life in prison.

Other major films were "Il gattopardo" (1963), "The List of Adrian Messenger" (1963), "The Swimmer" (1968), "Airport" (1970), and "Scorpio" (1973). In "The Island of Dr. Moreau" (1977), he played the evil scientist Dr. Paul Moreau who experiments with human beings.

He won two Academy Awards. One of them was for his leading role in "Elmer Gantry".

Lancaster had various jobs in European film and television. They included "Gruppo di famiglia in un interno" (1974), "Novecento" (1976), "The Cassandra Crossing" (1976), "La pelle" (1981), with Marcello Mastroianni, "Il giorno prima" (1987), "La bottega dell'orefice" (1989), and the TV mini-series "Väter und Söhne - Eine deutsche Tragödie" (1986).

Titles included Hollywood productions as "Apache" (1954), "Vera Cruz" (1954), "Gunfight at the O.K. Corral" (1957), "The Unforgiven" (1960), "The Professionals" (1966), "Lawman" (1971), and "Valdez Is Coming" (1971). 

He also had few starring roles in television including "Marco Polo" (1982) (mini-series), "Barnum" (1986), and the TV miniseries "On Wings of Eagles" (1986). In "On Wings of Eagles", he played Lieutenant Colonel Arthur E. 'Bull' Simons, a retired military officer who led the rescue of kidnapped civilians in the Middle East.

His three last jobs were in TV films "The Phantom of the Opera" (1990), "Voyage of Terror: The Achille Lauro Affair" (1990), and "Separate But Equal" (1991), with Sidney Poitier.

 

Fairly Legal

Fairly Legal was an American legal drama television series that was created by Michael Sardo. Fairly Legal debuted on January 20, 2011 on the USA Network. Filming for the show takes place in Vancouver. The story is about a woman named Kate Reed who is a former lawyer turned mediator. She works at the San Francisco law firm that her father has started and left her and the law firm to deal with his death.



CSI: Crime Scene Investigation

CSI: Crime Scene Investigation is an American crime drama television series that was created by Anthony E. Zuiker. "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation" debuted on October 6, 2000 on CBS. The series takes place in Las Vegas, Nevada. Filming for the series takes place in Universal City, California. The show has had three spin-offs: "", "", and "".

In 2016, CBS canceled the series after 15 seasons.


The Sandman (wrestler)

James Fullington (born June 16, 1963), better known by his ring name The Sandman, is a semi-retired American professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). When he was wrestling for ECW he was nicknamed a "Hardcore Icon". He also wrestled for World Wrestling Entertainment from 2005 to 2007, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling from 2002 to 2003 and again in 2010, and World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in 1998 and 1999. On July 20, 2008, Fullington was arrested for fighting at a Yonkers, New York restaurant with the employees.

Fullington has held many championships during his professional wrestling career:


Chris Candido

Christopher B. "Chris" Candito (March 21, 1972–March 28, 2005) was an American professional wrestler. He was better known by his ring name Chris Candido. He was best known for his time with World Championship Wrestling (WCW), Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), and Smoky Mountain Wrestling (SMW). He was also known for his time with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) where he competed under the ring name Skip and was part of the tag team, The Bodydonnas.

He was married to wrestling valet, Tammy Lynn Sytch who is better known by the name, Sunny.

On April 24, 2005 at Lockdown, Candido suffered a fractured tibia and fibula as well as a dislocated ankle during a steel cage match with Lance Hoyt against Apolo and Sonny Siaki. He would undergo surgery the next day and would have titanium plates and screws inserted into his leg. Candido would be at the following "Impact!" tapings and managed The Naturals when they defeated America's Most Wanted to win the NWA World Tag Team Championship. On April 28, 2005, Candido felt ill and his condition had worsened during the day. Candido collapsed during the evening and he was rushed to the Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey. He was diagnosed with pneumonia. The doctors drained his lungs, but he died shortly afterwards. His brother Johnny said that Candido had died because of a blood clot, a complication from surgery.

On the April 29 episode of "Impact!" as well as at the Hard Justice PPV event, TNA paid tribute to Candido. TNA decided to hold a tournament called the Chris Candido Memorial Tag Team Tournament in his honor in late 2005. In 2009, Candido was inducted into the Hardcore Hall of Fame.


Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant

Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant (also called Fukushima I) is a disabled nuclear power plant in the town of Ōkuma in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. Fukushima Daiichi was the first nuclear power plant to be built and run only by the Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO).

In March 2011 there were nuclear emergencies at the power plant and some other Japanese nuclear facilities, which raised questions about the future of nuclear power. Following the Fukushima nuclear disaster, the International Energy Agency halved its estimate of additional nuclear generating capacity to be built by 2035.

The nuclear reactors for units 1, 2, and 6 were supplied by General Electric, those for units 3 and 5 by Toshiba, and unit 4 by Hitachi. The architectural design for the General Electric's units was done by Ebasco. All of the building work was done by Kajima. Since September 2010, unit 3 has been fueled by MOX fuel|mixed-oxide (MOX) fuel. Units 1–5 had/have a Mark 1 type (light bulb shaped torus) containment structure, unit 6 has Mark 2 type (over/under) containment structure.

Unit 1 is a 439 MW boiling water reactor (BWR3) constructed in July 1967. It started to commercially make electricity on March 26, 1971, and was planned to shutdown in March, 2011. It was damaged during the 2011 Sendai earthquake and tsunami. The reactor had high atomic and earthquake safety levels when it was made, but it is now both old and out of date. No one knew such a bad earthquake could happen in Japan. Unit 1 was designed for a earthquake "peak ground acceleration" shaking motion of 0.18 g (1.74 m/s) and a seismic "response spectrum" based on the 1952 Kern County earthquake. All units were inspected after the 1978 Miyagi earthquake when the seismic "ground acceleration" was 0.125 g (1.22 m/s) for 30 seconds, but no damage to the critical parts of the reactor was discovered.

In March 2011, soon after the Sendai earthquake and tsunami, the Japanese government cleared people from around the plant and started local emergency laws at Fukushima I. Ryohei Shiomi of Japan's nuclear safety board was worried about the chance of a meltdown at Unit 1. The next day, the Chief Cabinet Secretary, Yukio Edano said that a partial meltdown at Unit 3 was "highly possible."

The Nuclear Engineering International group had reported that Units 1, 2 and 3 were automatically shut down. Units 4, 5 and 6 had already been shut down for maintenance. Back-up generators were damaged by the tsunami; started at first, but stopped after 1 hour later.

Japan’s government said it had and a nuclear emergency when the cooling problems happened as the back-up diesel generators broke down. The cooling is needed to remove decay heat even when a plant has been shut down, due to the long term atomic reactions. Hundreds of Japanese troops were said to be trucking generators and batteries to the site.

Japan said that they will start releasing radioactive water into the ocean starting in 2023. They said they will continue doing this in segments through the next 40 years.

After the back-up diesel generators pumps broke down, emergency batteries ran low after about eight hours. Batteries from other nuclear plants were sent to the site and mobile electric and diesel generators arrived within 13 hours, but work to connect portable generating equipment to power water pumps was still continuing. The diesel generators would normally be connected by switching gears in a basement area of the power station's buildings, but this had been flooded by the tsunami.

Data estimated by JAIF (Japan Atomic Industrial Forum).

Later, unit 4 at the nearby Fukushima II Nuclear Power Station was also shut down by the safety systems. Now, a source of off-site power is available but the damage level at the plant is bad.

Officials have thought about putting in or aerial dropping radiation killing boric acid, boronated plastic beads or boron carbide pellets into the spent fuel pools to absorb neutrons. France flew 95 tonnes of boron to Japan on 17 March 2011. Neutron are absorbed by boric acid, which has been injected into the reactor cores, but is unclear if boron was also included with the hose and fire truck water spraying of SFPs.

On 18 March, the Reuters news agency reported that Hidehiko Nishiyama, a spokesman of Japan's nuclear agency was asked about burying the reactors in a sand and concrete tomb, said: "That solution is in the back of our minds, but we are focused on cooling the reactors down."

After the Chernobyl disaster, the atomic safety workmen used 1,800 metric tonnes of sand and clay cover the plant. This created a problem because they were thermal insulators and trapped heat inside. So first a non-evaporating coolant such as a liquid metal has to be put on it. After it has all cooled off a structure such as the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant 'sarcophagus tomb'.

The nuclear emergencies at Fukushima Daiichi and other nuclear facilities raised questions about the future of nuclear power. Platts has said that "the crisis at Japan's Fukushima nuclear plants has prompted leading energy-consuming countries to review the safety of their existing reactors and cast doubt on the speed and scale of planned expansions around the world". Following the Fukushima nuclear disaster, the International Energy Agency halved its estimate of additional nuclear generating capacity to be built by 2035.



Mark Appleyard

Mark Appleyard (born November 11, 1982 in Oakville, Ontario) is a Canadian professional skateboarder. He is currently sponsored by Thunder Trucks, Globe Shoes, Glassy Eye Wear. He was the Thrasher Skater of the Year in 2003.


Pierre-Luc Gagnon

Pierre-Luc Gagnon, sometimes known as PLG for short (born May 2, 1980 in Boucherville, Montreal) is a Canadian professional skateboarder. He is currently sponsored by Osiris, Darkstar, Electric, RDS, Skullcandy, Capix, Boost Mobile and Monster Energy Drink. He has competed in five X Games where he won fifteen medals, four of them being gold.

At 32 years old, Pierre-Luc Gagnon is a successful skateboarder and well-known in his discipline. He has won eight gold medals at the X-Games competition.

Gagnon found his passion at the age of nine years old. He asked his father to buy his first skateboard. When he got it, he started to visit the local planchodrome intensively. But during the winter in Quebec, it is harder to find a place to practice this sport. With a group, they decided to rent a localation where they put some ramps. 
In 1992, his father, who is a physical education teacher, convinced the city of Boucherville to open an indoor skate park. After this, he practiced his sport each day after school for six years and gained skills.
In 1996, he tries his luck during a competition (Vans Amateur series) which accompanies a musical tour everywhere in North America. The winner of each city is allowed to go to Los Angeles for the big final. Gagnon won the whole competition and had his first contract with Vans. He started his professional career by doing demonstration with the team and competition.

But in 2000, He decided to move to California where the sport is more important and he could do it all year long. There is also more competition in California. Since he moved there, he has competed in Brazil, China and Switzerland. For him, skateboarding is not just a sport; it is a kind of art. It is a way of expressing himself, being original and unique. It is not a traditional sport where everybody executes the same tricks. A skateboarder needs to develop a unique style almost like an artist.

Pierre-Luc Gagnon said that skateboarding helps kids to use their imagination for trying new things. He fell in love with skateboarding when he started and he never stops. He started to go to the skate park each day after school at the age of nine, and now he practices it six days a week three hours by day.


Jeff Teague

Jeffrey "Jeff" Demarco Teague (born June 10, 1988 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is an American basketball player that currently plays for the Atlanta Hawks of the NBA. He went to Wake Forest University for college where he played for the Wake Forest Demon Deacons basketball team. He was drafted by the Atlanta Hawks with the 19th pick in the 2009 NBA Draft. Teague is probably best known for his known for his ability to drive to the basket and his shooting ability.


Ol' Dirty Bastard

Russell Tyrone Jones (November 15, 1968 – November 13, 2004), better known by his stage name Ol’ Dirty Bastard was an American rapper. He was best known for being one of the founding members of the rap group Wu-Tang Clan. As a solo artist, he had released two studio albums.

Jones was an African American who had 3 children. He had problems with drug addiction, meaning he could not stop taking them. He also broke the law a lot. His convictions included attempted assault and using cocaine. 

Jones died on November 13, 2004 due to an accidental drug overdose of a mixture of cocaine and prescription drug Tramadol, just two days before his 36th birthday.

Grammy Awards

Ol' Dirty Bastard released two studio albums before his death:
Ol' Dirty Bastard had 3 singles during his career:

 

Gibsons, British Columbia

Gibsons is a Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada. Gibsons is on the Sunshine Coast. The Canadian television series, "The Beachcombers", was set and shot in Gibsons. The movies "Charlie St. Cloud" and "Needful Things" were filmed in Gibsons. The town also won the Berkeley Springs International Water Tasting contest which made them the first in the world. The town was first called Gibson's Landing in 1929 but was changed to Gibsons in 1947.


Dev (singer)

Devin Star Tailes (born July 2, 1989), best known by her stage name Dev, is an American singer. Her associated acts include Far East Movement. Her song "Booty Bounce" was sampled in the Far East Movement's "Like a G6". Her most successful single was "In the Dark".

Dev was born in Tracy, California. She later moved herself to Los Angeles.

Courtenay, British Columbia

Courtenay is a Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada. Courtenay is on the east coast of Vancouver Island. The current mayor of Courtenay is Greg Phelps. Courtenay has a population of 21,940 people as of 2006. In 1946, a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit the west of Courtenay. A lot of chimney's were destroyed- there was also damage to the local post office and elementary school. It was the largest earthquake to hit Vancouver Island.


December 2010 North American blizzard

The December 2010 North American blizzard was a historic blizzard that hit the northeaster part of North America in late December 2010. The blizzard produced heavy snow and strong winds. Over of snow on parts of New York City. An area south of Elizabeth City, New Jersey had the most snow fall. It had of snow. Elizabeth City itself got of snow.

The storm that caused the snowfall started as drizzle in California. It grew into a rainstorm. As it moved northeast, it turned into a blizzard. On 26 December 2010, the blizzard reached New York City. The blizzard caused a large amount of snow and strong winds. It also caused thundersnow, where thunder and lightning happen while snow is falling. It moved away from the city on December 27th. On December 28th, the blizzard moved out over the Atlantic Ocean.

New Jersey got a large amount of snow. There was also rain in the area of Cape May. Elizabeth City got of snow. An area south of Elizabeth City had the most snow fall. It had of snow. The blizzard produced heavy snow and strong winds there. That was a historic blizzard for the area.

New York City received a large amount of snow and had high winds. About of snow fell on the city. Places east of the city, for example eastern Long Island, saw some rain from the storm. The blizzard did not affect far north of New York City. Albany got less than of snow from the blizzard.

Connecticut did have snowfall, but it was not an unusual amount for that state. Between from of snow fell in Connecticut. Hartford had only of snow. New Haven, the closest area in Connecticut to New York City, saw about of snow.

Massachusetts saw between of snow. This is not an unusual amount for the area.


Tom Zbikowski

Thomas Michael Zbikowski (born May 22, 1985 in Park Ridge, Illinois, often known as just "Zibi") is a Professional boxer and American football safety for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League. Zbikowski was drafted out of the University of Notre Dame by the Baltimore Ravens with the 86th pick in the third round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He also played for the Baltimore Ravens from 2008 to 2011.

Zbikowski is also a boxer and holds a 4-0 boxing record. Most of his boxing was during the 2011 NFL Lockout. Many Ravens fans enjoyed watching him play as they waited for the lockout to end.

Zbikowski played college football with the Notre Dame Fighting Irish.

Zbikowski made his college debut (start) as a sophomore in 2005, appearing in all 12 games and finished fourth best of the roster with 70 total tackles (37 solo, 33 assisted) with two forced fumbles. He was named Walter Camp Defensive Player of the Week on Sept. 19 following his performance at Michigan State as he had a team-high nine tackles, forced a fumble and returned it for a 75-yard TD and recorded his first career interception.

He was 2006 team captain with Brady Quinn and Travis Thomas and was selected (picked, chosen) to the second-team All-America squad by the Walter Camp Football Foundation after helping the Irish earn a bid in the Sugar Bowl. Zbikowski was also named a third-team All-American by the Associated Press and was a semi-finalist for the Jim Thorpe Award, presented annually ("annually" meaning once a year) to the nation's best defensive back. Zibikowski finished with 79 tackles, recovered a fumble for a touchdown against Penn State, and recorded his third career punt return for a touchdown with 52-yarder against North Carolina. Zbikowski accounted for four TDs (two interception returns and two punt returns) in 12 games played in 2006. He finished fourth on the team with 71 total tackles and led the defense with five interceptions while leading the Irish to the Fiesta Bowl. Following the seasons, Zbikowski earned Third-Team Associated Press All-America honors.

Zbikowski returned to Notre Dame for his fifth year in 2007 with a career high 80 total tackles with a pair of interceptions and fumble recoveries. He continued to shine as a return man, racking up 234 return yards on punts. Graduated in May with degrees in sociology and computer applications.

Zbikowski was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the 3rd Round of the 2008 NFL Draft.

Zbikowski played as a returner and defensive back during four fairly solid years with Baltimore. He also intercepted two passes in 2009 while filling in for Ed Reed.

Zbikowski signed with the Indianapolis Colts on March 16, 2012.



James Hardy (American football)

James W. Hardy, III (December 24, 1985 – June 7, 2017) was an American football wide receiver for the Baltimore Ravens. Hardy also played for the Buffalo Bills from 2008 to 2010. Hardy was drafted out of Indiana University by the Buffalo Bills with the 41st pick in the second round of the 2008 NFL Draft.

On June 7, 2017, a body was found in the Maumee River in Fort Wayne, Indiana. The next day, the Allen County Coroner determined the body to be that of Hardy. The cause of his death has yet to be determined. He was 31 years old.


Ed Dickson

Edward James Dickson (born July 25, 1987 in Inglewood, California) is an American former football tight end. He played for the Baltimore Ravens, Carolina Panthers, and the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). Dickson was drafted out of the University of Oregon by the Baltimore Ravens with the 70th pick in the third round of the 2010 NFL Draft.


Saving Private Ryan

Saving Private Ryan is a 1998 American war movie directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Robert Rodat. Set during the Invasion of Normandy in World War II, the movie is known for its graphic portrayal of war and for the intensity of its second scene of 24 minutes, a depiction of the Omaha Beach assault during the Normandy landings. The movie follows United States Army Rangers Captain John H. Miller (Tom Hanks) and his squad (Tom Sizemore, Edward Burns, Barry Pepper, Giovanni Ribisi, Vin Diesel, Adam Goldberg, and Jeremy Davies) as they search for a paratrooper, Private First Class James Francis Ryan (Matt Damon), the last surviving brother of a family of four, with his three other brothers having been killed in action.

In 1996, producer Mark Gordon pitched Rodat's idea, which was inspired by the Niland brothers, to Paramount, which eventually began development on the project. Spielberg, who at the time was forming DreamWorks, came on board to direct the project, and Hanks joined the cast. After the cast went through training supervised by Marine veteran Dale Dye, the movie's photography started in June 1997 and lasted two months. The movie's D-Day scenes were shot in Ballinesker Beach, Curracloe Strand, Ballinesker, just east of Curracloe, County Wexford, Ireland and used members of the Irish Army as infantry for the D-Day landing.

Released on July 24, 1998, "Saving Private Ryan" received acclaim from critics and audiences for its performances (particularly from Hanks), realism, cinematography, score, screenplay, and Spielberg's direction, and was placed on many movie critics' 1998 top ten lists. It was also a box office success, becoming the highest-grossing movie of 1998 in the United States with $216.8 million domestically and the second-highest-grossing movie of 1998 worldwide with $481.8 million worldwide. Additionally, it grossed $44 million from its release on home video in May 1999. The movie won several accolades, including Best Picture and Best Director at the Golden Globes, Producers Guild of America, Directors Guild of America, and Critics' Choice Awards. The movie was nominated for eleven Academy Awards at the 71st Academy Awards, where it won five: Best Director (Spielberg's second), Best Film Editing, Best Cinematography, Best Sound, and Best Sound Effects Editing, though it lost the Academy Award for Best Picture to "Shakespeare in Love" in a controversial Oscars upset.

Since its release, "Saving Private Ryan" has been considered one of the greatest war movies of all time and has been lauded as influential on the war movie genre. It is credited for renewing interest in World War II media. In 2007, the American Film Institute ranked "Saving Private Ryan" as the 71st-greatest American movie in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) and in 2014, the film was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.

Brendon Ayanbadejo

Oladele Brendon Ayanbadejo (born September 6, 1976 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American football Linebacker and Special teamer for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). He has played for 8 NFL teams as well as 3 CFL teams. He played college football at UCLA. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.


Brandon Jones (wide receiver)

Brandon Cornell Jones (born October 6, 1982) is an American former professional football wide receiver. He played parts of 5 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Tennessee Titans, San Francisco 49ers, and Seattle Seahawks. He was drafted out of the University of Oklahoma by the Tennessee Titans with the 96th pick in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft. He also played for the Tennessee Titans from 2005 to 2008, San Francisco 49ers in 2009 and the Seattle Seahawks in 2010. He was also drafted by the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball but he didn't sign a contract with them.

In 2011, the Baltimore Ravens signed Jones. Jones caught the game-winning touchdown from Tyrod Taylor in a preseason game against the Washington Redskins, but was released by the Ravens.


Andre Ramsey

Andre Alexander Ramsey (born July 24, 1987 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire) is an American football Offensive tackle that is currently a free agent. He last played for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). Ramsey played college football at Ball State University. He also played for the Buffalo Bills in 2009.


Punter

A punter (P) is a position in American and Canadian football. Punters are members of the special teams. Punts punt the ball away to the opposite team during a fourth (American) or Third (Canadian) down. The punter will sometimes do a fake punt and run or throw the ball. They can also fill in for a placekicker. 

Matt Stover

John Matthew "Matt" Stover (born January 27, 1968) is a former American Football placekicker. He played college football for Louisiana Tech. As of the start of the 2009 NFL season, he was the third most accurate kicker in the history of the National Football League. He is of Greek origin and is Christian. He has spent time with the New York Giants, the Cleveland Browns, and the Baltimore Ravens, where he played for 13 seasons. He was signed by the Indianapolis Colts in October 2009 to replace injured kicker Adam Vinatieri. His signature celebration had his thumbs and pointer fingers pointed outward with his arms halfway or all the way in the air.

Stover attended Lake Highlands High School in Dallas, Texas (Class of 1986), the alma mater of fellow NFL placekicker Phil Dawson (Cleveland Browns). Stover won All-District honors as both a wide receiver and kicker. During the 1985-86 LHHS season he kicked a 53-yard field goal.

Stover attended Louisiana Tech University. He graduated with a degree in marketing. During his college career, Stover made 64 of 88 field goal attempts. As a sophomore, facing Texas A&M, he kicked a 57-yard field goal, then a school record. He also punted as a senior, punting 36 times for 1,277 yards (34.1 yards per punt avg). He left Louisiana Tech with 262 career total points and seven field goals of 50 yards or more. Stover would sometimes kick the ball through the goal posts on the first kick-off of the game.

Stover was drafted by the New York Giants with the 329th selection (12th round) in the 1990 NFL Draft. He was on the injured reserve list the entire season as the Giants won Super Bowl XXV.

Stover signed with the Cleveland Browns in 1991 and spent five seasons as a Brown.

In 1996 the Browns moved to Baltimore to become the Baltimore Ravens. Stover spent the majority of his career as a Raven. In 2000, the Ravens failed to score an offensive touchdown in five straight games, in which Stover, who was selected as a Pro Bowler, scored all the team's points. Stover received a Super Bowl ring that year when the Ravens defeated his former team, the New York Giants in Super Bowl XXXV.

Stover kept kicking for the Ravens, setting records and kicking 18 late game-winning field goals. 

In 2003, an overtime field goal of just over 40 yards from Stover beat the Seattle Seahawks in a 44-41 shootout. In 2007, a 43-yard kick from Stover beat the Arizona Cardinals in overtime. 

In 2008, Stover booted a 43-yard field goal to win against the Tennessee Titans in the AFC Divisional Round. That was Stover's last field goal as a Raven. The Ravens decided not to re-sign Stover following the 2008 season.

On Nov 20, 2011, Stover was inducted into the Ravens Ring of Honor, during a half-time ceremony at M&T Bank Stadium against the Cincinnati Bengals 

As a free agent Stover signed with the Indianapolis Colts during the 2009 NFL season to replace the injured Adam Vinatieri. In Indianapolis, Stover played in two wins against the Ravens, and helped the Colts to an appearance in Super Bowl XLIV, at age 42, an NFL record. He missed an important 52-yard kick in the game against the New Orleans Saints and was not re-signed.

Stover announced his retirement from football on May 25, 2011 with the Baltimore Ravens. At the time of his retirement, he was the last remaining member of the original Cleveland Browns still active in the NFL, and was also the last Raven to have played for the franchise before the move. He retired as the NFL's fourth all-time leading scorer.




Joseph Gordon-Levitt

Joseph Leonard Gordon-Levitt (born February 17, 1981) is an American actor and filmmaker.


First person

First person may refer to:


Danny Glover

Danny Lebern Glover (born July 22, 1946) is an American actor, director and activist. He was born in San Francisco, California. Glover made his big screen debut in the 1979 movie Escape from Alcatraz. Glover won an MTV Movie Award in 1993 for Best On-Screen Duo in the movie Lethal Weapon 3 which he shared with Mel Gibson.

Christian art

Christian art is an art form related to Christianity. There are a lot different definitions of it. Christian art is mainly defined by pieces that try to show or express the ideas of Christianity. Most Christian denominations or groups either use or have used art to some extent. Other groups, however, have do not like the idea of religious images, and there have been major periods of iconoclasm within Christianity. Images of Jesus and events from the Life of Christ are the most common subjects, and scenes from the Old Testament play a part in the art of most Christian groups. Images of the Virgin Mary and saints are less common in Protestant art than in Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox art.


Tony Danza

Tony Danza (born Anthony Salvatore Iadanza; April 21, 1951 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American actor, producer and boxer. His mother was an immigrant from Sicily; his father was a sanitation worker. Danza made his big screen debut in the 1981 movie "Going Ape!". Danza was also the host of the ESPY Awards in 1996 and Miss America in 2002.


Saitama

The word has several uses:





Samantha Eggar

Samantha Eggar (born 5 March 1939) is a British actress.

Eggar was born in London. Her father was a British Army officer. Her mother hadPortuguese and Dutch acestors. 

Eggar has theater training, in companies doing works of Shakespeare. She began making movie appearances. The Wild and the Willing (1962), Doctor in Distress (1963), Dr. Crippen (1964). 
Being very young Samantha Eggar became famous for playing the role of Miranda Grey in The Collector (1965), Miranda is a student who is kidnapped by a maniac Freddie Clegg, played by Terence Stamp. Her outstanding performance won Best Actress at the Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for an Oscar.

She continued her work in major films such as Walk Don't Run (1966), with Cary Grant, Doctor Dolittle (1967), The Molly Maguires (1970), with Sean Connery, The Light at the Edge of the World (1971), with Kirk Douglas and Yul Brynner, Il grande attacco (1978).

She has had several roles in horror films as A Name for Evil (1973), he plays the role of a young woman who with her husband, moving into a possessed house belonging to his grandfather, The Uncanny (1977), with Ray Milland and Peter Cushing, The Brood (1979) by David Cronenberg, one of the most horror films of the story, she plays the role of Nola Carveth, a woman who suffers horrific mutations.

In 1980s she work in Demonoid: Messenger of Death (1981), with Stuart Whitman, and Curtains (1983).

Her television credits include the TV series, Anna and the King (1972), with Yul Brynner, Double Indemnity (1973 film), with Richard Crenna, All the Kind Strangers (1974 film), with Stacy Keach, For the Term of His Natural Life (1983 film), with Anthony Perkins, Commander in Chief (2005-2006).

As a special guest star in The Saint, Lucas Tanner, Baretta, Columbo, Starsky and Hutch, Hawai 5-0, Falcon Crest, Hart to Hart, Magnum, P.I., and many more.



John McDouall Stuart

John McDouall Stuart (7 September 18155 June 1866) is regarded as one of Australia's greatest explorers. He went on seven major exploring trips into the centre and north of Australia. He was leader of six of these expeditions. He spent more time out in the Australian bush exploring the land than any other explorer. On each trip, he was able to go further north and found water sources that helped him with his final long journey. In 1862, he crossed Australia from Adelaide, South Australia, to Van Diemen Gulf in the Northern Territory. He was the first European to cross the continent from north to south and then return again.

Exploring Australia caused Stuart to become very sick from diseases such as scurvy and beriberi. He pushed himself to the very limits of human endurance. Each trip left him weaker and at the end of his last trip he was unable to walk or ride and had to be carried back. Stuart's discoveries opened up the country for the growth of farming sheep and cattle. His route was used to build the Australian Overland Telegraph Line from Adelaide to Darwin which joined an undersea line from Java. This meant that for the first time, Australians could communicate quickly with the rest of the world. But his personal rewards were small. He was given some land by the government and a small salary from his employers. Stuart died poor in England at the age of 50.

Stuart was born on 7 September 1815, at Dysart, Fife, Scotland. His father, William Stuart, had been a captain in the British Army. His mother was Mary McDouall. They had nine children, John McDouall was the sixth. His parents died when he was ten years old. The children were separated and sent to live with different relatives. Stuart was educated at the Scottish Naval and Military Academy in Edinburgh. He studied to be an engineer and surveyor.

In 1839, Stuart moved to Adelaide, South Australia, and began work as a surveyor. Adelaide had only been settled for two years and was mainly still a tent city. The government needed to have maps so that land could be sold or leased. Stuart worked for three years on the edges of the settled areas, measuring the land and dividing it into farm blocks. He learned skills to live and travel in the Australian bush. He was known as a heavy drinker, often spending days at a time drunk. When a recession hit the South Australian economy, Stuart found himself without a job.

Stuart joined Charles Sturt's Central Australian Expedition to search for an inland sea in August 1844. Sturt was so sure that there was an inland sea in the centre of Australia, that he took a large boat as part of his equipment. Stuart joined the group as a draftsman, who would draw up the maps. He was paid one pound a week, and provided with food. Stuart and James Poole, the second in command, were sent out ahead of the main group to find water. The main group could only travel as fast as their flock of sheep could walk. Stuart and Poole found water at Depot Glen, near the current site of Milparinka.

In the hot dry climate of summer, the group remained trapped at the waterhole for seven months. Stuart took a small group to find water to the north, west, and east, but found none. Stuart was left behind in charge of the main group at Depot Glen. It was very hot so they dug an underground room to keep cool. All the men became sick from scurvy because of the lack of fresh fruit and vegetables. This caused their gums to become soft and their teeth to fall out. They had headaches, their noses bled, and their skin began to turn black. When Poole died, Stuart was made second in command. He also became the surveyor and did all the mapping as Sturt could not see properly. When it finally rained the group tried to keep going north but were blocked by the sand dunes of the Simpson Desert. They turned south and went back to the Darling River. Stuart took over as leader when Sturt became blind and too ill to lead the group. They arrived back in Adelaide after six weeks hard travelling. Sturt had to be carried in a cart, and Stuart, crippled with scurvy and beriberi, looked like a skeleton.

It took Stuart nearly a year to recover from the expedition. He wrote in a letter: "I lost the power of my limbs for ... six months, and was quite unable to do anything for myself for ... twelve months." For the next few years he was unable to work. The money he had made was spent on doctors and living expenses. In 1849 he moved to near Port Lincoln on the Eyre Peninsula and worked on a farm. He soon found work surveying in the area, and met William Finke and James Chambers. Finke and Chambers were rich men and they paid Stuart to explore for them. They wanted him to find them new farm lands and water, as well as minerals like gold and copper.

Stuart learned from his trip with Sturt that large groups were not able to move quickly through the dry Australian lands. He believed that a small group would have more success. Finke paid him to find out if the land north of Lake Torrens would be suitable for sheep. On this first trip he went with two men, Forster and an unnamed Aboriginal youth. They took six horses, enough food for six weeks, a watch and a compass. In May 1858 they went through settled areas until they reached Oratunga Station, one of the most remote farms in South Australia. It is near the present day town of Blinman, in the north of the Flinders Ranges. From here they went northwest and found a permanent water hole, Andamooka Waterhole, on a creek Stuart named Chambers Creek. It has since been renamed Stuart Creek. The country was very dry, and they could only find water in Aboriginal wells. The stony ground hurt the horses feet. At the end of July they reached the site of the present day town of Coober Pedy. Their horses were in poor condition and they were running out of food. Stuart decided to change direction to the south west and try and reach the coast near Fowlers Bay. The Aboriginal youth would not go any further and went back. He was scared of other Aborigines in the area they were going into. Stuart said the land was "...dreary, dismal, dreadful desert." Stuart and Forster reached the coast at Denial Bay in August 1858, and were back in settled farm lands by 11 September. They had completed a journey of in four months. He gave his diary and maps to the South Australian government. As a reward, Stuart was given the lease to 1,000 square miles of land at Chambers Creek.

The official South Australian government explorer Benjamin Herschel Babbage followed Stuart's maps and went to Chambers Creek. He reported that the map showed the creek was marked too far to the north. Stuart went back to Chambers Creek to survey the area again. This expedition was paid for by James Chambers and William Finke who realized the value of reliable water supplies on the other side of the salt lakes. Stuart left Oratunga Station on 2 April 1859, with a small group, three men and 14 horses. The men he took with him included a Bavarian naturalist and artist, David Herrgott, and Louis Müller, a stockman and botanist. Both Herrgott and Müller had been gold miners in Victoria, and would know how to look for gold in the country around Chambers Creek. They did not carry much equipment, only a blanket to sleep with, but no tents. The only food they took was flour, dried beef (jerky), tea, sugar and tobacco. He took more equipment than just his watch and compass on this trip; a sextant, a copy of the Astronomical Almanac and a telescope.

Stuart went a different way to Chambers Creek, going through a gap in between the salt lakes that had been explored by Major Peter Warburton earlier in the year. Herrgott found a group of 12 artesian springs, which Stuart named after him. This name later became the settlement of Herggott Springs. The name was changed again during World War One because of strong anti-German feelings in Australia. The town is now called Marree after the Aboriginal word for possum. These springs were mound springs; over thousands of years the salt in the water had formed small hills, and the water came out of them like water out of a volcano. Some of the mounds were over high. They were valuable because they provided reliable water for people and animals moving north to Chambers Creek.

After surveying Chambers Creek again, Stuart explored the area to the north west of Chambers Creek. They found more mound springs which Stuart named Elizabeth Springs after one of Chamber's daughters. They continued north west and searched for gold in the Davenport Range. They found more springs which they named the Spring of Hope. They were able to continue and found more springs, which Stuart named Freeling Springs, after Major Freeling, a South Australian politician. By the time they had passed the current site of Oodnadatta, both the men and the horses were suffering from the lack of water and proper food. The horses' shoes had worn out in the rocks around the Davenport Range. On 12 June 1859, Stuart turned around and went back. They rode south back to Port Augusta and then took a boat back to Adelaide.

The South Australian government offered a prize of £2,000 to the first person to cross Australia from the south to the north. They hoped this would be a route for the Australian Overland Telegraph Line that would connect Australia to the line that came from Europe. Stuart and Chambers plans for the trip were not accepted by the government. The government sent Alexander Tolmer to lead the trip. His expedition did not make it out of the settled areas. In August 1859, one month after his last trip, Stuart went back to do more surveying for Chambers at Chambers Creek. With William Darton Kekwick and two other men, they took 12 horses and explored the west side of Lake Eyre. Chambers and Stuart believed that the lake might hold water. Instead Stuart found mud after he walked several kilometres into the dry salt lake. He found another artesian mound spring, more than in height, which he named William Springs, after one of Chamber's sons. He then set off for the Spring of Hope. He saw grasslands and eventually made a base at Freeling Springs. He explored much of the surrounding area hoping to find gold. On 6 January 1860, with his food supplies getting low, and two of the men refusing to go any further, Stuart once again returned home.

There was a lot of support for an expedition to cross Australia. In Melbourne, the biggest exploring expedition in Australian history, the Victorian Exploring Expedition, was being organized for the crossing. This became known as the Burke and Wills expedition, named after its two leaders, Robert O'Hara Burke and William John Wills. Stuart knew that he would be able to travel further and faster by only going with a small group. In March 1860, with Kekwick, Benjamin Head and 13 horses, Stuart left Chambers Creek and headed north. They were the first Europeans to enter central Australia. They reached the Finke River, the MacDonnell Ranges, and the strange rock formation Stuart called Chambers Pillar. On 23 April, Stuart worked out that they were at the very centre of Australia. He named a small hill near the spot Mount Sturt, after Charles Sturt. Stuart and Kekwick climbed the hill and raised the British flag. Stuart wrote that the flag would be a sign to the Aborigines "...that the dawn of liberty, civilization, and Christianity is about to break upon them." The name was later changed to Central Mount Stuart. From here Stuart tried to go northwest to reach the Victoria River. This took them into the Tanami Desert, but they could not find water and were forced to go back.

They continued to travel north, beyond the site of the town of Tennant Creek. On 26 June they reached a creek, now called Attack Creek, about north of Adelaide. A large group of Aborigines from a group called the Warramunga, attacked the explorers. The Warrumunga threw boomerangs at the explorers, and then set fire to the grass. Stuart and his men fired their guns at the Warrumunga, but Stuart does not say in his diary if any were killed or injured. The men quickly left the creek and went south.

Stuart decided they could not get any further north because they were running out of food, water was scarce and the horses were in poor condition. He wrote "...I think it would be madness and folly to attempt more." The return journey was very difficult. Stuart could only ride for a few hours a day; on one day he just dug a hole in the sand and curled up in it. Head was so hungry he stole food, which left them with even less. Their clothes were only torn rags and their bodies were covered in bruises caused by scurvy. Stuart wrote in his diary that "My men have now lost all their former energy...and move about as if they were a hundred years old. It is sad to see them..." Stuart wrote in his diary that sores on his hands had made them to painful to be used and he could only just sit in the saddle. He gums had become so sore and his teeth so loose that he could only eat flour boiled in water. He wrote on 16 May that "...I almost wished that death would come and relieve me from my fearful torture..." The medicines he had with him did not help.

The explorers made their way back to Adelaide as Burke and Wills were starting their journey north from Melbourne. Stuart was treated as a hero when he arrived in Adelaide. In 1859 the Royal Geographical Society in London presented him with gold watch. This was given to the explorer Count Paul Strzelecki to take back to Australia.

The cost of Stuart's exploring had been paid for by Chambers. Because of this, Stuart would not make his journals and maps available to the public. This led to claims that Stuart had not really travelled that far north and that he was lying about his discoveries. In Victoria it was even said that Stuart had not really gone north, but had been hiding in a cellar in Adelaide.

The public and the newspapers began to talk about a race across the continent of Australia. Could Stuart, experienced and used to moving quickly, beat the better equipped, but very slow moving Burke and Wills expedition. After their failures with Babbage and Tolmer's expeditions, the South Australian government now believed that Stuart would succeed if he had enough support. They gave £2,500 to set up another expedition and provided ten armed men to protect Stuart from any more attacks by the Aborigines. Chambers agreed to supply more horses and to pay Stuart and Kekwick's wages. In Victoria, a policeman was sent off to tell Burke to get going to the Gulf of Carpentaria as fast as possible, but Burke had already heard about Stuart's planned trip. Burke divided his group in two, and leaving most of his supplies behind at Menindee on the Darling River, he headed north to Cooper Creek.

On 1 January 1861, Stuart with a group of 12 men and 49 horses set off from Chambers Creek. The hot weather made it hard to find water and many waterholes from his earlier trips were dry. In February Stuart sent back two men with five horses. They reached the northern border of South Australia at about the same time that Burke and Wills reached the Gulf of Carpentaria. He was able to travel 240 km north of Attack Creek, where he found a large waterhole he called Glandfield Lagoon, after the mayor of Adelaide. Chambers later changed the name on Stuart's maps to Newcastle Waters, after the Duke of Newcastle, a British politician. From here Stuart again looked for a way to go north west to the Victoria River, but he was unable to find water. With the food running out, the men becoming sick, and horses in poor condition, Stuart again decided to return to Adelaide. Burke and Wills had not returned to Cooper Creek and were missing.

Stuart was presented with the Royal Geographical Society's Patron's Medal for 1861.

Stuart set out on his third attempt to cross Australia on 25 October 1861. This expedition was called the Great Northern Exploring Expedition. The group was: John McDouall Stuart, William Darton Kekwick, Francis William Thring, William Patrick Auld, Stephen King Jnr., John William Billiatt, James Frew Jnr., Heath Nash, John Woodforde, John McGorrery and Frederick George Waterhouse.

McGorrey was a blacksmith who would be able to fix the shoes on the group's 78 horses. Waterhouse was a naturalist who would be able to keep a scientific notes of their discoveries. Stuart was injured when a horse stood on his right hand, and remained behind for a month to recover. He learned about the deaths of Burke and Wills at Cooper Creek.

The group left Chambers Creek on 8 January 1862 moving fast, covering between 30 and 50 kilometres a day. The fast pace meant that in the first three weeks eight horses died and Woodforde left and went back. Stuart left some of the supplies behind and cut the amount each man was allowed to eat. At Mount Hay in central Australia, they were again attacked by Aboriginal warriors, but they were no match for the group's guns and several may have been killed.

They reached Newcastle Waters in three months, and then took a week to rest. Stuart spent the next five weeks searching for water. He finally found a series of waterholes, creeks and rivers which meant the whole group were able to continue to the north. He gave up trying to reach the Victoria River. When they got to the Roper River, which had been explored by Ludwig Leichhardt in 1845, he knew he could easily go west to the Gulf of Carpentaria, but instead chose to continue north. Auld later said that "...the mosquitos and flies were terrible. Our hands, feet and necks were blistered with their bites." They crossed Arnhem Land, and made the way along the edge of what is now Kakadu National Park. He followed the Adelaide River, but when the ground became too soft and muddy, they went further north to the Mary River and eventually reached the sea.

They arrived at Van Diemen's Gulf on 24 July 1862. On a tall tree branch they raised a Union Jack flag with Stuart's name embroided on it which had been made by Chamber's daughter, Elizabeth. Wood from the tree, which has since been destroyed, is in the collection of the Royal Geographical Society of South Australia's collection. The group then had to travel back to Adelaide. Food was becoming scarce, and the hot weather meant there was little water. Many horses died, and Stuart was again forced to leave behind equipment. Waterhouse had to leave all his carefully collected plants and animals. The men were very hungry and even shot and ate dingos. Stuart was in poor health and became blind. He was unable to speak for several days and the men thought he was going to die. He was unable to ride his horse, and they made a bed with long poles and blankets that could be carried between two horses. Stuart was carried by this method. after crossing the MacDonnell Ranges, they discovered that rain had fallen and there was lots of grass. On reaching the settled areas, Stuart learned that his friend and partner, James Chambers had died. He left Kekwick in charge of the group, and went ahead with Auld. They got on the train at Kapunda and arrived in Adelaide on 17 December 1862.

Stuart and his group were given a special welcome in Adelaide on 16 January 1863. They dressed in their old clothes and rode into the city as heroes. This was also the day that Burke and Wills were buried in Melbourne after the failure of their expedition.

Stuart was in poor health, almost blind, and had a crippled right hand after the sixth trip. With Chambers dead, he no longer had a job. The government tried not to pay him the £2,000 reward, saying that they had paid for the cost of the expedition. After public pressure, they gave in, but invested the money and only gave Stuart a small amount each year. He was drinking a lot of alcohol and none of his friends would give him any help. The government then wanted £500 for the lease of the land they had given him at Chambers Creek. Stuart sold it to James Chambers' brother, John Chambers, for only £200, losing money on the deal.

He decided to return to Great Britain in April 1864. He lived with his sister Mary in Glasgow, Scotland. The Royal Geographical Society asked the South Australian government for a pension for Stuart, but they said he had been rewarded enough with grants of land. During the debate over the pension it was said that it was not the exploring that had ruined his health, but his drinking habits. He suffered from dementia, and it is possible he also had tuberculosis. He died in London on 5 June 1866 from a stroke and was buried in the Kensal Green Cemetery. Only seven people went to the funeral, four relatives, two members of the Royal Geographical Society, and Alexander Hay, a South Australian farmer who was in London at the time. The grave was damaged in World War II, but was repaired in 2011 by the Stuart Society and the Royal Geographical Society of South Australia.

The Australian Overland Telegraph Line was built along the route taken by Stuart. Using his notes they were easily able to find water supplies and trees to make the poles. The accuracy of his maps made building the line much easier. His journey is remembered in the Stuart Highway, one of Australia's major roads which joins Port Augusta to Darwin. It follows much of the same route discovered by Stuart. In June 1904, a statue of Stuart was put up in Adelaide. The Royal Geographical Society of South Australia has a wooden chair and table made by Stuart in 1854.

Benjamin Head later said about Stuart "...that he was a born leader of men: the sharpest little fellow you would find in a year's march."

Stuart and A.C. Gregory were arguably Australia’s greatest inland explorers. The latter was certainly financed and equipped much better than Stuart who had to rely on Chambers and Finke’s support rather than the State Government. It may very well have been possible for Stuart to reach the north coast earlier if he had the Government support that Gregory, Babbage and Tolmer were granted. That said, he didn’t and was totally driven to reach the north coast despite illness and afflictions that arguably he had since arriving in South Australia and were to see him die at such an early age in England in 1866. The key attributes that made Stuart one, if not the best inland explorer, include: 

- He had exceptional dead reckoning and navigational skills that enabled him to understand exactly where he was. 

- He spent more time in the field and explored more land than any other explorer without the loss of a man. 

-He learnt from every trip how far to push the physical limits and when to turn back.

- He understood and cared for his horses and knew their limits and ability to move quickly through land and how far each type could survive without water. - He was courageous, a great leader and his concern and respect for his fellow expedition members was reciprocated.


Clayton Moore

Clayton Moore (September 14, 1914 – December 28, 1999) was an American actor.

His real name was Jack Carlton Moore. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He began his career as a child, as an acrobat in the circus. In 1938 he went to Hollywood and acted in minor roles in Class B Western movies. In 1947 he was in the movie "Jesse James Rides Again". He played Jesse James. He also played James in "Adventures of Frank and Jesse James" (1948). He starred in "The Ghost of Zorro" (1949). The other B-movies he starred in were "Cyclone Fury" 1951; "Montana Territory", 1952, as Commissioner George Ives; and "Gunfighters of the Northwest", 1954. 

In 1949 he was chosen by ABC Television to play The Lone Ranger. In the series of the same name. His co-star was the actor Jay Silverheels. It was the biggest success of ABC in the postwar period. From 1949 to 1956, 169 episodes were made of The Lone Ranger. His silver bullets, white hat and black mask were icons of the western U.S. In 1979, the company owning the rights to The Lone Ranger forced him to no longer use the character. Judge Vernon Foster said Moore could no longer use his black mask, or advertise as The Lone Ranger. Moore obeyed the judge's decision. In 1987 a star was placed on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles.

He died on December 28, 1999 from a heart attack in his Los Angeles, California home, aged 85.


Courtney Thorne-Smith

Courtney Thorne-Smith (born 8 November 1967) is an American actress. She is best known for her television work. Her television roles include Alison Parker on "Melrose Place", Georgia Thomas on the sitcom "Ally McBeal" and Lyndsey McElroy on "Two and a Half Men". She has acted in many movies and other television programs. Thorne-Smith was born in San Francisco, California.

Stan Laurel

Stan Laurel (16 June 1890 – 23 February 1965), was an English comic actor, writer, and director.

Laurel was born in Lancashire, England. He began his career in the late 1910s, to work with Charles Chaplin. Among his first works in this silent comedy short, "Nuts in May" (1917), "Phoney Photos" (1918), "Just Rambling Along" (1918) and "Do You Love Your Wife?" (1919), by Hal Roach, "Mud and Sand" (1922), "When Knights Were Cold" (1923), "Smithy" (1924), "Postage Due" (1924), "Monsieur Don't Care" (1924), and many more.

In 1918 he starred with Oliver Hardy, in the short silent movie "The Lucky Dog". That was the beginning of the famous duo, together again years later to form Laurel and Hardy. His first Hal Roach short with Hardy was "Duck Soup" (1927), followed by "Slipping Wives" (1927), "Love 'Em and Weep" (1927), "Why Girls Love Sailors" (1927), "The Second 100 Years" (1927), "Call of the Cuckoo" (1927), "The Battle of the Century" (1927). Short were a great success and catapulted the duo to stardom. They continued in short movies until 1931, his first feature film "Pardon Us", by James Parrott. His biggest movies were "The Devil's Brother" (1933), "Sons of the Desert" (1934), "Way Out West" (1937), "The Flying Deuces" (1939).

His last film was "Utopia" (1951).

Stan Laurel also did some work in television as NBC live program "This is your Life", together with Oliver Hardy. He also made ​​appearances on the BBC, "Grand Order of Water Rats" (1955), where they performed a show reliving the old days of Laurel and Hardy.


Page-turner

A page-turner is a person whose job is to turn sheet music pages for a solo musician, often a pianist, usually during a performance.

While some music is arranged so that the pages end at places where the musician can spare one hand to turn them, this is not always possible. A page-turner is often needed by musicians who are playing difficult pieces and prefer not to play from memory. A page-turner needs to be able to understand the musician's signals and follow the music to know when to turn the page. Page-turners are sometimes friends of the performer or members of the accompanying orchestra helping the musician. Professional page-turners are usually freelance casual workers.

Mechanical page-turners are also available, sometimes controlled by the musician via a foot pedal. Charles Halle is said to have invented the automatic page-turner.

Jim Thorpe

James Francis Thorpe (May 28, 1888 – March 28, 1953) was an American athlete in track, football, and baseball. Thorpe was part Native American and was from Oklahoma. He played football, track, and six other sports at Carlisle Indian School in Pennsylvania. While at Carlisle, Thorpe's team was one of the best in the country, and beat an Army team that had Dwight Eisenhower. Thorpe won gold medals in the pentathlon (five track and field events in one day) and decathlon (ten events in two days) at the 1912 Summer Olympics. After the decathlon, the King of Sweden called him the greatest athlete alive. His medals were taken away because he had played professional baseball, but were returned in 1982, long after his death. 

After the Olympics, Thorpe played professional baseball and football. He played for football teams including the Canton Bulldogs, Rock Island Independents, Chicago Cardinals and New York Giants. He was commissioner of the NFL for one year. Thorpe is in the NFL Hall of Fame. He also played for baseball teams including the New York Giants, Cincinnati Reds, and Boston Braves For several years, Thorpe toured with football, baseball and basketball teams that only had Native American players. Late in life, Thorpe had problems with alcoholism. Thorpe died in 1953. He was buried in Mauch Chunk, Pennsylvania, which changed its name to Jim Thorpe, Pennsylvania.

Crocodylomorph

The Crocodylomorphs are an important group of archosaurs. It includes the crocodilians and their extinct relatives. They were the only members of Pseudosuchia to survive the end-Triassic extinction.

During Mesozoic and early Tertiary times the Crocodylomorphs were much more diverse than they are now. 

They were originally small, lightly built, active land animals. These were replaced during the early Jurassic by various aquatic and marine forms. The later Jurassic, Cretaceous, and Tertiary saw a wide diversity of terrestrial and semi-aquatic lines. 

Modern crocodilians do not appear until the Upper Cretaceous.

The crocodylian lineage (clade Crurotarsi) were a very diverse group of reptiles. Not only are they an ancient group of animals, at least as old as the dinosaurs, they also evolved into a great variety of forms. 

The earliest forms, the sphenosuchians, evolved during the Upper Triassic. They were slim land animals built like greyhounds. During the Jurassic and the Cretaceous, marine forms evolved forelimbs that were paddle-like and had a tail similar to modern fish. 

The group had a wider range of habitats and behaviours than it does at present. "Dakosaurus andiniensis", a species closely related to "Metriorhynchus", had a skull adapted for eating large marine reptiles. Several terrestrial species during the Cretaceous evolved herbivory. A number of lines during the Tertiary and Pleistocene became wholly land predators.


Lepidosauromorph

The Lepidosauromorphs are a large group of reptiles. It includes all diapsids closer to lizards than to archosaurs. 

The only living sub-group is the Lepidosauria: lizards, snakes, and the tuatara. 

The most important fossil group, the Sauropterygia, includes the plesiosaurs.


Backlash (2006)

Backlash (2006) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on April 30, 2006 at the Rupp Arena in Lexington, Kentucky. It was the eighth annual Backlash PPV. The pay-per-view received 273,000 more buys then last year's Backlash pay-per-view.


Backlash (2005)

Backlash (2005) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on May 1, 2005 at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire. It was the seventh annual Backlash PPV. 


Lepidosauria

The Lepidosauria (Greek for "scaled lizards") are reptiles with overlapping scales. They include the tuataras, lizards, snakes and amphisbaenians.

Lepidosauria is a superorder of Sauropsida. It includes the orders : 

Backlash (2003)

Backlash (2003) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on April 27, 2003 at the Worcester Centrum in Worcester, Massachusetts. It was the fifth annual Backlash PPV. The pay-per-view had a 0.67 buyrate and sold 10,000 tickets.


Casineria

Casineria was a tetrapod which lived 340 million years ago (mya) in the Mississippian. It was a small animal, length about 15 centimeters. 

It lived in what was then a fairly dry environment in what is now Scotland. It had a mosaic of 'basal' (= primitive) amphibian and 'derived' (= advanced) amniote characters. 

"Casineria" was at or very near the origin of the amniotes. It may have been one of the very first true amniotes. The only fossil lacks key elements: most of the skull and the whole lower body is missing. This makes exact analysis difficult.

"Casineria" was an insectivore. This earliest amniote had five fingers with claws on each hand, and marks the earliest known clawed foot. 

Its name, "Casineria", is a latin version of "Cheese Bay", the site near Edinburgh, where it was found.

In 1992, an amateur fossil collector spotted the remains of this four-legged creature on the shore of Cheese Bay, Scotland. For the next five years, the fossil waited at the National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh while researchers focused on other projects. In 1997, work began to expose the remainder of the fossil from the surrounding matrix of stone. 

The work revealed that the animal probably lived in an environment much drier than previously understood. The findings were first reported in 1999.

"Casineria" shows features that ties it in with early tetrapods, notably a generally gracile (slim) build with light leg-bones, unfused ankles and toes ending in claws. This would enable the animal to use their feet actively in traction, rather than as holdfasts. This indicates a mainly terrestrial lifestyle. These traits shows it was closely related to amniotes.

With its advanced features, "Casineria" may have been one of the very first true amniotes, that is, egg-layers before the split between Synapsids and Sauropsids. "Casineria" pushes back the origin of amniote lineages much further than was previously realized.

"Casineria" and its relatives were perhaps the first vertebrates to live and reproduce on land.

Protoclepsydrops

Protoclepsydrops was an early amniote from about 314 million years ago. Its remains were found at the Joggins Fossil Cliffs World Heritage Site. The dating of this site has been debated, with dates from 320 million years ago (mya) to 305 mya being suggested. It is now settled as 314.5–313.4 mya +/- 1.1 million years.

The skeletal remains of "Protoclepsydrops" suggest it may have been a synapsid. If so, it is the oldest synapsid known, though its status is unconfirmed because its remains were fragmentary. "Protoclepsydrops" lived slightly earlier than "Archaeothyris", which was definitely a synapsid. Like "Archaeothyris", "Protoclepsydrops" had a body shape which resembled modern lizards. 

Paleothyris

Paleothyris was a small, agile, anapsid reptile which lived in the Pennsylvanian epoch in Nova Scotia (about 312 to 304 million years ago). 

"Paleothyris" had sharp teeth and large eyes: it was a nocturnal hunter. It was about a foot long. It probably fed on insects and other smaller animals found on the floor of its forest home. 

"Paleothyris" was an early sauropsid, yet it still had some features that were more labyrinthodont-like than reptile-like. Its skull lacked fenestrae, holes found in the skulls of most reptiles and mammals.


Amy Brenneman

Amy Frederica Brenneman (born June 22, 1964) is an American producer and actor. She is best known for starring in "NYPD Blue" and "Judging Amy". She has also starred in many movies. She was born in Connecticut.

Westlothiana

Westlothiana lizziae is an early tetrapod. It is a transitional fossil, with a mixture of amphibian and early amniote characters. Its body shape had a superficial resemblance to modern-day lizards. It lived during the Carboniferous period, about 350 million years ago. 

The type specimen was discovered in East Kirkton Quarry, Bathgate, Scotland, in 1984. It was named after the County of West Lothian where it was found. 

This species probably lived near a freshwater lake, probably hunting for other small creatures that lived in the same habitat. It was a slender animal, with rather small legs and a long tail. 

Together with "Casineria", another transitional fossil found in Scotland, it is one of the smallest terapods known, being a mere 20 cm in adult length. 

The small size has made it a key fossil in the search for the earliest amniote, as amniote eggs are thought to have evolved in very small animals. There are derived (advanced) features which tie it in with the amniotes rather than amphibians. These are: unfused ankle bones, lack of labyrinthodont infolding of the dentine in teeth, a lack of an otic notch and a generally small skull.

The long body and small legs were a possible adaptation to burrowing, similar to that seen in modern skinks.

Ideas of how "Westlothiana" should be classified has varied from basal amniote to an amphibian Lepospondyl. The actual phylogenetic position of "Westlothiania" is uncertain.


Magic Kingdom

Magic Kingdom is one of four theme parks at the Walt Disney World Resort near Orlando, Florida. Magic Kingdom was the first park built at the resort. It opened on October 1, 1971. It was designed and built by WED Enterprises. The park's layout and attractions are similar to Disneyland in Anaheim, California. In 2009, the park had around 17.2 million visitors, making it the most visited theme park in the world.

The symbol of Magic Kingdom is Cinderella Castle. That castle is based on the castle in the movie "Cinderella".

The Transportation and Ticket Center, also called the TTC, is the first place park guests enter after the parking lot. At the TTC, guests can buy tickets to enter the park. After that, they can board either a boat or the Monorail, which will take them to the park. Walt Disney built the resort to have a big lake between the parking lot and the park so guests would have a magical experience watching the park come slowly into view.

Magic Kingdom is divided into six areas. Most of them are called "lands". The lands are Adventureland, Frontierland, Fantasyland, and Tomorrowland. The other areas are Main Street, U.S.A. and Liberty Square.

Main Sreet, U.S.A. is the first area guests enter after going through the gates. It was built to look like a typical street in the United States. The buildings use forced perspective to make the street look longer than it really is and Cinderella Castle look taller. That means the buildings closer to the viewer are taller than the buildings farther away.

The street is lined with shops and restaurants. The windows of the buildings have the names of people who worked for the Walt Disney Company on them.

Adventureland is themed around exploring unknown lands, like jungles and islands. Rides and shows in this area are the Enchanted Tiki Room, the Jungle Cruise, and Pirates of the Caribbean, among others.

Frontierland is based on the American West in the 1800s, also called the Wild West. Rides and shows in this area include Big Thunder Mountain, Splash Mountain, and the Country Bear Jamboree.

Liberty Square is based on colonial America around the time of the American Revolution. Rides and shows in this area include the Hall of the Presidents and the Haunted Mansion.

Fantasyland is based on the magic of fairytales and has rides based on many of Disney's animated films. Rides in this area include It's a Small World, Peter Pan's Flight, and Dumbo.

Tomorrowland is based on visions of the future. Rides and shows in this area include Space Mountain, Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin, and Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress.

Archaeothyris

Archaeothyris was one of the earliest definite synapsids. It lived in the late Carboniferous period, 306 million years ago. 

It shares this fame with another species (Echinerpeton) about which little is known. Protoclepsydrops is even slightly older, but only fragments have been found.

"Archaeothyris" was found in Nova Scotia, in the same area as several other species which were probably sauropsids: "Hylonomus", and "Petrolacosaurus". 

"Archaeothyris" belonged to a group of early pelycosaurs which evolved early in the Pennsylvanian. It is thus seen as the precursor of all synapsids (which include mammals).

Unlike the early sauropsids, "Hylonomus" and its kin, "Archaeothyris" was relatively large, measuring head to tail. It was also more advanced than the early sauropsids (~reptiles), with strong jaws that could open wider than those of the sauropsids. Its sharp teeth were all of the same shape, and it had a pair of enlarged canines, suggesting that it was a carnivore.

"Archaeothyris" lived in what is now Nova Scotia, about 306 million years ago in the Carboniferous Period (Pennsylvanian). Nova Scotia was at this time a swamp, similar to today's Everglades in Florida. The 'trees' (actually giant clubmosses) were very tall. Some, such as "Lepidodendron", were up to tall. "Archaeothyris" and the other early amniotes lived on the forest floor.


Ray Milland

Ray Milland (3 January 1907 – 10 March 1986) was a Welsh-American actor and director.

In the early years he achieved success in films such as "Bulldog Drummond Escapes" (1937), "Hotel Imperial" (1939), "Beau Geste" (1939), and "The Major and the Minor" (1942) with Ginger Rogers. He was also in "Ministry of Fear" (1944), by Fritz Lang. In the Billy Wilder film "The Lost Weekend" (1945), he played the role of Don Birnam, an alcoholic writer. That role earned him an Academy Award as best actor.

In the 1950s he starred in the Alfred Hitchcock film "Dial M for Murder" (1954).

Another performance was as Oliver Barrett III (1970), in the Arthur Hiller film "Love Story" (1970), with Ali MacGraw and Ryan O'Neal.

In early 1960, Ray Milland started much to play evil characters, in horror and sci-fi movies such as "Panic in Year Zero!" (1962), he also directed. "Premature Burial" (1962) and "" (1963), by Roger Corman, in "Frogs" (1972), he played a man who is attacked by a plague of mutant frogs, "The Thing with Two Heads" (1972), he played a doctor who had a head transplant, "Terror in the Wax Museum" (1973).

He had a long career in television, including his TV series "Meet Mr. McNutley" (1953–54), as Ray McNulty, and the Crime TV series "Markham" (1959–60), as Roy Markham a former lawyer, who works as a detective. 

He was a special guest star in "General Electric Theater", "Night Gallery", "Columbo", "Battlestar Galactica", "Fantasy Island", "The Love Boat", "Hart to Hart", and many more.


Canine tooth

Canine teeth are found in mammals. They are the eye teeth, fangs or dogteeth. They are on either side of the incisors. Their main function is to hold food firmly in order to tear it apart, and also attack and defence.

In some mammals they are weapons of attack and defence. Examples are: wolves and dogs; the cat family; walrus. Baboons and the great apes have large canines, especially the adult males. In humans they are much reduced, and sit in line with the other teeth.

Premolar

The premolar teeth of mammals are the teeth between the canines and the molars. There are at most a total of eight of them. The number is reduced in the dental formula of many species.

As the name suggests, they are like smaller molars, and their function is to crush and grind food.

Water park

A water park (occasionally written as "waterpark") is an theme park that features water play areas, such as water slides, splash pads, spraygrounds (water playgrounds), lazy rivers, or other recreational bathing, swimming, and barefooting environments. Water parks in more current states of development may also have some type of artificial surfing or bodyboarding environment such as a wave pool or FlowRider.

Water parks have grown in popularity since their introduction in the late 1940s and early 1950s. The United States has the largest and most concentrated water park market, with over a thousand water parks and dozens of new parks opening each year. Major organizations are IAAPA (International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions) and WWA (World Waterpark Association).

Water parks emerging from spas continue to more closely resemble mountain resorts as they become four-season destinations-for example, Splash Universe Water Park Resort, a member of the World Water Park Association, is themed to match the community in which it is located. The theme is intended to enhance the communities' destination appeal. Therefore, the amusement and leisure time industry is becoming more concentrated as winter sports are becoming commonplace themes in summertime water rides. A process of concentration can be observed in the hybrid segments of theme-, amusement-, and water parks. Some water parks are more spa-oriented; e.g. Schwaben Quellen, a member of European Waterparks Association (EWA) has no water slides, but instead has many saunas, steam rooms, "adventure showers", and relaxation-oriented water play areas.

From 2000's, popular water parks were disclosed by long wait line problems of attractions. To solve this problem, some water parks adapt conveyor belt to lift passengers or use water jets.

A unique feature at a water park is ice skating. Deep River Waterpark in northwestern Indiana features ice skating thanks to cooling pipes that were added under their massive plaza during a recent expansion.

The first ever indoor water park was built in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in 1985 at the West Edmonton Mall as part of the $1.2 billion dollar Phase III expansion. Called World Waterpark, it is over in size. It also includes one of the world's largest indoor wave pool, waterslides of varying degrees, tube rides, bungee jumping, and hot tubs.

With 5 indoor water parks, Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin, is recognized as the "Water Park Capital of the World." It showcases several of America's largest indoor and outdoor water parks (see Noah's Ark Water Park). Indoor water parks in Wisconsin Dells debuted in 1994 after the Polynesian Resort Hotel built the first one in the U.S. The success in extending the tourist season and turning water park resorts into vacation destinations has resulted in tremendous industry growth. Usually resort hotels featuring massive indoor water parks that are often reserved exclusively for overnight guests, companies like Great Wolf Resorts/Great Wolf Lodge and Kalahari Resorts have branched out from their origin in the Dells to open new locations around the country. Mt. Olympus Theme and Water Park (formerly Family Land) is another huge water park in the Dells.

The premier UK indoor water park is the Sandcastle Waterworld at Blackpool, England which has the Master Blaster, the world's longest indoor roller coaster-style ride.

There are many water parks in Southern Europe where the climate suits a long season. For example in Portugal on the Algarve there are three main parks - Aqualand, Aquashow and Slide and Splash.

Water play areas are similar to water parks and include urban beaches, splash pads, and smaller collections of waterslides in many hotels and public pools. For example, the Delta Chelsea hotel in Toronto features a four story waterslide called the "corkscrew".

Another unique waterpark feature is ice skating. Deep River Waterpark in Indiana has ice skating thanks to cooling pipes that were added under their plaza.


January 31 – February 2, 2011 North American winter storm

The Groundhog Day blizzard of 2011 was a large blizzard that struck parts of Canada, Mexico, and the United States between 31 January 2011 and 2 February 2011. The blizzard was also called the 2011 Groundhog Day Blizzard because it happened close to Groundhog Day. The storm dumped over of snow from Oklahoma City to Chicago and Boston. An ice storm south of the blizzard affected many areas from Dallas to Indianapolis to just north of New York City. The ice storm caused over of ice on most of these areas. Heavy rain fell from Little Rock to New York City. At the same time, severe thunderstorms and tornadoes were seen across Texas and Alabama. A tornado watch was issued for Alabama, where an EF1 tornado dropped down.

The storm started as severe thunderstorms and tornadoes happened in Texas. It grew larger and turned into a mix of blizzard, ice storm, heavy rain, and severe weather. On 1 February, the blizzard reached from Oklahoma City up to Chicago. Heavy snow and strong winds were seen with the storm. Over night, the storm moved through Chicago to Boston. The blizzard caused more than of snow on Oklahoma City, Chicago, and Boston. The ice storm produced up to of ice. On February 2nd, the storm moved out to sea. This storm has impacted more than 10 states.

Texas had severe weather from the storm with tornadoes, hail, and severe thunderstorms.

Oklahoma was hit by a blizzard and icestorm on the south part of the storm on 1 February. The blizzard caused more than of snow in Tulsa and Oklahoma City as well as strong winds. The blizzard ended by the night of 1 February.

Kansas got over of snow in Kansas City and Topeka.

Nebraska got more than of snow in Omaha. There was less than in North Platte. There was extreme cold west of the blizzard. 

Iowa got more than of snow in Des Moines.

The blizzard caused over of snow in Chicago. The ice storm caused about of ice in the Southeast. There was about of rain there.

Most of Indiana saw an ice storm. There was heavy rain in the Southeast and a blizzard in the Northwest. The blizzard dumped several inches of heavy snow on the Northwest part of Indiana. The ice storm dumped of ice on Indianapolis.

Half of Ohio saw an ice storm and half saw heavy rain. The ice storm caused of ice in Cleveland. The heavy rain produced of rain on Columbus.

Most of Pennsylvania saw heavy rain. Much of the northwest part had an ice storm. Only the most Northwest part of the state saw a blizzard.
The heavy rain caused of rain on Philadelphia, and Harrisburg. The ice storm dumped of ice north of Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh also had of heavy rain. The blizzard caused several inches of heavy snow on the far Northwest.

New York state saw heavy rain, the ice storm and the blizzard. The heavy rain caused of rain on New York City. The ice storm caused of ice on Albany. There were also several inches of snow in Albany. The blizzard dumped over of snow in Buffalo.


Adam West

Adam West (William West Anderson; September 19, 1928 – June 9, 2017) was an American actor, director and voice artist. He is known for his role as Batman in the 1960s "Batman" television series and as Mayor Adam West in "Family Guy". West has also acted in movies and on stage.

West was born on September 19, 1928 in Walla Walla, Washington to Otto West Anderson and Audrey V. Speer and studied at Walla Walla High School, Lakeside School, and Whitman College. West was raised in Walla Walla. West has been married to Billie Lou Yeager from 1950 until they divorced in 1965. He later married Frisbie Dawson from 1957 until they divorced in 1962. West married to Marcelle Tagand Lear in 1970. West has six children. He lived in Ketchum, Idaho.

On June 9, 2017, West died in Los Angeles after a battle with leukemia. He was 88.

His early works include the movie "Robinson Crusoe on Mars" (1964), as Col. Dan McCready, an astronaut who is sent on a journey to the Red Planet. He was also in "Mara of the Wilderness" (1965), and the spaghetti western "I quattro inesorabili" (1965), where he played the role of gunslinger Sam Garrett. He played the role of Lt. John Delahay, in the western "Geronimo" (1962) with Chuck Connors.

He worked with The Three Stooges in the movie "The Outlaws Is Coming" (1965). He played inexperienced gunman Kenneth Cabot, who is helped by The Three Stooges.

In the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, he worked in the movies "Curse of the Moon Child" (1972); "Partizani" (1974), a war movie with Rod Taylor; "The Specialist" (1975); "The Happy Hooker Goes Hollywood" (1980); "One Dark Night" (1983); "Young Lady Chatterley II" (1985); "Zombie Nightmare" (1986); "Night of the Kickfighters" (1988); "Omega Cop" (1990); "Maxim Xul" (1991); "An American Vampire Story" (1997); and "Joyride" (1997).

His last appearances in movies were "Buckaroo: The Movie" (2005) as the Judge, and "Ratko: The Dictator's Son" (2009), as Kostka Volvic.

In 1966, Adam West was chosen to play the role of Batman in the Batman TV series. This show started West to fame. The series was well liked and a movie of the same name was made of it. He put his voice to the animated series "The New Adventures of Batman" (1977), "SuperFriends: The Legendary Super Powers Show" (1985) and "The Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians" (1985). His best known voice acting is his work on the animated series "Family Guy", as Mayor West.

Adam starred in a comedy television movie about detectives, "Ace Diamond Private Eye" (1983). The actor also had guest star appearances in many series as "Cheyenne", "Colt 45", "77 Sunset Strip", "Goodyear Theatre", "Bonanza", "The Rifleman", "Mannix", "Police Woman", "Murder, She Wrote", and "Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman".

According to the comic books, Batman/Bruce Wayne is 6'2". Of all the actors to play Batman, Adam West is the only actor who stood the same height.






Crash Holly

Michael John "Mike" Lockwood (August 25, 1971 – November 6, 2003) was an American professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation (WWF) under the ring name, Crash Holly. He was a member of the Holly cousins along with Hardcore Holly. He died on November 6, 2003, after committing suicide from mixing prescription medication and alcohol at wrestler Stevie Richards' house.

Lockwood held many championships during his professional wrestling career:


Bo Derek

Bo Derek (born Mary Cathleen Collins, November 20, 1956 in Long Beach, California), is an American actress.and model. Derek is best known for the movie "10" with Dudley Moore and Julie Andrews. She acted in movies by John Derek. These included "Fantasies", "Tarzan, the Ape Man" (both 1981), "Bolero" (1984) and "Ghosts Can't Do It" (1989), all of which got negative surveys. A widow since 1998, she lives with entertainer John Corbett. As of 2023, she was in semi-retirement, but has made some movie, television and narrative appearances.

Derek began her acting career with movies such as "Orca" (1977), and "10" (1979). After the success of "10", she starred in the movies "Fantasies" (1981), "Tarzan, the Ape Man" (1981), "Bolero" (1984), and "Ghosts Can't Do It" (1989). These movies were directed by her husband John Derek.

In the early 1990s, she worked in comedies and low-budget movies such as "Amour et chocolat" (1992) and "Woman of Desire" (1994, with Robert Mitchum).

Derek reappeared in 1995 in the comedy "Tommy Boy" (1995), as Beverly. After "Tommy Boy", she worked on several films: "Sunstorm" (2001), "Frozen with Fear" (2001), "Malibu's Most Wanted" (2003), and "Life in the Balance" (2004). 
In the late 1990s, Derek began making appearances on television show "The Drew Carey Show", "Wind on Water", "Family Law", "Queen of Swords". 

In the year 2006 she obtained the role of Maria Gianni, in the drama TV series "Fashion House".


Spike Dudley

Matthew "Matt" Hyson (born August 13, 1970 in Providence, Rhode Island) is a semi-retired American professional wrestler. He was best known for wrestling with Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) under the ring name, Spike Dudley. He also wrestled for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name, Brother Runt. He was known for being a member of the tag team, "The Dudley Boyz".

Before he started his professional wrestling career, he worked as a third grade teacher’s aide. He is married to his wife Vikki Hyson and they have a daughter named Meadow. He currently works as a financial planner.

Hyson held many championships during his professional wrestling career:


Jessica Lange

Jessica Lange (born April 20, 1949) is an American actress. She was born in Cloquet, Minnesota. Her most notable performances happened in the movies "King Kong" (her first movie role), "The Postman Always Rings Twice", "Tootsie", "Music Box", "Rob Roy", and "Frances" (a movie about Frances Farmer). She starred in many other movies. During her career, she has gotten several awards.


Lumbricus terrestris

Lumbricus terrestris, also known as the common worm, lob worm, or dew worm, is a large reddish worm native to Europe, but now also widely distributed elsewhere around the world (along with several other lumbricids), due to human introductions. In some areas where it has been introduced, some people consider it to be a serious pest species, since it is out-competing locally native worms.

Through much of Europe it is the largest naturally occurring species of earthworm, typically reaching 20 – 25 cm in length when extended (though in parts of southern Europe there are native species which are much larger). It has an unusual habit of copulating on the surface at night, which makes it more visible than most other earthworms.

Davey Boy Smith

David Smith (27 November 1962 – 18 May 2002) was an English professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW) under the ring names, (The) British Bulldog and Davey Boy Smith. He had a close relationship with the Hart family and was trained in The Hart Dungeon by Stu Hart. Smith died of a heart attack.

Smith held many championships during his professional wrestling career:




Glenn Ruth

Glenn Ruth (born June 13, 1969 in Camden, New Jersey) is a American professional wrestler. He is best known for wrestling with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) under the ring name Thrasher. Ruth was best known as one half of the tag team The Headbangers, along with Mosh.

Ruth held many championships during his professional wrestling career:










Charles Warrington

Charles Warrington (born May 28, 1971 in Cherry Hill, New Jersey) is a American professional wrestler. He is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation (WWF) under the ring names, Chaz and Mosh. Warringon was also one half of the tag team, The Headbangers, along with Thrasher.

He is currently a Sales Director for DEX Imaging in Tampa, Florida. He also plays outfield for the nationally-ranked Fort Lauderdale professional kickball team "The Meatballs".

Warrington held many championships during his professional wrestling career:













Joel McCrea

Joel Albert McCrea (November 5, 1905 – October 20, 1990) was an American actor.

His career began in the late 1920s in movies such as The Fair Co-Ed (1927) and The Five O'Clock Girl (1928).

He had a starring role in the Western movie Wells Fargo (1937) and Union Pacific (1939). Those movies turned McCrea, into a prominent actor in westerns, from that moment he would never stop starring in Westerns. In another of his classics, Buffalo Bill (1944), he plays the legendary buffalo hunter. His other successful role was of "The Virginian" in The Virginian (1946). He was directed by renowned director Raoul Walsh in Colorado Territory (1949), he plays an outlaw who plans to rob the railroad.
In the 1950's, he starred in some interesting western movie as The San Francisco Story (1952), Border River (1954), and the Classic Wichita (1955), by Jacques Tourneur, The Gunfight at Dodge City (1959), as Bat Masterson. 
One of his best movies, was with the actor Randolph Scott in Ride the High Country (1962) by Sam Peckinpah. His last movies were The Young Rounders (1966) - Sioux Nation (1970) - Cry Blood, Apache (1970) and Mustang Country (1976).

In 1960 Joel McCrea, was hired by NBC Television, for the role of Marshal Mike Dunbar, in the series Wichita Town for 26 episodes. Marshal Mike Dunbar, is tough, imposing law and order in the wild town of Wichita. Joel McCrea was one of the few stars in Hollywood, starring in a television series.


Oliver Hardy

Oliver Hardy (January 18, 1892 - August 7, 1957) was an American actor, comedian and director. His father was veteran of American civil war,he died on November 22 1892. In fall semester of 1912, he signed up for a course or two at University of Georgia as a law major just to play football. He never missed a game.

He is most famous for his 1926 - 1957 partnership with comedy legend Stan Laurel. Before Laurel he partnered with comedian Bobby Ray.

Born in Harlem, Georgia, U.S.. His solo career includes the short films Outwitting Dad (1914), Cupid's Target (1915), A Maid to Order (1916), The Fly Cop (1917), The Midnight Cabaret (1923), They All Fall (1925). He leaps to fame when he formed a duo with Stan Laurel, they formed the most successful comedy groups of all time. Laurel and Hardy shot many short films and feature much success Hats Off (1927), They Go Boom! (1929). One of his best films was The Midnight Patrol (1934), where two police officers. And the classics of comedy as Sons of the Desert (1933), Way Out West (1937), The Flying Deuces (1939), Saps at Sea (1940), are of the best comedy of all time.

Oliver Hardy also worked with John Wayne in Western movies, The Fighting Kentuckian (1949), and Bing Crosby in Frank Capra film Riding High (1950).

 

Loni Anderson

Loni Kaye Anderson (born August 5, 1945, St. Paul, Minnesota) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Jennifer Marlowe in the sitcom "WKRP in Cincinnati". She was married to Burt Reynolds from 1988 to 1993.

Vampiro

Ian Richard Hodgkinson (born May 31, 1967 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a semi-retired Canadian professional wrestler that currently wrestles for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA).

He is probably best known for wrestling with Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre in the early 1990s and with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) under the ring name, Vampiro.

He currently serves as the head of the Guardian Angels' chapter in Mexico City.

On April 12, 2019, Hodgkinson was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.

Vampiro has held many championships during his professional wrestling career:


Eartha Kitt

Eartha Kitt (January 17, 1927 – December 25, 2008) was an American actress, singer and songwriter credited with many hit recordings, including the first version of the song "Santa Baby." She died of colorectal cancer in Weston, Connecticut. 

Kitt was born on a cotton plantation in the town of North, in South Carolina, where she spent the first 7 years of her life. At the age of 8, she moved with her family to Harlem in New York City, eventually attending the High School of Performing Arts in Manhattan and, in 1943, joining the Katherine Dunham Dance Company. With the Dunham troupe, Kitt performed in Egypt, France, Greece, Turkey, New York, Las Vegas and Hollywood, and eventually secured her first movie acting role in the 1948 film, "Casbah". For her many outstanding accomplishments, Kitt was honored in 1960 with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. She provided the voice of the character Yzma in the 2000 animated film, "The Emperor's New Groove," and from 2002 to 2006, she was the voice of Queen Vexus in the Nickelodeon animated series, "My Life as a Teenage Robot". 

Kitt performed in the Broadway musical productions of "New Faces" and "Timbuktu," and in numerous films, including "Synanon", "The Mark of the Hawk", "All by Myself" and "Accused". She also made numerous television appearances on The Colgate Comedy Hour, Batman, The Ed Sullivan Show, I Spy, Police Woman, and several others programs.

In her later years, Kitt wrote and published four memoirs, "Thursday's Child" (1956), "Tart is Not a Sweet", "Alone With Me: A New Autobiography" (1976), and "I’m Still Here; Confessions of a Sex Kitten" (1989). She died on Christmas Day, 2008, at her home in Weston, Connecticut.


Morganucodon

Morganucodon is an early mammaliaform genus. It lived during the latest Upper Triassic or earliest Jurassic.

Unlike many other early mammals, "Morganucodon" is known from abundant and well preserved material. Most of this comes from Glamorgan in Wales ("Morganucodon watsoni").

According to Kemp, it is impossible to say whether the rock fissures (cracks), where the remains were found, are latest Triassic or earliest Jurassic.

"Morganucodon" first appeared about 205 million years ago. "It was a small animal with a skull 2-3 cm in length and a body length of about 10 cm [4 inches]. In general appearance it would have looked like a shrew or mouse".

Fossils have also been found in the Yunnan Province in China ("Morganucodon oehleri"), in various parts of Europe and North America and some at least closely related animals ("Megazostrodon") are known from exquisite fossils from South Africa.

From their size and teeth, they may have been insectivores.
The small size suggests some kind of temperature regulation, which in turn suggests insulation in the form of fur. Nocturnal activity in an animal of this size virtually requires an increased internal production of heat.

Brain size is another factor. It is certain that early mammals did have enlarged brains relative to their size. Reconstructions of the brain size has shown this. Apparently, brain size in Mesozoic mammals lay within the lower range of brain size for living mammals. This is an overall increase of four or more times the volume of basal amniote brains. Very likely this involved the development of the neocortex, "one of the most striking of all mammalian characteristics".

There has been a long controversy about whether or not to classify it as a mammal. Some prefer to include it in a broader clade called Mammaliaformes.

"Morganucodon" is regarded as very basal (= primitive). Its lower jaw has some of the bones found in its synapsid ancestors in a very reduced form. Mammals have a jawbone composed solely of the dentary.

The primitive jaw joint between the articular and quadrate bones is still found in "Morganucodon". In modern mammals these bones moved into the middle ear and become part of the ear ossicles as malleus and incus, "Morganucodon" is unusual because, apart from still having the primitive hinge, it has also evolved the derived mammalian one and so has a double jaw joint.

Its tooth replacement and determinate growth, are mammalian features. Earlier synapsids replace their teeth throughout life, as sauropsids also do. This is known as "polyphyodonty", while mammals grow only two sets of teeth, in "diphyodonty".

Castle Vale Estate

Castle Vale is a housing estate near Erdington, northeast of Birmingham city centre, in England. The area has about 10,000 people. It has modern homes because a lot of new houses were built after World War II. It is known as a postwar overspill estate.

The area was originally known as Berwood, from the Saxon 'Bearu' meaning 'the woods'. Historically the area was a boggy and wooded area, and development only started when Edward Darcy began cutting down the trees in the 17th century and the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal was built in the 18th century. In the 20th century, the land became the site for the first aeroplane take-off in Birmingham which led to a long aviation history being associated with the area. Castle Bromwich Aerodrome was established on the site and operated from 1914 to 1960, being a major airfield in both World Wars and also having industrial importance as the testing facility for locally manufactured airplanes and the location for the British Industries Fair. 

Castle Vale became infamous from the 1970s onwards as a large scale example of a failed postwar overspill estate, which suffered from poor construction and maintenance, social deprivation and high levels of crime. The area became the focus of a targeted regeneration initiative, led by the Castle Vale Housing Action Trust (CVHAT) from 1993 to 2005, where the estate witnessed the demolition of many of its houses and facilities, the repair of remaining properties, and the construction of new housing and facilities along with the remodelling of the estate, funded both privately and publicly. It is now hailed as an example of a successful community-led regeneration scheme.

Mahayana

Mahayana (, "mahāyāna", literally the "Great Vehicle") is one of the three main branches of Buddhism. Mahayana Buddhism initially developed in Gandhara (modern-day Pakistan). Zen is a kind of Mahayana that is influenced by Confucianism.

Tritylodont

Tritylodonts were small to medium-sized mammal-like cynodonts. They varied in size from a rabbit to a beaver.

They were the last family of the non-mammalian synapsids. One of the last cynodont lines to appear, the family Tritylodontidae descended from a "Cynognathus"-like cynodont. Their teeth had three cusps (bumps) which gave them their name.

The tritylodonts were herbivorous, chewing through vegetation, such as stems, leaves, and roots. Tritylodonts have no canine teeth, just incisors and cheek teeth. The jaw worked by grinding forward and backwards, shredding the food between the ridges of the teeth.

They were the longest surviving of all the non-mammalian therapsids. They appeared in the latest Triassic period, and persisted through the Jurassic until the middle of the Cretaceous. This shows that the tritylodonts were a successful group of therapsids, even though they lived right beneath the ruling dinosaurs' feet, so to speak.

It is very clear that the tritylodonts were warm-blooded. The tritylodont fossils were found in the Americas, South Africa, and Eurasia. They may have managed to live worldwide, including Antarctica.

There are quite a few parallels between these tritylodonts (which are outside the mammal line) and multituberculates, which are mammals. The tritylodonts had no competition in the Jurassic, because all the other mammal-like types were either carnivores or insectivores. Kermack's conclusion is that when the multituberculates appeared (middle Jurssic) they were in direct competition, and eventually they out-competed the earlier group, and replaced it.

August Belmont

August Belmont, Sr. (8 December 1813–24 November 1890) was born in Alzey, Hesse, to a Jewish family. He emigrated to New York City in 1837 when he became the American representative of the Rothschild family's banking house in Frankfurt. Later he became an American citizen, and married Caroline Slidell Perry, daughter of Commodore Matthew Calbraith Perry.

August Belmont was born on December 8, 1813—some sources say 1816—to Simon and Frederika Elsass Schönberg. His mother died when he was seven, and he went live with his uncle and grandmother in Frankfurt. He attended the Jewish Junior and Senior High School until he began his first job as an apprentice to the Rothschilds. He would sweep floors, polish furniture, and run errands while studying English, arithmetic, and writing. He was then given a confidential clerkship in 1832 and promoted to private secretary before travelling to Naples, Paris, and Rome. In 1837, Belmont travelled to Havana to manage the Rothschild's Cuban interests. On his way to Havana, however, Belmont stopped in New York. He arrived there during the Panic of 1837 and stayed to look afte Rothschild's interests there instead of continuing on to Havana. After he emigrated to the United States, he changed his surname, Schönberg (German for "beautiful mountain"), to Belmont (French for "beautiful mountain").

In the Panic of 1837, hundreds of American businesses, including the Rothschild's American agents, went bankrupt. As a result, Belmont postponed his departure to Havana and began August Belmont & Company, believing that he could supplant the recently bankrupt firm, the American Agency. August Belmont and Company was an instant success, and Belmont restored health to the Rothschild's US interests over the next five years. In 1844, Belmont was named the Consul-General of Austria at New York City. He resigned in 1850 because he thought Austria was cruel in the way it treated Hungary.

Belmont married Caroline Slidell Perry, the daughter of Matthew Calbraith Perry, on 7 November 1849. Soon, John Slidell, his wife's uncle, starting helping Belmont. Belmont's first task was to campaign for James Buchanan in New York. In June, 1851, Belmont wrote letters to the "New York Herald" and the "New York National-Democrat", insisting that they do justice to Buchanan's presidential run. But Franklin Pierce won the nomination instead, and Belmont made large contributions to the Democratic Party. After his victory, Pierce in 1853 appointed Belmont "chargé d'affaires" and minister to The Hague. While in Holland, Belmont urged American annexation of Cuba as a new slave state in what became known as the Ostend Manifesto.

Though Belmont lobbied hard for it, Buchanan denied him the ambassadorship to Spain after his election in 1856, thanks to the Ostend Manifesto. As a delegate to the 1860 Democratic National Convention, Belmont supported Stephen A. Douglas, who subsequently named Belmont chairman of the Democratic National Committee. Belmont energetically supported the Union cause during the Civil War as a War Democrat, helping Missouri congressman Francis P. Blair raise and equip the Union army's first mainly German-American regiment. Belmont also used his influence with European business and political leaders to support the Union cause in the American civil war, stopping the Rothschilds and other bankers from lending to the Confederacy and meeting personally with the British prime minister, Lord Palmerston, and members of Napoleon III’s government.

Belmont stayed as chairman of the Democratic National Committee after the war, but he thought it was the worst ever time for the party. As early as 1862, Belmont and Samuel Tilden bought stock in the "New York World" in order to make it publish stories supporting the Democrats, with the help of Manton M. Marble, its editor-in-chief.

The Republican party was divided at the war’s end, so Belmont organized new party gatherings and tried to get Salmon Chase elected president in 1868. He thought Chase was least vulnerable to charges of disloyalty to the party during the Republican Lincoln-Johnson administrations.

Horatio Seymour’s became the democratic candidate instead, and lost to Ulysses S. Grant by a lot of Electoral College votes, although the popular vote was much closer. In 1872 the Democrats supported liberal Republican Horace Greeley's disastrous presidential campaign. The election of 1872 prompted Belmont to resign as chairman of the Democratic National Committee, but he stayed interested in politics as a champion of US Senator Thomas F. Bayard of Delaware for the presidency, and as a fierce critic of the process granting Rutherford B. Hayes the presidency in 1877, and as an advocate of “hard money.”

Belmont died in New York in 1890. The "Letters, Speeches and Addresses of August Belmont" was published at New York in 1890. Belmont left an estate valued at more than ten million dollars. He is buried in Newport, Rhode Island.

Belmont's sons were Oliver Hazard Perry Belmont, Perry Belmont, and August Belmont, Jr..

August Belmont threw lavish balls and dinner parties, receiving from New York's high society mixed reviews.
He was an avid sportsman, and the famed Belmont Stakes thoroughbred horse race is named in his honour. It debuted at Jerome Park Racetrack, owned by Belmont's friend, Leonard Jerome. Today The Belmont Stakes is part of thoroughbred racing's Triple Crown and takes place at Belmont Racetrack in New York.

Also named in Belmont's honor is the town of Belmont, New Hampshire, an honor Mr. Belmont never acknowledged. Edith Wharton reputedly modeled the character of Julius Beaufort in "The Age of Innocence" on Belmont.

Ham mousseline à la Belmont was created in his honour by Charles Ranhofer at Delmonico's.


Parmigiana

Parmigiana is a Southern Italian dish made with a shallow-fried sliced filling, with cheese and tomato sauce on top, then baked. Eggplant parmigiana is the earliest version. Other kinds made with breaded meat cutlets, such as veal and chicken parmigiana, are popular in other countries, usually in areas with a lot of Italian immigrants. 

The dish is claimed by both Campania and Sicily. While "parmigiana" means "from Parma" (in Northern Italy), the dish is not part of Parma food. It is based on melanzane alla parmigiana (alt. parmigiana di melanzane) or eggplant parmigiana (or eggplant Parmesan), a classic Southern Italian dish. 

Along with the many Italian versions, different kinds of Parmigiana have been developed across the world, most often in countries where large numbers of Italians immigrated. Examples of dishes developed outside of Italy from the early parmigianas include veal (Veal Parmigiana) or chicken breast (Chicken Parmigiana) dipped in beaten eggs, breaded, shallow-fried and topped with a marinara sauce (red Sicilian tomato sauce) and mozzarella. It is then usually baked until the cheese is bubbly and brown. The veal dish is known in Italian as "Cotolette alla Bolognese".

"Parmigiana" is also used as an adjective in the names of other unrelated dishes from Parma food, such as "Trippa alla Parmigiana" (Parma-style tripe).

The dish consists of a sliced filling pan fried in oil, layered with tomato sauce and cheese, and baked in an oven. In some kinds, the sliced filling is first dipped in beaten eggs and covered in flour or breadcrumbs before frying. Some recipes use hard grated cheeses such as Parmesan or Pecorino Romano, while others use softer melting cheeses like Mozzarella or Caciocavallo, or a combination of these.

In the United States and Canada, veal parmigiana or chicken parmigiana is commonly served as a grinder or a submarine sandwich. It is also popular with a side of or on top of pasta. Diced onions or green bell peppers, sautéed or raw, are sometimes added.

Chicken or veal parmigiana has become very popular in Australia as a pub dish, often served with chips and salad. It may also contain a lot of toppings, including sliced ham or fried eggplant slices. This dish is often referred to as a "parma" or "parmi", a simple shortening of the name. However, as Italian pronunciations are phonetic and do not use long vowel sounds, "parma" is incorrect. 

A similar dish, the Parmo, which uses either pork or chicken, has been made within the country of England.

There are several theories for the origin of the name "parmigiana".

One common theory says the name is from Parmigiano-Reggiano (Parmesan cheese).

Another theory says the name is an alteration of the Sicilian word "parmiciana":
This is an ancient Sicilian dish which, in all cookbooks, is erroneously stated as obtaining its name from Parmesan cheese, which is one of the ingredients. Nothing could be further from the truth. The name "parmigiana" does not derive from that of the cheese but is the Italianization of the Sicilian dialectal word "parmiciana", which refers to the slats of wood which compose the central part of a shutter and overlap in the same manner as the slices of eggplant in the dish."

As with Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, the word "Parmigiana" is often rendered as "Parmesan" in English-speaking countries, from the French word for "from Parma."


Veal

Veal is the meat of young cattle (calves), as opposed to beef from older cattle. Though veal can be made from a calf of either sex and any breed, most veal comes from male calves of dairy cattle breeds. Veal has a tender texture.

Veal has been an important ingredient in Italian and French cuisine since ancient times. The veal is often in the form of cutlets, such as the Italian cotoletta or the famous Austrian dish Wiener Schnitzel. Some classic French veal dishes include: fried escalopes, fried veal Grenadines (small thick fillet steaks), stuffed paupiettes, roast joints and blanquettes. As veal is lower in fat than many meats, care must be taken in preparation to ensure that it does not become tough. Veal is often coated in preparation for frying or eaten with a sauce. Veal Parmigiana is a common Italian-American dish consisting of breaded veal cutlets.

Veal is a controversial issue in terms of animal welfare.

Many animal welfare groups, who strongly focus on factory farming, try to educate consumers about several veal production procedures that they consider to be inhumane. This education has been successful in creating pressure on the industry, resulting in recently announced changes in the methods used by the veal industry.

A strong animal welfare movement about veal started in the 1980s with the release of photographs of veal calves tied up in crates where they could barely move. After people saw these photographs, people started buying less veal. They have not started buying more again.

Many veal farmers listened to the concern of their customers and have started improving conditions in their veal farms.

The American Veal Association has announced they plan to stop the use of crates by 2017, which is often the main focus of controversy in veal farming. Strauss Brands is the first veal packer in the US to raise veal calves completely tether free and group raised since December 31, 2008.

Though a lot of people think the crates are bad because the calves can't move much and get sick, the Veal Quality Assurance Program & Veal Issues Management Program industry fact sheet, and the Ontario Veal Association say the crates are important for keeping out diseases and keeping the calves from getting hurt. They also state that it lets veal farmers provide more personal attention to veal calves.

Other uses for male dairy calves include raising bob veal (slaughter at 2 or 3 days old), raising calves as "red veal" without the harsh food restrictions needed to create pale meat (resulting in fewer antibiotic treatments and fewer slaughtered calves), and as dairy beef.

When it comes to the centuries-old method of free raised veal, calves never experience the stress of confinement, separation from their mothers and herd-mates, or an unnatural diet. Many veal producers are realizing this, and the demand for free raised veal is rapidly increasing.

In 2007, less than 5% of veal calves were raised in a group environment. In 2009, this had increased to 35%.

The following shows where veal crates have been banned, or are currently in the process of being banned:
Veal crates became illegal in the UK in 1990, and a full ban has been placed for the entire European Union, as of 2007. Switzerland, with its substantial dairy industry, continues to use crates.

Veal calf production as such is not allowed in many Northern European countries, such as in Finland. In Finland it is illegal to give an animal food the caretaker knows is bad for it, and it is also illegal to not give the animal enough food.

Crates are slowly being banned in the United States. As stated above, several large veal producers are working on getting rid of veal crates, as well as the American Veal Association.
State-by-state veal crate bans are as follows:

Current active legislation in:


Hyssop

Hyssop ("Hyssopus") is a genus of about 1012 species of herbaceous or semi-woody plants in the family Lamiaceae. They are native to the east Mediterranean to central Asia. 

They are aromatic, with upright branched stems up to 60 cm long covered with fine hairs at the tips. The small blue flowers are on the upper part of the branches during summer. By far the best-known species is the herb hyssop ("H. officinalis"). It is widely grown outside its native area in the Mediterranean.

The anise hyssop, "Agastache foeniculum" (also called blue giant hyssop) is a very different plant and not a close relative, although both are in the mint family. Anise hyssop is native to much of north-central and northern North America.
The name 'hyssop' can be traced back almost unchanged through the Greek word ("hyssopos") and Hebrew word ("ezov"). The Book of Exodus in the Bible records that the blood of the sacrifices was applied to the doorposts using hyssop on the night of Passover. Its vomit-inducing properties are also mentioned in the Book of Psalms. In the New Testament, a sponge soaked in sour wine or vinegar was stuck on a branch of hyssop and offered to Jesus of Nazareth on the cross just before he died. Both Matthew and Mark mention this but refer to the plant using the general term ("kalamos"), which is translated as "reed" or "stick."
The seeds are planted in spring and the seedlings planted out 40–50 cm apart. Hyssop can also be propagated from cuttings or root division in spring or autumn. Hyssop should be grown in full sun on well-drained soil, and will benefit from occasional clipping. It does not live long, and the plants need to be replaced every few years. It is good for use as a low hedge or border within an herb garden.
Hyssop also has uses in the garden. It is said to be a good companion plant to cabbage because it will deter the cabbage white butterfly. It has also "been found to improve the yield from grapevines if planted along the rows, particularly if the terrain is rocky or sandy, and the soil is not as easy to work as it might be." Hyssop is said to be bad for radishes, and they should not be grown nearby. Hyssop also attracts bees, hoverflies and butterflies, and so has a place in the wild garden as well as being useful in controlling pests and encouraging pollination without the use of unnatural methods.
Hyssop leaves can be preserved by drying. Hyssop is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including the cabbage moth.

Hyssop is used as an ingredient in eau de Cologne and the liqueur Chartreuse. It is also used to color the alcohol Absinthe, along with the Melissa plant and Roman wormwood. Hyssop is also used, usually in combination with other herbs such as liquorice, in herbal remedies, especially for lung conditions. Hyssop also kills bacteria, makes capillaries stronger, and reduces inflammation. It can help with about 81 different illnesses including cancer, bronchitis, insomnia, edema, colds, etc. When eaten in extract or tea form it gets rid of mucus in the respiratory tract, which relieves congestion, can regulate blood pressure, and can dispel gas. It also helps with circulatory problems, epilepsy, fever, gout, and weight problems. Poultices can be made from fresh hyssop to help heal wounds. It should not be used during pregnancy.

Hyssop is a sacred plant used in Judaism. It appears a lot in the Hebrew Bible as Ezov. In Exodus 12:22 the Jews in Egypt are instructed to ""Take a bunch of hyssop, dip it into the blood in the basin and put some of the blood on the top and on both sides of the doorframe. Not one of you shall go out the door of his house until morning."" It is used by the priests in the Temple of Solomon for purification rites of various kinds in Leviticus 14:4-7, 14:49-52, 19:6, 18. Hyssop is also often used to fill the Catholic ceremonial Aspergillum, which the priest dips into a bowl of holy water, and sprinkles onto the congregation to bless them. However, researchers say that the Biblical accounts refer not to the plant currently known as hyssop. It might actually be one of a number of different herbs.

The Talmud calls the hyssop אברתא and considers it to be an herbal remedy for indigestion.

Hyssop leaves have a slightly bitter minty flavor and can be added to soups, salads or meats, but it should be used sparingly as the flavour is very strong.


