Heisenberg's uncertainty principle

Heisenberg's uncertainty principle is one of the most important results of twentieth century physics. It relates to measurements of sub-atomic particles. Certain pairs of measurements such as (a) where a particle is and (b) where it is going (its position and momentum) cannot be precisely pinned down.

Albert Einstein thought that such a quantum theory could give us only a partial description of nature. He thought that Heisenberg's discovery showed that human knowledge is limited, but he also thought that nature is absolute. That is, he thought that there is no "uncertainty" in nature, and that the uncertainty exists only in our knowledge about it. However, many other scientists disagree with Einstein.

Heisenberg's idea is that if something like an electron were shot into a big box with a certain speed and in a certain direction, then it would be possible to calculate a fairly accurate idea of what its path would be like in the future. However, if the box were made smaller then we would have a more certain idea of where it was located, and because of that we would have to have a less certain idea of how it was traveling. American physicist Brian Greene gave the analogy of a moth which flies placidly around in a large closet but who flies frantically back and forth and up and down when placed in a glass jar. Another interesting uncertainty phenomenon, which makes possible many electronic devices, is called quantum tunneling. In our everyday life, people cannot move through walls. However, electrons can move through solid walls. In the animation to the right, you can see a faint white puff on the right side of the wall after a big puff hits the wall from the left. That dim spot of light represents the photon or other atomic particle which tunnels through the wall.


Historically, the uncertainty principle has been confused with a somewhat similar effect in physics, called the observer effect. This says that measurements of some systems cannot be made without affecting the systems. Heisenberg offered such an observer effect at the quantum level as a physical "explanation" of quantum uncertainty.

However, it is now clear that the uncertainty principle is a property of all wave-like systems. It arises in quantum mechanics simply due to the matter wave nature of all quantum objects. Thus, "the uncertainty principle actually states a fundamental property of quantum systems, and is not a statement about the observational success of current technology". "Measurement" does not mean just a process in which a physicist-observer takes part, but rather any interaction between classical and quantum objects regardless of any observer</u/l>.

The uncertainty principle came from Werner Heisenberg's matrix mechanics. Max Planck already knew that the energy of a unit of light is proportional to the frequency of that unit of light (formula_2), and that its amount of energy can be expressed in familiar terms such as the joule by using a proportionality constant. The constant he gave the world is now called the Planck constant and is represented by the letter h. When matrices are used to express quantum mechanics, frequently two matrices have to be multiplied to get a third matrix that gives the answer the physicist is trying to find. But multiplying a matrix such as P (for momentum) by a matrix such as X (for position) gives a different answer matrix from the one you get when you multiply X by P. The result of multiplying P by X and X by P and then comparing them always involves the Planck constant as a factor. The number used to write the Planck constant will always depend on the system of measurement in use. (With a certain system of measurement, its numerical value is one.) The slope of the line in the diagram to the right that shows the ratio of frequency to energy will also depend on the system of measurement chosen.

The following diagrams show what happens when we try to measure both location and momentum.

The practical result of this mathematical discovery is that when a physicist makes position more clear then momentum becomes less clear, and that when the physicist makes momentum more clear then position becomes less clear. Heisenberg said that things are "indeterminate," and other people liked to say that they were "uncertain." But the mathematics shows that it is the things in the world that are indeterminate or "fuzzy," and not that it is just that humans are uncertain about what is going on.

Here we will show the first equation that gave the basic idea later shown in Heisenberg's uncertainty principle.

Heisenberg's groundbreaking paper of 1925 does not use and does not even mention matrices. Heisenberg's great success was the "scheme which was capable in principle of determining uniquely the relevant physical qualities (transition frequencies and amplitudes)" of hydrogen radiation.

After Heisenberg wrote his breakthrough paper, he gave it to one of his teachers to fix up and went on a vacation. Max Born was puzzled by the equations and the non-commuting equations that even Heisenberg thought were a problem. After several days Born realized that these equations were directions for writing out matrices. Matrices were new and strange, even for mathematicians of that time, but how to do math with them was already clearly known. He and a few others worked everything out in matrix form before Heisenberg came back from his time off, and within a few months the new quantum mechanics in matrix form gave them the basis for another paper.

Max Born saw that when the matrices that represent pq and qp were calculated they would not be equal. Heisenberg had already seen the same thing in terms of his original way of writing things out, and Heisenberg may have guessed what was almost immediately obvious to Born—that the difference between the answer matrices for pq and for qp would always involve two factors that came out of Heisenberg's original math: Planck's constant h and i, which is the square root of negative one. So the very idea of what Heisenberg preferred to call the "indeterminacy principle" (usually known as the uncertainty principle) was hiding in Heisenberg's original equations.

Heisenberg had been looking at changes that happen in an atom when an electron changes its energy level and so gets closer to the center of its atom or gets farther from its center, and, especially, situations in which an electron falls to a lower energy state in two steps. Max Born explained how he took Heisenberg's strange "recipe" for finding the product, C, of some change in an atom from energy level n to energy level n-b, which involved taking the sum of multiplying one change in something called A (which could be, for instance, the frequency of some photon) produced by a change of energy of an electron in the atom between energy state n and energy state n-a) by a succeeding change in something called B (which could be, for instance, the amplitude of a change) produced by another change in energy state from n-a to n-b):
and discovered something ground breaking:
By consideration of ...examples...[Heisenberg] found this rule... This was in the summer of 1925. Heisenberg...took leave of absence...and handed over his paper to me for publication...

Heisenberg's rule of multiplication left me no peace, and after a week of intensive thought and trial, I suddenly remembered an algebraic theory...Such quadratic arrays are quite familiar to mathematicians and are called matrices, in association with a definite rule of multiplication. I applied this rule to Heisenberg's quantum condition and found that it agreed for the diagonal elements. It was easy to guess what the remaining elements must be, namely, null; and immediately there stood before me the strange formula

Later on, Heisenberg put his discovery into another mathematical form:

The math is a way of describing things that happen in the real world. You might imagine that it would be easy to get both the exact position of something and its exact mass, path, and speed at the same time. However, in reality you have to do two things to get your answer. If you are measuring the position and momentum of a bullet that is stuck in a cliff of a great mountain somewhere, it is a simple matter. The mountain does not appear to be going anywhere, and neither is the bullet. So its position is known and its velocity is 0, so its momentum is also 0. But if the bullet is somewhere between a gun and a target, it will be difficult to get its position at any given time. The best we may be able to do is to take its picture using a camera with a very fast shutter. But a single squeeze of the shutter would give you only one thing, the bullet's position at time t. To get the momentum we might put a block of paraffin in the bullet's way and measure how the block of paraffin moved when it stopped the bullet. Or, if we knew the bullet's mass, we might take a sequence of two pictures, compute the velocity by knowing the difference between the two positions of the bullet and the time between its two appearances. However we do it, we need to measure mass and position and time between appearances. We end up making at least two measurements to get to x and p. In that case we have to choose which measurement to make first, and which to make second. It seems to make no difference which order our measurements are made in. Measuring the bullet's mass and then measuring its positions twice, or measuring the bullet's positions twice and then recovering the bullet and measuring its mass would not make any difference, would it? After all, we have not done anything to the bullet when we weigh it or when we make photographs of it.

On the very small scale when we are measuring something like an electron, however, each measurement does something to it. If we measure position first, then we change its momemtum in the process. If we measure the electron's momentum first, then we change its position in the process. Our hope would be to measure one of them and then measure the other before anything changed, but our measuring itself makes a change, and the best we can hope to do is to reduce to a minimum the energy we contribute to the electron by measuring it. That minimum amount of energy has the Planck constant as one of its factors.

Heisenberg's uncertainty principle was found in the earliest equations of the "new" quantum physics, and the theory was given by using matrix math. However, the uncertainty principle is a fact about nature, and it shows up in other ways of talking about quantum physics such as the equations made by Erwin Schrödinger.

There have been two very different ways of looking at what Heisenberg discovered: Some people think that things that happen in nature are "determinate," that is, things happen by a definite rule and if we could know everything we need to know we could always say what will happen next. Other people think that things that happen in nature are guided only by probability, and we can know only how things will behave on the average—but we know that very precisely.

The physicist John Stewart Bell discovered a way to prove that the first way cannot be correct. His work is called Bell's theorem or Bell's Inequality.

The expression "quantum leap" or "quantum jump" has been taken to mean some great and transformative change, and it is often used in hyperbolic expressions by politicians and mass media sales campaigns. In quantum mechanics it is used to describe the transition of an electron from one orbit around the nucleus of an atom to any other orbit, higher or lower.

Sometimes the word "quantum" is used in the names of commercial products and businesses. For instance, Briggs and Stratton manufactures many kinds of small gasoline motors for lawn mowers, rotary tillers, and other such small machines. One of their model names is "Quantum."

Because the uncertainty principle tells us that certain measurements at the atomic level cannot be made without disturbing other measurements, some individuals use this idea to describe instances in the human world where the activity of an observer changes the thing that is being watched. An anthropologist may go to some far away place to learn how people live there, but the fact that a strange person from the outside world is there watching them may change the ways that those people act.

Things that people do while observing things that change what is being observed are cases of the Observer effect. Some things that people do cause changes on the very small level of atoms and are cases of uncertainty or indeterminacy as first described by Heisenberg. The uncertainty principle shows that there is always a limit to how small we can make certain pairs of measurements such as position and speed or trajectory and momentum. The observer effect says that sometimes what people do in observing things, e.g., learning about an ant colony by digging it up with garden tools, can have big effects that change what they were trying to learn about.

Anthony Henday

Anthony Henday (fl. 1750 – 1762) was one of the first white men to explore the interior of the Canadian northwest. His explorations were for the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) who were worried that La Vérendrye and the other western commanders were taking furs from the northwest to their forts.

Henday volunteered to undertake an expedition into this territory. He came from the Isle of Wight, and was a convicted smuggler and joined the HBC in 1750 as a net-maker and labourer. Henday had gained some experience in inland travel after arriving at York Factory. On June 26, 1754, he set out with a group of Plains Indians. They passed the French Fort Paskoya where he may have met La Corne, the western commander at that time.

In October of 1754 he and his group came to what is now Alberta from York Factory with a mission to meet the Blackfoot and perhaps trade with them. The Blackfoot did not give a clear answer, but Henday decided they meant “no”, so he travelled back to York Factory with news that he had explored the area and had met with the Blackfoot. Since the answer had been unsure, there was no more expeditions to Alberta.

This trip, and later ones, took Henday across much of the prairies of what is now Saskatchewan and Alberta and his journal shows that he brought a lot of trade to York Factory. Records show that some of the trade also went to the French at Fort Saint-Louis (Fort de la Corne) and Fort Paskoya which were on the route to Hudson Bay. He left the service of the HBC in 1762 largely because his efforts for the company, at least in his estimation, had not been properly recognized.

Anthony Henday Drive, a large ring road in Edmonton is named in his honour.


Disney's Hollywood Studios

Disney's Hollywood Studios is a theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort near Orlando, Florida, United States. Its theme is show business, based on Hollywood in the 1930s and 1940s. It was the third park built at the resort. It opened on May 1, 1989, as Disney-MGM Studios.

In 2009, the park had around 9.7 million guests, ranking it the fourth-most visited amusement park in the United States, and seventh-most visited in the world.

The park symbol is The Sorcerer's Hat, which is based on the magical hat from "Fantasia;" it replaced the Earful Tower as the park's icon in 2001 but now both have been removed.

The park has six themed areas. Unlike the other Walt Disney World parks, Disney's Hollywood Studios does not have a defined layout; it is more a mass of streets and buildings that blend into each other, much like a real movie studio would. The park used to have a large Hidden Mickey in the plaza at the end of Hollywood Boulevard which could be seen in aerial photographs of the park and on the park's early guide maps. However, construction and other changes to the park have gotten rid of much of this image.

Hollywood Boulevard is the park's main entrance and is lined with stores selling Disney merchandise. Parades such as the Pixar Block Party Bash travel down Hollywood Boulevard on their route through the park, and live street entertainment can be found here throughout the day. Michael Eisner, who had a major part in the park's creation ever since the earliest development, demanded the opening land operate on the same principle as Main Street, U.S.A. in Magic Kingdom, but in a style more fitting to the Studios.

At the far end of Hollywood Boulevard is the Sorcerer's Hat, the icon of Disney's Hollywood Studios. Behind it, inside a replica of Grauman's Chinese Theatre, is The Great Movie Ride, a dark ride with scenes from several classic movies, including "Casablanca", "The Wizard of Oz" and "Raiders of the Lost Ark".

Echo Lake is the park's small oval-shaped lagoon, which was designed to form one of the ears in the big Hidden Mickey from the park's original layout. Around it are many attractions and services, some in buildings designed to look like the "California Crazy" form of architecture from Hollywood's Golden Age.

At The American Idol Experience, park guests can audition and sing for live audiences, and win a special front-of-the-line pass for the popular TV series' real tryouts. Next door, "Sounds Dangerous!" features a 3-D audio presentation starring comedian Drew Carey. In between them is the A.T.A.S. Hall of Fame Plaza, a display of busts of past and present icons of the television era, such as Oprah Winfrey and Walt Disney.

Echo Lake has three attractions based on characters and movies produced by George Lucas' Lucasfilm studio. "" is an upcoming motion simulator ride set in the "Star Wars" universe, and is a duplicate of the yet-to-be opened attraction at Disneyland. Jedi Training Academy, a live-action stage show, invites children to become "padawan learners" and receive "lightsaber training" from a Jedi master. Lastly, the live-action "Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular!" re-enacts various scenes from "Raiders of the Lost Ark" while illustrating how movie stunts are performed.

Originally the New York Street backlot set that was part of the park's original Backlot Studio Tour, the section was later opened to pedestrian traffic. Recently, some of it was changed to look like San Francisco and New York. The current version of the Studio Backlot Tour features the American Film Institute Showcase, a rotating exhibit of movie props and memorabilia, and a tram ride through the backlot areas and through "Catastrophe Canyon", an effects-laden "movie set." Kids can play on giant plants and toys at the Honey, I Shrunk the Kids Movie Set Adventure, based on the 1989 Disney movie. Added in 2005, the "Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show" is a behind-the-scenes look at how car action sequences are made for movies, and is based on a similar show at Walt Disney Studios Park.

This section of the park was originally the starting point for the tours of the park's active production studios. Its entrance is marked by a square "studio arch," much like a real Hollywood studio lot entrance might be marked. The Animation Courtyard is home to a number of attractions based on Disney characters of yesterday, today and tomorrow. The Magic of Disney Animation is an attraction that shows how to animate a character. It also has games and exhibits, along with meet-and-greet areas for Disney and Pixar characters.

Mickey Avenue, a section inside the Animation Courtyard, has two walk-through exhibits. is about the life and legacy of Walt Disney. It has photos, models, rare artifacts and a short biographical movie narrated by Julie Andrews. At "Journey into Narnia," guests can see props and set pieces from the "Chronicles of Narnia" movie series (originally distributed by Disney; now handled by 20th Century Fox), as well as meet Prince Caspian from "".

The Courtyard section also has two live shows. "Playhouse Disney Live on Stage!" has puppet characters from "Playhouse Disney" shows on The Disney Channel, including Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, Handy Manny, and Little Einsteins. Across the plaza, "Voyage of the Little Mermaid" uses glow-in-the-dark puppets, lasers, music, projectors, human actors and water effects to re-create favorite scenes and songs from the animated "Little Mermaid" movie.

The park's newest section has many of the original soundstages used when the park still made TV shows. Today, Toy Story Land looks like the Emeryville, California campus of Pixar Animation Studios with attractions including Toy Story Midway Mania!, an interactive 3D attraction based on classic carnival midway games, each hosted by characters from the "Toy Story" movie series. Toy Story Land is also the home of Luxo Jr., a six-foot-tall audio-animatronic version of Pixar's desk-lamp mascot. The moving character performs periodic shows throughout the day and evening across from Toy Story Midway Mania.

Sunset Boulevard was the first expansion to Disney's Hollywood Studios, opening in July 1994. The main attraction on Sunset Boulevard is The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, a thrill ride based on the classic television series. Located nearby is Rock 'n' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith, an indoor roller coaster in the dark with three inversions that starts moving at a high speed.

Sunset Boulevard has two outdoor amphitheaters for live stage shows. The covered Theater of the Stars has "Beauty and the Beast Live on Stage", a stage show with scenes from the movie. The open-air Hollywood Hills Amphitheater is the home of "Fantasmic!", a nighttime show with Mickey Mouse and many other Disney characters in a story filled with fireworks, lasers and water effects.

Therocephalia

Therocephalia ('beast-heads') are an extinct group of theriodonts. They lived from the middle Permian into the Triassic 265—245 million years ago, about 20 million years.

The therocephalians are named after their large skulls. Their skulls, with the structure of their teeth, suggest that they were successful carnivores. 

Like other non-mammalian therapsids, therocephalians are sometimes described as mammal-like reptiles. In fact Therocephalia is the group most closely related to the cynodonts, which gave rise to the mammals. 

This relationship shows in a variety of anatomical features, possibly including whiskers and hair. There remain many unanswered questions about the phylogeny, anatomy, and physiology of therocephalians.

The fossils of therocephalians are numerous in the Karoo of South Africa, but have also been found in Russia, China, and Antarctica. 

Early therocephalian fossils discovered in Middle Permian deposits of South Africa support a Gondwanan origin for the group, which seems to have spread quickly throughout the world. Although almost every therocephalian lineage ended during the great Permian–Triassic extinction event, a few representatives of the subgroup (called Eutherocephalia) survived into the early Triassic and continued to diversify.

However, the last therocephalians became extinct by the early middle Triassic. The reasons for their extinction are not known.

Matrix mechanics

Matrix mechanics is the first way that physicists found to express quantum physics in mathematical form. Werner Heisenberg initially developed this form of expression of the laws of physics just as an equation that he could use to predict the intensities of the photons in the various bands of the hydrogen spectrum.<br>

<br>
Heisenberg's teacher and colleague, Max Born, saw that his equation was essentially the plan for creating and multiplying matrices. 
The matrix form of quantum physics is still used since it is useful and convenient for some purposes. Other mathematical ways, particularly Erwin Schrödinger's equation using a wave function, are mathematically equivalent but are easier to use for other purposes. 

One of the early successes of this theory was announced shortly thereafter and is now called the Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle.

Space Shuttle Discovery

Space Shuttle Discovery (OV-103) is the third space shuttle run by NASA. It has flew more missions than any orbiter. It is named after "RRS Discovery". It was retired on March 9, 2011. It has spent one year (365 days) in space. It is now on display at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington D.C.


Narain Karthikeyan

Kumar Ram Narain Karthikeyan is a racing driver. He was born on 14 January 1977 in Coimbatore, India. He is the first Formula One driver from India. He made his Formula One debut in with the Jordan team. In January 2011, he was signed to drive for the Hispania Racing team in the 2011 Formula One season.

Karthikeyan was born to Telugu speaking parents in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. His father was a former Indian national rally champion. He is also related to the late S. Karivardhan. Karivardhan was India's most famous racing driver before Karthikeyan. Karthikeyan finished on the podium in his first ever race, at Sriperumpudur. He then went onto the Elf Winfield Racing School in France. He returned to India to race in Formula Maruti for the 1993 season. He also competed in the Formula Vauxhall Junior championship in Great Britain. 

In 1994, Karthikeyan returned to the UK. He raced in the Formula Ford Zetec series. He also took part in the British Formula Ford Winter Series, and became the first Indian to win any championship in Europe. 

In 1995, Karthikeyan moved up to the Formula Asia Championship. In 1996, he became the first Indian and the first Asian to win the Formula Asia International series. He moved back to Britain in 1997. There he competed in the British Formula Opel Championship with the Nemesis Motorsport team.

In 1998, Karthikeyan made his debut in the British Formula Three Championship with the Carlin Motorsport team. He earned two third place finishes in the final two races of the season, and finished 12th overall. In 1999, he finished on the podium five times, including two wins. His season also included two pole positions, three fastest laps and two lap records. Karthikeyan finished sixth in the championship. He also competed in the Macau Grand Prix. 

Karthikeyan started 2001 in the Formula Nippon F3000 Championship. He became the first Indian to ever drive a Formula One car, testing for the Jaguar Racing team at Silverstone on 14 June 2001. Karthikeyan was offered a test drive in the Jordan-Honda 

In 2002, he moved into the Telefonica World Series. He stayed with the series in 2003, which was now called the Superfund Word Series. Karthikeyan received another Formula One test drive with the Minardi team. He was offered a race drive for the 2004 season. Karthikeyan was unable to raise the sponsorship funds needed to complete the deal. During 2004, he married Pavarna.

He continued in the World Series by Nissan in 2004. Karthikeyan as won championships in British Formula 3, Formula Nippon, Formula Nissan (now merged as Formula Renault).

On 1 February 2005, Karthikeyan announced that he had signed the preliminary deal with Jordan Formula One team. He said that he would be their main driver for the 2005 Formula One season. This would make him India's first Formula One racing driver. His partner was the Portuguese driver, Tiago Monteiro.

His first race was the Australian Grand Prix. Karthikeyan qualified in 12th position and finished in 15th, two laps down. He earned his first points in the United States Grand Prix. In that race, most of the teams pulled over an issue of tyre safety. Only six car ran in the race, and Karthikeyan finished fourth. Other than the USGP, his highest finish was 11th place. 

The Jordan team was taken over and renamed Midland for the 2006 season. Karthikeyan left the new team. On 27 January 2006, Williams confirmed Karthikeyan as their fourth driver. He stayed as a reserve test driver for Williams for the 2006 season. 

On 6 January 2011, Karthikeyan announced that he will drive for the Hispania team in the season, Karthikeyan confirmed the deal via his Twitter page. He said it would "be a dream come true to race in front of the home crowd in the Indian GP in October." He adding that the support of financial backers Tata Group had been "instrumental." 

In the 2007 season, Karthikeyan drove for the A1 Team India. He made his A1 GP debut in New Zealand and he finished 10th in the sprint race and 7th in the Feature Race.
Karthikeyan won the A1GP of Zhuhai (China) for Team India on 16 December 2007.
This was team India's first A1GP win. He also earned the first pole position for India for the feature race in Brands Hatch in 2008. Karthikeyan won two feature races in the 2007-2008 season

In March 2009, Karthikeyan tested for the Kolles Le Mans Team. He joined the team, and was partnered with Christijan Albers. They drove Audi R10 turbo diesel cars.

Karthikeyan made his NASCAR debut at Martinsville Speedway on 27 March 2010 in the Kroger 250 Camping World Truck Series. He drove for Wyler Racing in the #60 Safe Auto Insurance Company Chevrolet Silverado. Because qualifying was rained out, the field set by owner points. Karthikeyan started in the 11th position. He became the first Indian-born driver to compete in NASCAR. Karthikeyan finished on the lead lap in 13th place. Karthikeyan went on to win the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Most Popular Driver Award for the 2010 season. This award is voted on by the fans.

Narain drove for the PSV team in SFL in 2010. He won the 2nd race at Brands Hatch, Great Britain.

 Team results.


 Season in progress.


Diospyros

Diospyros is a genus of about 450–500 species of deciduous and evergreen trees. Most are native to the tropics, with only a few species extending into temperate regions. They are commonly known as ebony or persimmon trees. The generic name is derived from the Greek words διός ("dios"), meaning "of Zeus" and πυρός ("pyros"), meaning "grain" and was originally applied to the Caucasian Persimmon ("D. lotus").

Ebenaceae

The Ebenaceae are a family of flowering plants, which includes ebony and persimmon. The family has approximately 500 species of trees and shrubs in two genera, "Diospyros" and "Euclea". The species are mostly evergreen and native to the tropics and subtropics, with a few deciduous species native to temperate regions. Diospyros contains 450-500 species and a pantropical distribution, with the greatest diversity of species in Indonesia and Malaysia. Euclea contains 20 species, native to Africa, the Comoro Islands, and Arabia. A persistent calyx on the fruits is characteristic of the family.

Robert Mitchum

Robert Mitchum (August 6, 1917 – July 1, 1997) was an American actor.he died of lung cancer at age 79 in California. He was born in Bridgeport Connecticut in 1917

He began his career by participating in small roles in movies The Human Comedy (1943), Follow the Band (1943), Beyond the Last Frontier (1943). Mitchum began to make known after playing the role of pilot Bob Gray, in war movie Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo (1944), from that film began to star in many war movies as Story of G.I. Joe (1945), is Capt. Bill Walker, fighting in North Africa during World War II. One Minute to Zero (1952), The Hunters (1958), The Enemy Below (1957), A Terrible Beauty (1960), The Longest Day (1962), Man in the Middle (1963), Anzio (1968), and Midway (1976).

Two of his best films are The Night of the Hunter (1955), by Charles Laughton, He plays a false Reverend Harry Powell, who marries a widow of Ben Harper, who before he died he hid the loot from a robbery at his home. 
In the J. Lee Thompson thriller Cape Fear (1962), He embodies the role of a former inmate and dangerous psychopath Max Cady who pursues the lawyer who defended him at his trial. The lawyer's role was played by Gregory Peck.

Mitchum also starred in some Western movies Rachel and the Stranger (1948), Blood on the Moon (1948), The Lusty Men (1952), River of No Return (1954), with Marilyn Monroe, Bandido (1956), What a Way to Go! with Shirley MacLaine (1964), with El Dorado (1966) with John Wayne, The Way West (1967) with Kirk Douglas, Villa Rides (1968), 5 Card Stud (1968) with Dean Martin, Young Billy Young (1969). 
With a tough-guy personality into his characters, he was able to work with the greatest directors of film as Robert Wise, John Farrow, Otto Preminger, Charles Laughton, Richard Fleischer, Jack Webb, Howard Hawks and Henry Hathaway. 


Occipital lobe

The occipital lobe is the back part of a mammal's brain. It is the visual processing center, and it is made up of most of the anatomical region of the visual cortex. 

Southcentral Alaska

Southcentral Alaska is a part of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is around the Gulf of Alaska. Most of the people of the state live in this part of the state. Anchorage, the largest city in Alaska, is here. 40% of the people in Alaska live in or near Anchorage.

The area includes Cook Inlet, the Matanuska-Susitna Valley, the Kenai Peninsula, Prince William Sound, and the Copper River Valley. Tourism, fishing, and making petroleum are the biggest businesses.

Other towns include Palmer, Wasilla, Kenai/Soldotna, Homer, Seward, Valdez, and Cordova.

Southwest Alaska

Southwest Alaska is a region of the U.S. state of Alaska. There is no official rule about where it begins and ends.

Southwest Alaska includes a big area that does not have a lot of people or towns in it. It is over from the western Bering Sea coast to Cook Inlet. A lot of it is on the coast. There is also thousands of square miles forests, swamps, and mountains. One of these mountain ranges is called the Aleutian Range. It is part of the Ring of Fire, which means it is on the coast of the Pacific Ocean and has lots of volcanoes. Some of the bigger ones are Mount Katmai, Novarupta and the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes, Mount Redoubt, Mount Iliamna, and Augustine Volcano.

Also in Southwest Alaska are the "Pribilof Islands", "Nunivak Island" and other Bering Sea islands. There is a very large river delta made by the Yukon River and the Kuskokwim River. Further from the coast there are hundreds of miles of highlands. Parts of the Alaska Range are in Southwest Alaska. The Kodiak Archipelago is another group of islands in Southwest Alaska.

Altogether Southwest Alaska is 442,194 km² (170,732 mi²), slightly larger than California.

Southwest Alaska had a population of about 53,000 people. This is less than 10% of all the people in Alaska. More than half of those people are Alaska Natives. About 121 towns and villages are in Southwest Alaska. A lot of them are very small and far away from other towns.

Natives in Southwest Alaska are descended from different tribes, the Yupik, the Alutiiq, the Aleut and the Dena'ina Athabaskans.

In modern times Alaska Natives are organized into corporations. The corporations have the job of speaking for the members. Four of the corporations are in Southwest Alaska, the Calista Corporation, the Bristol Bay Native Corporation, Koniag Incorporated, and the Aleut Corporation. Each one represents a different part of Southwest Alaska.

Most of the land in Southwest Alaska is owned by the Federal government, the State of Alaska, and the native corporations. There is not much of it that belongs to private persons.

The economy in Southwest Alaska is based on three main things. Resource extraction, meaning the removal of natural things like wood, coal, or fish. Subsistence, meaning people who get their own food is another. The third is government spending.

Fishing is important here. There are big boats that catch lots and lots of fish that end up in stores or in food made from fish. There are also lots of small boats where people fish for their own food or just for fun. A lot of the big boats are owned by people who don't live on Southwest Alaska. Kodiak and Unalaska are two of the most important fishing ports in the United States. They make a lot of money from catching salmon, trout, king crab, and halibut. Because so many of the big boats are owned by companies or people from outside Southwest Alaska most of the fish and the money they make from it does not stay in the area.

Hunting and other tourism are some of the other important businesses in Southwest, but only for part of the year.

There is also mining in Southwest Alaska. Most of the time they are looking for gold, platinum, or mercury. There is not a lot of mining but there are a lot of people who do not agree about it. One thing they don't agree on is the Pebble Mine, which would put a large open pit gold and copper mine near where a lot of the fish that are caught in Bristol Bay come from. Right now it is not allowed to drill for oil in Bristol Bay either, but some people in the government want to change that.

Southwest Alaska is one of the best places in the world to catch salmon. There are also lots of brown bears. They come to eat the salmon, as well as berries and other plants. Bear watching is a popular tourist attraction at Katmai National Park and Preserve. This area is also home to a number of caribou herds. More western Aleutian Islands have no mammals larger than a fox. In the summer, lots of birds fly up and make their nests on the tundra here. A lot of the Aleutian Islands have lots and lots of seabirds on them.

There is no way to get to Southwest Alaska in a car. There are roads in the towns and some of them have roads going to another town, but there is not a road going into the area from anywhere else. Because of that people travel by boat or airplane in Southwest if they need to go a long way. The town of Bethel is a place where big boats will come from the ocean. When they get to Bethel their cargo is moved onto smaller boats that go up the rivers. There are many airports as well. Some of them are big enough that big jets can land there, but a lot of them are small. Snowmachines, also called Snowmobiles are used here a lot in the winter. When the rivers are frozen people use them like a road to drive to another town.


Deanna Durbin

Edna Mae Durbin, known as Deanna Durbin (December 4, 1921 – April 17, 2013), was a Canadian actress and singer. She was in a number of musical movies in the 1930s and 1940s, singing standards and operatic arias. Her first movie was in 1936 with Judy Garland in "Every Sunday". She was born in Manitoba, Canada, 4 December 1921 but has lived near Paris since she married Charles David in 1950. Durbin's death was announced on April 30, 2013 in Paris, France from unknown causes, aged 91. According to her social security numbers, Durbin died on April 17.


Colony collapse disorder

Colony collapse disorder (CCD) is an occurrence where worker bees from a beehive abruptly disappear. The exact cause of colony collapse disorder is unknown. However, chemicals, parasites, and "Varroa" mites have been proposed as factors contributing to colony collapse disorder.

Early in 2013, the European Food Safety Authority issued a declaration that three specific neonicotinoid pesticides pose an acute risk to honeybees, and the European Commission (EC) proposed a two-year ban on them. David Goulson, who led one of the key 2012 studies at the University of Stirling said that the decision "begs the question of what was going on when these chemicals were first approved." The chemical manufacturer Bayer said it was "ready to work with" the EC and member states.

Jaime Pressly

Jaime Pressly is an American model and actress. She played Joy Turner in NBC's sitcom "My Name is Earl". She has also starred in numerous motion pictures. The actress was born July 30, 1977, Kinston, North Carolina.

Boris Karloff

Boris Karloff who was born William Henry Pratt (23 November 1887 – 2 February 1969), was an English actor.

Born in London, England. His career began in silent movies. The Lightning Raider (1919), The Courage of Marge O'Doone (1920), The Woman Conquers (1922), The Greater Glory (1926), and The Devil's Chaplain (1929), are only a few movies in which he worked, in the 1920s.
Boris Karloff along with Bela Lugosi and silent movie actor Lon Chaney, played a lot wevil roles in movie, undoubtedly his most famous role is that of the monster in "Frankenstein" (1931), a horror movie that was directed by James Whale.

In 1932 he starred his second horror movie "Behind the Mask" (1932), as Jim Henderson. That same year he obtained a role in "Scarface", with Paul Muni.

He was also in "The Mask of Fu Manchu" (1932), and "The Mummy" (1932), where he played the Mummy. he formed a successful team, with Bela Lugosi in "The Black Cat" (1934), "The Raven" (1935), "The Invisible Ray" (1936). 
The work of John Ford in RKO war movie, "The Lost Patrol" (1934), as Sanders a religious fanatic, in the First World War.

Karloff returned to the character of the monster in "Bride of Frankenstein" (1935), and "Son of Frankenstein" (1939).

In the 1940s, starring some good horror movies as "The Ape" (1940), "The Climax" (1944), and "The House of Frankenstein" (1944), with Lon Chaney, Jr. and John Carradine. 
In 1949, he worked with the famous duo Abbott and Costello, in the comedy movie, "Abbott and Costello Meet the Killer, Boris Karloff", followed "Abbott and Costello Meet Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" (1953). 

In the 60s having a career resurgence, he begins to work with young directors as Roger Corman in The Raven (1963), he plays a wizard who must confront another sorcerer, played by none other than Vincent Price. Another Corman movie, was The Terror (1963).

Karloff returned to work with Vincent Price in The Comedy of Terrors (1963), by Jacques Tourneur.

Karloff appeared in many television shows, including his British TV series, Coronel March of Scotland Yard (1954–56). It was also the host of the American television series Boris Karloff presents (1960-62).

In 1966, Karloff played The Grinch in How the Grinch Stole Christmas. 
Boris Karloff is a guest star, in TV series Suspense, The United States Steel Hour, The Veil, Hallmark Hall of Fame, Jim West, The Girl from U.N.C.L.E., The Red Skelton Show, I Spy.


Eli Cottonwood

Kipp Christianson (born September 30, 1974) is a former American professional wrestler and a former basketball player. He is best known for his time in the WWE where he wrestled under the ring name Eli Cottonwood.

Christianson competed on the second season of NXT. His pro was John Morrison. He was the second rookie eliminated. He returned to NXT in April 2012. He was teamed with Bray Wyatt for a short time. He asked to be released from the WWE in June 2012.

At an independent wrestling show, Christianson announced that he would retire as a wrestler on July 10, 2014.

Christianson came out of retirement in February 2016.

Christianson wrestled on February 14, 2016 in Minnesota at an independent promotion event. 
Christianson hasn’t wrestled since 2016.

Christianson attended River Falls High School and later St. John's University in Minnesota. While attending St. John's, he averaged 20 points and eight rebounds, and in his junior season there, he led the Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference in field goal percentage. During his basketball career, Christian played in several countries, including Lithuania and China. He played in the International Basketball Association and Continental Basketball Association, for both Quad City Thunder and Sioux Falls Skyforce. He attended a camp for the Milwaukee Bucks in 1998, and played for the Dallas Mavericks team in the NBA Summer League. On March 16, 2004, he signed a contract with the Charleston Lowgators.

Kipp Christianson began competing in Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) in 2008 under his real name. In August 2009, his name was tweaked to Eli Cottonwood, and he utilized a gimmick of being recently reintroduced to society from the Kelloggs Sanitarium. He spent most of his time defeating opponents such as DJ Gabriel, Tyler Reks, and Max McGuirk. He soon aligned with Aksana and turned face.

On June 1, 2010, it was announced that Cottonwood would be part of the second season of "WWE NXT", with John Morrison as his storyline mentor. He debuted on the June 8 episode of "NXT", teaming with Morrison to defeat Titus O'Neil and Zack Ryder. Christianson's performance in the "Talk the Talk" challenge on the July 6 edition of "NXT" earned him a clip on the following episode of E! Television's episode of "The Soup" in the "What your Boyfriend is Watching" segment.

Christianson is good friends with Professional Wrestlers Travis Tomko and Corey Graves. 
Christianson has two kids with wife Tabatha. Son Todd Christanson and daughter Clover Christanson.

Christanson currently owns a Yoga/Gym business called Kipp's Life Flip in Las Vegas since June 14,2015-Feb.18,2017. And he currently owns half of Florida Hardcore Wrestling since January 20, 2014.


Morgan Fairchild

Patsy Ann McClenny (born February 3, 1950), better known as Morgan Fairchild, is an American actress. She became famous in the late 1970s and early 1980s. She had important roles in several television series. She also worked in live theater and acted in television comedies. Fairchild was born in Dallas, Texas. She is a board member of the Screen Actors Guild.

Fairchild was married to Jack Calmes from 1967 to 1973. She dated United States Senator and later-presidential candidate, John Kerry, in the early 1980s. She has been in a relationship with movie company executive, Mark Seiler, for over 25 years.

During the early 1970s Fairchild was kidnapped and held against her will on two separate occasions.

Hypoglycemia

Hypoglycemia is when the level of blood sugar is lower than normal. A normal blood sugar level is about 70 to 100 milligrams per deciliter. All of the cells in the body need sugar to do their jobs and to survive. When a person does not have enough blood sugar, their body cannot work normally.

Hypoglycemia can cause many symptoms. Some common symptoms are nausea, feeling hungry, sweating, feeling sad, and heart palpitations (feeling the heart pounding). Bad hypoglycemia can make a person act like they are drunk or have taken drugs. Very bad hypoglycemia can look like a stroke. 

Hypoglycemia can happen to anyone, at any age, but it usually happens in people who are diabetic. It is often a complication of treatment for diabetes with insulin or oral medications. 

Hypoglycemia is treated by returning the blood sugar levels back to normal. Often, a hypoglycemic person can bring their blood sugar levels back up by eating. In the worst cases, when the blood sugar is very low, hypoglycemia is treated by giving sugar water intravenously (through a needle placed into a vein). In some cases, the liver is able to handle the issue by making glucose.

The brain and other parts of the body cannot work without sugar. Because of this, severe (very bad) hypoglycemia can cause serious medical problems (like seizures) or even death if it is not treated quickly enough.

What the Hell

"What the Hell" is a 2011 single from Canadian singer Avril Lavigne's album "Goodbye Lullaby". It was released on January 11, 2011. The song received a 4 out of 5 from About.com, a 5 out of 5 from Digital Spy and a 3.5 out of 5 from "Rolling Stone". It was called positive by Blogcritics, "Frost Magazine", Idolator, and MTV. It was classified as a mixed reaction by Stereoboard.com.

Tyson Kidd

Theodore James (TJ) Wilson (born July 11, 1980) is a Canadian retired professional wrestler that currently works for the WWE as a producer, after retiring from in-ring competition in 2017.

He is from Calgary, Alberta and was the final graduate of the famed Hart Dungeon. He competed in his first match with Stampede Wrestling in Calgary at the age of fifteen in 1995. In the WWE, he was a former member of the wrestling stable, The Hart Dynasty along with David Hart Smith and Natalya.

He married Natalya in June 2013.

On June 7, 2015, it was announced that Kidd suffered a severe neck and spinal injury in a dark match with Samoa Joe on Raw. Kidd announced that he would be out for over a year. Kidd tweeted that 5% of people are able to survive his injury and that he had 16 staples, 4 screws and a rod inserted in his neck. Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" said "It is unbelievable that Tyson Kidd came through as well as he did", and said that most people who survive the injury end up being a quadriplegic.

Aretha Franklin discography

This discography is a list of the albums and singles by Aretha Franklin.

The following singles were released or re-released after Franklin left Columbia.




Nate Dogg

Nathaniel Dwayne Hale (August 19, 1969 – March 15, 2011), known professionally as Nate Dogg, was an American singer, songwriter and rapper. He has worked with a wide range of musicians including Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Mariah Carey and Warren G.

On December 19, 2007, he had a stroke. In September 2008, he suffered another stroke.

He died on March 15, 2011 from complications from multiple strokes. 

Nate Dogg made 3 studio albums during his career:

Disney's Animal Kingdom

Disney's Animal Kingdom is a theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort near Orlando, Florida, United States. It was the fourth park built there, and it opened on April 22, 1998. It is the largest Disney theme park in the world, covering more than . It is also the first Disney theme park to be themed around animal conservation, a philosophy once pioneered by Walt Disney himself. Disney's Animal Kingdom is accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums, meaning they have met or exceeded the standards in Education, Conservation and Research.

Soon after the park opened, Disney advertised the park using the fictional word "nahtazu". It is pronounced "not a zoo". It was meant to state that the park is more than just a city zoo. Disney stopped using the word in January 2006.

The symbol of Disney's Animal Kingdom is The Tree of Life, a sculpted 14-story (145-foot-tall []), tree. The tree is man-made. The leaves are made out of resin. Tourists can walk around the whole park to see all 325 animals carved in the bark of the tree.

In 2009, the park had around 9.59 million guests, ranking it the fifth-most visited amusement park in the United States and eighth-most visited in the world.

The park has eight themed areas. 

The Oasis is the park's main entrance. It has the guest services center and some animal habitats. Guests can see muntjacs, spoonbills, ducks, wallabies and giant anteaters, among others. The main paths lead into the park, and onto Discovery Island.

A Rainforest Cafe is also at the entrance of the Oasis, but it is outside the park boundaries. Guests can eat at the restaurant without entering Disney's Animal Kingdom, while guests entering the restaurant from within the theme park are actually exiting the park and must show their tickets to go back into the park.

Discovery Island is near the center of the park, in the middle of the Discovery River waterway. It was originally called Safari Village, as Discovery Island was the name for the small zoological park in Walt Disney World's Bay Lake. After it closed in 1999, Safari Village was renamed Discovery Island.

This is the "central hub" of Disney's Animal Kingdom, connecting almost all of the other sections of the park, except Rafiki's Planet Watch. The Tree of Life, the park's icon, is here, surrounded by animal enclosures with kangaroos, black crowned cranes, lemurs and others. The park's largest gift shops and two of its major restaurants are on Discovery Island, each with a different design theme, such as decorations based on nocturnal animals, insects and so forth. The island's other major draw is "It's Tough to be a Bug!", a 4-D film starring Flik and Hopper from Disney·Pixar's "A Bug's Life".

Camp Minnie-Mickey is themed as a summer camp. Here guests can meet the Disney characters such as Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Goofy and others. In the area's main theatre is "Festival of the Lion King", a live stage show featuring acrobatics and musical performances inspired by "The Lion King".

Set in the fictional east African village of Harambe, this area has many animal exhibits. Disney's story about Harambe is that it was once part of a Dutch colony, but a peaceful revolution made Harambe independent in 1963. Today, Harambe is the starting point for tourists and students who want to see Africa's animals in their natural habitats.

The village is the namesake of the Harambe Wildlife Preserve, the fictional home of Africa's main attraction, Kilimanjaro Safaris. Guests board an open-sided safari vehicle for a trip to see African animals freely roam through acres of savanna, rivers and rocky hills, including giraffes, hippos, African elephants and lions. On the nearby Pangani Forest Exploration Trail, visitors go into the forest in search of gorillas. Along the way, guests go on a nature walk through an African valley filled with Nile hippos, birds and fish.

The one section of the park not connected to Discovery Island, Rafiki's Planet Watch is instead connected to Africa. Guests board the Wildlife Express Train for the short trip to and from Planet Watch, which has three distinct areas. Guests first see "Habitat Habit!", where they can see cottontop tamarins and learn about the efforts to protect these endangered primates in their natural homes. Along the way, guests can also learn how to provide animal habitats in and around their own homes.

"Conservation Station" shares the conservation efforts supported by the Walt Disney Company. It also gives a behind-the-scenes look into Disney's Animal Kingdom's animal care facilities, including a veterinary examination room complete with a two-way communications system so the veterinary staff can answer guest questions. Outside, "Affection Section" is a petting zoo with goats, sheep and other domesticated animals.

Asia was the first area added to Disney's Animal Kingdom after the park opened. The Asia area opened in 1999. Like Africa, the section's attractions are part of a fictional place, the kingdom of Anandapur (which means "Place of many delights"). Anandapur is made up of two villages: the riverside village of Anandapur and Serka Zong, which is in the foothills of the Himalayan Mountains. Portraits of Anandapur's royal family, the Maharajah and his wife, can be found in most of the businesses within the two villages, and a map of the kingdom, featuring both villages and their location relative to the mountains and river can be found on the wall of the Disney Vacation Club kiosk located there. Much like Harambe, Disney legend states that Anandapur is now a center of animal research and tourism. At the Caravan Stage, these two "worlds" meet in "Flights of Wonder", a live bird show where one of Anandapur's bird researchers educates a tour guide with a fear of birds about natural bird behaviors and the effects of habitat loss and conservation efforts on bird species, such as the Black Crowned Crane and American Bald Eagle.

The Maharajah Jungle Trek leads guests through the forests and ruins outside the village, which are home to many animal species, such as Komodo dragons, fruit bats, tapirs, and tigers. Nearby, Kali River Rapids is a river rapids ride along the fictional Chakranadi River through a rainforest, past an illegal logging operation and down a waterfall. Behind Anandapur is the Forbidden Mountain, the home of Expedition Everest, a roller coaster ride through the Himalayas.

DinoLand U.S.A. is inspired by the public's general interest in dinosaurs. The fictitious Dino Institute attracts those with a scientific interest in the long-extinct animals, while Chester and Hester's Dino-Rama recalls the many roadside attractions that were once scattered throughout the United States. Like the other areas of Disney's Animal Kingdom, there are animals on display.

These animals, such as the American Crocodile and Asian brown tortoise, have evolutionary links to the age of the dinosaurs. Other plant and animal species that have survived since the dinosaur era can be found along the Cretaceous Trail. At the edge of DinoLand U.S.A. is the "Theater in the Wild," which has "Finding Nemo - The Musical", a live-action musical stage show based on the story of the Disney·Pixar feature film.

The Dino Institute is the home of DINOSAUR, a thrill ride trip through time to the Late Cretaceous Period. Just outside the Institute is "Dino-Sue", a casting of a "Tyrannosaurus rex" fossil that is the most complete dinosaur skeleton found so far. At the nearby Boneyard, children can play in a multi-leveled playground area with a mammoth fossil to be uncovered.

Chester and Hester's Dino-Rama, on the other hand, is about dinosaurs as fun. The TriceraTop Spin is a colorful ride for families, while Primeval Whirl is a spinning roller coaster for thrill-seekers. Throughout the area are carnival games and gift shops, as well as chances to meet Disney characters.

The area was sponsored by McDonald's until 2009 when the contract ran out.

Pandora is inspired by the movie Avatar.


Disneyland Resort

Disneyland Resort is a recreational resort in Anaheim, California. The resort is owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company through its Parks and Resorts division and is home to two theme parks, three hotels and a shopping, dining, and entertainment area. 

The area now known as the Disneyland Resort was developed by Walt Disney in the 1950s and for over 40 years was known simply as "Disneyland". When it opened to guests in 1955, the property consisted of Disneyland, its parking lot, and a hotel known as the Disneyland Hotel, owned and operated by Disney's business partner Jack Wrather. 

After doing well with the multi-park, multi-hotel business model at Walt Disney World in Florida, Disney decided to do the same thing in Anaheim and bought a lot of land next to Disneyland. This included buying the Disneyland Hotel from the Wrather company as well as the Pan Pacific Hotel from its Japanese owners. Disney renamed the Pan Pacific Hotel to the "Disneyland Pacific Hotel". After its first publicly known proposal for a second theme park in Anaheim was scrapped, construction began in 1998 on a theme park called Disney's California Adventure Park; a hotel called Disney's Grand Californian Hotel, a renovation, renaming, and re-theming of the Disneyland Pacific Hotel; and an admission-free shopping and dining area called Downtown Disney. During the expansion, the name "Disneyland Resort" was coined to refer to the entire Disney complex, while "Disneyland Park" was coined to refer to the original theme park.

The Disneyland Resort is located several miles south of downtown Anaheim, near the border of neighboring Garden Grove. The resort is bordered by Harbor Boulevard to the east, Katella Avenue to the south, Walnut Street to the west and Ball Road to the north. Interstate 5 borders the resort at an angle on the northeastern corner.

Not all land bordered by these streets is part of the Disneyland Resort, particularly near the intersection of Harbor Boulevard and Katella Avenue, and along Ball Road between Disneyland Drive and Walnut Street. Disneyland Drive cuts through the resort on a north-south route and provides access to the Mickey & Friends Parking Structure, Downtown Disney, and the three hotels. Magic Way connects Walnut Street to Disneyland Drive just south of the Mickey & Friends Parking Structure and provides access to the parking structure, Disneyland Hotel, and Downtown Disney.

Special offramps from Interstate 5 combined with a reversible flyover over the intersection of Ball Road and Disneyland Drive permit easy access into and out of the Mickey & Friends parking garage during peak morning and evening traffic times. The official address of the resort is 1313 South Harbor Boulevard.






Tablet computer

A tablet computer (sometimes called a tablet) is a type of computer that can be carried easily. Unlike a laptop it has no physical keyboard or trackpad, though users sometimes add those things. Users control a tablet mostly by using its touchscreen with multi-touch technology similar to a smartphone. The screen can be anywhere from (sometimes called a phablet) to in size, but many have a screen size of about diagonal.

Almost all tablet computers can access the Internet using Wi-Fi, and many can use mobile phone networks like 2G, 3G, 4G, and 5G. Like smartphones, many tablets have sensors such as a camera and a microphone. Other features tablets have are high definition, anti-glare (with less reflection) displays, a Bluetooth radio (to connect to printers and other devices), flash memory, and cloud storage services to back up information on the tablet and synchronize data.

Science fiction started putting tablets in stories after the middle 20th century. Some companies started making real tablets late in the century. The release of the Apple iPad in 2010 got much attention, and other companies made and sold more.

Compared to laptop computers, tablets are lighter, more portable, have longer battery life, make less heat, and do not need a mouse or keyboard to be connected. Typing is usually done on the touch screen with a "virtual" keyboard which appears on the screen. Many tablets let the user to get reminders even when the tablet is powered off or on standby 

One bad thing is that the "virtual" keyboards are sometimes slow and easy to make typos on. Some tablets can connect to computer keyboards and computer mice to let the user use them in ways similar to a PC. Tablets often have limited storage compared to a laptop.

The majority run a mobile operating system and may not support as many file formats and different types of software as laptops, but they may work with the same kinds of mobile apps that smartphones use. These weaknesses sometimes result in a tablet being used mainly to consume media made by someone else who used a full-service computer.

Spanish Data Protection Agency

The Spanish Data Protection Agency is the national data protection authority of Spain. It is an agency dependant of the Spanish Ministry of Justice that was created in 1993. It is to protect Spanish people's privacy.

This agency ensures compliance of the Organic Law 3/2018 of December regarding the protection of personal data and digital rights and the General Data Protection Regulation. It is in Madrid and it has the power to act in all the Kingdom. Currently the director of the agency is "Mar España Martín", and previously "José Luis Rodríguez Álvarez" and "Artemi Rallo Lombarte".

The Spanish Data Protection Agency is a public law entity with legal personality. It has full public and private capacity to act independently of public administration. It ensures that the owners of the files that contain personal information strictly follow the data protection legislation.
General

In relation to those seeking data

In relation to citizens

Regarding the telecommunication services



Moe Howard

Moe Howard (June 19, 1897 –- May 4, 1975) was an American actor and comedian.

Born in New York, U.S., he began his acting career in theater with Ted Healy. The filmed his first short film with Ted Healy Soup to Nuts (1930). Ted Healy and his Stooges, was a comedy group featuring Ted and Moe more Moe's brother Shemp Howard, Larry Fine and Fred Sanborn. Shemp leaving the group was replaced by the younger brother of Moe Curly Howard. After shooting several shorts for MGM, the group disbanded in 1934. 

The beginning of The Three Stooges debut was in 1934 with the short film for Columbia Woman Haters (1934). The Three Stooges, 190 short films shot between 1934 and 1958

In the late 50's and early 60s, The Three Stooges began making films as Have Rocket — Will Travel (1959), The Three Stooges in Orbit 1962.

In the last years of his career, made appearances on television on "The Mike Douglas Show".

 


Marisa Tomei

Marisa Tomei is an American movie, stage and television actress. She was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She is of Italian ancestry. She has starred in a number of television programs, movies and stage plays. She starred in the comedy "My Cousin Vinny" in 1992. 


Patrick Macnee

Patrick Macnee (6 February 1922 – 25 June 2015) was a English-American actor. 

Macnee was born in London, England. He became an American citizen in 1982. 

Macnee made his movie debut as extra in the movie "Pygmalión" (1938), with Leslie Howard. After World War II, he started making British television appearances in "Morning Departure" (1946), "Hamlet" (1947), "Macbeth" (1947), "The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" (1950). These were all were movies made ​​for television. In 1950, he was in some episodes of the British series "BBC Sunday-Night Theatre", and in 1952 he starred in his first series "Tales of Adventure" as Roger Sudden. "Tales of Adventure" was a Canadian TV series.

Towards the end of 1950, he still acted as a guest on TV programmes in Britain, the United States and Canada. 
Among his great performances as a guest star include series "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Rawhide", "The Twilight Zone", "General Motors Presents".

The big rise to fame came in 1961, playing the role of John Steed, British TV Series "The Avengers". He started in the series as a co-star of Ian Hendry, but Hendry left the series at end the first season. The series remained on the air between 1961 and 1969. McNee returned to play the role of John Steed in "The New Avengers" (1976-1977).

He is also remembered for his voice to the presentation of the Sci Fi American television series "Battlestar Galactica" (1978). In the 1980s, he worked in series such as "Gavilan", "Magnum, P.I.", "Hart to Hart", "Hotel", "Alfred Hitchcock present". He also played role Sir John Raleigh in the TV movie, "The Return of the Man from U.N.C.L.E.: The Fifteen Years Later Affair" (1983).

Between 1990 and 1992, he co-starred in the series "Super Force" as E.B. Hungerford. He played Edward Whitaker in TV series "Thunder in Paradise" (1994) with Hulk Hogan. 

Macnee had a performance as a guest star in a double episode of the series "Kung Fu: The Legend Continues", with David Carradine. 

Among his movie credits include appearances in movies "The Battle of the River Plate" (1956), "Les Girls" (1957), with Gene Kelly, "Incense for the Damned" (1972), "King Solomon's Treasure" (1979), "The Howling" (1988), "The Hot Touch" (1981), "Sweet 16" (1983), and the role of Sir Godfrey Tibbett, in the James Bond movie "A View to a Kill" (1985). His last movie was "The Low Budget Time Machine" (2003)



Larry Fine

Louis Feinberg (October 5, 1902 – January 24, 1975), known professionally as Larry Fine, was an American actor, comedian and musician.

FIne was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He began working with Ted Healy, Moe Howard and Shemp Howard in the mid 1920s in Broadway. In the 1930s, the group "Ted Healy and His Stooges" started. They starring in short movies such as "Soup to Nuts" (1930). This was their first work in movies.

In 1934, the Stooges separated from Ted Healy. Howard and Fine joined with Curly Howard and started working as The Three Stooges. They were the main actors in 194 episodes of the series of shorts between 1934 and 1958. Fine suffered a stroke during the making of "Kook's Tour" (1970). This was The Three Stooges' last movie.


Vaisakhi

Vaisakhi (, (also known as Baisakhi) is an important festival celebrated by Panjabis. It is a very big celebration in South Asia and is celebrated around April 13.

Vaisakhi is the ancient in the Punjab region. It is also the start of a new , and new harvest season. Baisakhi is a Sikh religious festival. It falls on the first day of the "Baisakh" month in the Nanakshahi calendar and Panjabi calendar, which corresponds to April 13 in the Gregorian calendar. In Sikhism, it remembers the creation of the Khalsa at Anandpur Sahib in 1699, by the 10th Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh.

This day is also observed as the beginning of the Hindu solar new year celebrated by the people of Nepal and India in Assam Valley, Kerala, Orissa, West Bengal and some other regions of India. There are regional variation outside of Punjab too. In Himachal Pradesh, the Hindu Goddess Jwalamukhi is worshipped on Vaisakhi, while in Bihar, the Sun-god Surya is honoured.

The festival is celebrated as 

Hinduism and Sikhism have several religious calendars. Some places of worship accept one version and others use a different version. So the festival will always fall on the same day in the western Gregorian calendar.

Curly Howard

Jerome Lester Horwitz (October 22, 1903 – January 18, 1952), known professionally as Curly Howard, was an American comedian and actor.

Howard joinede the group of Ted Healy and his Stooges, in 1932 replacing his brother Shemp. He had to shave his mustache and shave his hair to join the group. The first film shot with Ted Healy and His Stooges was "Nertsery Rhymes" (1933), followed by "Beer and Pretzels" (1933), directed by Jack Cummings. 
In 1934, the Stooges separated from Ted Healy, and started working as The Three Stooges.
Curly Howard, Larry Fine and Moe Howard filmed together 97 short films, between 1932 and 1947.

He made appearances with Moe and Larry in such films as "Fugitive Lovers" (1934) and "Time Out for Rhythm" (1941).


Winston-Salem, North Carolina

Winston-Salem is a city in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It has about 250,000 people. It is near Greensboro, North Carolina. Winston-Salem used to sell tobacco. It is called Winston-Salem because there were two towns, Winston and Salem, that combined.

Winston-Salem is in central North Carolina. Interstate 40 goes through it. It has a mild climate, with hot summers and cool winters. It gets about 40 inches of rain per year. It can also snow in Winston-Salem.

Old Salem is a historic part of Winston-Salem. There people can learn what life was like there around 1800.

R. J. Umberger

Richard Alan "R. J." Umberger, Jr. (born May 3, 1982) is a former American professional ice hockey center. In the National Hockey League (NHL) Umberger has played for the Philadelphia Flyers and he has also played for the Columbus Blue Jackets.

He was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks with the 16th overall pick in the 2001 NHL Draft but did not play a game with them. He also played for Philadelphia Flyers from 2004 to 2008. He played college hockey at Ohio State University. On June 23, 2014, Umberger was traded back to the Philadelphia Flyers along with a 2015 4th round draft pick for Scott Hartnell.


Akureyri

Akureyri is a city in the northeast of Iceland. It is the second largest city in Iceland. It was founded in 1786. As of 2015, 18,191 people lived there. The mayor of Akureyri is Eiríkur Björn Björgvinsson.


Robert Taylor

Robert Taylor (August 5, 1911 – June 8, 1969), was an American actor.

Born Spangler Arlington Brugh in Filley, Nebraska, U.S.. Robert Taylor was one of the greatest figures in Hollywood. His career the most diverse roles from war to historical movies as Bataan (1943), Quo vadis(1951). He starred as a corrupt cop in Rogue Cop (1954). 

Among his best movies include Ivanhoe (1953), Above and Beyond (1952), All the Brothers Were Valiant (1953), The House of the Seven Hawks (1959). 

He plays the legendary Billy the Kid in Billy the Kid (1941), one of the most successful Westerns of all time. 

In 1959 Robert Taylor stars in the television series The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor, He played the role of Det. Capt. Matt Holbrook, in 98 episodes. It was also special guest co-star in the TV movie Hondo and the Apaches (1967).

Taylor died of lung cancer.


Brian Elliott

Brian Elliott (born April 9, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the Ottawa Senators with the 291st overall pick in the 2003 NHL Draft and played 3 seasons with them before being traded to the Colorado Avalanche on February 18, 2011 for Craig Anderson. Brian Elliott has also played for the St. Louis Blues and Calgary Flames.

Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby

Talledega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a 2006 American sports comedy movie that was produced by Adam McKay, Will Ferrell, Judd Apatow and Jimmy Miller and directed by Adam McKay. "Talledega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby" received positive reviews with a 71% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 66 out of 100 rating on Metacritic.



Luscious Jackson

Luscious Jackson was an American alternative rock band formed around 1991. The group consisted of Jill Cunniff, Vivian Trimble, Kate Schellenbach and Gabby Glaser. Between 1993 and 2000 they released one EP, three full-length LPs and ten songs. They disbanded around 2000.

Ossicles

The ossicles are the three smallest bones in the human body. They may be called ear bones or auditory ossicles. They are in the auditory system of all mammals. 

They are contained within the middle ear space and serve to transmit sounds from the air to the fluid-filled labyrinth (cochlea). The absence of the auditory ossicles would cause moderate-to-severe deafness.

The ossicles are, in order from the eardrum to the inner ear (from superficial to deep), the malleus, incus, and stapes. The terms mean hammer, anvil, and stirrup. 


Studies have shown that ear bones in mammal embryos are attached to the dentary, which is part of the lower jaw. These are ossified (turned into bone) portions of cartilage -- called Meckel's cartilage -- that are attached to the jaw. As the embryo develops, the cartilage hardens to form bone. Later in development, the bone structure breaks loose from the jaw and migrates to the inner ear area. The structure is known as the middle ear, and is made up of the incus, stapes, malleus, and tympanic membrane. These correspond to the quadrate, prearticular, articular, and angular structures in earlier land vertebrates.

Green Hornet

The Green Hornet is a vigilante superhero in the world of comic books, etc. Green Hornet has a sidekick named "Kato". Green Hornet wears a green mask. The character was created by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker.


Joanna Kerns

Joanna Crussie DeVarona, better known as Joanna Kerns (born February 12, 1953) in San Francisco, California) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Maggie Seaver in the sitcom "Growing Pains". She has had guest roles on other television series.

Faneuil Hall

Faneuil Hall is an historic place near the waterfront in Boston, Massachusetts. It was built in 1742. It has been a marketplace and a meeting hall. Today it is the city's Government Center. It was the site of several speeches by Samuel Adams and others encouraging independence from Great Britain. It is now part of Boston National Historical Park and a stop on the Freedom Trail. It is sometimes called "the Cradle of Liberty".

Vilfredo Pareto

Vilfredo Federico Pareto (born Wilfried Fritz Pareto, 1848-1923) was an Italian engineer, economist, and sociologist. He made several important contributions to economics; he looked at the distribution of income. Pareto efficiency and Pareto distribution are named after him.

Chuck Connors

Chuck Connors (April 10, 1921 – November 10, 1992) was an American actor, and athlete.

Connors died in 1992 in Los Angeles at Cedars Sinai Medical Center. The cause of death was lung cancer and pneumonia. He was 71 year old.

In his early years he was a basketball and baseball player, playing for teams such as the Boston Celtics. 
Then he was a baseball player, where he started playing in the minor leagues. In 1949, he debuted at the Los Angeles Dodgers, playing only one match for them. On the Chicago Cubs, he playing 66 games at first base.

Chuck Connors did both low-budget movies and big Hollywood productions. These included "South Sea Woman" (1953), with Burt Lancaster, and directed by Arthur Lubin, and William Wyler's western, "The Big Country" (1958), with Gregory Peck.

Among his best performances is the Indian warrior Geronimo, in "Geronimo" (1962). Other classic movies he was in are "Flipper" (1963), "Captain Nemo and the Underwater City" (1969), "Soylent Green" (1973), with Charlton Heston, and directed by Richard Fleischer, "99 44/100% Dead" (1974).

His television career was very successful. he is remembered for playing the role of a widower Lucas McCain, in the ABC series "The Rifleman" (1958-1962). "The Rifleman" told the story of a widower and his son who live on a ranch in the Wild West. Connors played the role of Lucas McCain in 168 episodes of the series. 

Another of his successes was the western TV series "Branded" (1965-1966). He played Jason McCord, an army official being falsely accused of cowardice.

He also starred in a crime series "Arrest and Trial" (1962-1964), as attorney John Egan, and the adventure series "Cowboy in Africa" (1967-1968).



Neve Campbell

Neve Adrianne Campbell (; born October 3, 1973) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her role as Sidney Prescott in the horror film series "Scream". She got her start appearing in the Canadian television series "Catwalk" (1992), before she played Julia Salinger in the American drama series "Party of Five" (1994–2000). She has starred in many films, such as "The Craft" (1996), "Wild Things" (1998), "Panic" (2000), "The Company" (2003), and "Skyscraper" (2018). Campbell also starred as LeAnn Harvey in the Netflix drama series "House of Cards" (2016–2017).

Spyro the Dragon (video game)

Spyro the Dragon is a platform video game that was published by Sony Computer Entertainment. The video game was released for the PlayStation video game system. The video game was released on April 1, 1999 in Japan, September 10, 1998 in North America, October 23, 1998 in Europe and on November 15, 1998 in Australia.

The game got a 8.3 out of 10 from GameSpot and a 9.0 out of 10 from IGN.

It is the first game in the "Spyro" video game series. It is followed by "" and remade as a part of "Spyro Reignited Trilogy".


Bobby McFerrin

Robert "Bobby" McFerrin, Jr. (born March 11, 1950 in Manhattan, New York City) is an American singer and musician. He is probably best known for his 1988 hit song, "Don't Worry, Be Happy". In his musical career he has won 10 Grammy Awards. 
Bobby McFerrin has made 19 studio albums during his career:


Lee Marvin

Lee Marvin (February 19, 1924 – August 29, 1987), was an American actor.

Marvin was born in New York City, United States. He began his career with small roles in western movies such as "Cave of Outlaws" (1951), "The Duel at Silver Creek" (1952), with Audie Murphy, and "Seminole" (1953), with Rock Hudson. He was also in "The Caine Mutiny" (1954) with Humphrey Bogart.

During the late 1950s and early 1960s, Marvin continued to act in small roles in westerns, including: "Seven Men from Now" (1956), with Randolph Scott, "The Comancheros" (1961), and "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" (1962), with John Wayne.

In 1965 Marvin won an Academy Award for the Western Comedy movie, "Cat Ballou" (1965). He played a nice drunken cowboy. 
He acted with Burt Lancaster in "The Professionals" (1966), by Richard Brooks. 

He became well known after playing the role of Major Reisman, in the Robert Aldrich movie "The Dirty Dozen" (1967). That same year, he starred in "Point Blank". 
At the end of the decade from 1960 Marvin had popular movies including "Hell in the Pacific" (1968) and "Paint Your Wagon" (1969), with Clint Eastwood.

In 1973 he had one of his best performances in "Emperor of the North Pole" (1973). He plays a drifter who often stows away on trains. In 1974 he played a sheriff, who must deal with racism in "The Klansman" by Terence Young.

In his later years, he worked with Chuck Norris in "The Delta Force" (1986).

Marvin also had a successful career in television. He was in the television series "M Squad" (1957–1960), as Detective Lt. Frank Ballinger. He was in 117 episodes in this series.
He was a guest star on many series. These include "Wagon Train", "Ben Casey", "Bonanza", "The Virginian", "The Untouchables", "The Twilight Zone" and "Dr. Kildare". He also played the role of Maj. John Reisman, in the TV movie "The Dirty Dozen: Next Mission" (1985).


Pocketful of Sunshine (song)

"Pocketful of Sunshine" is a single by Natasha Bedingfield from her United States record of the same name. The song was a top five hit in the United States. This was Bedingfield's second top five hit in the United States of America. It was released in 2008.

"Pocketful of Sunshine" is a pop song. It uses styles of dance-pop. It runs for three minutes and twenty three seconds. The song is built on an electro beat.

"Pocketful of Sunshine" received generally positive reviews from music critics. Julie Farmer of Blogcritics said it as one of the album's standout songs.

!scope="col" colspan="3"| Ringtone

Ray Winstone

Raymond Andrew Winstone (born 19 February 1957) is a British actor. He made his big screen debut in the 1979 film That Summer. Winstone is also a former professional boxer in the Repton Amateur Boxing Club where he won 80 out of 88 bouts.

Citroën Evasion

The Citroën Evasion was a large MPV produced by Citroën between 1994 and 2002. It is similar to the Fiat Ulysse, Lancia Zeta and Peugeot 806.


Fuck You (CeeLo Green song)

"Fuck You", also known as "Forget You" or simply "FU" for the clean versions, is a song by American recording artist Cee Lo Green. It was released as a single when he was promoting his third studio album, "The Lady Killer".

This song won the Grammy Award for Best Urban/Alternative Performance at the "53rd Grammy Awards" on February 13, 2011.

It reached number one in the United Kingdom and Scotland.

Only Girl (In the World)

"Only Girl (In the World)" is a song performed by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It is taken from her fifth studio album, "Loud". It was written by Crystal Johnson, Mikkel S. Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen from the Norwegian production team Stargate and Sandy Vee. The latter two also handled production. The song was released on September 10, 2010. It was the lead single from "Loud". Critics have praised the song. They praised the strong chorus and musical production. Critics also complimented the choice of song and strength of Rihanna's voice. The song reached number one on the charts of several countries, including the United States, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom. It won the award for Best Dance Recording at the 2011 Grammy Awards.

Kim Cattrall

Kim Victoria Cattrall (; born 21 August 1956) is a British-Canadian actress. She was born in Liverpool and moved to Canada when she was three months old. She holds British, Canadian and American citizenship. She played Samantha Jones in "Sex and the City" on HBO. She has starred in many films. 

Catrall has no children. She was married to Larry Davis from 1977 until the marriage was annulled in 1979. She was married to Andre J. Lyson from 1982 until they divorced in 1989. She was married to Mark Levinson from 1998 until they divorced in 2004. Levinson and Cattrall co-wrote a 2002 book called "Satisfaction: The Art of the Female Orgasm".

Cattrall is a strong supporter of Liverpool F.C.

Christian mission

Christian churches often send individuals, or small groups of people to a foreign country. These people should then convince the local population to convert to the Christian faith. Very often, this couples evangelisation with humanitarian work. The missionaries are priests as well and can administer sacraments, but sometimes they are laypeople. Today, missionary activity often means cooperating with the local church. As an example, the Evangelical-Lutheran Church in Tanzania has sent missionaries to Mozambique.

Missionary work is often criticized for the ways used. Examples are forced baptisms, proselytism, and that during colonial times, there were strong ties between colonialism and missionary work. Sometimes, there is the problem that the moral standards of the societies are very different from the moral standards of Christianity, missionary work will force different standards onto indigenous societies.

Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne de Bienville

Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne de Bienville (23 February 23 1680 Montreal, Quebec – March 7, 1767). He helped colonise North America for France, and was governor of French Louisiana 4 separate times between 1701 and 1743. He is also known as Sieur de Bienville. 

His older brother was the explorer Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville. 




Evolution of the eye

The evolution of the eye is an example of a homologous organ which many animals have. 

Some components of the eye, such as the light-sensitive opsins, seem to have a common ancestry. They evolved once, early in the evolution of animals. They control the conversion of photons into electrical signals. For example, an opsin found in the mammalian retina, melanopsin, is involved in circadian rhythms and pupillary reflex but not in vision.

On the other hand, complex image-forming eyes evolved some 50 to 100 times – using many of the same proteins and genetic toolkits in their construction.

Complex eyes seem to have first evolved in a few million years, in the rapid burst of evolution known as the Cambrian explosion. There is no evidence of eyes before the Cambrian, but many eyes can be seen in fossils from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.

Eyes show many adaptations to meet the needs of the organisms which have them. Eyes vary in their acuity (accuracy of sight), their sensitivity in low light levels, and their ability to detect motion or identify objects. Their sensitivity to wavelengths decides whether they can see in colours, and which colours they can see.

The first fossils of eyes appeared during the lower Cambrian period, about 540 million years ago. This period saw a burst of apparently rapid evolution, dubbed the 'Cambrian explosion'. The evolution of eyes perhaps started an arms race that led to a rapid spate of evolution. 

Earlier than this, organisms may have used light sensitivity, but not for fast movement and navigation by vision.

It is difficult to estimate the rate of eye evolution. Simple modelling supposes small mutations exposed to natural selection. This shows that a primitive optical sense organ based on good photopigments could evolve into a complex human-like eye in about 400,000 years.

The earliest light sensors were eyespots. They are photoreceptor proteins found in protists. Eyespots can only distinguish light from dark. This is enough for the daily synchronization of circadian rhythms. They cannot distinguish shapes, nor decide from which direction the light is coming. 

Eyespots are found in nearly all major animal groups. The "Euglena"'s eyespot, called a "stigma", is at the front. Its red pigment shades a collection of light sensitive crystals. Together with the leading flagellum, the eyespot allows the organism to move in response to light to do photosynthesis, and to predict day and night. These movements are the main circadian (daily) rhythms. 

There are visual pigments in the brains of more complex organisms. They are thought to help synchronise spawning with lunar cycles. By detecting the subtle changes in night-time illumination, organisms can synchronise the release of sperm and eggs to maximise the fertilisation of their eggs.

Vision itself relies on the basic biochemistry which is common to all eyes. How this biochemical toolkit is used to interpret an organism's environment varies widely. Eyes have a wide range of structures and forms. All of these have evolved much later than the underlying proteins and molecules.

At a cellular level, there appear to be two main "designs" of eyes, one possessed by the protostomes (molluscs, annelid worms and arthropods), the other by the deuterostomes (chordates and echinoderms).

PAX6 is the protein which is encoded by the "PAX6" gene.

"PAX6" is a master control gene or "transcription factor" for the development of eyes and other sensory organs. It is medically important because various mutations produce eyesight defects.



Rudolph Boysen

Charles Rudolph Boysen (July 14, 1895 – November 25, 1950) was a California horticulturist. Boysen worked as Anaheim City Parks superintendent from 1921-1950. He created the boysenberry, a hybrid between several types of blackberries, raspberries, and loganberries.

Rudolph Boysen experimented with various berry crosses in Napa, California in the 1920s. In 1923, his hybrid successfully grew and bore fruit. However, unable to make his new berry a commercial success, Boysen abandoned his crop after breaking his back in an accident.

Years later, after he had moved to Orange County, a fellow grower named Walter Knott heard about the berry and tracked down Boysen. Walter Knott was able to bring a few dying vines back to life at his farm, now known as Knott's Berry Farm in Buena Park, California. Knott named the fruit after Boysen.

Spyro (character)

Spyro the Dragon is a video game character from the video game series with the same name, where he is the main hero. He is a purple dragon who goes on missions to help protect his home world which is the Dragon Realms. He is usually followed by a yellow dragonfly named Sparx and in the earlier games Sparx would be Spyro's health bar. His main attack in the games are ramming enemies with his horns. He also has 5 breath abilities: fire, water, bubbles, electricity and ice. 


Spyro 2: Ripto's Rage!

Spyro 2: Ripto's Rage! (known as Spyro 2: Gateway to Glimmer in Europe and Australia and Spyro X Sparx Tondemo Tours in Japan) is a platform video game that was published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was released for the PlayStation video game system on October 31, 1999 in North America, on November 5, 1999 in PAL region and on March 16, 2000 in Japan.

The game got a 8.6 out of 10 from GameSpot and a 8.8 out of 10 from IGN. 

It is the second game in the "Spyro" video game series. It is the sequel to "Spyro the Dragon", is followed by "" and remade as a part of "Spyro Reignited Trilogy".

Concentrate

A concentrate is a special form of a substance, where one of the base components is mostly removed. The most common case is the removal of the solvent from a solution: Fruit juice concentrate will have most of the water removed. The benefit of this is that the concentrate takes up less volume, and weighs less than the original solution. This can save transportation costs. When needed, the solvent can simply be added again.

Biophilia

Biophilia is the musical project and seventh studio album from Icelandic singer Björk. The album was released in 2011.

The album is "partly recorded" on an iPad and was released in the form of a series of apps. The project is directed by Michel Gondry. Björk has described the project as a multimedia collection "encompassing music, apps, internet, installations and live shows". Material from the album debuted in summer 2011 during a series of concerts at the Manchester International Festival.


North Atlantic oscillation

The North Atlantic oscillation is a climatic phenomenon in the North Atlantic Ocean. It controls the strength and direction of westerly winds and storms' tracks over the Atlantic Basin. It was discovered during the 1920s by Sir Gilbert Walker.

Steve McQueen

Terence Stephen "Steve" McQueen (March 24, 1930 - November 7, 1980) was an American actor.

Steve McQueen rose to fame in 1960, starring together with Yul Brynner, in the Western movie "The Magnificent Seven". Three years after that success. He starred in another movie that would become a classic "The Great Escape" (1963), where he plays the role of a U.S. soldier imprisoned in a Nazi Prisoner of war camp.

The 1960s would see more success as McQueen starred in movies as such as "The Cincinnati Kid" (1965), and the action movie "Bullitt" (1968), in this movie he filmed many scenes on the streets of San Francisco, driving a powerful Ford Mustang without using a stunt driver.

In the early 1970s, McQueen had three hits, starring in the movies "The Getaway" (1972), by Sam Peckinpah, "Papillon" (1973), with Dustin Hoffman, and "The Towering Inferno" (1974), in which he plays role of fire department Chief O'Hallorhan, the who led the rescue of people trapped in the building.

Steve McQueen received a four Golden Globe Awards for Love with the "Proper Stranger" (1964), "The Sand Pebbles" (1967), "The Reivers" (1969), and "Papillon" (1973).

He was nominated for an Academy Award for the movie "The Sand Pebbles" (1967).

Steve McQueen starred in the CBS Western TV series "Wanted: Dead or Alive", as Josh Randall bounty hunter, he starred in the series between 1958 and 1961, and recorded 94 episodes.

He was also guest star on the TV series "Goodyear Television Playhouse", "Studio One", "The 20th Century-Fox Hour", "Climax!", "Wells Fargo", "Trackdown".

McQueen died of a heart attack while having mesothelioma-related surgery in Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, Mexico on November 7, 1980. He was 50 years old.



Co-factor

A co-factor (or cofactor) is a chemical compound which is not a protein, but is attached to a protein. The compound is needed for the protein's biological activity. In most cases, the protein will be an enzyme, and the cofactor will help the enzyme work. If so, the cofactors are also called coenzymes. 

Cofactors which are complex organic molecules are often called coenzymes. If connected by a covalent bond they are a "prosthetic group". But if they are just temporarily connected then the cofactor is a "cosubstrate".

Some enzymes need several cofactors. Organic cofactors are often vitamins, or made from vitamins. Metallic ions are often cofactors, but many cofactors have both inorganic and organic parts. 

Connective tissue

Connective tissue is a fibrous tissue. It is one of the four traditional classes of tissues (the others being epithelial, muscle, and nervous tissue). 

Connective tissue (CT) is found throughout the body. It has 3 main components; cells, fibres, and extracellular matrix. 

Connective tissue makes up a variety of physical structures including, tendons, blood, cartilage, bone, adipose tissue, and lymphatic tissue. CT is classified into three subtypes: embryonic CT, proper CT, and special CT. 

Collagen is the main protein of connective tissue in animals and the most abundant protein in mammals, making up about 25% of the total protein content.

Collagen

Collagen is a group of naturally occurring proteins. In nature, it is found exclusively in animals, especially in the flesh and connective tissues of mammals.

It is the main component of connective tissue, and is the most abundant protein in mammals. It makes up about 25% to 35% of the whole-body protein content.

Collagen, in the form of elongated fibrils, is mostly found in fibrous tissues such as tendon, ligament and skin, and is also abundant in cornea, cartilage, bone, blood vessels, the gut, and intervertebral discs.

Collagen makes up 1% to 2% of muscle tissue, and accounts for 6% of the weight of strong, tendinous muscles.

Gelatin, which is used in the food industry, is collagen that has been irreversibly hydrolyzed.

Hurricane Ginger

Hurricane Ginger is the second longest-lasting Atlantic hurricane on record. It started September 6, 1971 and lasted until October 5. The storm struck eastern North Carolina on September 30, causing $10 million in damage. Peak winds were 110 miles per hour during Ginger's life.

Priory Green

Priory Green is a hamlet in the civil parish of Edwardstone, in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England. It has four listed buildings, including Barn to the North of Lynn's Hall, Lynn's Hall, Priory Cottage and Priory Farmhouse. There are also selfcatering cottages in Priory Green.

There used to be a monastery in Priory Green, called Edwardstone Priory. It was stated by Peter, Bishop of Winchester. The site is now Priory Farm.



Sudbury, Suffolk

Sudbury is a town in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England. For transport there is the A134 road and the A131 road. Sudbury is in the Stour Valley.

It is the birthplace of the eigtheenth century painter Thomas Gainsborough

Boxford, Suffolk

Boxford is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England. Boxford has a church called St Mary's Church.

Shelley, Suffolk

Shelley is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England. Shelley has a church called All Saints.

Hadleigh, Suffolk

Hadleigh is a town near the A1071 road, in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England. The name Hadleigh comes from Haethlega (a heath-covered place).

Hadleigh is the headquarters of Babergh District Council, but the largest town in the district is Sudbury

Lavenham

Lavenham is a village and civil parish on the A1141 road, in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England. Lavenham has a church called St Peter and St Paul.

Boxford

Boxford is the name of several places:


Hadleigh

Hadleigh is the name of several places:



Sudbury

Sudbury may mean:





Hutu

The Hutu or "Abahutu" are a Central African ethnic group. They live mainly in Rwanda and Burundi.

The Hutu are the largest of the three ethnic groups in Burundi and Rwanda. The United States Central Intelligence Agency says 84% of Rwandans and 85% of Burundians are Hutu. Other sources have found different statistics. The division between the Hutu and the Tutsi (the larger of the other two groups) is mainly based on social class, not ethnicity. There are no differences in language, culture or appearance between them.

Teenage Dream (song)

"Teenage Dream" is a single from Katy Perry's album of the same name. It was released July 23, 2010 via digital download and received mostly positive reviews from the music critics. The song topped the charts in several countries, including the United States and the Republic of Ireland.

Credits adapted from "Teenage Dream" album liner notes.

William Holden

William Holden (April 17, 1918 - November 12, 1981) was an American actor.

He was born in O'Fallon, Illinois on April 17 1918 and moved to South Pasadena, California when he was three. He was a star during the golden age of Hollywood. He began his career western movies, including "Arizona" and "Texas". Holden starred in "The Man from Colorado" and "Rachel and the Stranger". He won an Academy Award for Best Actor in "Stalag 17". He was also nominated twice more for "Sunset Boulevard" (1951) and "Network" (1976). Among his best works in film highlights "Submarine Command" (1951), "Sabrina" (1954), "The Bridge on the River Kwai" (1957). He starred with John Wayne in "The Horse Soldiers" (1957), and with Richard Widmark in "Alvarez Kelly" (1966). In 1969, he played an outlaw leader, in the Sam Peckinpah film, "The Wild Bunch". In the 1970s, Holden worked in "The Towering Inferno" (1974), and "When Time Ran Out" (1980). He played the role of Richard Thorn, the adoptive father of a child possessed by the devil, in the second film of "The Omen", "" (1978).he died from bleeding from a fall at age 63 in Santa Monica California


Go West

Go West is an English pop duo. They were formed in 1982 by lead singer and drummer Peter Cox (born 17 November 1955, Kingston upon Thames, Surrey, England) and guitarist and singer Richard Drummie (born 20 March 1959, Twickenham, Middlesex, England). While they have had many successful singles in the United Kingdom, they are generally best known in the United States for their hits "King of Wishful Thinking" and "Faithful".

On 16 October 2009, Cox was announced as the new lead singer of Manfred Mann's Earth Band.

Living in a Box

Living in a Box were an English pop band in the 1980s. They are best known for their debut single "Living in a Box". It was produced by Richard James Burgess.





Girls, Girls, Girls

"Girls, Girls, Girls" is a single by the American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe. It is the first single from the album of the same name, released on May 11, 1987 and peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 at #12 and #20 on the Mainstream rock charts. American pop artist Lady GaGa wrote the song "Boys Boys Boys" as an homage to this song.
Mötley Crüe"s first video of "Girls, Girls, Girls" was banned from MTV due to nudity, it was shot at the Seventh Veil Strip Club in Los Angeles. There was trouble when finding a location because most strip clubs did not serve alcohol. The dancers were from mainly the Tropicana which was Vince Neil's favourite club and the Seventh Veil. The song and album were both written during a time when main songwriter Nikki Sixx, and co-writer Dominic Catanzarito were both addicted to heroin.

Jaguar Racing

Jaguar Racing was a Formula One team which raced from 2000 to 2004. It comes from Stewart Grand Prix. Ford bought the team in June 1999 and was to be renamed to Jaguar Racing to promote their Jaguar brand.

For their first season in 2000, the team hired former Stewart GP driver Johnny Herbert and the 1999 Championship runner-up (second place) Eddie Irvine. However, the team only finished in the points twice during the season. In 2001, Herbert was replaced by Luciano Burti, who was replaced four races in the season by Pedro de la Rosa. Although the team got double the amount of points finishes in 2001, including a podium (top three) in Monaco, this did not help the fact that the team did not have the same success as Stewart GP got in 1999.

In 2002 the team got worse, with three points finishes (but a podium in Italy), and a lot of financial (money) issues. Cutbacks were announced for the 2003 season, which included money savings, and a layoff (mass sackings of employees). In 2003, with a improved points system which allowed eight drivers to finish in the points, Jaguar Racing benefitted from this as they finished in the points eight times, with drivers Mark Webber, Antônio Pizzonia, and Justin Wilson replacing Pizzonia for the last five races. 2004 was to be the last season for Jaguar, keeping Webber, and hiring Christian Klien for the whole season. Five points finishes would follow, though financial difficulties would result in the team being bought out by Red Bull, then the team was renamed to Red Bull Racing.

Railway brake

Railway brakes are brakes which are used for the cars of railway trains. The brakes are used to enable deceleration, to control acceleration when going down slopes or hills and to keep the cars standing while they are parked. There are several types of brakes, including vacuum brakes and air brakes.

Sex and the City 2

Sex and the City 2 is an American romantic comedy movie released in 2010. It is the sequel to "Sex and the City". It is set in New York City and the United Arab Emirates. It stars Sarah Jessica Parker, Cynthia Nixon, Kim Cattrall and Kristin Davis with cameo appearances by Miley Cyrus, Liza Minnelli and Penélope Cruz. The movie received negative reviews by movie critics, but grossed over $288 million at the box office, and became the highest grossing romantic comedy of 2010.


Zarqa

Zarqa is a city in Jordan. It is about 25 km east of Amman. It is the third-largest city in Jordan. Hashemite University is a big university in Zarqa.


Trace element

A trace element is present in only a small amount. The amount depends on context.




Ernest Borgnine

Ernest Borgnine (born Ermes Effron Borgnino; January 24, 1917 – July 8, 2012) was an American actor.

Borgnine was born Ermes Effron Borgnino in Hamden, Connecticut on January 24, 1917 to Italian immigrant parents.

Borgnine's first movie work was in a small role in "China Corsair" (1951), followed by "The Whistle at Eaton Falls" (1951). Then in 1953 he would get a role in "From Here to Eternity" (1953). This movie had a very well known part with him and Frank Sinatra fighting. Borgnine won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for his role in the movie Marty (1955), one of the best movies of his career.
His other movies included "The Stranger Wore a Gun" (1953), with Randolph Scott, "Demetrius and the Gladiators" (1954), with Victor Mature and Susan Hayward, "Vera Cruz" (1954), with Gary Cooper and Burt Lancaster, "Bad Day at Black Rock" (1955), with Spencer Tracy, "Run for Cover" (1955), with James Cagney, "Three Brave Men" (1956), with Ray Milland, "The Vikings" (1958), with Kirk Douglas and "The Badlanders" (1958), with Alan Ladd. He worked with Glenn Ford in "Jubal" (1956) and "Torpedo Run" (1958), and Bette Davis in "The Catered Affair" (1956). He played Lucius, in the biopic "Barrabas" (1961), with Anthony Quinn. He then starred in "McHale's Navy" (1964) and has a small role in "The Flight of the Phoenix" (1965). In 1967, he is co-starred in "The Dirty Dozen" (1967) as General Worden. Borgnine co-starred with William Holden in "The Wild Bunch" (1969), he played Dutch Engstrom.

Another of his best work was in "The Poseidon Adventure" (1972), with Gene Hackman. He played Mike Rogo, who helped rescue people from the ship.

His later works include "When Time Ran Out" (1980), "Escape from New York" (1981), "The Genesis Code" (2010) and "Night Club" (2011).

Borgnine has had a large amount of success on television. This includes his work on "McHale's Navy" and "Airwolf". He is also remembered for "Dirty Dozen: The Deadly Mission" (1987) and "The Dirty Dozen: The Fatal Mission" (1988). In these movies, he again played the part of General Sam Worden.

He was a special guest in the series "Laramie", "Wagon Train", "Get Smart", "Little House on the Prairie", "Hallmark Hall of Fame" and others.

Borgnine provided the voice of Mermaid Man (from 1999 to 2012) in "SpongeBob SquarePants". This is the second time Borgnine would work with Tim Conway (Barnacle Boy) in a television series.

In 2006, Borgnine was suffered kidney failure after he was taken to a medical center in Las Vegas.

On the morning of July 8, 2012, Borgnine died at a hospital in Los Angeles, California of kidney failure at the age of 95. He is buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Hollywood Hills, California.


Dušan Švento

Dusan Svento (born 1 August 1985 in Ružomberok, Slovakia) is a Slovak football player now playing as a midfielder for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg in Austrias t-mobile Bundesliga and the Slovakia team.

Before he went to Salzburg he was playing for Slavia Praha in the Czech Gambrinus league (2005 - 2009). In the 2010/11 season he played even as left defender due to many injured defenders in the team.
His first match in the national team was on 15 August 2006 in a match against Malta. He scored his first goal for the team in his fourth match against Wales. The team qualified for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa but due to injuries he was not nominated for the squad.


Indian music

There are lots of different varieties of Indian music. Most of the different types of music are similar to Western music types. Pop, classical, and folk are all included. India’s classical music has a history originating hundreds of years back and is still popular in India today, as religious inspiration or pure entertainment. Girl and boy bands are common in India. Farida Vakil founded one of the first female bands in India, The Ladybirds. Like Africa, India has many different ethnic groups, speaking their own languages, and having very distinct cultural traditions.

The tal, or tala, is a repeating rhythm pattern usually played by the tabla. It usually has between six and sixteen beats. The beats are grouped into small sections in the pattern. The first note in the pattern is called a ‘sam’. It shows the beginnings and ends of improvisation, so it is often emphasized.

The Raga is also a pattern, but it differs from Western scales or melodies. Ragas are sort of a mix of scales and melodies. They have particular ascending and descending patterns. Ragas are used to symbolize the time of day, season, mood or special occasion.

A drone is a note that’s either held or repeated throughout a piece of music. It’s usually the tonic note, the starting note. Nowadays, the drone is played by an electrical box, but traditionally, it is played using the tanpura, which is also known as the Tambura.

Improvisation is when the player does not have a prepared piece or an incomplete piece of music, and they make up notes as they play. Improvisation is recognized as a form of composition.

There are 4 types of structure in Indian Music, Alap, Jhor, Jhala and Gat/Bandish. Each of these has different roles in a piece of Indian music.

Alap is the name for the opening part of a piece of classical music from North India. It is a type of melodic improvisation that includes a Raga in it. Only the singer and the drone can be heard at this point.

Jhor is a more elaborate version of the Raga that is included in the Alap. It forms the beginning of the performance. This comes after Alap and before Jhala.

Jhala indicates the fast-paced ending of the Raga. It is often distinguished by the overcoming of the melodic component by the rhythm.

The Gat, or Bandish is a permanent composition set in a specific Raga. It is accompanied by the Tabla, a drone and melodic accompaniment by a sarangi , violin or harmonica.

Charles Darwin's books

Charles Darwin wrote about twenty books, including the most famous book in biology, the "Origin of Species". The books covered the natural history sciences, now called geology, palaeontology, zoology, botany, anthropology, psychology and evolutionary biology.

The "Origin of Species" is the most important single book in the biological sciences, and its main ideas are well-supported by modern research.

"The Voyage of the Beagle" (1839) and "The Descent of Man" (1871) are also highly important.

Several of the other books were also ground-breaking.


Penelope Ann Miller

Penelope Ann Miller (born Penelope Andrea Miller, January 13, 1964) is an American stage and movie actress. She has acted in numerous movies and television programs. Her father Mark Miller was an actor.

She was born in Los Angeles, California on January 13, 1964. She has been married to Will Arnett from 1994 until they divorced in 1995. She is now married to James Huggins since 2000. With Huggins she has two children.


Order of the Companions of Honour

The Order of the Companions of Honour is a British award given to citizens of the Commonwealth. It was founded by King George V in 1917, as a reward for outstanding achievements in the arts, literature, music, science, politics, industry or religion.

The order is limited to 65 "Companions of Honour". At first 45 members could be from the United Kingdom, 7 from Australia, 2 from New Zealand and 11 from other Commonwealth countries. Foreigners from outside the realm may be added as "honorary members". Membership of the order gives no title, or precedence, but recipients can put the post-nominal letters "CH" after their names.

The insignia of the Order consists of an oval medallion with an oak tree, a shield with the royal arms hanging from one branch, and on the left a mounted knight in armour. The badge's clear blue border bears the motto "IN ACTION FAITHFUL AND IN HONOUR CLEAR". Men wear the badge on a ribbon (red with golden border threads) around their necks, and women on a bow at the left shoulder.




Culture jamming

Culture jamming is a tactic by consumer social movements to either disrupt or subvert mainstream cultural institutions. It is also intended to expose dubious or substandard political thoughts on commercial culture. The tactics of culture jamming include refiguring fashion statements, product image and logos as means to challenge ideas about what is cool.

The term "culture jamming" was first used around 1984. 

Subdomain

A subdomain is the portion shown before a domain name, separated by a dot (.)

For example, a domain might look like this

Whereas the subdomain of this domain might look like this, shown here in bold

Many sites use sub domains for applications such as email, calendars or different languages, including these examples. Subdomains again shown in bold

Domain

Domain can mean:

Tretinoin

Tretinoin is the acid form of vitamin A. It is also known as all trans retinoic acid, or ATRA. As a drug, it can be used used for the treatment of acne vulgaris and keratosis pilaris. The medicine goes under several brand names.

Thunder Bridge

Thunder Bridge is a hamlet near the villages of Stocksmoor and Kirkburton, in the Kirklees district, in the county of West Yorkshire, England. Thunder Bridge is also near the A629 road. The bridge is Grade 2 listed.

RuBisCO

Ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase oxygenase, better known as RuBisCO, is an enzyme that catalyzes the first major step of carbon fixation in the Calvin cycle. Carbon fixation is how the atoms of atmospheric carbon dioxide are made available to organisms in the form of energy-rich molecules such as glucose. RuBisCO splits 6-C molecules into two equal parts.

RuBisCO is very important in biology and ecology because it catalyzes the primary chemical reaction by which inorganic carbon permanently enters the biosphere.

RuBisCO is also the most abundant protein in leaves and the most abundant protein on Earth. It accounts for 50% of soluble leaf protein (20-30% of total leaf nitrogen) and 30% of soluble leaf protein in plants (5-9% of total leaf nitrogen).

Given its important role in the biosphere, there are currently efforts to genetically engineer crop plants to contain more efficient RuBisCO.



Boyle's law

Boyle's law (also called Mariotte's law and the Boyle-Mariotte law) is a law about ideal gases.

The law can be stated as follows:
In other words, the volume of a constant mass of ideal gas at a constant temperature is inversely proportional to the pressure applied on it.

In symbols, the law is:
or

where "P" is the pressure of the gas, "V" is the volume of the gas, and "k" is a constant.

For a given mass of gas at a constant temperature, the product of the pressure and the volume is constant. As the volume decreases, the pressure increases in proportion, and vice versa. For example, when the pressure halves, the volume doubles.

Suppose you have a tank that contains a certain volume of gas at a certain pressure. When you decrease the volume of the tank, the same number of gas particles is now contained in a smaller space. Therefore, the number of collisions increases. Therefore, the pressure is greater.

Imagine you have a gas at a certain pressure (P) and volume (V). If you change the pressure to a new value (P), the volume changes to a new value (V). We can use Boyle's law to describe both sets of conditions:

The constant, k, is the same in both cases, so we can say the following:

Example: The pressure of a gas is 3 atm and the volume is 5 litres. If the pressure is reduced to 2 atm, what is the volume?

∴ The volume will be 7.5 litres.

The law was found by Robert Boyle in 1662, and afterwards independently by Edme Mariotte in 1679.

Dik Trom

Dik Trom is the main character in a series of five children’s books written in the Dutch language. The author, C.Joh. Kieviet wrote the first book in 1891. It was called “Uit het leven van Dik Trom” (“From the life of Dik Trom”). The books became extremely popular and they continue to be very popular today, more than 100 years after they were written.

Dik Trom was a naughty boy who got up to lots of tricks with his friends. However, he is a very honest boy and he is very kind, so the readers like him.

Dik Trom lived in the village of Hoofddorp in the Harlemmermeer in the north of Holland. This is the village where the author grew up, so he was setting the stories in his own village, and based a lot of the characters on real people he had known.

Dik’s real name was “Dirk”. This is a common Dutch name. Dirk was very fat, even as a boy, so he soon became known as “Dik” (the Dutch word “dik” means “fat”). The word “trom” means “drum” so his name really means “Fat Drum”.

Dik’s parents love him very much, but they are no good at disciplining him. When he does something naughty his father just says: “‘t is toch een bijzonder kind - dat is-ie” (“he’s a really special child, that he is”).

Dik is always brave, he is never a coward. His friends want to go and annoy a little old lady, but Dik persuades them to go and annoy the village policeman, and he has a leading role in that adventure.

Another adventure tells how Dik said he could ride a donkey without falling off. The donkey belonged to the village merchant, and it was a stubborn beast that always tried to throw off its riders. Dik managed to stay on by sitting backwards on the donkey and holding on to its tail. This is how Dik is usually seen in pictures, and there is a statue of him in the village of Hoofddorp which shows him on the donkey.

Kieviet found it difficult at first to find a publisher for his book, because the main character was naughty. Once it had appeared in a second edition with some illustrations it became very popular, and Kieviet followed it with four other books about Dik, and one about Dik’s son. Eight films have been made about Dik Trom, the most recent in 2010.



Uranium-235

Uranium-235 is a radioactive isotope of uranium. Uranium-235 has 143 neutrons, 92 protons, and an isotope mass of 235.0439299. Uranium-235 has Pa, Np, and Pu as its parent isotopes. As it decays, it produces Th. Uranium-235 has a half-life of 703.8 million years. Uranium-235 makes up about 0.72% of natural uranium. When it is separated from the other uranium isotopes, it is called enriched uranium. The main use for enriched uranium is in Nuclear reactors. 

Enriched uranium is best known for its use in the bombing of Hiroshima on August 6, 1945. The bomb called Little Boy used Uranium-235. Uranium-235 can be used for nuclear fission. This fission is about 504.81 barns for slow thermal neutrons and 1 barn for fast thermal neutrons. Uranium-235 was discovered in 1935 by Arthur Jeffrey Dempster.

Eddie Gustafsson

Douglas Edward Alexander "Eddie" Gustafsson McIntosh (born 31 January 1977) is a Swedish former football player.

He started playing football in 1983 with IFK Stockholm. He played afterwards for IFK Stockholm, IFK Norrköping, Molde FK, Ham-Kam and Lyn Oslo. 2009 he signed for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg. On April 18th, 2010 he was injured severely during the away match versus LASK Linz and took 317 days to recover.




Broderick Crawford

William Broderick Crawford (December 9, 1911 – April 26, 1986) was an American actor.

Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S., his first film was "Woman Chases Man" (1937). He was in "Beau Geste" (1939), a classic starring Gary Cooper.
His got an Academy Award and a Golden Globe in 1950 for his role in the 1949 movie "Decepción", directed by Robert Rossen.

In the 1950s he worked with Glenn Ford in "Convicted" (1950, directed by Henry Levin), "Human Desire" (1954, directed by Fritz Lang) and the western classic "The Fastest Gun Alive" (1956), where he played a gunslinger who wants to prove he is the fastest gun.

He starred in the famous Italian film directed by Federico Fellini, "Il bidone" (1955). 

In 1966 he co-starred with Audie Murphy in "The Texican" (1966). In 1970 he starred in "Ransom Money", where he played a police inspector who led the rescue of a child who was kidnapped by a gang.

He narrated the film "The Candidate" (1972) and starred "Terror in the Wax Museum" (1973), a horror film starring Ray Milland and John Carradine. Towards the end of the 1970s, he had a great performance in the film "The Private Files of J. Edgar Hoover" (1977), directed by Larry Cohen.

Crawford starred in "Highway Patrol" (1955-1959). He played Chief Dan Mathews, an experienced highway police chief.

Crawford also worked on films for television such as "The Challenge" (1970), "The Phantom of Hollywood" (1974), "Look What's Happened to Rosemary's Baby" (1976), and "Mayday at 40,000 Feet!" (1976).

Crawford was a special guest star in "Rawhide", "The Virginian", "The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.", "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", "Cimarron Strip", "Banacek", "Vega$", "Fantasy Island", and others.


Peter Graves

Peter Graves (March 18, 1926 – March 14, 2010) was an American actor. 

His mother was of German ancestry; his father of Norwegian. 

In the early years of his career he starred in sci fi movies such as "Red Planet Mars" (1952), "Killers from Space" (1954), and some low-budget western movies, including "Fort Defiance" (1951) and "Fort Yuma" (1955). He played Morgan Earp, in "Wichita" (1955), with Joel McCrea and directed by Jacques Tourneur. 
Peter Graves won the role of traitor prisoner Sgt. Price in the movie "Stalag 17" (1953), directed by Billy Wilder and starring William Holden. Another of his movies was "The Night of the Hunter" (1955), with Robert Mitchum.

Other movies include "Texas Across the River" (1966), with Dean Martin, "The Ballad of Josie" (1967), "The Five Man Army" (1969), where he leads a group of mercenaries in Mexico.
In 1980s he plays a crazy pilot, in the comedy movie "Airplane!" (1980) "and Airplane II: The Sequel" (1982). 
His last movie was "Addams Family Values" (1993).

In 1967 Graves replaced Steven Hill in the CBS television series Mission: Impossible. He played the role Jim Phelps leader of a group of spies. He worked on the series from 1967 until 1973. He returned later to make "Mission: Impossible 1988".

He also had a relative success in the series "Fury" (1955-1960), "Whiplash" (1961), and "Court Martial" (1965-1966).

Her performances include specials such as "Hallmark Hall of Fame", "Fireside Theatre", "Celebrity Playhouse", "Matinee Theatre", "Cavalcade of America", "Disneylandia", "The Red Skelton Show".


Personal grooming

Personal grooming, also called titivating and preening, is the art of cleaning and grooming parts of the body.

Grooming in humans is usually done in the bathroom, for the hair. Things such as washing and cleaning the hair, combing it and taking out the tangles, and styling. It can also include shaving, done by a man to cut his beard short. However, sometimes the beard can be groomed as well, and washed and grown.

Animals usually clean their fur, feathers or other skin coverings. This is also a form of hygiene. Taking out other objects such as insects, leaves, dirt or twigs, are all forms of grooming. Among animals, birds spend a lot of time preening their feathers. They do this to remove ectoparasites, keep them in good condition, and waterproof them. Felidae cats are well known for their grooming, which they usually do by licking themselves. One of the reasons this is done is to remove all the scent on them so that they will not attract any predators. Cats groom so much that they often produce hairballs from the fur they accidentally swallow.

In humans, mutual grooming is done to become more close to each other emotionally.

Firework (song)

"Firework" is a 2010 song by Katy Perry from her second major-label album, "Teenage Dream". It was released on October 26, 2010. The song received a good review by music critics and claimed the top spot on "Billboard" Hot 100. The single hit top 5 on twenty charts worldwide. It reached the top three in most of the countries where it charted, including Australia and the UK. It topped charts in the US, Canada, and New Zealand. In the US, it was Perry's fourth number-one song altogether and the third in a streak of five number-ones. At the 2012 Grammy Awards, "Firework" was nominated for Record of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance.

The song was certified Diamond in the US for shipments of over 10 million copies in that country alone.

"Firework" was written by Perry, Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, Sandy Wilhelm, and Ester Dean while produced by Stargate and Sandy Vee at Soapbox Studios in Atlanta, Georgia. It was recorded at Roc the Mic Studios in New York City. It was mixed at The Bunker Studios by Vee. Audio engineering was done by Carlos Oyandel and Damien Lewis. All instruments were done by Stargate and Vee. Lead and background vocals were provided by Perry. Perry said that "Firework" is her favorite song on "Teenage Dream".

The video for the song features people in different situations that show their bravery. For example, there is a young child battling cancer, a woman who is at first shy of wearing a bathing suit, and a man who is unsure of his sexuality. Perry sings that they are all "fireworks" and are brave for fighting through their issues. The video has received over 1.077 billion views on YouTube as of January 2018.


Man's Place in Nature

Evidence as to Man's Place in Nature is an 1863 book by Thomas Henry Huxley, in which he gives evidence for the evolution of man and apes from a common ancestor. 

It was the first book devoted to the topic of human evolution, and discussed much of the anatomical and other evidence. Backed by this evidence, the book said that evolution applied as fully to man as to all other life.

In the 18th century Linnaeus and others had classified man as a primate, but without drawing evolutionary conclusions. 

It was Lamarck, the first to develop a coherent theory of evolution, who discussed human evolution in this context. 

Robert Chambers in his anonymous "Vestiges" also clearly made the point.

The book came five years after Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace announced their theory of evolution by means of natural selection, and four years after the publication of Darwin's "Origin of Species". In the "Origin" Darwin had deliberately avoided tackling human evolution, except for a sentence: "Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history". Darwin's sequel came eight years later, with "The Descent of Man, and Selection in relation to Sex" (1871).

I. "On the natural history of the man-like Apes" p1–56. This contains a summary of what was known of the great apes at that time.

II. "On the relations of Man to the lower animals" p57–112. This chapter and its addendum contained most of the controversial material, and is still important today.

III. "On some fossil remains of Man" p119–159. A neanderthal skull-cap and other bones had been found, and various remains of early "Homo sapiens". Huxley compares these remains with existing human races.

Bruno Mars

Peter Gene Hernandez (born October 8, 1985), known by his stage name Bruno Mars, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actor, and dancer.

After an unsuccessful stint with Motown, Mars signed with Atlantic Records in 2002. He became recognized as a solo artist after lending his vocals and co-writing the hooks for the songs "Nothin on You" by B.o.B, and Billionaire by Travie McCoy. He also helped write the hits "Right Round" by Flo Rida featuring Kesha, "Wavin' Flag" by K'naan, and "Fuck You" by Cee Lo Green, also known as "Forget You". In October 2010, he released his album, "Doo-Wops & Hooligans". The album reached number three on the "Billboard" 200 chart. He was nominated for seven Grammys at the 53rd Grammy Awards, winning Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for "Just the Way You Are". His singles "Just the Way You Are", "Nothin' on You", "Grenade", "Locked Out of Heaven", "When I Was Your Man", "The Lazy Song", "It Will Rain", "24K Magic", and "Finesse" have all reached the top five of the US "Billboard" Hot 100, with the first five reaching number one.

Mars has sold 10 million albums around the world.

In 2013, his song "Locked Out of Heaven" was nominated for a Grammy Award. He was featured on British producer Mark Ronson's song "Uptown Funk!", which became the number-one song of the year 2015 and the 2010s decade in the United States. It spent 14 weeks at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Uptown Funk" won a Grammy Award for Record of the Year.

Mars co-wrote the song "All I Ask" from English singer-songwriter Adele's third studio album "25" (2015). In 2016, Mars released the single "24K Magic" (pronounced "twenty-four-karat magic") from his album, also called "24K Magic". It has reached the top five of the "Billboard" Hot 100. The second single from "24K Magic", "That's What I Like", became Mars' seventh number-one song on the Hot 100. A remix of the "24K Magic" song "Finesse", featuring rapper Cardi B, was released in January 2018 and reached the top five around the world.

In 2021, Mars collaborated with recording artist Anderson .Paak on the song "Leave the Door Open" as the duo Silk Sonic. The song became Mars' eighth and Paak's first number-one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Peter Gene Hernandez was born on October 8, 1985, in Honolulu, Hawaii. He was raised in the Waikiki neighborhood of Honolulu. He is the son of Peter Hernandez and Bernadette "Bernie" San Pedro Bayot (died June 1, 2013). His father is of half Puerto Rican and half Jewish (from Hungary and Ukraine) ancestry and is originally from Brooklyn, New York. Mars' mother immigrated to Hawaii from the Philippines as a child and was a Filipino.

At the age of six, in 1991, Mars appeared on "The Arsenio Hall Show" as an Elvis Presley impersonator. After performing many times in his hometown throughout his childhood, he decided to pursue a musical career and moved to Los Angeles after graduating from high school.

As a child, he was influenced by artists such as Elvis Presley and Michael Jackson and would often try to sing like these artists. Mars also incorporates reggae and Motown inspired sounds into his work. Jon Caramanica of "The New York Times" referred to Mars as "one of the most versatile and accessible singers in pop."



Mars has won 15 Grammys (10 solo, four as part of Silk Sonic, and one as part of The Smeezingtons) from 35 nominations.


Space Shuttle Endeavour

Space Shuttle Endeavour (OV-105) was the fifth space shuttle run by NASA. It replaced the Space Shuttle Challenger. Endeavour was named after Captain James Cooks's ship, HMS Endeavour. It made 25 trips into space, travelling about 123,000,000 miles. It is now on display at the California Science Center.


Woodruff

Woodruff ("Galium odoratum") is a plant used for herbical medicine. It grows to 30-50 cm long.

Dried woodruff is used in potpourri and as a moth deterrent. It is also used in Germany, to flavour May wine, syrup for beer, brandy, sausages, jelly, jam, a soft drink (Tarhun), ice cream, and tea. In Germany it is also used to flavour Sherbet (powder). Mixed with German "corn schnapps" (alternative: vodka), it is a popular drink among people at parties. It is also called "Korn Brause" or "Korn ahoi". Also, Waldmeister flavoured jelly made from vodka is popular at parties too.

Sudo

The sudo command is a program for Unix-like operating systems like Linux distributions. It allows users to run programs as another user. The "su" portion is sometimes described as substitute user, super user, or switch user. 

The sudo command gives the administrator the option of allowing certain users access to otherwise disallowed commands on a granular level. This power must be carefully administered as it could potentially allow users to make changes to files that could cause serious damage to other users' files as well as damaging the operating system itself.

The sudo command is used from the command line.

For example: Imagine a system has three users: student, JOE, and BOB.

JOE wants to know what files are in BOB's home directory. As one would expect, unless given rights through other means, JOE will be denied:

If JOE is in the sudoer file, she can use the sudo command to run the ls command as if she were BOB:

If JOE is not in the sudoers file, she will be denied:

Another example, to delete a file (e.g. Example.php) normal users do not typically have permissions for, the user can type:

When the password is entered correctly (assuming proper entries in the sudoers file), the computer would then run the command.

Programs with a graphical user interface can also be run with sudo, but it may mess them up. Various desktops for Unix-like systems usually have their own version of sudo for such programs.

Castling's Heath

Castling's Heath is a hamlet in the civil parish of Groton, in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England. It has three listed buildings, including Castling's Hall, Castling's Heath Cottage and Manor Farmhouse. There is also Dove Barn in Castling's Heath for weddings.

Neuroblastoma

Neuroblastoma is a kind of cancer that usually occurs in children and infants. This kind of cancer mostly affects the Autonomic nervous system. The cancer creates tumors, but the cells or pieces of the tumors do not fully finish growing. There are about 650 cases per year in the United States. About half of these cases occur in children younger than two years old. The tumors can grow from any neural crest element of the sympathetic nervous system. Most of the time, it comes from one of the adrenal glands. It can also start growing in nerve tissues in the neck, chest, abdomen, or pelvis.

Neuroblastoma is one of the few malignant types of cancer that sometimes goes away on its own, for no obvious reason. 

The illness can have many different forms. There are three risk categories (types): low, intermediate (medium), and high risk. Low-risk disease is most common in infants, who usually get better, though they may need to have surgery. High-risk disease is very difficult for doctors to make better.

Esthesioneuroblastoma, which is also called "olfactory neuroblastoma", comes from the olfactory epithelium and doctors are still not sure what type of cancer it is. It is not a cancer of the sympathetic nervous system, and is not the same thing as neuroblastoma.

Navigator

Navigator means more than one thing.


Alfa Romeo 156

The Alfa Romeo 156 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It replaced the Alfa Romeo 155 in late 1997 and was replaced by the Alfa Romeo 159 in late 2005. The Sportwagon was added in 2000 and received a new dashboard in 2002. The exterior was facelifted in 2003. It was the first car to feature hidden rear door handles, a design feature first seen on the Nissan Pathfinder SUV, an idea which has since been copied by other brands. 


Engelbert Humperdinck (composer)

Engelbert Humperdinck (1 September 1854 – 27 September 1921) was a German composer. Today, he is seen as part of the Romantic movement. Most people remember him for his opera, "Hänsel und Gretel" which was first performed in 1893.

British singer, Arnold George Dorsey (born 1936), uses the name "Engelbert Humperdinck" as his stage name. He wanted the name to make him seem more cultured and refined.

Solar power plant

A solar power plant is based on the conversion of sunlight into electricity, either directly using photovoltaics (PV), or indirectly using "concentrated solar power" (CSP). Concentrated solar power systems use lenses, mirrors, and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. Photovoltaics converts light into electric current using the photoelectric effect. The largest photovoltaic power plant in the world was the 354 MW installation located in the Mojave Desert, California. Other large CSP plants include the 250 MW Agua Caliente Solar Project in Arizona, the Solnova Solar Power Station (150 MW, 250 MW when finished), and the Andasol solar power station (150 MW), both in Spain.

Concentrated solar power plants first appeared in the 1980s. Solar power is increasingly used.

The solar power plant is based on the conversion of sunlight into electricity. As the use of solar energy has been increased nowadays. Not only we save the electricity with the help of a solar power plant but it also contributes towards the environment. It converts solar energy into electricity either directly using photovoltaics. 

It is in great use as it is least expensive and provides electricity with sunlight. The utilization of these products is increasing day by day after knowing the importance of solar energy use. the government is also taking initiatives to aware the people about solar products by introducing incentive schemes. 

Installing solar power plant is quite beneficial in every aspect not only your pocket but the entire globe. This solar equipment is used in an active manner and converts the solar energy into a useable form which can be used for powering all sort of appliances. 

Concentrated solar power system use mirrors, lenses and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. The photoelectric effect coverts the light into electric current. All the countries all over the globe have decided to bring the solar products into great use. 

As everyone is aware nowadays to contribute towards the globe, our environment with the help of solar energy. Apart from this, it is a one-time investment and there will no longer need to spend on heavy electricity cost again and again. 


Jersey (disambiguation)

Jersey is an island in the English Channel.

Other places:

Things:

Other:

Steampunk

Steampunk is a style of fiction having to do with a semi-fictional world where old machinery from the Victorian 19th century is still being used. Technologies that were new or important to the Victorians, such as steam power, clockwork or electricity, are big themes in steampunk.

Important influences on steampunk are the Victorian "scientific romances", the first science fiction novels. Authors like Jules Verne and H.G. Wells are still very popular. Modern novels often cross-over with Goth and vampire themes.

The fictional style has become an active 'scene' where steampunks dress in costume and attend meetings or conventions. This costume is a large part of the scene. Many steampunks spend lots of time sewing their own outfits, or collecting accessories such as hats and goggles. The "Maker" movement involves many people who are both Makers and steampunks. They make Contraptions, fanciful devices as either art or a pretended function. Some of these contraptions are as large as cars, buses or even a steam-powered mobile house.

Sometimes this aspect is expanded to include cultural ideas of the 19th and early 20th century, such as small items like clothing and accessories, or large objects such as locomotives (trains) or machines that had not even been invented yet, like airplanes. 

Sometimes steampunk is used in stories to give a rough, gritty feel. This is typical of American steampunk stories, where many stories are set around the Old West or the American Civil War. 

British steampunk is a contrast to this. Instead it considers Victorian society as a more polite society and tries to re-create a world of politeness, etiquette and distinctions between classes.

Neither flavour of steampunk cares too much about historical accuracy. The purpose is to have fun, not to accurately re-enact a period of real history.

Steampunks are very fond of particular machines and these keep re-appearing as themes in fiction or in costume.

For ladies 

The word "steampunk" is made of the root words "steam" and "punk".

A well-known science-fiction author William Gibson, wrote books in the early 1980s that created the "cyberpunk" style. Later he, and the writer Bruce Sterling, wrote one of the early steampunk novels "The Difference Engine". This book was popular and readers looked for a term to describe this new style. They chose "steampunk", from "steam" and "cyberpunk".

An alternate story is that the term was coined by writer K.W. Jeter in a letter to Faren Miller at "Locus" magazine.

There are several related styles that have grown from steampunk. These usually have names ending in "-punk". The best known is "Dieselpunk", which is set in the 1930s. Like the Steampunk fondness for Victorian steam machines, Dieselpunks like the Modernist style of the 1930s, with polished aluminium aircraft and petrol or diesel engines.

Another variety is set in the American frontier during the late 19th century. The American 1960s television series "Wild Wild West" is a good example of this.

Paranormal steampunk includes legendary creatures such as werewolves or vampires and mixes horror with steampunk.





Jersey (fabric)

Jersey is a type of fabric which is mainly used for clothing. Originally it was made of wool, but today other materials, such as cotton or synthetic fibers are also used. Since the Middle Ages, the island of Jersey exported a lot of knitted goods; the fabric used became well-known under the name. 

Brown hair

Brown hair, also called brunette hair, is the second most common hair color. It varies from light brown to black. People with brown or black hair are known as brunettes. Brown hair is common in Indo European and West Eurasian people. However, people with brown or black hair are found all across the world.

Joy Behar

Joy Behar is an American actress, comedian and writer. She co-hosts the television program "The View" on ABC. Behar has been in a number of movies and other television programs. She currently hosts "The Joy Behar Show". She was born October 7, 1942.

Jersey (clothing)

In sport, a jersey is a shirt worn by a member of a team, often with the wearer's name and team number as well. Many Cycling jerseys of specific colour or pattern represent certain statuses in cycling, such as the "maillot jaune" (yellow jersey) of the leader of the Tour de France, or the rainbow jersey. The World Cycling Union also says a champion must wear the champions jersey in a race, not the team jersey. Cycling jerseys are usually made of special synthetic material to help sweat away from the skin. The main garment of an ice hockey uniform, which was traditionally called a sweater, is increasingly known as a hockey jersey. This garment, along with basketball jerseys which are usually sleeveless and baseball jerseys which are usually button up, have become fashion accessories.

In some sports, such as baseball, basketball, and American football, a player's jersey may be "retired". When a jersey is retired that player's jersey is placed usually where the team plays in honour of that player's accomplishment. The retiring of a jersey at one time included the retiring of the number on the player's jersey leaving it unavailable for future players, to further honour that player. However, as jerseys are usually double digit (00-99), that leaves only 100 possible numbers—if the rules of the sport allow it. For example, in U.S. college basketball, only 36 distinct numbers are possible, as rules prohibit the use of any digits greater than 5. As such the practice of retiring the number has dwindled, and in most cases only the specific jersey is retired and put on display.

It is common for Australian and South African year 12 students and year 13 students in New Zealand to receive personalised jerseys during their last year at school. These are commonly referred to as a year 12 or leavers' jumpers. They are based on the design of a sport jersey (usually Australian Rules Football or Association Football), feature school colours, the year the students graduate, and a personalised nickname. They are usually worn over the normal school uniform. It is common for students to get personalised names on the back of their jerseys.

In Australia there has been a recent trend with many students now preferring to get year 12 hoodies, jackets or baseball varsity style jackets instead of the traditional jerseys.

Jersey, in the Channel Islands, was famous for its knitting trade in medieval times, and because of that original fame, the name jersey is still applied to many forms of knitted fabric, round or flat. The traditional jersey, and traditional guernsey, are dyed a navy blue colour, using a dye that does not require stripping the wool of its natural oil, rendering these sweaters surprisingly water resistant. The wool used in guernseys is often passed through oil in order to render it doubly water-resistant.

In sport a jersey is a shirt worn by a member of a team, often with the wearer's name and team number as well. Many Cycling jerseys of specific colour or pattern represent certain statuses in cycling, such as the "maillot jaune" (yellow jersey) of the leader of the Tour de France, or the rainbow jersey. The World Cycling Union also says a champion must wear the champions jersey in a race, not the team jersey. Cycling jerseys are usually made of special synthetic material to help sweat away from the skin. The main garment of an ice hockey uniform, which was traditionally called a sweater, is increasingly known as a hockey jersey. This garment, along with basketball jerseys which are usually sleeveless and baseball jerseys which are usually button up, have become fashion accessories.

In some sports, such as baseball, basketball, and American football, a player's jersey may be "retired". When a jersey is retired that player's jersey is placed usually where the team plays in honour of that player's accomplishment. The retiring of a jersey at one time included the retiring of the number on the player's jersey leaving it unavailable for future players, to further honour that player. However, as jerseys are usually double digit (00-99), that leaves only 100 possible numbers—if the rules of the sport allow it. For example, in U.S. college basketball, only 36 distinct numbers are possible, as rules prohibit the use of any digits greater than 5. As such the practice of retiring the number has dwindled, and in most cases only the specific jersey is retired and put on display.

It was common for Australian and South African year 12 students and year 13 students in New Zealand to receive personalised jerseys during their last year at school. These are commonly referred to as a year or leavers' jumpers. They are based on the design of a sport jersey (usually Australian Rules Football or Association Football), feature school colours, the year the students graduate, and a personalised nickname. They are usually worn over the normal school uniform.

In Australia there has been a recent trend with many students now preferring to get year 12 hoodies, jackets or baseball varsity style jackets instead of the traditional jerseys.

Cameron Mitchell

Cameron Mitchell (November 4, 1918 - July 6, 1994), was an American actor.

Born in Pennsylvania, U.S.. His first role was in a short movie "The Last Installment: A Crime Does Not Pay Subject" (1945), That same year he was cast in "What Next, Corporal Hargrove?" by Richard Thorpe. Also had a role in the movie "They Were Expendable" (1945), John Wayne. In 1948 he landed the role of Lieutenant Ansel Goldberg, in the classic war movie "Command Decision", with Clark Gable.

The decade of 1950s was very good for Mitchell, working in many movies such as "Smuggler's Gold" (1951), the Sci Fi Movie "Flight to Mars" (1951). 

In the early 1960s, Mitchell has great success in Europe he starring in movies: "Erik the Conqueror" (1961) - "Caesar the Conqueror" (1962) - "Attack of the Normans" (1962) - "The Black Duke" (1963) -"Last Gun" (1964), "Minnesota Clay" (1964), "In the Shadow of the Eagles" (1966) - "I coltelli del vendicatore" (1966), "Island of the Doomed" (1967). 
In 1970 Mitchell starred in the cult movie "The Rebel Rousers", with Jack Nicholson, and directed by Martin B. Cohen. He plays a man who is harassed by a motorcycle gang from hell.

He also co-starred in the movies: "Hombre" (1967), a western with Paul Newman, "The Other Side of the Wind" (1972), directed by Orson Welles, "Buck and the Preacher" (1973), with Sidney Poitier, "The Midnight Man" (1974), starring and directed by Burt Lancaster, and "The Klansman" (1974), with Lee Marvin.

In the decade of the 1980s, Mitchell starred only in low-budget movie. Among his movies of the 80s are "The Silent Scream" (1980), "The Nightmare Never Ends" (1980), "The Guns and the Fury" (1981), "The Tomb" (1986), with John Carradine, and "The Offspring" (1987), with Vincent Price. 

In 1967 he was hired to play the role of Buck Cannon in "The High Chaparral", with Leif Erickson as Big John Cannon. The series was a success and remained four seasons between 1967 and 1971.

He also worked in American television from its origins, in 1962, is the narrator of the TV series "The Beachcomber". He was also guest starred in TV series "Colt .45", "Wagon Train", "The Untouchables", "Bonanza", "Daniel Boone", "Cade's County", "Alias Smith and Jones", "Mission: Impossible", "Night Gallery", "Gunsmoke", "Police Story", "Magnum, P.I.", "Matt Houston", and others.


Freckle

Freckles are clusters of concentrated melanin that are most often visible with a fair skin complexion. Freckles are predominantly found on the face, although they may appear on any skin exposed to the sun, such as the lips, neck, arms, neck, shoulders, back and chest.

They are an inherited trait, caused by variation in the MC1R gene that is involved in the determination of red hair, fair skin, and freckles. Freckle formation is triggered through exposure to sunlight.

Two types of melanin, the red pheomelanin and the black eumelanin, are present in human skin. Eumelanin protects against sunlight. People with red hair have mostly pheomelanin in their hair and skin and/or a reduced ability to produce eumelanin. This may explain why they fail to tan and are at risk from the ultraviolet radiation in sunlight.

About 1.5 billion people in the world have freckles. About 75 per cent of Filipino people have freckles.

Lemon verbena

Lemon verbena ("Aloysia citrodora") is a type of flowering plant in the verbena family. It can also be called lemon beebrush. Its tiny flowers bloom purple or white in late summer.

Lemon verbena leaves are used to add a lemony taste to fish and poultry dishes, vegetable marinades, salad dressings, jams, puddings, and beverages. It also is used to make herb tea. 

Anacardiaceae

Anacardiaceae (also known as the cashew family or sumac family) is a family of flowering plants in the order Sapindales, with about 70 genera and 650 species of evergreen or deciduous trees, shrubs, and woody vines. Are plants including cashew, mango and pistachio. It is native to tropical and subtropical areas of the world, but a few species occur in temperate regions. 

Charlotte's Web

Charlotte's Web is a children's novel by E. B. White. First published in 1952, it was illustrated by Garth Williams and won many awards.

Three movies are based on the book:

Golpar

Golpar ("Heracleum persicum"), also known as Persian hogweed, is a flowering plant. It grows wild in mountains.

Golpar seeds are used as a spice in Persian cooking. These seedpods are slightly bitter. They are usually sold in powder and are often sold as "Angelica Seeds." The powder is sprinkled over beans and potatoes. Golpar is also used in soups and stews. It is often sprinkled over pomegranate seeds. Golpar is also mixed with vinegar into which lettuce leaves are dipped before eating.

Tsunami warning system

Tsunami warning system or TWS detects tsunamis and issues warnings to prevent loss of life and property. It consists of two equally important components: a "network of sensors" to detect tsunamis and a "communications infrastructure" to issue timely alarms to start evacuation before the big waves reach the land to let the people to rush to safety.

There are two distinct types of tsunami warning systems: "international" and "regional". Both of those systems depend on the fact that "tsunami waves" travel, approximately, 15-30 times slower than "seismic waves".

The Sceptical Chymist

The Sceptical Chymist is a cornerstone book in the history of chemistry.

It was written by Robert Boyle FRS (1627–1691). He was a 17th century natural philosopher, chemist, physicist, and inventor.

Boyle was an alchemist, but also the first modern chemist. He is famous for Boyle's law, which is about the relationship between the temperature and pressure of a gas.

Tsunami protection engineering

Tsunami protection engineering is intended to prevent or mitigate possible tsunami damage and save lives. The best method of protection seems to be the use of seawalls in front of ports and cities. Another effective method from a tsunami is proper planting trees. Some villages in India, for example, had minimal casualties in the 2004 tsunami because they had planted trees along the coastline.

Tsunami protection engineering should also foresee and prevent situations like one that happened at Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant when the main power went down, backup generators failed and cooling water could not get to the nuclear fuel. The overheating that followed led to explosions, fires and dangerous release of radiation.

Telly Savalas

Telly Savalas (January 21, 1922 – January 22, 1994) was an American actor and singer. He is best known from playing the character Kojak in a television series and many television movies. He was born in Garden City, New York; his parents were Greek Americans.

Early in his career, he played different characters like the detective in "Cape Fear" (1962), with Gregory Peck and Robert Mitchum, and the role of Feto Gomez in "Birdman of Alcatraz" (1962), he would win the Academy Award as supporting actor.
One of his best roles in his career was that of Pontius Pilate, in "The Greatest Story Ever Told" (1965). For his role, he shaved his head.
Then co-star in war movies "Battle of the Bulge" (1965), "The Dirty Dozen" (1967), with Lee Marvin, Telly played the role of a religious fanatic convict, who is elected by Lee Marvin for a suicidal mission., and "Kelly's Heroes" (1970), with Clint Eastwood and directed by Brian G. Hutton.

He was then personified as the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld, in the James Bond saga, "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" (1969).
In the 1970s Savalas worked in Europe with some success in movies as "Città violenta" (1970), with Charles Bronson, "A Town Called Bastard" (1971), with Jack Palance, La banda J.S.: Cronaca criminale del Far West (1972), "Horror Express" (1972) with Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing, "Senza ragione" (1973). and the movie by Mario Bava, "Lisa e il diavolo" (1974).

In the late 70s and early 1980s, Savalas worked on movies including "Beyond the Poseidon Adventure" (1979), "Cannonball Run II" (1984).

In 1963 he was on an episode of The Twilight Zone.
In 1973 CBS hired him to play the role of a Lieutenant, member of the police detective in New York, in production for CBS television: "The Marcus-Nelson Murders". Has a success out of the ordinary and the producers decided to turn it into a television series. 

Seven TV movies were made in the series Kojak: "" (1985), "" (1987), "" (1989), "" (1991), "" (1990), "" (1990) and "" (1990). 

He won an Emmy Award for Kojak.

He also starred in TV movie productions Mongo's "Back in Town" (1972), "She Cried Murder" (1973), "" (1980), "" (1987), "" (1988), "The Hollywood Detective" (1989).


Seth Rollins

Colby Daniel Lopez (born May 28, 1986) is an American professional wrestler. He wrestles for the WWE on the Raw brand. He competes under the ring name Seth "Freakin" Rollins and is the current and first holder of the new World Heavyweight Championship. He is the only man to have won all current WWE world championships, as he is a former WWE (World Heavyweight) Champion and Universal Champion. He held both of those titles twice, this makes him a five-time world champion in WWE.

Rollins is also a two-time United States and Intercontinental Champion, a six-time WWE (Raw) Tag Team Champion, the 2019 men's Royal Rumble winner and the 2014 Money in the Bank ladder match winner (going on to sucessfully cash in the contract at WrestleMania 31 and win his first WWE championship). He was part of the popular stable The Shield with Dean Ambrose and Roman Reigns. Before being called up to the main roster, Rollins wrestled for the WWE's developmental program "NXT" and was the first NXT Champion.

Lopez has also wrestled for Ring of Honor (ROH), where he is a former ROH World Champion and a former two-time ROH World Tag Team Champion with his Jimmy Jacobs. While on the independent circuit, he wrestled under the ring name Tyler Black. Aside from Ring of Honor, he has also competed in Scott County Wrestling, AAW: Professional Wrestling Redefined, Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South, the National Wrestling Alliance, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, and Wrestling Society X. Black is also a three-time world champion outside of WWE. He won the MCPW World Heavyweight Championship once, the FIP World Heavyweight Championship once, and the ROH World Championship once.

Lopez began dating Irish professional wrestler Rebecca Quin, better known as Becky Lynch, in January 2019. Their daughter was born in December 2020. They were married on June 29, 2021. They live in Moline, Illinois.



List of college athletic conferences

In college athletics in the United States, schools typically join together in conferences for regular play.











Northern Region

Southern Region

Eastern Region

Western Region


Network topology

Network topology is the layout of the connections (links, nodes, etc.) of a computer network.

There are two main

The names used - such as ring or star - are only rough descriptions. The computers on a home network can be arranged in a circle but it does not necessarily mean that it represents a ring network.

There are seven basic topologies:

Which of these is chosen depends on what devices need to be connected, how reliable it has to be, and the cost associated with cabling.

The shape of the cabling layout used to link devices is called the physical topology of the network. This refers to how the cables are laid out to connect many computers to one network. The physical topology you choose for your network depends on:

The mapping of the nodes of the network and the physical connections between them – the layout of wiring, cables, the locations of nodes, and the interconnections between the nodes and the cabling or wiring system.

The simplest topology is a permanent link between two endpoints (the line in the illustration above). Switched point-to-point topologies are the basic model of conventional telephony. The value of a permanent point-to-point network is the value of guaranteed, or nearly so, communications between the two endpoints. The value of 
an on-demand point-to-point connection is proportional to the number of potential pairs of subscribers, and has been expressed as Metcalfe's Law.

In most practical networks that are based upon the partially connected mesh topology, all of the data that is transmitted between nodes in the network takes the shortest path between nodes. The network used a longer alternative path in the case of a failure or break in one of the links. This requires that the nodes of the network possess some type of logical 'routing' algorithm to determine the correct path to use at any particular time.

Also known as a hierarchy network.

The type of network topology in which a central 'root' node (the top level of the hierarchy) is connected to one or more other nodes that are one level lower in the hierarchy (i.e., the second level) with a point-to-point link between each of the second level nodes and the top level central 'root' node. Each of the second level nodes that are connected to the top level central 'root' node will also have one or more other nodes that are one level lower in the hierarchy (i.e., the third level) connected to it, also with a point-to-point link, the top level central 'root' node being the only node that has no other node above it in the hierarchy (The hierarchy of the tree is symmetrical.) 

Each node in the network having a specific fixed number, of nodes connected to it at the next lower level in the hierarchy, the number, being referred to as the 'branching factor' of the hierarchical tree. This tree has individual peripheral nodes.

Logical topology describes the way in which a network transmits information from network/computer to another and not the way the network looks or how it is laid out. The logical layout also describes the different speeds of the cables being used from one network to another.

The logical topology, in contrast to the "physical", is the signals act on the network media, or the way that the data passes through the network from one device to the next without regard to the physical interconnection of the devices. A network's logical topology is not necessarily the same as its physical topology. For example, twisted pair Ethernet is a logical bus topology in a physical star topology layout. While IBM's Token Ring is a logical ring topology, it is physically set up in a star topology.

The logical classification of network topologies generally follows the same classifications as those in the physical classifications of network topologies but describes the path that the "data" takes between nodes being used as opposed to the actual "physical" connections between nodes.

Notes:

Except for star-based networks, the easiest way to add more computers into a network is by daisy-chaining, or connecting each computer in series to the next. If a message is intended for a computer partway down the line, each system bounces it along in sequence until it reaches the destination. A daisy-chained network can take two basic forms: linear and ring.

The star topology reduces the probability of a network failure by connecting all of the peripheral nodes (computers, etc.) to a central node. When the physical star topology is applied to a logical bus network such as Ethernet, this central node (traditionally a hub) rebroadcasts all transmissions received from any peripheral node to all peripheral nodes on the network, sometimes including the originating node. All peripheral nodes may thus communicate with all others by transmitting to, and receiving from, the central node only. The failure of a transmission line linking any peripheral node to the central node will result in the isolation of that peripheral node from all others, but the remaining peripheral nodes will be unaffected. However, the disadvantage is that the failure of the central node will cause the failure of all of the peripheral nodes also,

If the central node is "passive", the originating node must be able to tolerate the reception of an echo of its own transmission, delayed by the two-way round trip transmission time (i.e. to and from the central node) plus any delay generated in the central node. An "active" star network has an active central node that usually has the means to prevent echo-related problems.

A tree topology (a.k.a. hierarchical topology) can be viewed as a collection of star networks arranged in a hierarchy. This tree has individual peripheral nodes (e.g. leaves) which are required to transmit to and receive from one other node only and are not required to act as repeaters or regenerators. Unlike the star network, the functionality of the central node may be distributed.

As in the conventional star network, individual nodes may thus still be isolated from the network by a single-point failure of a transmission path to the node.
If a link connecting a leaf fails, that leaf is isolated; if a connection to a non-leaf node fails, an entire section of the network becomes isolated from the rest.

In order to alleviate the amount of network traffic that comes from broadcasting all signals to all nodes, more advanced central nodes were developed that are able to keep track of the identities of the nodes that are connected to the network. These network switches will "learn" the layout of the network by "listening" on each port during normal data transmission, examining the data packets and recording the address/identifier of each connected node and which port it's connected to in a lookup table held in memory. This lookup table then allows future transmissions to be forwarded to the intended destination only.

In a mesh topology (i.e., a partially connected mesh topology), there are at least two nodes with two or more paths between them to provide redundant paths to be used in case the link providing one of the paths fails. This decentralization is often used to advantage to compensate for the single-point-failure disadvantage that is present when using a single device as a central node (e.g., in star and tree networks). A special kind of mesh, limiting the number of hops between two nodes, is a hypercube. The number of arbitrary forks in mesh networks makes them more difficult to design and implement, but their decentralized nature makes them very useful. This is similar in some ways to a grid network, where a linear or ring topology is used to connect systems in multiple directions. A multi-dimensional ring has a toroidal topology, for instance.

A fully connected network, complete topology or full mesh topology is a network topology in which there is a direct link between all pairs of nodes. In a fully connected network with n nodes, there are n(n-1)/2 direct links. Networks designed with this topology are usually very expensive to set up, but provide a high degree of reliability due to the multiple paths for data that are provided by the large number of redundant links between nodes. This topology is mostly seen in military applications. However, it can also be seen in the file sharing protocol BitTorrent in which users connect to other users in the "swarm" by allowing each user sharing the file to connect to other users also involved. Often in actual usage of BitTorrent any given individual node is rarely connected to every single other node as in a true fully connected network but the protocol does allow for the possibility for any one node to connect to any other node when sharing files.

Hybrid networks use a combination of any two or more topologies in such a way that the resulting network does not exhibit one of the standard topologies (e.g., bus, star, ring, etc.). For example, a tree network connected to a tree network is still a tree network, but two star networks connected together exhibit a hybrid network topology. A hybrid topology is always produced when two different basic network topologies are connected. Two common examples for Hybrid network are: "star ring network" and "star bus network"

Tendaishe Sigauke, (2007: 46) Explaining networking terms


Tendaishe Sigauke, (2007: 46) Explaining networking terms

Prostatitis

Prostatitis is any form of inflammation of the prostate gland. Because women do not have a prostate gland, it is a condition only found in men, although women do have microscopic paraurethral Skene's glands connected to the distal third of the urethra in the prevaginal space that are homologous to the prostate, and may cause symptoms.

A prostatitis diagnosis is assigned at 8% of all urologist and 1% of all primary care physician visits in the USA.

The term prostatitis refers in its strictest sense to histological (microscopic) inflammation of the tissue of the prostate gland, although historically the term has loosely been used as a rubric to describe a set of quite different conditions. To try to remedy this, the NIH devised a new classification system in 1999.

According to the 1999 National Institute of Health (NIH) Classification, there are four categories of prostatitis:


Men with this disease often have chills, fever, pain in the lower back and genital area, urinary frequency and urgency often at night, burning or painful urination, body aches, and a demonstrable infection of the urinary tract, as evidenced by white blood cells and bacteria in the urine. There may be discharge from the penis.

Acute prostatitis is relatively easy to diagnose due to its symptoms that suggest infection. Common bacteria are "E. Coli, Klebsiella, Proteus, Pseudomonas, Enterobacter, Enterococcus, Serratia," and "Staphylococcus aureus." This can be a medical emergency in some patients and hospitalization with intravenous antibiotics may be required. A full blood count reveals increased white blood cells. Sepsis from prostatitis is very rare, but may occur in immunocompromised patients; high fever and malaise generally prompt blood cultures, which are often positive in sepsis.

Antibiotics are the first line of treatment in acute prostatitis (Cat. I). Antibiotics usually resolve acute prostatitis infections in a very short period of time. Appropriate antibiotics should be used, based on the microbe causing the infection. Some antibiotics have very poor penetration of the prostatic capsule, others, such as Ciprofloxacin, Co-trimoxazole and tetracyclines penetrate well. Severely ill patients may need hospitalization, while nontoxic patients can be treated at home with bed rest, analgesics, stool softeners, and hydration.

Full recovery without sequelae is usual.

Chronic bacterial prostatitis is a relatively rare condition (<5% of patients with prostate-related non-BPH LUTS) that usually presents with an intermittent UTI-type picture and that is defined as recurrent urinary tract infections in men originating from a chronic infection in the prostate. Dr. Weidner, Professor of Medicine, Department of Urology, University of Giessen, has stated: "In studies of 656 men, we seldom found chronic bacterial prostatitis. It is truly a rare disease. Most of those were E-coli." Symptoms may be completely absent until there is also bladder infection, and the most troublesome problem is usually recurrent cystitis.

In chronic bacterial prostatitis there are bacteria in the prostate but usually no symptoms. The prostate infection is diagnosed by culturing urine as well as prostate fluid (expressed prostatic secretions or EPS) which are obtained by the doctor doing a rectal exam and putting pressure on the prostate. If no fluid is recovered after this prostatic massage, a post massage urine should also contain any prostatic bacteria. Prostate specific antigen levels may be elevated, although there is no malignancy.

Treatment requires prolonged courses (4–8 weeks) of antibiotics that penetrate the prostate well (β-lactams and nitrofurantoin are ineffective). These include quinolones (ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin), sulfas (Bactrim, Septra) and macrolides (erythromycin, clarithromycin). Persistent infections may be helped in 80% of patients by the use of alpha blockers (tamsulosin (Flomax), alfuzosin), or long term low dose antibiotic therapy. Recurrent infections may be caused by inefficient urination (benign prostatic hypertrophy, neurogenic bladder), prostatic stones or a structural abnormality that acts as a reservoir for infection.

The addition of prostate massage to courses of antibiotics was previously proposed as being beneficial.
It is though not without some risk, and has not been shown in more recent trials to improve outcome compared to antibiotics alone.

Over time, the relapse rate is high, exceeding 50%.

In chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome (CP/CPPS) there is pelvic pain of unknown cause, lasting longer than 6 months, as the key symptom. Symptoms may wax and wane. Pain can range from mild discomfort to debilitating. Pain may radiate to back and rectum, making sitting difficult. Dysuria, arthralgia, myalgia, unexplained fatigue, abdominal pain, constant burning pain in the penis, and frequency may all be present. Frequent urination and increased urgency may suggest interstitial cystitis (inflammation centred in bladder rather than prostate). Ejaculation may be painful, as the prostate contracts during emission of semen, although nerve- and muscle-mediated post-ejaculatory pain is more common, and a classic sign of CP/CPPS. Some patients report low libido, sexual dysfunction and erectile difficulties. Pain after ejaculation is a very specific complaint that distinguishes CP/CPPS from men with BPH or normal men.

Theories behind the disease include autoimmunity, for which there is scant evidence, neurogenic inflammation and myofascial pain syndrome. In the latter two categories, dysregulation of the local nervous system due to past traumatic experiences or an anxious disposition and chronic albeit unconscious pelvic tensing lead to inflammation that is mediated by substances released by nerve cells (such as substance P). The prostate (and other areas of the genitourinary tract: bladder, urethra, testicles) can become inflamed by the action of the chronically activated pelvic nerves on the mast cells at the end of the nerve pathways. Similar stress-induced genitourinary inflammation has been shown experimentally in other mammals.

Prostatitis researcher Dr Anthony Schaeffer commented in a 2003 editorial of The Journal of Urology that: "It is well recognized that even if pathogenic bacteria are present in the prostate, as in men with established chronic bacterial prostatitis, they do not cause chronic pelvic pain unless acute urinary tract infection develops. Taken together, these data suggest that bacteria do not have a significant role in the development of the chronic pelvic pain syndrome. The clinical observation that antimicrobial therapy reduces symptomatology in men with chronic pelvic pain syndrome is being tested in a double-blinded NIH controlled study. Since antimicrobials may have anti-inflammatory activity, it is possible that these drugs may benefit the patient by reducing inflammation rather than eradicating bacteria."

A year after making that statement, Dr Schaeffer and his colleagues published studies showing that antibiotics are essentially useless for CP/CPPS.

The bacterial infection theory that for so long had held sway in this field was again shown to be unimportant in another 2003 study from the University of Washington team led by Dr Lee and Professor Richard Berger. The study found that one third of both normal men and patients had equal counts of similar bacteria colonizing their prostates.

Since the publication of these studies, the focus has shifted from infection to neuromuscular and psychological etiologies for chronic prostatitis (CP/CPPS).


There are no definitive diagnostic tests for CP/CPPS. This is a poorly understood disorder, even though it accounts for 90%-95% of prostatitis diagnoses. It is found in men of any age, with the peak onset in the early 30s. CP/CPPS may be inflammatory (category IIIa) or non-inflammatory (category IIIb). In the inflammatory form, urine, semen, and other fluids from the prostate contain pus cells (dead white blood cells or WBCs), whereas in the non-inflammatory form no pus cells are present. Recent studies have questioned the distinction between categories IIIa and IIIb, since both categories show evidence of inflammation if pus cells are ignored and other more subtle signs of inflammation, like cytokines, are measured. In 2006, Chinese researchers found that men with categories IIIa and IIIb both had significantly and similarly raised levels of anti-inflammatory cytokine TGFß1 and pro-inflammatory cytokine IFN-γ in their expressed prostatic secretions when compared with controls; therefore measurement of these cytokines could be used to diagnose category III prostatitis.

Normal men have slightly more bacteria in their semen than men with chronic prostatitis/pelvic myoneuropathy. The traditional Stamey 4-glass test is invalid for diagnosis of this disorder, and inflammation cannot be localized to any particular area of the lower GU tract.

Men with CP/CPPS are more likely than the general population to suffer from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS), and Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS). Prostate specific antigen levels may be elevated, although there is no malignancy.

Experimental tests that could be useful in the future include tests to measure semen and prostate fluid cytokine levels. Various studies have shown increases in markers for inflammation such as elevated levels of cytokines, myeloperoxidase, and chemokines.

For chronic nonbacterial prostatitis (Cat III), also known as pelvic myoneuropathy or CP/CPPS, which makes up the majority of men diagnosed with "prostatitis", a treatment called the Stanford Protocol, developed by Stanford University Professor of Urology Rodney Anderson and psychologist David Wise in 1996, has recently been published. This is a combination of medication (using tricyclic antidepressants and benzodiazepines), psychological therapy (paradoxical relaxation, an advancement and adaptation, specifically for pelvic pain, of a type of progressive relaxation technique developed by Edmund Jacobson during the early 20th century), and physical therapy (trigger point release therapy on pelvic floor and abdominal muscles, and also yoga-type exercises with the aim of relaxing pelvic floor and abdominal muscles). While these studies are encouraging, definitive proof of efficacy would require a randomized, sham controlled, blinded study, which is not as easy to do with physical therapy as with drug therapy.

Cat. III prostatitis may have no initial trigger other than anxiety, often with an element of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder or other anxiety-spectrum problem. This is theorized to leave the pelvic area in a sensitized condition resulting in a loop of muscle tension and heightened neurological feedback (neural wind-up). Current protocols largely focus on stretches to release overtensed muscles in the pelvic or anal area (commonly referred to as trigger points), physical therapy to the area, and progressive relaxation therapy to reduce causative stress. Biofeedback physical therapy to relearn how to control pelvic floor muscles may be useful.

Aerobic exercise can help those sufferers who are not also suffering from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) or whose symptoms are not exacerbated by exercise.

Anecdotal evidence suggests that food allergies and intolerances may have a role in exacerbating CP/CPPS, perhaps through mast cell mediated mechanisms. Specifically patients with gluten intolerance or celiac disease report severe symptom flares after sustained gluten ingestion. Patients may therefore find an exclusion diet helpful in lessening symptoms by identifying problem foods. Studies are lacking in this area.

There is a substantial list of medications used to treat this disorder.

Alpha blockers (tamsulosin, alfuzosin) are moderately helpful for many men with CPPS; duration of therapy needs to be at least 3 months.

Quercetin has shown effective in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial in chronic prostatitis using 500 mg twice a day for 4 weeks. Subsequent studies showed that quercetin, a mast cell inhibitor, reduces inflammation and oxidative stress in the prostate.

Pollen extract (Cernilton)] has also been shown effective in randomized placebo controlled trials.

Commonly used therapies that have not been properly evaluated in clinical trials are dietary modification, gabapentin, and amitriptyline. 
Therapies shown to be "ineffective" by randomized placebo/sham controlled trials: levaquin (antibiotics), alpha blockers for 6 weeks or less, transurethral needle ablation of the prostate (TUNA).

At least one study suggests that multi-modal therapy (aimed at different pathways such as inflammation and neuromuscular dysfunction simultaneously) is better long term than monotherapy.

In recent years the prognosis for CP/CPPS has improved greatly with the advent of multimodal treatment, phytotherapy and protocols aimed at quieting the pelvic nerves through myofascial trigger point release and anxiety control.

These patients have no history of genitourinary pain complaints, but leukocytosis or bacteria have been noted during evaluation for other conditions.

Diagnosis is through tests of semen, EPS or urine that reveal inflammation in the absence of symptoms.

No treatment required. It is standard practice for men with infertility and category IV prostatitis to be given a trial of antibiotics and/or anti-inflammatories however evidence for efficacy are weak. Since signs of asymptomatic prostatic inflammation may sometimes be associated with prostate cancer, this can be addressed by tests that assess the ratio of free-to-total PSA. The results of these tests were significantly different in prostate cancer and category IV prostatitis in one study.



The Descent of Man

The Descent of Man, and selection in relation to sex is a book by Charles Darwin, first published in 1871.

It was Darwin's second great book on evolutionary theory, with the first being his 1859 work, "On the Origin of Species".

Darwin had said almost nothing about human beings in the "Origin", except a single sentence:
""Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history"".

In "The Descent of Man", Darwin applies evolutionary theory to human evolution, and also explains his theory of sexual selection. He thought the two topics were closely connected.

In the nearly 12 years between the "Origin" and the "Descent of Man", several writers had written works on the subject. Noteworthy were:


Both were published in 1863.

The starting point for sexual selection is the observation that males differ from females, not just in sexual apparatus, but in many other traits. This is true of many animals, and the question is why this happens. The answer given by Darwin, and followed by many other biologists, is that the selection on males is different from the selection on females.

Sexual selection is the theory proposed by Charles Darwin that states that certain evolutionary traits can be explained by intraspecific competition (competition between members of the same species).

Darwin defined sexual selection as the effects of the "struggle between the individuals of one sex, generally the males, for the possession of the other sex".

Biologists today distinguish between "male to male combat" or "intrasexual selection" (it is usually males that fight each other), "mate choice" or "intersexual selection" (usually female choice of male mates) and sexual conflict.

Secondary sex characteristics are features that distinguish the two sexes of a species, but are not directly part of the reproductive system. They are believed to be the product of sexual selection for traits which give an individual an advantage over its rivals in courtship and fighting.

Traits selected by male combat are called "weapons"; and traits selected by mate choice are called "ornaments".

Fearne Cotton

Fearne Cotton (born 3 September 1981) is an English television and radio presenter. She is known for presenting a number of popular TV programmes such as "Top of the Pops" and the "Red Nose Day" "telethon". Cotton joined BBC Radio 1 in September 2005. In 2007, she became the first regular female presenter of BBC Radio 1's "Chart Show". She now presents BBC Radio 1's weekday mid-morning programme. In 2008 Cotton moved to the United States to present "The Guinness Book of Records - Live". In 2015, Cotton returned to children’s television by voicing a Voice Trumpet in the 2015 reboot of Teletubbies.


Minecraft

Minecraft is a sandbox video game first made by Markus "Notch" Persson. It was sold to Microsoft in 2014 for 2.5 billion American dollars. Over 238 million copies of the game have been sold. This makes it the best-selling video game of all time.

In Minecraft, players explore a free walkable world filled with many 3D items. Many of these items are cubes, called "blocks". These include basic terrain and resources such as dirt, stone, wood, and sand. There are also items the player can use, such as crafting tables, furnaces, blast furnaces, looms, and stonecutters among others. Players can use these to make new items such as tools and armor, as well as different kinds of blocks. Players can then build structures using these blocks, such as buildings, statues, pixel art, and more.

Minecraft has a large community. It has a lot of user-generated content (things made by players) like mods, servers, skins, texture packs, and custom maps, which add new gameplay features and game modes to the base game.

Minecraft has three main versions: Java Edition, Bedrock Edition, and Education. Java Edition is the first version of Minecraft made, but Bedrock Edition is now used more due to it being multi-platform. Bedrock Edition and Education are written in C++, and Java Edition is written in Java. In the past, special versions of Minecraft were made just for video game consoles.

"Minecraft" was originally created as an experiment to test random generation for caves. "Minecraft" was inspired by "Infiniminer", a game created by Zachary Barth. The first version of Minecraft was released for PC players on May 17, 2009 and it was called Cave Game. After going through alpha and beta versions, the full version was released on November 18, 2011. A version for Android was released on October 7, 2011, and an iOS version was released on November 17, 2011.

At first, "Minecraft" was created only by Markus Persson. Other people started to work on it when Persson started an independent video game company called Mojang Specifications. The company was later renamed simply to Mojang. Later in 2011, a version named was released for iOS and Android devices. This version was later renamed "Bedrock Edition". In 2012, Persson gave Jens "Jeb" Bergensten the job of being the main developer of "Minecraft".

Minecraft has also released on many video game consoles. On May 9, 2012, "Minecraft" came out on the Xbox 360 as a download through the Xbox Live Arcade. It was available for 1600 Microsoft Points ($19.99). In 2013, "Minecraft" came out as a disc for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. On December 10, 2013, a Windows Phone version was released. Versions for the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 were released in September 2014. A version for the PlayStation Vita was released on October 14, 2014. The Wii U edition was released on December 17, 2015. In 2017, versions for the Nintendo Switch and the New Nintendo 3DS were released. The Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and Nintendo Switch were later given the Bedrock Edition, which allowed players of these systems to play together.

At the start of the game, players are put in a random location in the game world. They can begin breaking blocks to collect resources, such as wood and dirt, which can be used later in the game. Players can use resources to make new tools, such as pickaxes, which let the player gather stone in the caves that they find. Different resources require different tools to collect them. For example, diamonds can only be collected with an iron pickaxe, or one of a better quality.

The game world is mostly endless. As players explore it, the game makes new sections of the world using procedural generation. The game generates different kinds of terrain in biomes. Different biomes have different blocks in them. For example, a taiga biome will have lots of spruce trees and snow, whereas a plains biome will have lots of grass. The player can also find different structures in the world, like mountains and villages. 

The game has non-player characters called "mobs" (short for mobile entity). There are many mobs in Minecraft. Some are real-life animals, like cows, pigs, and sheep. Some are based on monsters, such as zombies or skeletons. There are also some which do not exist in the real world in any way, and are unique to Minecraft, such as Creepers, Piglins, and Endermen. Each mob has different things it can do. For example, players can kill cows to get leather, which can make items, and beef, which can be cooked to make food. The Creeper, a hostile mob (meaning it tries to attack the player), will move close to the player and then explode, which usually causes so much damage that will kill the player. 

Minecraft has very few goals. Players can choose how they want to play. They can choose to fight bosses, such as the Wither and the Ender Dragon, or choose to explore the world and build. If the player defeats the Ender Dragon, they can see the credits of the game. Minecraft also has lots of Achievements called "advancements". These can range from simple things like sleeping in a bed for the first time, to complex things like discovering every biome in the game. Both boss fights and advancements are optional.

In addition to the default dimension the player starts in (called the "Overworld"), there are also two other dimensions in Minecraft - the Nether and the End. Both of these can be accessed with special portals. The player can make Nether portals using obsidian and flint and steel, but End portals have to be found in strongholds. While it is not necessary to go to these dimensions, they have lots of different items and enemies which can not be found in the Overworld. The Ender Dragon can only be fought in the End. After that, the player has a choice of going back to the overworld or to go to the end islands to find an end city and get an Elytra And Diamond Enchanted Armor
In survival mode, players can gather resources found in the world to make lots of different items. Some of the items players can make include new blocks, tools, and armor. For example, players can turn wood into planks at the start of the game, which lets them make lots of things, like crafting tables and tools. Players can also place down these planks to build things, like houses. and other structures

Players have a health bar and a hunger bar in this mode. The health bar is shown as 10 hearts, and the hunger bar is shown as 10 steaks. Each heart and steak is worth two health points and two hunger points, respectively. The health bar depletes when players get attacked by monsters, lose all of their air underwater, walk into lava or cacti, fall from a high place, fall into the void, or if their hunger bar is depleted completely. Players can heal by staying still, drinking healing potions, and/or if they have a full hunger bar. Players will lose hunger by walking, sprinting and jumping too much. If they are low on hunger, they will not be able to sprint. They can fill their hunger bar by eating food.

During the night, monsters come out to fight the player, but players can build a house to protect themselves from these monsters. If a player sleeps in a bed, they can skip the night, and go directly to the next day. However, they are unable to sleep if there are monsters near the bed.

Players can only carry a certain number of items at any time, by holding them in their inventory. If the player dies, they drop their items, unless they have turned on Keep Inventory. Players can get their items back if they can find them before they disappear. They can then respawn, which sends them back to their spawn point, or the place they started the game at. Players can change their spawn point using items like beds. For example, a player can put a bed in their house to respawn there, and in the Nether players can use a unique block called a respawn anchor to respawn there.

Players can play Survival Mode in four levels of difficulty: Peaceful, Easy, Normal and Hard. As the difficulty increases, the more damage monsters deal. In addition, certain mobs will gain certain abilities at higher difficulty levels. When a player creates a new world, the difficulty is set to normal by default. On peaceful difficulty, no monsters spawn, and the only way players can die is by deaths that aren't from mobs, such as falling from a high place, being in fire or lava, drowning, suffocating inside a block, or falling into the void.

Hardcore mode is like survival mode, but the game is set to the hardest difficulty, which cannot be changed. The player also cannot enable cheats when they create the world and can only do so if they use the "Open to LAN" option in the game menu while they are playing. If a player dies in hardcore mode, they can not respawn, and can only play the world in Spectator Mode. If cheats are enabled, it is possible for the player to play in survival mode again by using commands to change the game mode. This game mode is only available in Java Edition.

Players can also play a special version of hardcore mode known as Ultra Hardcore Mode, which is basically the same as hardcore mode except players do not naturally regenerate health. This mode can be accessed by creating a world in Hardcore mode, enabling cheats using the "Open to LAN" option in the game menu, and using commands to turn off natural health regeneration. The only way the player can regenerate health in this game mode is by using potions, golden apples, suspicious stews, and beacons.

In creative mode, players have infinite items. This is so they can build whatever they want, instead of having to look for resources. They cannot die and do not have a health bar or hunger bar. However, you can kill a person in creative mode (if you have cheats on) with the /kill command in the Java edition of Minecraft. Players in creative mode can also die if they manage to fall into the void. Players can also optionally fly to reach places they normally couldn't. Some items players can only get one.

In spectator mode, players become a "spectator". Spectators can look at the world, but not interact with it, meaning they can't place blocks or use items. They are invisible to other players.

Spectators can fly around the world freely, or they can look at it from the perspective of other players and mobs, meaning they can see what the player or mob sees, as if they were looking through their eyes.

Adventure mode is designed for community maps. The player can not place or break blocks or do anything by default.

Players can play on the same Minecraft world together by using the multiplayer mode. They can connect to an online server by typing in the server's address (usually an IP address), or by making a game on the local area network (LAN). If the player makes a LAN game, only players on the same network can play. Much like the rest of Minecraft, players can choose what they want to do. For example, they can choose to fight each other, or work together and survive. All game modes can be played in multiplayer.

"Minecraft Realms" are multiplayer servers hosted by Mojang that can be rented by players for a small fee. In "Minecraft Realms", there are several "mini-games", which are maps/games created by popular "Minecraft" users.

"Minecraft: Java edition" was the first version of Minecraft, first released in 2009. It can be played on Windows, macOS, and Linux.

"Minecraft: Bedrock Edition" is a version of Minecraft focused on playing with other people. It can be played on Windows (10 or higher), Chromebook, Xbox, PS4, Nintendo Switch, Android, iOS and iPadOS. This version is based off the Pocket Edition codebase which uses C++ as it's programming language. 

"Minecraft Education" is a edition of the game mostly used for schools. Some features of this edition are in Bedrock Edition, but they need to be turned on before making a world. Minecraft Education is a game-based platform that inspires creative, inclusive learning through play. Explore blocky worlds that unlock new ways to take on any subject or challenge.

"Minecraft: Pocket Edition" is a mobile version of Minecraft for phones and tablets. In 2011, Minecraft: Pocket Edition was released for the Android market as an early version. It was then released for other devices in October 2011. An iOS version was released on November 2011, and a port was made for Windows Phones after Microsoft bought Mojang. The port focuses on the basic building and the survival parts of the game, and does not have all the features of the PC version. On his Twitter account, Jens Bergensten said that the Pocket Edition of Minecraft is in C++ and not Java code, because of iOS not being able to support Java code. However, there now exists a way to play the Java Edition on both Android and iOS devices.

"Minecraft: Pocket Edition" was replaced by the Bedrock Edition on December 19, 2016.

"Minecraft Dungeons" is a Dungeon Crawler made by Mojang Studios in 2020. Unlike Minecraft, you cannot jump, mine or build. Instead, you attack enemies to progress.

"Minecraft Earth" is a phone game made by Mojang Studios in 2019. It used augmented reality to let players build in real life. You got blocks and mobs from walking around in real life and finding "tappables". The game was shut on the 30th June 2021.

"Minecraft Legends" is a strategy role-playing game made by Mojang Studios in 2023. Mobs from the Nether dimension would fight people in the Overworld dimension. The player's role is to attack enemies and defeat the Great Hog. It is the newest Minecraft game.
Minecraft received very positive reviews.

Jaz McDougall of "PC Gamer" said that Minecraft is "intuitively interesting and contagiously fun, with an unparalleled scope for creativity and memorable experiences".

"IGN" called the blocky graphics "instantly memorable".

"Minecraft" has a very large community, with many fan forums and multiplayer servers such as Hypixel. The "Minecraft" community is also one of the largest on YouTube. Many people upload various types of Minecraft content to YouTube, such as parody songs, animations, gameplay, and more. Content made by other players can also be uploaded to platforms such as Forge. Minecraft Live is another YouTube community event that occurs yearly.

Minecraft has had many new updates since it first released. These updates are usually announced before they are released. They add lots of new features into the game, such as new blocks, mobs, and items.

Mojang releases smaller development versions called "snapshots" which players can choose to play on Minecraft Launcher. These snapshots have a few new features in them, and are released as the developers are working on the new version. This is so players can try out new features before the full version is released. 


Marylebone station

Marylebone station, also known as London Marylebone, is a central London railway terminus and London Underground station. It is halfway between the mainline stations at Euston and Paddington, being about 1 mile (1.6 km) from each. It was opened on 15 March 1899 by the Great Central Railway.




Lucy Pinder

Lucy Katherine Pinder (born 20 December 1983) is an English glamour model. She is from Winchester, Hampshire.

From 2 January 2009, Pinder appeared in the sixth series of "Celebrity Big Brother" UK. She revealed that she is "a bit of a Tory bird" and that 'thick' people irritate her. She was the first housemate to be voted out, on 9 January (Day 8) with 57% of the public vote. Pinder declared her wish to leave the Big Brother house after being driven to distraction by the incessant rapping of another housemate.

Keeley Hazell

Keeley Rebecca M. Hazell (born 18 September 1986) is a British former Page 3 Girl and glamour model. She was born in Lewisham and grew up in Grove Park. She went to Ravensbourne School in Bromley. Her mother, Amber, is a dinner lady and her father, Roy, is a window fitter; they separated when she was thirteen.



Sexual conflict

Sexual conflict is a term in evolutionary biology. It occurs in a species when what benefits the females is different from what benefits the males.

The word 'benefit' here means 'what benefits the reproduction of the female's (or male's) genes. It is expressed as a "difference in biological fitness".

The conflict can lead to an evolutionary arms race between males and females. It has primarily been studied in animals, though it can in principle apply to any sexually reproducing organism, such as plants and fungi.

In sexual reproduction there is, from the point of view of evolution, a fundamental difference of interest between males and females. This difference of interest plays out differently in different species.
Their interest is to mate with a large number of completely faithful females, thus spreading their genes widely in the population.
Their interest is to mate with a large number of fit males, thus producing a large number of fit and varied offspring.


Some regard sexual conflict as a subset of sexual selection (which was traditionally regarded as mutualistic), while others suggest it is a separate evolutionary phenomenon.


Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar

Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar is the general of the Yemeni army and Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh's half brother. He helped recruit Islamist radicals to fight in Afghanistan during the Soviet-Afghan War.
On March 21, 2011, Al-Ahmar defected and joined the anti-government Yemeni protesters, along with other top Yemeni army commanders.

Milan Dudić

Milan Dudić (born November, 1st 1979 in Kraljevo, former Yugoslavia, now Serbia) is a former professional football player from Serbia. He is now playing for SK Sturm Graz as defender in the Austrian t-mobile Liga, the highest division in Austrian football.

He started playing football with amateur teams and began 1998 with FK Cukaricki as professional player. In 2002, he began playing with Red Star Belgrade. He won the Serbian championship two times with the club (2004, 2006) and the cup also (2004, 2006). In 2006, he played with the national team of Serbia and Montenegro at the FIFA World Cup in Germany. All together he played 13 matches for the national team. In 2006, he signed with F.C. Red Bull Salzburg. With Red Bull Salzburg he won the Austrian Championship three times. In 2011, his contract faded and he went to SK Sturm Graz.

Milan Dudic (Fangemeinschaft FC Red Bull Salzburg)

Chelonia

Chelonia is a name for the whole order of turtles, and for a particular turtles:

Brett DiBiase

Brett DiBiase (born March 16, 1988) is an American professional wrestler. He currently has a contract with World Wrestling Entertainment. He wrestles in their farm team in Florida Championship Wrestling, where he gains experience before going national. He was a FCW Florida Tag Team Championship.

DiBiase's stepgrandfather Michael DiBiase, his grandmother Helen Hild, and his father Ted DiBiase were professional wrestlers. His older half brother Mike DiBiase II and his older brother Ted DiBiase, Jr. are also professional wrestlers. On March 27, 2010, DiBiase and his brother Ted Jr. induct their father into the WWE Hall of Fame.

On June 9, 2009, DiBiase married his high school sweetheart Leah Nicole May.


Passover

Passover () is a religious holiday or festival noted by ceremonies each year, mostly by Jewish people. They celebrate it to remember when God used Moses to free the Israelites from slavery in Egypt, as told in the book of Exodus in the Bible. God told Moses to set aside this special week originally called "the feast of unleavened bread". During this time, the people eat special foods, do special rituals and sing songs. Passover is around the time of Easter (March/April) each year.

The Last Supper was probably a Passover Seder. 
The "Second Passover" (Pesach Sheni) on the 14th of Iyar in the Hebrew Calendar is mentioned in the Hebrew Bible as a make-up day for people who were unable to offer the Passover sacrifice at the appropriate time. 

Carbon fixation

Carbon fixation is how gaseous carbon dioxide is converted into a solid compound. It occurs in autotrophs during the Calvin cycle and in some heterotrophs.


2 Pallas

2 Pallas (symbol: ) is the second asteroid discovered in the solar system. It was discovered by Heinrich Wilhelm Matthäus Olbers on March 28, 1802. 2 Pallas is named after Pallas Athena, an alternate name for the goddess Athena.

2 Pallas has a mass estimated to be 7% of the total mass of the asteroid belt. The asteroid is the third largest asteroid in terms of mass and the second largest in terms of diameter.

Paul Michael Glaser

Paul Michael Glaser (born March 25, 1943) is an American actor and director.

He began his career in the TV series "Love Is a Many Splendored Thing" (1967). In 1972 he had a role in the film starring Goldie Hawn, "Butterflies Are Free" (1972), and in the TV movies "Aces Up" (1974), with Raul Julia, and "Trapped Beneath the Sea" (1974), with Lee J. Cobb.

In 1976 he played Harry Houdini in the TV movie: "The Great Houdini". Followed starred in the movies "Phobia" (1980), as Dr. Peter Ross, "Wait Till Your Mother Gets Home!" TV (1983), and "Attack on Fear" TV (1984), he plays the role of a journalist who reports cases of corruption in a small town.

Glaser had a great director career as a film and television. He directed Arnold Schwarzenegger in "The Running Man" (1987). He also directed episodes of the series: "Starsky and Hutch", "Miami Vice", "Otherworld", "The Agency", "Mister Sterling", "Robbery Homicide Division", "Judging Amy", "Third Watch", and many more.

His best known role was that of Det. Dave Starsky in American TV series "Starsky and Hutch". The series is about two friends police, Dave Starsky and Ken Hutchinson; David Soul, to solve all kinds of cases. The series ran between 1975 and 1979. And they filmed 82 episodes. Glaser and Soul have a small role in the movie Starsky & Hutch (2004).
He was a guest star on the TV series: "Cannon" (1972), "The Streets of San Francisco" (1972), "The Waltons" (1973), "Kojak" (1974), "The Closer" (2008), "Criminal Minds" (2008), "Numb3rs" (2008), and "The Mentalist" (2009).


S&amp;M (song)

"S&M" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It is about BDSM. It is the third single off her studio album "Loud" (2010). Another version of the song featuring pop singer Britney Spears was released after Rihanna instructed fans to vote for an artist to be featured on the remix of the song. It has charted successfully in twelve countries. It hit number one in the United States, Canada, and Australia, while reaching the top three in the United Kingdom.

"S&M" was the 12th-best performing song of 2011 in the U.S. and UK and the 20th-best performing in Canada.
The genre of this song is Eurodance.

The music video was directed by Melanie Matsoukas, who has worked with other artists like Beyoncé. The video was banned from YouTube because it was sexually explicit. However, it is available for users who are signed into their accounts and over the age of 18.

Coffee &amp; TV

"Coffee & TV" is a song by the British rock band Blur. The song was released on the 1999 album "13". "Coffee & TV" reached number 11 on the UK Singles Chart and number 26 on the Irish Singles Chart.

Vernon, British Columbia

Vernon is a Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada. Vernon is in the south-central region of British Columbia and is the largest city in the North Okanagan region. It is named after Forbes George Vernon, a former member of government in British Columbia. Including the areas around it, Vernon has a population of 58,584 as of the Canada 2011 Census. A person who lives in Vernon is called a "Vernonite".

Vernon was named one of the top six most desirable communities to retire to in North America by Consumer Reports in 2005. Vernon has a BCHL (British Columbia Hockey League) ice hockey team called the Vernon Vipers.

The site of the city was discovered by the Okanagan First Nations people, who named the community Nintle Moos Chin, which means "jumping over place where the creek narrows". This name refers to a section of the Swan Lake that passes through Downtown Vernon, the community's central business district. The Okanagan people settled around the city's two lakes, Okanagan Lake and Swan Lake, eating seasonal foods. Later, the land was renamed Priest's Valley because of the priests living in the valley around 1859. A town was created in 1885 and was named Vernon in 1887 in honour of Forbes George Vernon, a settler who became part of the British Columbian government.

Vernon started to develop in 1863, when gold was found in the surrounding lands. Centreville, the community's original business district, was formed in 1885. Vernon became an economic hub in the Okanagan because of its many cattle ranches and fruit orchard areas that attracted British families.

Vernon's growth quickened in 1891 after the Canadian Pacific Railway was opened in the Okanagan and Shuswap regions of British Columbia. Shortly after, the river boat "S.S. Aberdeen" was launched in 1893 to connect Vernon to other parts of the Okanagan. Fruit trees first grew in Vernon by the early 1890s, while water supplies were supplied to the community by canals by 1906. In 1908, the Okanagan Mounted Rifles military program was created, bringing a number of people to the area during World War I and World War II for lessons.

Vernon was incorporated as a city on December 30, 1892, with a city hall built in 1903 that included a fire hall and a public reading space. The following year, it was declared the largest municipality in the Okanagan and the first to contain a bank and telephone.


Salmon Arm

Salmon Arm is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Salmon Arm is found in the Shuswap Country of the Southern Interior. The population of Salmon Arm was 17,464 in 2011. The mayor of Salmon Arm is Nancy Cooper.

Salmon Arm has an ice hockey team in the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL) called the Salmon Arm Silverbacks.


Castlegar, British Columbia

Castlegar is a Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada. Castlegar is in the West Kootenay region in British Columbia. There were 7,259 people in Castlegar at the 2006 consensus. Castlegar is the second largest place in the West Kootenay region. 


Albin Planinc

Albin Planinc or Albin Planinec (18 April 1944 – 20 December 2008) was a chess Grandmaster from Slovenia. He won the Slovenian Chess Championship in 1968 and 1971.

Planinc enjoyed playing old, rarely used openings, and had an tactical style of play that led to some brilliant wins, but also some bad losses. His playing career ended by age 35 because he struggled with a mental illness, but he went on to become a trainer.


Robert Vaughn

Without being listed in the credits, Robert Vaughn appeared in "The Ten Commandments" (1956). This was his first job in movies. Two years later he starred in the science fiction movie "Teenage Cave Man".

In 1959, he was nominated for an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and Laurel Awards for "best supporting actor" for his role in "The Young Philadelphians" (1959), with Paul Newman. His second major role was in the movie directed by John Sturges, "The Magnificent Seven" (1960). The movie also starred Yul Brynner and Steve McQueen. Vaughn played an expert gunman. He was one of the 7 Magnificent that helped the peasants.

In 1967, he starred in action movie "The Venetian Affair", directed by Jerry Thorpe. A year later, he had a role in "Bullitt" (1968), with Steve McQueen. For this work Robert Vaughn was nominated for a BAFTA Award, for "Best Supporting Actor". In 1969 he starred with George Segal, in the war movie "The Bridge at Remagen" (1969). Then in 1970, has the role of Servilius Casca in "Julius Caesar", with Charlton Heston.

In Irwin Allen Production's, "The Towering Inferno" (1974), Vaughn played Senator Parker. He was one of the people who are trapped in the tower.

His other movie credits include "Starship Invasions" (1977), with Christopher Lee and directed by Ed Hunt, "Brass Target" (1978), "Virus" (1980) and "The Delta Force" (1986), with Chuck Norris.
He also worked on "Superman III" (1983) as Ross Webster.

Robert Vaughn is widely known for playing the role of agent Napoleon Solo in NBC TV series "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", with David McCallum. He played Napoleon Solo for 104 episodes of the series between 1964 and 1968

Success was so great that there were several movies. These included "To Trap a Spy" (1964), "The Spy with My Face" (1965), "One Spy Too Many" (1966), "One of Our Spies is Missing" (1966), "The Spy in the Green Hat" (1966), "The Karate Killers" (1967), "The Helicopter Spies" (1968), "How to Steal the World" (1968).

In 1983 Vaughn and McCallum were reunited for the TV movie "The Return of the Man from U.N.C.L.E.: The Fifteen Years Later Affair".

In 1965 and 1966 Robert Vaughn was nominated twice for the Golden Globe Award as "Best TV Star - Male" for "The Man from U.N.C.L.E."

In 1963 he starred in her first television series "The Lieutenant", as Captain Ray Rambridge. In 1970s worked in the TV mini-series "Captains and the Kings" (1976), "Washington: Behind Closed Doors" (1977), and "Centennial" (1978-1979). Robert Vaughn also worked for the British television. He starred in series "The Protectors" (1972-1974). Vaughn played the role of Harry Rule for 52 episodes of the series. In 1986, he was hired to play the role of General Hunt Stockwell, in "The A-Team", with George Peppard.

He also worked in the television western "The Magnificent Seven" (1998) as Judge Oren Travis.

Vaughn has been guest star on many TV series. These include "Frontier" (1956), "Gunsmoke" (1956 - 1957), "The Rifleman" (1958), "Law of the Plainsman" (1959), "Thriller" (1961), "Police Woman" (1975-1976), "Columbo" (1976), "Hawaii 5-0" (1979), "The Love Boat" (1981), "Stingray" (1986), "Hunter" (1989), "Murder, She Wrote" (1985-1992), "Kung Fu: The Legend Continues" (1993), "Walker, Texas Ranger" (1996), "" (2006) and "Little Britain USA".

He received an Emmy Award as supporting actor, for TV movie "Washington: Behind Closed Doors".

Between 2004 and 2011, Vaughn starred in the series "Hustle".


Mike Shaw

Mike Shaw (May 9, 1957 – September 11, 2010) was an American professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and World Wrestling Federation (WWF) under the ring names, Norman The Lunatic and Bastion Booger. He was married to his wife and they had two children. He died on September 11, 2010 due to a heart attack.

Shaw held many championships during his professional wrestling career:





Robert W. Holley

Robert William Holley (January 28, 1922; Urbana, Illinois – February 11, 1993) was an American biochemist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, which he won for describing the structures for alanine transfer RNA, linking DNA and protein synthesis.

Buff Bagwell

Marcus Alexander Bagwell (born January 10, 1970 in Marietta, Georgia) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for wrestling with World Championship Wrestling (WCW), World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring name, Buff Bagwell.

Bagwell held many championships during his professional wrestling career:


Jay Lethal

Jamar Shipman (born April 21, 1985 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) is an American professional wrestler who currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and Ring of Honor (ROH) under the ring name, Jay Lethal. He is also known for wrestling for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) from 2005 to 2011.

Lethal has held many championships during his professional wrestling career:


Lamborghini Miura

The Lamborghini Miura is a sports car that was built by Lamborghini from 1966 to 1972. The Miura is named after the fighting bull. It was designed by Marcello Gandini. 764 automobiles were produced.


Chase Field

Chase Field is the home baseball park of the Arizona Diamondbacks. It is in downtown Phoenix, Arizona. The Diamondbacks moved into Chase Field in 1998 when the team was established. At that time the stadium was called Bank One Ballpark, or "The BOB". It was renamed Chase Field after the merger of Bank One with Chase. Chase Field also hosted the NCAA Insight Bowl from 2000 to 2005.


M&amp;T Bank Stadium

M&T Bank Stadium is the home football stadium of the Baltimore Ravens. It is in downtown Baltimore, Maryland. The Ravens moved into M&T Bank Stadium in 1998 after spending a two years in Memorial Stadium. M&T Bank Stadium has also hosted the NCAA Lacrosse Final Four in 2003, 2004 and 2007.


Lorne Greene

Lorne Greene (February 12, 1915 – September 11, 1987), was a Canadian actor and singer.

Greene was born on February 12, 1915 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. His first movie was "Churchill's Island" (1941), as narrator. He was in films such as "The Silver Chalice" (1954), "Autumn Leaves" (1956), with Joan Crawford, "Peyton Place" (1957), with Lana Turner, "The Buccaneer" (1958), with Yul Brynner, and "Earthquake" (1974), with Charlton Heston.

Greene also had roles in some low-budget westerns, including "The Last of the Fast Guns" (1958), "The Hangman" (1959), 
He also worked on the Japanese film "Nippon chinbotsu" (1974).

Greene gained fame in 1959 starring in the NBC western "Bonanza". He played role of Ben Cartwright, the owner of the Ponderosa Ranch in Virginia City.
Also in the series were Pernell Roberts as Adam Cartwright, Michael Landon as Joseph 'Little Joe' Cartwright, and Dan Blocker as Eric 'Hoss' Cartwright. 

The series was a success and lasted for 14 seasons between 1959 and 1973.

In the early years of Greene's career, he made guest appearances on television shows including "Ford Television Theatre" (1953), "Producers' Showcase" (1955), "General Motors Presents" (1955), "The United States Steel Hour" (1956), "Kraft Television Theatre" (1957), "Shirley Temple's Storybook" (1958). 
In 1955, he starred in his first series "Sailor of Fortune", as Capt. Mitchell. The series was co-produced by Canada and Britain television, and lasted one season.
He was also a detective in "Griff" (1973-1974) created by Larry Cohen. Greene played Wade Griffin, a police officer with many years of service who leaves the force to become a private investigator

Another of his memorable roles was that of John Reynolds in the TV mini-series "Roots" (1977).
Greene continued to have success on television as the star of the science fiction series "Battlestar Galactica" (1978-1979), and "Galactica" (1980) where he played the role of Commander Adama. The series featured special effects never before seen on American television.


David McCallum

David Keith McCallum (19 September 1933 – 25 September 2023) was a Scottish actor. He was born in Glasgow, Scotland. McCallum was best known for playing Illya Kuryakin in "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." and Dr Donald "Ducky" Mallard on "NCIS".

McCallum's first movie work was in "Ill Met by Moonlight" (1957), followed "The Secret Place" (1957). Later, he worked in "The Long and the Short and the Tall" (1961), "Billy Budd" (1962), and "Freud" (1962). McCallum played a role in the movie "The Great Escape" (1962), with Steve McQueen and directed by John Sturges. In 1965, he worked in the in biblical movie "The Greatest Story Ever Told" (1965). In this movie he played Judas. In 1966, he co-starred in "Around the World Under the Sea" (1966), with Lloyd Bridges.

He had a strong performance in first lead role in a movie in "Mosquito Squadron" (1969), directed by Boris Sagal. In 1970s, McCallum acted in movies as "Dogs" (1976), "The Kingfisher Caper" (1976),

Most of his career has been in television. He has worked for over fifty years in television both in the United States and the United Kingdom. His first appearances were in British television in "Our Mutual Friend" (1958), "The Eustace Diamonds" (1959), "BBC Sunday-Night Theatre" (1959) and "BBC Sunday-Night Play" (1960). In 1964, he played the role of Illya Kuryakin in the American TV series "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.". McCallum played the character for 114 episodes. For this series McCallum was nominated for two Emmy Awards and two Golden Globes. David McCallum also had success in British series "Colditz" (1972–1974), and "Sapphire & Steel" (1979–1982). 

He also played role the invisible man in NBC TV series, "The Invisible Man". In the 1990s, he was in the sci-fi series VR.5 as Doctor Joseph Bloom. He worked on the American series "The Replacements" (2006–2009) and CBS TV series "" (2003-2011), as Dr. Donald Mallard.

McCallum died of natural causes on 25 September 2023 at a hospital in New York City, less than a week after his 90 birthday.


Memorial Stadium (Baltimore)

Memorial Stadium was a stadium in Baltimore, Maryland, USA. The stadium was home to the National Football League (NFL) team, the Baltimore Ravens from 1996 to 1997 and was also home to the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball from 1954 to 1991, as well as the Baltimore Colts from 1954 to 1983, and the Baltimore Stallions from 1986 to 1987. The stadium was demolished in 2001. In 2010 a new baseball field was built on the same site of the Memorial stadium and Cal Ripken was at the ribbon-cutting. It was nicknamed "The Old Grey Lady of 33rd Street" and "The World's Largest Outdoor Insane Asylum", for the infamous fan noise. The stadium eventually lost teams because it could not compete with other newer stadiums. There was a plaque on the stadium honoring allied soldiers in World War II. A replica now sits outside Oriole Park at Camden Yards, the new home of the Orioles. The Ravens now play in M&T Bank Stadium.


Sumac

Sumac, also spelled sumach, is a flowering plant.

Sumacs are small trees. The leaves are arranged like spirals. The flowers are in spikes. Each flower is very small, greenish, creamy white or red, with five petals. The fruits form clusters of reddish drupes called "sumac bobs".

Cubeb

Cubeb ("Piper cubeba"), also known as tailed pepper or Java pepper, is a plant in genus "Piper" is used for its fruit and essential oil. It is usually found in Java, and so it is sometimes called Java pepper. The fruits are gathered before they are ripe, and dried carefully. The seed of the plant is white and hard oily.

In Europe, cubeb was one of the valuable spices during the Middle Ages. It was used in sauces. An old recipe includes cubeb in making "sauce sarcenes", which consists of almond milk and a few spices. As a good-smelling snack, cubeb was often candied and eaten.

Evolution: The Modern Synthesis

Evolution: The Modern Synthesis is the title of a book by Julian Huxley which was published in 1942. It was the book which gave the modern evolutionary synthesis its name, and was one of the most important books on biology in the mid-twentieth century.

Huxley was one of the main architects of the new evolutionary synthesis which took place around the time of World War II.

Huxley's first 'trial run' was the treatment of evolution in the "Science of Life" (1929–30), and in 1936 he published a long and significant paper for the British Association. In 1938 came three lengthy reviews on major evolutionary topics.

Two of these papers were on the subject of sexual selection, an idea of Darwin's whose standing has been revived in recent times. Huxley thought that sexual selection was "...merely an aspect of natural selection". This rather grudging acceptance of sexual selection was influenced by his studies on the courtship of the Great Crested Grebe (and other birds that pair for life): the courtship takes place mostly "after" mate selection, not before.

Now it was time for Huxley to tackle the subject of evolution at full length, in what became the defining work of his life.

His role was that of a synthesiser, and it helped that he had met many of the other participants. His book "Evolution: The Modern Synthesis" was written whilst he was Secretary to the Zoological Society, and made use of his remarkable collection of reprints covering the first part of the century. It was published in 1942.

Reviews of the book in learned journals were little short of ecstatic; the American Naturalist called it "The outstanding evolutionary treatise of the decade, perhaps of the century. The approach is thoroughly scientific; the command of basic information amazing".

Huxley's main co-respondents in the modern evolutionary synthesis are usually listed as Ernst Mayr, Theodosius Dobzhansky, George Gaylord Simpson, Bernhard Rensch, Ledyard Stebbins and the population geneticists J.B.S. Haldane, Ronald Fisher and Sewall Wright.<br> However, at the time of Huxley's book several of these had yet to make their distinctive contribution. Certainly, for Huxley, E.B. Ford and his co-workers in ecological genetics were at least as important.

It was Huxley who coined the terms "the new synthesis" and "evolutionary synthesis"; he also invented the term "cline" in 1938 to describe species whose members fall into a series of sub-species with continuous change in characters over a geographical area. The classic example of a cline is the circle of subspecies of the gull "Larus" round the Arctic zone. This cline is an example of a "ring species".<br>Some of Huxley's last contributions to the evolutionary synthesis were on the subject of ecological genetics. He noted how surprisingly widespread polymorphism is in nature, with visible morphism much more prevalent in some groups than others. The immense diversity of colour and pattern in small bivalve molluscs, brittlestars, sea anemones, tubicular polychaetes and various grasshoppers is perhaps maintained by making recognition by predators more difficult.

Electronic commerce

Electronic commerce more well known as e-commerce consists of the buying or selling of products via electronic means such as the internet or other electronic services. This type of trade has been growing rapidly because of the expansion of the Internet.

The need for electronic commerce emerged from the need to use computers more efficiently in banks and corporations. With the increasing competition have been devices and device service, there was a need amongst organizations to increase customer satisfaction and information exchange. Electronic commerce started with the introduction of electronic funds transfer (EFT) by banks. Over time many variants of EFTs within banks were introduced like debit cards, credit cards, and direct deposits.

John Stewart Bell

John Stewart Bell (28 June 1928 – 1 October 1990) was a Northern Irish physicist who made great contributions to quantum physics, and especially to the question of what Heisenberg's uncertainty principle really tells us about the world.


http://www.ffn.ub.es/luisnavarro/nuevo_maletin/Bell%20(1964)_Bell%27s%20theorem.pdf

Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz

Duchess Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz (German: "Luise Auguste Wilhelmine Amalie Herzogin zu Mecklenburg"; 10 March 1776 – 19 July 1810) was Queen consort of Prussia as the wife of King Frederick William III.

After her husband's ascension, Louise developed many ties to senior ministers and became a powerful figure within the government as she began to command universal respect and affection. The queen always tried to stay informed of political developments at court, and from the very beginning of his reign the new king consulted Louise on matters of state.

Though Prussia had not fought in a war since 1795, its military leaders were confident that they could win against Napoleon's troops. After a small incident concerning an anti-French pamphlet occurred, King Frederick William was finally pressured by his wife and family to break off his uneasy peace and enter the war against the French emperor. Prussian troops began mobilizing, culminating in the October 1806 Battle of Jena-Auerstedt, which was a disaster for Prussia, as the ability of its armed forces to continue the war were effectively wiped out. The king and queen had accompanied their troops into battle at Jena (with Louise apparently dressed "like an Amazon"), but had to flee from French troops.

Napoleon himself occupied Berlin, and the king, queen and the rest of the royal family had to flee, despite Louise's illness, in the dead of winter to Königsberg in the easternmost part of the kingdom. On the journey there, there was no food or clean water, and the king and queen were forced to share the same sleeping arrangements in "one of the wretched barns they call houses", according to one witness traveling with them.

Napoleon demanded, from a highly superior position, peace terms in what was to be called the Peace of Tilsit (1807). In the midst of these negotiations, the emperor agreed to keep half of Prussia intact. Louise reluctantly agreed to meet the emperor at Tilsit, but only to save "her Prussia." She tried to use her beauty and charm to flatter him into more favorable terms. Before she had called him "the Monster", but now she made a request for a private interview with the emperor. She threw herself at his feet; Napoleon was impressed by her grace and determination, but he refused to make any concessions. Queen Louise's efforts to protect her adopted country from French aggression became well admired by future generations.

On 19 July 1810, the Queen died in her husband's arms from an unidentified illness. The queen's subjects attributed the French occupation as the cause of her early death. Louise's death left her husband alone during a period of great difficulty, as the Napoleonic Wars and need for reform continued. Napoleon remarked the king "has lost his best minister."




De revolutionibus orbium coelestium

De revolutionibus orbium coelestium ("On the revolutions of the heavenly spheres") is great work of the Renaissance astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus (1473–1543).

The book, first printed in 1543 in Nuremberg, Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation, offered proof that the Earth went round the Sun, and not vice versa, as had been thought. 

This was an alternative model of the universe to Ptolemy's Earth-centered system, which had been accepted since ancient times.

Copernicus had worked his ideas out many years before, however he did not publish until right before his death because he himself did not truly believe it and only proposed the idea as a philosophy experiment. 

In its standard English edition, the book contains 330 folio pages, 100 pages of tables, and over 20,000 tabulated numbers.

The book is dedicated to Pope Paul III in a preface that argues that mathematics, not physics, should be the basis for understanding and accepting his new theory. 

"De revolutionibus" is divided into six "books" (sections or parts): 

This book is often referred to as the start of modern science.

1989 Loma Prieta earthquake

The 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake was an earthquake that took place in the San Francisco Bay Area. It happened on October 17, 1989, at 5:04 p.m. The earthquake caused over 67 deaths. It caused billions of dollars worth of property damage. The earthquake happened during one of the games of the 1989 World Series. Because of that, it is sometimes called the "World Series Quake".

International Energy Agency

The International Energy Agency (IEA; ) is an autonomous intergovernmental organization created in 1974 after the 1973 oil crisis. It is based in Paris. 

On 1 September 2015, Fatih Birol succeeded the 2011 Executive Director of the IEA, Maria van der Hoeven.


Lee Majors

Lee Majors (born April 23, 1939) is an American actor.

Majors began his career in small roles for movie and television. One role was in "Strait-Jacket" (1964), with Joan Crawford.

In 1965, he got the role of Heath Barkley on the ABC series "The Big Valley", with Barbara Stanwyck as the owner of the ranch, and mother of three of the Barkleys. Majors played the character for 112 episodes between 1965 and 1969. It was the first hit of his career.

After the success of "Big Valley". Major starred in the TV movie "The Ballad of Andy Crocker" (1969). He played a man who, after returning from Vietnam, loses the most precious things in his life.

In 1970, he was invited to join the cast of "The Virginian", starring James Drury. In "The Virginian", the role played by Roy Tate, during the 1970-1971 season of the series.

In 1971, he played Jess Brandon, assistant attorney, in "Owen Marshall: Counselor at Law".

In 1978, starred in the movie about Vikings "The Norseman". Then came "Killer Fish" (1979) and "Agency" (1980) with Robert Mitchum. 

In 1980, he starred in the television remake of "High Noon". In "High Noon, Part II: The Return of Will Kane" (1980), Majors played Will Kane. In this movie were two big western stars David Carradine and Pernell Roberts.

In 1981, he returned to television. He was successful in a number of television series. In "The Fall Guy", he played Colt Seavers, a stunt double who worked to solve criminal cases. The series was one of the biggest hits of Majors and remained in the air between 1981 and 1986.

In the 1990s, he co-starred in the series "Tour of Duty" and "Raven". He was a guest star on the series "Daytona Beach" (1996) and "Walker, Texas Ranger" (1998). In recent years he was a guest star on "Will & Grace" (2005), "Cold Case" (2007), "According to Jim" (2008), and "Human Target" (2010).

In 2011, the movie version of "The Big Valley" started being made. Majors plays Tom Barkley. 

One of Majors' most famous roles is that of Col. Steve Austin in the ABC series "The Six Million Dollar Man" (1974-1977). In that series, he played an astronaut whose body was rebuilt with bionic parts after a plane crash. His co-star was the actor Richard Anderson.

There were three movies pilots: "The Six Million Dollar Man" (1973), "The Six Million Dollar Man: Wine, Women and War" (1973) and "The Six Million Dollar Man: Solid Gold Kidnapping" (1973). 

Majors was in a reunion movie, "The Return of the Six-Million-Dollar Man and the Bionic Woman" (1987), "Bionic Showdown: The Six Million Dollar Man and The Bionic Woman" (1989), and "Bionic Ever After?" (1994).

In 1977, Majors was nominated for a Golden Globe Award as best actor for "The Six Million Dollar Man". 


Machel Montano

Machel Montano (born 24 November 1974) is a artist from Trinidad and Tobago. He is the lead of the soca band Xtatik. He had his first hit as a youth with "Too Young To Soca". He then won the 1987 Caribbean Song Festival.
Montano was born in Curepe (Northwestern Trinidad), and his family moved to Siparia, (Southwestern Trinidad), when he was very young.[6] He attended Siparia Boys' R.C., then Presentation College, a prestigious secondary school in San Fernando, where he was in the choir led by Mrs Cynthia Lee-Mac.[6] Machel first shot to fame as a nine-year-old boy with the song "Too Young To Soca" while he was still in primary school. In 1984, along with his older brother Marcus and neighbours, the group Pranasonic Express was started and, in 1989, the band became Xtatik. In April, 1986, at the age of 11, Montano appeared on the mainstream television show, Star Search.[7] In 1987, he took part in the Trinidad and Tobago National Song Writers Festival, and placed second with his song "Dream Girl". He also won the Caribbean Song Festival in Barbados. Such a win made Machel the first Trinidadian and youngest contestant to win this competition.
He is the front-man of the soca band The HD Family, and is noted for his high energy, fast-paced, and often unpredictable on-stage performances. In 1987 he was the youngest finalist to ever win the Caribbean Song Festival. His career spans more than 30 years.[2] He now stands as one of the most well-known soca acts in the world, using his leverage as an artist able to sell out shows.[3] Recently he has moved to the Los Angeles area[4] and furthered his pursuit, saying: "I may not be the one to bring it forth, but in the meantime, I have a lot of work to do in order for something to happen." He is very well known in New York City, where he has had sold out concerts in Madison Square Garden many times over.

ASAP

ASAP is an acronym that means "As soon as possible". This means that something should be done as fast as it is able to be done.

ASAP may also mean:


Viscera (wrestler)

Nelson Frazier, Jr. (February 14, 1971 – February 18, 2014) was an American professional wrestler. He is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring names Mabel, King Mabel, Viscera, Vis, and Big Daddy V. He also wrestled for All Japan Pro Wrestling under the ring name, Big Daddy V and Big Daddy Voodoo. He was forced to retire from WWE for good as WWE did not want to be responsible for his health problems.
Frazier was in the 2009 movie "The Legend of Awesomest Maximus" co-starring Will Sasso and Rip Torn. He also was in the movie "Wrong Side of Town" with fellow wrestlers Dave Batista and Rob Van Dam.

On the night of February 18, 2014, it was reported that Frazier had died following a heart attack, four days after turning 43.


Sylvain Grenier

Sylvain Grenier (born March 26, 1977 in Varennes, Québec) is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is best known for his time working with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). He is known for wrestling for the tag team, La Résistance along with Rob Conway and René Duprée.
Grenier held many championships during his professional wrestling career:



Trevor Murdoch

William Theodore Mueller (born September 10, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) and competes under the ring name Trevor Murdoch. 

He is also known for his time in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). While in WWE as Trevor Murdoch, he was known for his tag team with the late Lance Cade. In ECW and NWA:TNA, he went by the ring name Stan Dupp and was a member of the stable, The Dupps. In TNA, he used the ring name Jethro Holiday. He is a two-time NWA Worlds Heavyweight Champion and a three-time WWE World Tag Team Champion with Cade.

Lovage

Lovage ("Levisticum officinale") is a tall perennial plant.

Lovage leaves can be used in salads or to make soup, and the roots can be eaten as vegetable or grated for use in salads. Lovage seeds can be used as a spice. In the UK, lovage cordial was traditionally mixed with brandy as a winter drink. 

White mustard

White mustard is an annual plant.

The yellow flowers of the plant make seed pods, with each pod having a half dozen seeds. These seeds are harvested just before the pods become ripe.

White mustard seeds are hard and round, usually around 1 to 1.5 millimetres, with a color forming from beige or yellow to light brown.

In Greece, the plant's leaves can be eaten during the winter, before it blooms. Greeks call it "vrouves" or "lapsana".

The blooming season of this plant (February–March) is celebrated in the Mustard Festival.

Tiffany Thornton

Tiffany Dawn Thornton (born February 14, 1986 in College Station, Texas, U.S.) is an American actress, comedian and singer, best known for her co-starring role as Tawni Hart on the Disney Channel Original Series, "Sonny with a Chance."

Thornton made her television acting debut on the pilot episode of the Fox sitcom, "Quintuplets". She then went on to guest star on "8 Simple Rules", "American Dreams", "The O.C.", "Desperate Housewives", "That's So Raven", "Jericho", "Wizards of Waverly Place" and "Hannah Montana". 

In 2009, she began her role as Tawni Hart on the Disney Channel Original Series, "Sonny with a Chance" and then went on to play a part in the Disney Channel Original Movie, "Hatching Pete".

Thornton became engaged to her boyfriend of one year, Christopher Carney, a court officer, in December 2009. She has openly stated, "I am a Christian. I would have nothing without my faith."



Lee Van Cleef

Clarene LeRoy Van Cleef Jr. (January 9, 1925 – December 16, 1989) was an American actor.

Born in Somerville, New Jersey, U.S.. His first roles were the villain Jack Colby in the western classic "High Noon" (1952) with Gary Cooper, and the sci fi movie "The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms" (1953) as Corp. Stone. Other classic western movies, he played a minor role in "Gunfight at the O.K. Corral" (1957), as Ed Bailey, and "The Tin Star" (1957), as Ed McGaffey. 

Lee Van Cleef jumped to fame in the spaghetti westerns, directed by Sergio Leone, "For a Few Dollars More" (1965) and "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" (1966), with Clint Eastwood in the title role. 

He had great success in European cinema in Italy is the protagonist of Spaghetti Westerns: "The Big Gundown" (1966) - "Death Rides a Horse" (1967) - "Day of Anger" (1967) - "Beyond the Law" (1968) - "Sabata" (1969) - "Return of Sabata" (1971) - "Bad Man's River" (1971) - "The Grand Duel " (1972) - "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" (1973) - "The Stranger and the Gunfighter" (1974) - "Take a Hard Ride" (1975) - "God`s Gun" (1976).

In the United States, Van Cleef also starred in some western movies such as "Barquero" (1970), by Gordon Douglas, and "The Magnificent Seven Ride!" (1972) by George McCowan

In the early 1980s he worked in the film "The Octagon" (1980), with Chuck Norris, "Escape from New York" (1981), directed by John Carpenter, and "Armed Response" (1986), with David Carradine.

In 1984, Van Cleef was the main protagonist of the NBC television series "The Master", created by Michael Sloan, Lee plays an ex-military master martial arts expert ninja. Although it only lasted 13 episodes in the series keeps hundreds of thousands of fans around the world.

He also guest starred in the TV series "The Range Rider" - "The Adventures of Champion" - "The Gene Autry Show" - "The Lone Ranger" - "Brave Eagle" - "Trackdown" - "Wagon Train" - "Laramie" - "Rawhide" - "Branded" - "Laredo" - "Gunsmoke", always playing villain roles

Selected Filmography: 


Loud (album)

Loud is the fifth studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released November 12, 2010. This record produced several hit songs, including number one hits "Only Girl (In the World)", "What's My Name?" and "S&M". The album received mostly positive reviews from the music critics.
The album has sold over 3 milion copies and was fifth on the "Billboard" 200. The album was more upbeat and happy compared to 2009's "Rated R" and features a more dance-pop, hip hop and R&B sound. The album also marks a return to Rihanna's early reggae sound from her first two albums. Several rappers made an appearance on the album including Eminem, Drake and Nicki Minaj.




Credits for "Loud" adapted from Allmusic.



David Soul

David Soul (August 28, 1943 – January 5, 2024) was an American actor, director, and singer.

His career began with small roles in television series such as "Flipper" (1967), "I Dream of Jeannie" (1967), and "Star Trek" (1967) as Makora. 

In 1968 he played the role of Joshua Bolt on the television comedy "Here Come the Brides".
In the early '70s he continued to work as a guest actor in shows and series for television such as
"The Young Rebels" (1970), "Dan August" (1971), "Ironside" (1971), "All in the Family" (1972), "The Streets of San Francisco" (1972), "The F.B.I." (1972), "Ghost Story" (1973), "Cannon" (1973). 

He also got two small roles in the films "Johnny Got His Gun" (1971), and "Magnum Force" (1974, with Clint Eastwood), Soul plays of role Officer John Davis one of the members of the death squad.

In 1974 he co-starred with Glenn Ford in the television film "The Disappearance of Flight 412" directed by Jud Taylor. In 1979, Soul starred in "Salem's Lot", a horror movie about vampires

The decade of the 1980s brought a lot of work television to Soul. He got starring roles in "Swan Song" (1980), "Rage!" (1980), "Homeward Bound" (1981), "World War III" (1982), and "Through Naked Eyes" (1983).

One of his best films was "In the Line of Duty: The F.B.I. Murders" (1988), directed by Dick Lowry. He plays a criminal who, with an accomplice, committed a long string of crimes in the state of Florida. they meet in a bloody shootout with FBI members.

In the 1990s Soul worked on the big screen with Dolph Lundgren in "Pentathlon" (1994), directed by Bruce Malmuth.
Some years ago Soul worked on British television, has participated in such films as "The Dark Lantern" (2004), "Jerry Springer: The Opera" (2005).

Soul shot to stardom in 1975 as star of the detective series "Starsky and Hutch". He played Detective Sergeant Ken Hutchinson who, along with Dave Starsky Paul Michael Glaser, had to stop all kinds of criminals. The stories deal with simple cases of theft to serial killings. Soul played the character of Ken Hutchinson in 82 episodes between 1975 and 1979.

Soul also had a successful career as a singer. He had hits like "Don't Give Up On Us" and "Silver Lady", which peaked at number one on the charts in Britain in 1977. Soul recorded five albums: "David Soul" (1976), "Playing To An Audience Of One" (1977), "Band Of Friends" (1979), The "Best Days Of My Life" (1982), and "Leave A Light On" (1997).

Soul died on January 5, 2024 at a London hospital from problems caused by COPD and lung cancer, aged 80.


List of science books

The List of science books is mainly got from:







Morning glory

Morning glory is a family of common flowering plants known as Convolvulaceae which includes bindweed.

Most morning glory flowers curl up and close during the warm parts of the day, and are wide open in the morning, like their name. On a cloudy day, the flower may last until night. The flowers usually start to fade a few hours before the petals start curling. They prefer full sun throughout the day. Some morning glories - such as "Ipomoea muricata -" are night-blooming flowers.

"Ipomoea aquatica" (known as "water spinach", "water morning-glory", "water convolvulus", "Ong-Choy", "Kang-kung", or "swamp cabbage") is used as a green vegetable.

Edelweiss

Edelweiss is a well-known Europe mountain flower.

Leaves and flowers are covered with white hairs and look woolly. Each Edelweiss bloom has five to six small yellow flower heads surrounded by leaflets in a star shape. The flowers are in bloom between July and September.

The Edelweiss prefers rocky limestone places. It has been used traditionally in folk medicine. The hair on the flower protect the Edelweiss from cold.

Borage

Borage, also known as starflower, is an annual herb.
The flowers are perfect with five narrow, triangular-pointed petals. Flowers are most often blue in color, although pink flowers are sometimes examined. White flowered types are also grown.

As a fresh vegetable, borage, with a cucumber like taste, is often used in salads or as a garnish. The flower, which has the non-toxic pyrrolizidine alkaloid thesinine, has a sweet honey-like taste and as one of the few truly blue-colored eatable things, is often used to decorate dessert.

Garden cress

Garden cress ("Lepidium sativum") is a fast-growing eatable herb that is related to watercress and mustard, sharing their peppery taste and aroma. Garden cress is usually grown in England, France, the Netherlands and Scandinavia.

Garden Cress is added to soups, sandwiches and salads for its tangy taste. It is also eaten as sprouts, and the fresh or dried seed pods can be used as a peppery seasoning. In England, cut cress shoots are used in sandwiches with boiled eggs, mayonnaise and salt.

Tonka bean

The tonka bean is the seed of "Dipteryx odorata", a species of flowering tree in the pea family Fabaceae. They are black and wrinkled and have a smooth brown center.

Tonka Beans had been used as a vanilla substitute, as a perfume, and in tobacco before being banned in some countries. They are used in some French cuisine (particularly, in desserts and stews) and in perfumes. Today, main producers of the seeds are Venezuela and Nigeria.

The beans were also spelled as "Tonquin" and "Tonkin", although it has no link with Tonkin, now part of Vietnam.

Herculaneum

Herculaneum was an ancient Roman town. It was completely destroyed when the volcano Mount Vesuvius erupted on 24 August, 79 AD. Herculaneum was covered by volcanic mud during the eruption, which quickly hardened to a semi-rock material. Herculaneum is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Unlike Pompeii, the deep pyroclastic material which covered it preserved most objects in its path. Archaeologists have recovered wooden and other objects such as rooves, beds, doors, and food. Some 300 skeletons were discovered along the sea shore. It was thought until then that the town had been evacuated by its inhabitants.

Herculaneum was a wealthier town than Pompeii, however it was not as famous after the eruption of Vesuvius in 79 AD. It had many fine houses with a lavish use of coloured marble cladding, mosaics and wall paintings.

Martin Hinteregger

Martin Hinteregger ( born September 7 th, 1992 in Feldkirchen, Carinthia) is an Austrian footballplayer and plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Football Bundesliga as defender.
He started playing in the local soccer club SGA Sirnitz and played in different youth teams. 2006 he came to Red Bull Salzburg. His first match in professional football was on April, 23rd 2006 in the second squad of Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Football First League, which is the second highest league in Austria. Due to the injury of Andreas Ulmer he was transferred to the first squad. His first match in the Bundesliga was versus SV Kapfenberg on October 16, 2010. Five days later he debuted in an international match versus Juventus Turin. In the season 2010/11 he plaed 17 times for the first squad of FC Salzburg. This was honoured through the title "Rookie of the Year 2010" in the Leonidas-election where the best athlets in Salzburg are elected. In the 2013/14 season he became a regular member of the starting team.

Martin Hinteregger played in different Austrian youth teams so U17 (two times), U18 and U19(4 times). U stands for "under". On November 19th, 2013 he played his first match in the national team against the USA.

His grandfather was in the first team of the new founded SGA Sirnitz and his sister is playing in the womansquad of the club.

Stratigraphy

Stratigraphy is a branch of geology which studies rock formations called strata (layers). It is important in the study of sedimentary and layered vocanic rocks.

The subject was established by Nicolaus Steno whose book "De solido" contained these principles: 

William Smith first used stratigraphy for a practical purpose in the 1790s and early 19th century. Smith, nicknamed "Strata Smith", made the first geological map of England. He understood that fossils could be used identify the same strata in different places. 

He took samples and mapped the positions of the strata, noted the vertical extent of the strata, and drew cross-sections and tables of what he saw. Smith amassed a huge collection of fossils in strata he had examined. His most significant finding was:
There are many consequences of this idea. For geologists it means that when they find identical fossils in strata in different parts of the world, those strata were laid down at the same time. Also (this is a later realisation) the ecological conditions in which they were laid down would have been similar or identical in the different places. 

Lithostratigraphy deals with the physical rock type and how it changes from place to place. Changes in the rock (facies change) reflect changing environments of deposition. One of stratigraphy's basic concepts is codified in the "law of superposition", which simply states that, in an undeformed stratigraphic sequence, the oldest strata occur at the base of the sequence.

Biostratigraphy is based on fossil evidence in the rock layers. If strata from different places have the same fossil fauna and flora, they were laid down at the same time. 

Biostratigraphy was based on William Smith's "principle of faunal succession", which was one of the first and most powerful lines of evidence for evolution. It gives evidence of the formation (speciation) and extinction of species. 

The geological timescale was developed during the 19th century based on the evidence of biostratigraphy and faunal succession. This timescale remained a relative scale until the development of radiometric dating, which gave it an absolute time framework.

Insulin pump

Insulin pumps are medical devices used to administering insulin for treatment of diabetes mellitus. These devices are an alternative to constant and daily injections of insulin via syringe or pen. An insulin pump allows intensive insulin therapy when used along with carb counting and blood glucose monitors.

Robert Wagner

Robert John Wagner, Jr. (born February 10, 1930 in Detroit, Michigan, U.S.), is an American actor. His paternal grandparents were from Germany.

His career began in 1950 as an extra in the movie "The Happy Years". Then he got a role in the war films "Halls of Montezuma" (1951), and "The Frogmen" (1951), with Richard Widmark, "What Price Glory?" (1952) with James Cagney and directed by John Ford.

In 1953 he was nominated for a Golden Globe for "Stars and Stripes Forever" (1952).

Then would have outstanding performances in movies as Prince Valiant (1954) directed by Henry Hathaway and the Western, "Broken Lance" (1954) with Spencer Tracy and directed by Edward Dmytryk. 

In 1955 he obtained his first starred in the Western "White Feather" (1955), followed by Film-Noir A Kiss Before Dying (1956) and war film Between Heaven and Hell (1956) directed by Richard Fleischer.

Wagner played the legendary gunslinger Jesse James in the movie The True Story of Jesse James (1957) directed by Nicholas Ray

His works in the 1960's include The Longest Day (1962), The War Lover (1962) with Steve McQueen, The Pink Panther (1963) with Peter Sellers, and "Banning" (1967)

In 1974 Wagner, plays of role of Bigelow, one of the people trapped in burning building in "The Towering Inferno", with Steve McQueen and Paul Newman and directed by John Guillermin.

Another of his works in the 70s was in the war movie directed by Jack Smight, Midway (1976) as Lieutenant Commander Ernest L. Blake 

He also co-starred in "The Concorde... Airport '79" (1979) with Alain Delon.

In the 1980 he gets a few roles in movies like "Curse of the Pink Panther" (1983) directed by Blake Edwards, and I Am the Cheese (1983).

The 1990s were very good for him getting the role of Number Two in Austin Powers (1997) with Mike Myers.
Wagner returned to play the characters in Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me (1999), and Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002).

In the last decade, Wagner has worked in movies El padrino (2004), Hoot (2006), Man in the Chair (2007) with Christopher Plummer, The Wild Stallion (2009). 

Robert Wagner starred in three successful series for American television. One of them was "It Takes a Thief", Alexander Mundy a spy performing dangerous missions for the government of the United States. I also work in the series Fred Astaire as Alistair Mundy.

Wagner starred in the series for 66 episodes between 1968 and 1970. and was nominated for an Emmy and Golden Globe Awards in 1970

In 1975 Wagner stars with Eddie Albert, the series of detectives created by Glen A. Larson, Switch (1975 - 1978). he plays detective Pete T. Ryan.

His television series "Hart to Hart" (1979-1984), was most successful of all, Wagner is Jonathan Hart who with his wife Jennifer Hart, Stefanie Powers, two detectives who solved the most difficult criminal cases in high society. 

The series created by Sidney Sheldon, was an immediate success.

Made several television movies including Hart to Hart, Hart to Hart Returns (1993), Hart to Hart: Home Is Where the Hart Is (1994), Hart to Hart: Crimes of the Hart (1994), Hart to Hart: Old Friends Never Die (1994), Hart to Hart: Two Harts in 3/4 Time (1995), Hart to Hart: Harts in High Season (1996) and Hart to Hart: Till Death Do Us Hart (1996).


Waves at shallow water

Waves at shallow water develop when the ocean surface waves travel into the coastal area where the wavelength is much larger than the water depth. The normal circular motion of the water particles there is disrupted by the ocean bottom. As the water becomes shallower, the swell on the water surface becomes higher and steeper. After the wave breaks, the water flows violently, turbulently. This is where erosion of the ocean bottom and shore line intensifies dramatically. The most devastating effect may happen in the case of tsunami.


Pernell Roberts

Pernell Roberts (May 18, 1928 - January 24, 2010) was an American actor.

Early in his career, Roberts got a small role in the film "Desire Under the Elms" (1958) with Sophia Loren and Anthony Perkins.

He worked in the western film starring Glenn Ford, "The Sheepman" (1958).

In 1959, Roberts got a co-star role in the western film "Ride Lonesome", with Randolph Scott. 
In 1959, he contracted with Lorne Greene, Michael Landon and Dan Blocker to star in the NBC television series "Bonanza". Roberts played Adam Cartwright, the eldest son of Ben Cartwright (Lorne Greene).

Roberts left the show after starring in 202 episodes between 1959 and 1965

In the 1970s he starred in westerns such as "Four Rode Out" (1970) and TV Western "The Bravos" (1972) with George Peppard.
He also starred in the television western "High Noon, Part II: The Return of Will Kane" (1980) with Lee Majors.

His other success in television was in the series "Trapper John, M.D." (1979-1986). He played the doctor John McIntyre.

For this series, Pernell Roberts was nominated for an Emmy in 1981.

Roberts was a special guest star in many TV shows like "Tombstone Territory" (1958), "Zane Grey Theater" (1958), "The Detectives" starring Robert Taylor (1960), Jim West, "Gunsmoke" (1967), "Mission Impossible" (1967-1973), "Banacek" (1972), "Mannix" (1973), "Police Story" (1974-1975), "The Six Million Dollar Man" (1976), "Baretta" (1977), "Vega$" (1980) and "Diagnosis Murder" (1994-1997).


Westerbork concentration camp

Westerbork was a concentration camp in Drenthe in the Netherlands. It was used by the Nazis in World War II.

Sievert

The Sievert, abbreviated "Sv" is the SI unit to measure the equivalent dose and commited dose of ionizing radiation, which represent the risk of bodily radiation dosage and harm as a result of it. It looks at how an organism reacts to a given dose. This is different from measuring the total absorbed dose, which is measured in grays. This unit is important in [radiation protection] and medical treatments such as [radiotherapy]. It is named after Rolf Sievert, a Swedish physicist and doctor, who did research on how radiation affects organisms.

List of Nazi concentration camps

This article lists some of concentration camps set up by the Third Reich, and includes camps such as Dachau which was set up at first to help the Nazis keep power and control political opponents, and other camps such as Auschwitz which was set up to help fulfil the Final Solution. The German Ministry of Justice, in 1967, named about 1200 camps and subcamps in countries occupied by Nazi Germany, while the Jewish Virtual Library writes "It is estimated that the Nazis established 15,000 camps in the occupied countries." Most of these camps were destroyed.

According to the table below, an estimated 7,991,460 people lost their lives in the camps.

The Event

The Event was an American television show on NBC. It is in the genre of science fiction. It is about a group of aliens who come to Earth. 97 of these aliens are being held by the United States government. They were held held for 66 years until they escaped. The show will have 22 episodes for the first season. On May 13, 2011, NBC announced that the show will end after one season due to declining ratings. However the producers said that Netflix or Syfy may pick it up.

At the end of World War II the aliens crash into Alaska. Some of them are taken by the United States. Others get away. They stay hidden taking normal jobs. Some of them are helping the aliens get back home. President Elias Martinez decides to release the aliens. However as he is holding a press conference the an airplane attempts to kill him. It does not work because the Aliens transport the plane to a desert in Arizona. The aliens that were being held told him that they were the only ones. However that was not true. Soon they escape the prison and attempt to kill the president. They have the Vice-President help with this. They save him.

"The Event" reached 10,800,000 people watching it for the first episode. However after that the ratings went down slowly to 4,000,000 for episode 14.

Before the show premiered, it was a mixture of "24", "Lost" and "The 4400". However many viewers found this show confusing and hard to follow. This was because of constant flashbacks and time jumps. The show soon went on a hiatus and came back with no more flashbacks.

Dan Blocker

Dan Blocker (December 10, 1928 – May 13, 1972) was an American actor.

Born in De Kalb, Bowie County, Texas. He began his career as an actor in short films such as "Hook a Crook" (1955) with Joe Besser, and "Outer Space Jitters" (1957), starring The Three Stooges. 

Blocker also starred in several roles in the series "The Restless Gun" (1957), with John Payne. 
Then play a regular role in "Cimarron City" 1958-1959, as Tiny Carl Budinger. 

He was also a guest-star on the TV western "Sheriff of Cochise", "Zane Grey Theater", "Have Gun - Will Travel", "Cheyenne", "Gunsmoke", "Maverick", "The Rebel", "Colt 45", "Wagon Train", "Jefferson Drum". 

He worked on such films as "Gunsight Ridge" (1957), with Joel McCrea, "Come Blow Your Horn" (1963), and "Lady in Cement" (1968) featuring Frank Sinatra., and participation in the TV movie with John Wayne, "Swing Out, Sweet Land" (1970) he plays a funny Indian.

In 1970 Dan Blocker starred in "Western Cockeyed Cowboys of Calico County", accompanied by genre figures Noah Beery Jr., Jack Elam, and special star Mickey Rooney.

Dan Blocker is known for playing the role of Eric 'Hoss' Cartwright, in "Bonanza", with Lorne Greene, Michael Landon and Pernell Roberts. The American series was made by NBC (1959-1973).

Hoss formed a great duo with 'Little Joe', Michael Landon recording very comic and serious scenes, also in alternating chapters of Bonanza, gunmen stories of drama and comedy.
Dan Blocker's "Hoss" character was personified in 415 chapters from 1959 to 1972.


List of subcamps of Sachsenhausen

The list of subcamps of Sachsenhausen shows forced labour facilities of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp.





List of subcamps of Ravensbrück

List of subcamps of Ravensbrück complex of Nazi concentration camps.


Kraków-Płaszów concentration camp

List of subcamps of the Kraków-Płaszów complex of Nazi concentration camps near Kraków, General Government, in occupied Poland between 1942–1944.


What's My Name?

"What's My Name?" is a 2010 song from Barbadian singer Rihanna and Canadian rapper Drake. This song was released in October 2010 and was praised by the music critics. It was a commercial success, topping the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and becoming her third number-one song during 2010. The song was Rihanna's seventh number-one hit in the US and Drake's first. It also reached number one on the UK Singles Chart and the top five in Canada, Ireland, and New Zealand.

In the video for the song, Rihanna and Drake are seen walking in a city until they meet in a grocery store. Rihanna dances throughout the video, with the two becoming romantic with one another.

List of subcamps of Stutthof

The following is a list of subcamps of Stutthof complex of Nazi concentration camps.




Long pepper

Long pepper ("Piper longum"), also known as the Indonesian long pepper, is a flowering vine in the family "Piperaceae", known for its fruit, which is usually dried and used as a spice.

Today, long pepper is a very rare ingredient in European cuisines, but it can still be found in Pakistani vegetable pickles, some North African spice mixtures, and in Indonesian and Malaysian cooking.

Zedoary

Zedoary is a perennial herb. This plant is native to India and Indonesia.

The eatable root of zedoary has a white core and an aroma like the mango; however, its taste is more similar to ginger, except with a very bitter aftertaste. In Indonesia, it is ground to a powder and added to curry pastes, whereas in India, it tends to be used fresh or in pickling.

Zedoary is also used in some traditional eastern medicines. Zedoary has been used to treat coronary heart disease, liver cancer, anemia, chronic pelvic inflammation and helps prevent leukopenia due to cancer therapies.

Hoja santa

Hoja santa ("Piper auritum") is a herb with a heart-shaped velvety leaf. The name "hoja santa" means "sacred leaf" in Spanish language. It is also known as yerba santa, hierba santa, Mexican pepperleaf, root beer plant, and sacred pepper.

The difficult taste of Hoja santa is not easy to describe. It has been compared to eucalyptus, licorice, sassafras, anise, nutmeg, mint, tarragon, and black pepper. The flavor is stronger in the young stems and veins.

Brandon McKinney

Brandon McKinney (born August 24, 1983 in Dayton, Ohio) is an American football nose tackle for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL). McKinney didn't get drafted but played college football at Michigan State University. McKinney started his NFL career with the San Diego Chargers in 2006 and played 3 seasons with them before signing a contract with the Baltimore Ravens on October 8, 2008. He played four seasons with the Ravens before signing with the Indianapolis Colts on April 4, 2012.


Kelly Gregg

Kelly Michael Gregg (born November 1, 1976 in Wichita, Kansas) is an American radio personality and former professional football nose tackle. He played parts of 11 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Philadelphia Eagles, Baltimore Ravens, and Kansas City Chiefs. Gregg was drafted out of the University of Oklahoma by the Cincinnati Bengals with the 173rd overall pick in the sixth round of the 1999 NFL Draft. Gregg won Super Bowl XXXV while he was part of the Baltimore Ravens practice squad.

In 2011, Gregg announced that he was retiring from playing professional football. Since retiring, Gregg has become a sports radio broadcaster and co-hosts a program on 107.7 The Franchise in Oklahoma City.


Anquan Boldin

Anquan Kenmile Boldin (born October 3, 1980) is a American former football wide receiver. He played for a total of 14 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Arizona Cardinals, Baltimore Ravens, San Francisco 49ers, and Detroit Lions. Boldin was drafted out of Florida State University by the Arizona Cardinals with the 54th overall pick in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft. Boldin has been selected for 3 Pro Bowls in 2003, 2006 and 2009. He has been known for his physical play. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

On August 20, 2017, Boldin retired from playing professional football. On October 14, 2019, the Ravens held an official retirement ceremony for him.

In 2017, Boldin and Malcolm Jenkins founded the Players Coalition to help NFL players work for racial justice. Part of the Coalition is a charity and part is a political action group. By January 2020, the Coalition had given more than US$25 million to charities.

During the 2020 George Floyd protests, Boldin appeared on "The Daily Show" to talk about police racism and how athletes and the NFL could help society. He said why he founded the Players Coalition: "For me it was really important. Unfortunately, I lost my cousin at the hands of law enforcement. He was a drummer in a band. One night after ashow he had just played with his band, he ended up breaking down by the side of the road. Long story short, a law enforcement officer killed him while he was on the phone with roadside assistance. For me, seeing the pain my family went through, seeing how long the process was before we felt like justice was served, I didn't want any other family to have to deal with that."

"I can tell you that, even after having money, I found myself in those situations where I'm pulled over just because of the car that I'm driving or the color of my skin. Having money doesn't exempt you from being black in America."
He said he was glad that sporting events had been canceled because of COVID-19: "The one thing I'm happy that is not happening right now is that sports isn't being played." He then named many tournaments and other events that had been cancelled. "...and everybody "could" be distracted by those things that are going on, but because you don't have sports, everybody's attention is focused on this one thing. And I think, for us, this is the opportunity to really create change. It's an opportunity for us to really strategize and have a game plan going forward. So I'm actually happy that there are no sports because there's nothing to distract people from the real issue that needs to be talked about."


Red Bank, Tennessee

Red Bank is a city in Hamilton County, Tennessee, United States. The population of Red Bank was 11,899 in 2020. The city of Red Bank is an enclave. It is surrounded by Chattanooga.


Cranbrook, British Columbia

Cranbrook is a Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada. Cranbrook is in the southeastern and the East Kootenay region of British Columbia. At the 2006 census, 18,947 people lived in Cranbrook. It was named a city in 1905. Cranbrook was home to an WHL team called the Kootenay Ice until they moved to Winnipeg in 2019.


Colwood, British Columbia

Colwood is a Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada. Colwood is southwest of Victoria. It is on Vancouver Island. There were 14,687 people living there at the 2006 consensus. The current mayor of Colwood is David Saunders.


Ecstasy

Ecstasy may refer to:



Alderney camps

The Alderney concentration camps were built and operated by Nazi Germany during its World War II occupation of the Channel Islands. The Channel Islands were the only British Commonwealth soil to be occupied by the Nazis. The Nazis built four concentration camps on Alderney Island, subcamps of the Neuengamme camp outside Hamburg. They were named after the Frisian Islands: Lager Norderney, Lager Borkum, Lager Sylt and Lager Helgoland. The Nazi Organisation Todt operated each subcamp and used forced labour to build bunkers, gun emplacements, air-raid shelters, and concrete fortifications. The camps started working in January 1942 and had a total inmate population of about 6,000.

The "Borkum" and "Helgoland" camps were "volunteer" (Hilfswillige) labour camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but a little bit better than the inmates at the "Sylt" and "Norderney" camps. The prisoners in "Lager Sylt" and "Lager Norderney" were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney. "Sylt camp" held Jewish enforced labourers. "Norderney camp" housed European (usually Eastern but including Spaniard) and Russian enforced labourers. "Lager Borkum" was used for German technicians and "volunteers" from different countries of Europe. "Lager Helgoland" was filled with Russian Organisation Todt workers.

In 1942, "Lager Norderney", containing Russian and Polish POWs, and "Lager Sylt", holding Jews, were placed under the control of the SS Hauptsturmführer Max List. Over 700 of the inmates lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to Nazi Germany in 1944.

After World War II, a court-martial case was prepared against ex-SS Hauptsturmführer Max List, citing atrocities on Alderney. However, he did not stand trial, and is believed to have lived near Hamburg until his death in the 1980s.

Lager Borkum

Lager Borkum was a Nazi concentration camp on Alderney, in the Bailiwick of Guernsey, in the Channel Islands, named after the East Frisian Island of Borkum.

The Germans built four concentration camps on the island, subcamps of the Neuengamme concentration camp (in Hamburg, Germany). Each subcamp was named after one of the Frisian Islands: Lager Norderney at Saye, "Lager Borkum" at Platte Saline, Lager Sylt near the old telegraph tower at La Foulère and Lager Helgoland, in the northwest corner of the island. Over 700 people died in the Alderney concentration camps (out of a total inmate population of about 6,000). These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil.

It was organised by the Schutzstaffel - SS-Baubrigade I–which was first under supervision of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp; and after mid-February 1943 ran under the Neuengamme camp in northern Germany. It was used by the Nazi Organisation Todt, a forced labour programme, to build bunkers, gun emplacements, air-raid shelters, and concrete fortifications.

"Lager Borkum" was near the centre of Alderney and was the smallest of the four camps. The "Borkum" and "Helgoland" camps were "volunteer" (Hilfswillige) labour camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the "Sylt" and "Norderney" camps. The prisoners in "Lager Sylt" and "Lager Norderney" were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney. "Sylt camp" held Jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp. "Norderney camp" housed European (usually Eastern but including Spaniard) and Russian enforced labourers. "Lager Borkum" was used for German technicians and volunteers from different countries of Europe. "Lager Helgoland" was filled with Russian Organisation Todt workers. (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see "Appendix F: Concentration Camps: Endlösung – The Final Solution"; "Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman";.

After World War II, a court-martial case was prepared against ex-SS Hauptsturmführer Max List (the former commandant of Lagers Norderney and Sylt), citing atrocities on Alderney. However, he did not stand trial, and is believed to have lived near Hamburg until his death in the 1980s.



Lager Helgoland

Lager Helgoland was a Nazi concentration camp on Alderney in the Channel Islands, named after the Frisian Island of Heligoland (), a former British possession handed over to Germany in 1890.

The Germans built four concentration camps on Alderney, run as subcamps of the Neuengamme concentration camp (in Hamburg, Germany). Each subcamp was named after one of the Frisian Islands: 

700 people died in the Alderney concentration camps (out of a total inmate population of about 6,000). These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil.

It was organised by the Schutzstaffel - SS-Baubrigade I–which was first under supervision of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp near Berlin; and from mid-February 1943 under the Neuengamme camp in northern Germany. It was used by the Nazi Organisation Todt forced labour programme, to build bunkers, gun emplacements, air-raid shelters, and concrete fortifications.

"Lager Helgoland" was in the northwest corner of Alderney. The "Borkum" and "Helgoland" camps were called "volunteer" (Hilfswillige) labour camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the "Sylt" and "Norderney" camps. The prisoners in "Lager Sylt" and "Lager Norderney" were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney. "Sylt camp" held Jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp. "Norderney camp" housed European (usually Eastern but including Spaniard) and Russian enforced labourers. "Lager Borkum" was used for German technicians and volunteers from different countries of Europe. "Lager Helgoland" was filled with Russian Organisation Todt workers. (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see "Appendix F: Concentration Camps: Endlösung – The Final Solution"; "Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman";.


Lager Norderney

Lager Norderney was a Nazi concentration camp on Alderney, in the Channel Islands, named after the East Frisian island of Norderney.

The Germans built four concentration camps on the island, subcamps of the Neuengamme concentration camp (in Hamburg, Germany). Each subcamp was named after one of the Frisian Islands: "Lager Norderney" at Saye, Lager Borkum at Platte Saline, Lager Sylt near the old telegraph tower at La Foulère and Lager Helgoland, in the northwest corner of the island. 700 people died in the Alderney concentration camps (out of about 6,000 inmates). These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil.

It was organised by the Schutzstaffel - SS-Baubrigade I–which was first under supervision of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp; and since mid-February 1943 ran under the Neuengamme camp in northern Germany. It was used by the Nazi Organisation Todt, a forced labour programme, to build bunkers, gun emplacements, air-raid shelters, and concrete fortifications.

"Norderney camp" housed European (usually Eastern but including Spaniard) and Russian enforced labourers. The prisoners in "Lager Norderney" and "Lager Sylt" were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney. "Sylt camp" held Jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp. The "Borkum" and "Helgoland" camps were "volunteer" (Hilfswillige) labour camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the "Sylt" and "Norderney" camps. "Lager Borkum" was used for German technicians and volunteers from different countries of Europe. "Lager Helgoland" was filled with Russian Organisation Todt workers. (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see "Appendix F: Concentration Camps: Endlösung – The Final Solution"; "Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman";.

In 1942, "Lager Norderney", containing Russian and Polish POWs, and "Lager Sylt", holding Jews, were placed under the control of the SS Hauptsturmführer Max List. Over 700 of the inmates lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to Germany in 1944.


Lager Sylt

Lager Sylt was a Nazi concentration camp on Alderney in the Channel Islands, in operation between March 1943 and June 1944. The Germans built one concentration camp and three Labour camps on the island, subcamps of the Neuengamme concentration camp (in Hamburg, Germany). Each subcamp was named after one of the Frisian Islands: 

700 people are estimated to died in the camps on Alderney, although it is now believed to have been higher. This was the only Nazi concentration camp on British soil.

It was organised by the Schutzstaffel - SS-Baubrigade I–which was first under supervision of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp; and since mid-February 1943 ran under the Neuengamme camp in northern Germany–near the old telegraph tower at La Foulère. It was used by the Nazi Organisation Todt, a forced labour programme, to build bunkers, gun emplacements, air-raid shelters, and concrete fortifications.

"Sylt camp" held Jewish enforced labourers. The prisoners in "Lager Sylt" and "Lager Norderney" were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney. "Norderney camp" housed European (usually Eastern but including Spaniard) and Russian enforced labourers. The "Borkum" and "Helgoland" camps were "volunteer" (Hilfswillige) labour camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the "Sylt" and "Norderney" camps. "Lager Borkum" was used for German technicians and volunteers from different countries of Europe. "Lager Helgoland" was filled with Russian Organisation Todt workers. (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see "Appendix F: Concentration Camps: Endlösung – The Final Solution"; "Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman";)

The prisoners were from Russia and Europe, usually the east, but including Spanish Republicans. Some of the few remaining unevacuated Alderney natives (round about 2% of the population) also found themselves in there. In 1942, "Lager Norderney", containing Russian and Polish POWs, and "Lager Sylt", holding Jews, were placed under the control of SS Hauptsturmführer Max List. Over 700 of the inmates are said to have lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to Germany in 1944.

Alderney has been nicknamed "the island of silence", because little is known about what occurred there during the occupation. The rest of the island was heavily fortified, mainly through the slave labour of the camp inmates. The German officer left in charge of the facilities, Commandant Oberst Schwalm, burned the camps to the ground and destroyed all records connected with their use before the island was liberated by British forces on 16 May 1945. The German garrison on Alderney surrendered a week after the other Channel Islands, and was one of the last garrisons to surrender in Europe. The population were unable to start returning until December 1945.

The States (Alderney's governing body) decline to commemorate the sites of the four labour camps. Local historian Colin Partridge feels this may be due to the locals' desire to separat themselves from the accusations of collaboration. A faded memorial plate in the island's parish church mentions 45 Soviet citizens who died on Alderney in 1940-45 but does not say how they died and why.



Nicolaus Steno

Nicolas Steno (1 January 1638 – 25 November 1686; NS: 11 January 1638 – 5 December 1686) was a Danish Catholic cleric and scientist who pioneered in both anatomy and geology.

In 1659 he decided not to accept anything written in a book and, instead, decided to find out things for himself. He is considered the father of geology and stratigraphy.
Steno argued that the chemical composition of fossils could be altered without changing their form.

Steno's work on shark teeth led him to the question of how any solid object could come to be found inside another solid object, such as a rock or a layer of rock.

The "solids within solids" that attracted Steno's interest included not only fossils, as we would define them today, but minerals, crystals, even entire rock layers or strata.

He published his geologic studies in 1669: "De solido intra solidum naturaliter contento dissertationis prodromus", or Preliminary discourse to a dissertation on a solid body naturally contained within a solid.

Steno was not the first to identify fossils as being from living organisms. His contemporaries Robert Hooke and John Ray also argued that fossils were the remains of once-living organisms.
Steno wrote about some of the fundamental principles of stratigraphy:


Chervil

Chervil ("Anthriscus cerefolium") is a herb that is related to parsley. It is sometimes called garden chervil.

Sometimes called "gourmet's parsley", chervil is put in poultry, seafood, and small vegetables. It is particularly famous in France, where it is added to omelettes, salads and soups. More delicate than parsley, it has a small taste of liquorice.

Chervil had several traditional uses. Pregnant women were washed in an infusion of it; a lotion of chervil was used as for cleaning skin; and it was used medicinally as a blood purifier. It was also said to be useful for curing hiccups.

The Sims Medieval

The Sims Medieval is a video game developed by The Sims Studio. It is based on "The Sims" game series, and was released on March 22, 2011 by Electronic Arts. It is available for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. The game is different from the previous versions of "The Sims", in the sense that it is set in medieval times. Players can build a kingdom, through a quest-driven gameplay. The game has received mixed reviews from critics.

Spyro: Year of the Dragon

Spyro: Year of the Dragon is a platform game developed by Insomniac Games. The game was published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the Playstation in 2000. "Year of the Dragon" is the third chapter in the "Spyro" series. It was the last "Spyro" game Insomniac developed; their next title would be "Ratchet and Clank" for the PlayStation 2. It was released in North America and the PAL regions in October and November 2000, separately. However, unlike the other 2 games, it was not given a Japanese release. 

Named after the animal in the Chinese Zodiac, which was the symbol at the time of the game's release, "Year of the Dragon" is based on a nominal purple dragon Spyro as he travels to the "Forgotten Worlds" after 150 magical dragon eggs are stolen from the land of the dragons from an evil sorceress. People travel through thirty different worlds collecting gems and eggs. "Year of the Dragon" introduced new characters and minigames to the series, as well as improved graphics and music. 

With it's release, the game sold more that two million copies in the United States and received critical approval. Reviewers noted the game built on the successful formula of its former chapters by adding new activities and wide-ranging environments. 

It was remade as a part of "Spyro Reignited Trilogy".

Spyro: Enter the Dragonfly

Spyro: Enter the Dragonfly (also called Spyro 4) is a platform video game that was published by Universal Interactive. The video game was released for the PlayStation 2 video game system. The video game was released on November 3, 2002, in North America, November 29, 2002, in Europe and on December 13, 2002, in Australia for the PlayStation 2 and was released for the GameCube on November 8, 2002, in North America, November 29, 2002, in Europe and on December 13, 2002, in Australia.


Even though the game got bad reviews, it sold enough copies that it was named as a Greatest Hits (Platinum Edition in Europe) status on the PlayStation 2 and a Player's Choice status on the GameCube.

It is the fourth game in the "Spyro" video game series and also the first "Spyro" game that was not made by Insomniac Games.

Dulene

Dulene is a village in the Pivara municipality in Kragujevac city district in the Šumadija District of central Serbia. 

It has a population of 218 people.


WWE Tough Enough

WWE Tough Enough is a professional wrestling reality television program produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). Participants trained professionally and competed for a contract with WWE. There were two winners each season for the first three competitions. They were aired on MTV. A fourth competition was held in 2004, with only a single winner, but was integrated into UPN's "SmackDown!". In October 2010, the USA Network said they would revive "Tough Enough". The new series will begin airing on April 4, 2011.


E.T. (song)

"E.T." is a song by singer Katy Perry. It features rapper Kanye West. It was released 16 February 2011 and has a stomp-stomp-clap beat or rhythm similar to Queen's "We Will Rock You". The Queen song has the band stamping their feet twice, and clapping once. This single received mixed reviews by the music critics. The song is style from the electronic music genre with elements from teen pop, with the lyrics speaking of falling in love with a foreigner. 

Trail, British Columbia

Trail is a Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada. Trail is in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia. At the 2006 census, 7,237 people lived in Trail. The current mayor of Trail is Mike Martin. Trail has a BCHL (British Columbia Hockey League) ice hockey team called the Trail Smoke Eaters.


Jérôme d'Ambrosio

Jérôme d'Ambrosio (born 27 December 1985 in Etterbeek, Belgium) is a Belgian racing driver of Italian descent. He one of the drivers for the Marussia Virgin Racing for the 2011 Formula One World Championship.

D'Ambrosio began his career in karting, between 1995 and 2002. He was three times Belgian champion, winning the Mini class in 1996, Junior in 2000 and Formula A in 2002. He won the Junior Monaco Kart Cup in 2000, and won World Cup Formula A in 2002.

D'Ambrosio moved into single-seaters in 2003, and won the Belgian Formula Renault (1.6 litre) championship. He also drove in the German-based Formula König championship in 2003. He moved into the French Formula Renault (2-litre) series for 2004. He finished fourth in the series and was top rookie. He switched to the Italian Formula Renault Championship in 2005, and finished fourth. In 2006, he drove in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series, for Tech 1 Racing. He left the series after four rounds and zero points.

During this time, d'Ambrosio also raced in several Eurocup races. In 2006, he raced in the second half of the Euroseries 3000. D'Ambrosio had three podium finishes and finished fifth in the point standings.

For 2007, d'Ambrosio took part in the first season of the International Formula Master series. He won five races and scored 100 points. D'Ambrosio became the series's first champion.

For 2008, d'Ambrosio raced in both the GP2 Series and the new GP2 Asia Series. He finished eleventh in the GP2 drivers' championship. In the 2008-09 GP2 Asia Series season, d'Ambrosio finished second to team-mate Kamui Kobayashi. In the 2009 season, he finished ninth with out wining a single race. In 2010, d'Ambrosio took his first series victory at Monaco. He took his first GP2 pole position at Belgian. He finished twelfth in the drivers' championship.

In January 2010, d'Ambrosio was announced as a reserve driver for Renault F1. He replace Lucas di Grassi at Virgin four times for Friday practice: at the Singapore, Japanese, Korean and Brazilian Grands Prix.

On 21 December 2010 Virgin Racing confirmed that d'Ambrosio would race for the team in .


Kojak: The Price of Justice

Kojak: The Price of Justice (1987) is an American television film, starring by Telly Savalas and directed by Alan Metzger.

The inspector Theo Kojak investigates a crime in which a woman is accused of murdering her own children. Kojak ends feeling mixed feelings for her.


Chino XL

Derek Emmanuel Barbosa (born April 8, 1974 in The Bronx, New York) is an American rapper and actor better known by his stage name, Chino XL. As an actor he has made guest appearances on the television shows Reno 911! and , as well as movies with Kate Hudson, Luke Wilson, and Rob Reiner.







Jeff Ross

Jeffrey Ross Lifschultz (born September 13, 1965), better known as Jeff Ross, is an American stand-up comedian, actor and author. He is known for his insult-style of comedy, leading to his nickname "The Roastmaster General". He has had many appearances on Comedy Central's roast specials, aiming insults and jokes at celebrities. He has acted in television series such as "Where My Dogs At?", "", "Six Feet Under" and "Weeds". Ross was also a competitor on the seventh season of "Dancing with the Stars" where he danced with Edyta Śliwińska. They were the first ones eliminated.

Ross was born in Springfield, New Jersey to a Jewish family. He is a Democrat.


Sulphur Springs, Texas

Sulphur Springs is a city in Hopkins County, Texas, United States. The population of Sulphur Springs was 15,941 in 2020. Sulphur Springs was founded in 1854.


George Takei

George Hosato Takei Altman (born April 20, 1937 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actor. He is probably best known for playing "Hikaru Sulu" in the television series, "". His parents were of Japanese origin. In 2005, he said that he is homosexual during an interview with "Frontiers" magazine and that he was in a relationship with his partner of eighteen years, Brad Altman.

Gonzalo Zárate

Gonzalo Eulogio Zárate (born 6 August 1984 in Rosario, Santa Fe) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a forward.

He started playing football in the youth teams of CA Lanús und CA Tiro Federal. Zarate played his first professional matches in the second league of Argentina for PCC San José. In 2007 he went to Switzerland playing for SC Kriens (Second League), scoring five goals in five matches. Then he went on loan to Grasshopper-Club Zürich, who then bought him in 2010. He scored 14 goals in 2009–10 and was the most successful scorer in the team. In May 2010 he signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

In September 2019, Zárate joined Swiss Promotion League club FC Black Stars Basel. After retiring, Zárate was hired as a youth coach at Grasshopper Club Zürich.



Alexander Stephens

Alexander Hamilton Stephens (February 11, 1812 – March 4, 1883) was an American and Confederate politician. He was from Georgia. Stephens was short and sickly for much of his life. Stephens owned a fair number of slaves. He served as a Whig congressman from 1843 to 1859. Later, he became a member of the Constitutional Union Party and then a Democrat. Stephens was the Vice-President of the Confederacy from 1861 to 1865. While Vice-President, he tried to end the war and did not get along with Confederate President Jefferson Davis. After the war, Stephens again was a U.S. Congressman, and was Governor of Georgia for a short time.

Your Highness

Your Highness is a 2011 fantasy-comedy movie produced by Scott Stuber, Jon Mone, Danny McBride, Mark Huffam and Andrew Z. Davis, and directed by David Gordon Green. It was released on April 8, 2011 in North America. The movie received negative reviews with Rotten Tomatoes giving it a 26% and Metacritic gave it a 31 out of 100.



Baldwin apple

The Baldwin apple is a bright red winter apple, very good in quality, and easily shipped. It was for many years the most popular apple in New England, New York, and for export from America.

According to local tradition, the apple was found near Wood Hill by William Butters (1665-1746), son of Will Butter, first white settler in what is now Wilmington, Massachusetts. William Butters raised the tree in his yard, near the present Baldwin Apple Monument "(pictured)".

According to S. A. Beach's "Apples of New York", the Baldwin originated soon after 1740 as a chance seedling on the farm of Mr. John Ball of Wilmington, Massachusetts, and for about 40 years thereafter its cultivation was confined to that immediate neighborhood. The farm eventually came into the possession of a Mr. Butters, who gave the name "Woodpecker" to the apple because the tree was frequented by woodpeckers. The apple was long known locally as the "Woodpecker" or "Pecker". It was also called the "Butters". Deacon Samuel Thompson, a surveyor of Woburn, Massachusetts, brought it to the attention of Col. Loammi Baldwin of the same town. Baldwin grew the apple and spread it across eastern Massachusetts. From Col. Baldwin's interest in the variety it came to be called the Baldwin.

A monument to the Baldwin apple now marks the location (on today's Chestnut street in Wilmington). The monument's inscription reads: "This monument marks the site of the first Baldwin Apple Tree found growing wild near here. It fell in the gale of 1815. The apple first known as the Butters, Woodpecker or Pecker apple was named after Col. Loammi Baldwin of Woburn. Erected in 1895 by the Rumford Historical Association."

A harsh winter in 1934 wiped out many of the Baldwin apple orchards in New England. Its popularity as an eating apple waned, but some orchards were preserved for many years due to its desirability as a mixing apple for cider. However, the orchards have not been replaced when they played out. Baldwin Apples, unlike many apples, have long been prized for the making of hard cider. "West County Cider" makes Baldwin Cider from trees planted in the early 1900s. It is their most popular cider.
The apple is noted for its particularly small to medium size (ca. 6–8 cm), when compared to other apples like the Macintosh. It is an exceptionally hard apple and would remain remarkably free from blemishes and other blights with few pesticides being needed. Because of its hardness it shipped well without bruising and for a time was prized for this quality. Aside from cider making it was also known as an exceptionally good pie apple and due to its hardness would maintain more crispness through the baking than other apples would.


Tropical Storm Agatha (2010)

Tropical Storm Agatha was a weak but devastating tropical cyclone which brought severe flooding across Central America. It was the deadliest Eastern Pacific storm since Hurricane Pauline in 1997. Agatha was the first storm of the 2010 Eastern Pacific hurricane season. The storm caused 190 deaths and $1.1 billion in damage across Central America.

Rebecca Black

Rebecca Renee Black (born June 21, 1997) is an American singer-songwriter. who gained fame for her 2011 single, Friday. Her single gained around 1,000 views in the first month and has had negative views. After the video saw many views on YouTube and other social media websites, "Friday" expressed unpraise by many music critics and viewers. They described it as "the worst song ever". After the video was uploaded in Youtube on February 10, 2011 and its temporary removal on June 16, 2011, the music video received around 167 million views. Black re-uploaded it to her own YouTube channel in September 2011.

Rebecca Renee Black was born on June 21, 1997, in Irvine, California. She is the daughter of John Jeffery Black and Georgina Marquez Kelly, who are veterinarians. Her mother is of half Mexican ancestry, and her father is from Iowa, is of Italian, English, and Polish ancestry. She has one younger brother named Chase (born August 25, 1999). Her parents divorced in 2003 when Black was in first grade. Her grandmother lives in Illinois. Black's aunts and uncles live around the United States.

Black originally attended private school from kindergarten to 6th grade. She moved to a public school due to bullying. She joined the school's musical theater program, which she felt being involved in was "meant to be," and that she became part of another family. In April 2011, She dropped out in favor of homeschooling because she needed to focus on her career and she wanted to avoid insults from her former classmates. She was also failing English class because of her busy schedule.


John B. Bibb

Lt. John B. Bibb (October 27, 1789, in Prince Edward County, Virginia - April 12, 1840) served in the War of 1812, represented Logan County in the Kentucky House of Representatives and the state Senate from 1827 to 1834. 

Lt. Bibb was also an amateur horticulturist and developed the modern Bibb lettuce at his mansion in Frankfort, Kentucky. However, it wasn't offered commercially until 1935.

Bing cherry

Bing is a cultivar (farmed type) of the wild or sweet cherry ("Prunus avium") that started in the Pacific Northwest, in Milwaukie, Oregon, United States. The Bing remains a major cultivar in Oregon, Washington, and British Columbia. It is the most produced variety of sweet cherry in the United States.

The cultivar was created as a crossbred graft from the Republican cherry in 1875 by Oregon horticulturist Seth Lewelling and his Manchurian Chinese foreman Ah Bing, for whom the cultivar is named. 

Ah Bing was reportedly born in China and immigrated to the U.S. in about 1855. He worked as a foreman in the Lewelling family fruit orchards in Milwaukie for about 35 years, supervising other workers and caring for trees. He went back to China in 1889 for a visit. Due to the restrictions of the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 he never returned to the United States. Some say Ah Bing developed the cultivar, others that it was developed by Lewelling and named in Bing's honour due to his long service as orchard foreman.

Bing cherries are used almost exclusively for fresh market. Bings are large, dark and firm cherries that ship well, but will crack open if exposed to rain near harvest. A wet climate is required for the harvest of the bing cherry.

Bing cherries are high in anti-oxidants. A study by the United States Department of Agriculture has shown that fresh Bing cherries may help sufferers of arthritis and gout. However, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration warns that these are yet unproven claims.


Isle of Man Government

The Isle of Man Government () is the government of the Isle of Man. The formal head of the Isle of Man Government is the Lieutenant Governor, representing HM Queen Elizabeth II, Lord of Mann. The executive head is the Chief Minister.

Douglas, the largest town on the Isle of Man is its capital and seat of government, where the Government offices and the parliament chambers () are located.

The Civil Service has more than 2000 employees and the total number of public sector employees including the Civil Service, teachers, nurses, police, etc. is about 9000 people. This is somewhat more than 10% of the population of the Island, and a full 23% of the working population. This does not include any military forces, as defence is the responsibility of the United Kingdom.

The Government consists of nine departments, ten statutory boards and three offices all reporting to the Council of Ministers. The departments all report directly to the Council of Ministers.

Statutory boards and offices are listed below the Department to which they report.






Before modern times the government of the Isle of Man was in the hands of the Governor (or Lieutenant Governor), who representated the Lord of Man, assisted by his Council, consisting of the other permanent officials (the Bishop, Archdeacon, Deemsters, Attorney General, etc.). The Council became the Legislative Council, the upper chamber of Tynwald, the parliament of the Isle of Man.

After the Revestment (when the rights of the Lord of Man were "placed in" or "vested" in the King of Great Britain) in 1765, the Lieutenant Governor and his officials were the agents of the British Government, and not democratically responsible to the Manx people. Conflict between the House of Keys (popularly elected after 1866) and the Lieutenant Governor came to a head when Lord Raglan was Lieutenant Governor between 1902 and 1918.

After World War I the Lieutenant Governor gradually gave up control to Tynwald, a process guided by the reports of commissions and other bodies in 1911, 1959 and 1969. An Executive Council, chaired by him and including members of Tynwald, was established in 1949, and gradually thereafter became the effective government of the Island. Finance and the police came under local control between 1958 and 1976. The Lieutenant Governor stopped chairing the Executive Council in 1980, and was replaced by a chairman elected by Tynwald, and the Council was reconstituted in 1985 to include the chairmen of the eight principal Boards; in 1986 they were given the title 'Minister' and the chairman was styled 'Chief Minister'. In 1990 the Council was renamed the 'Council of Ministers'.

During the 19th century several bodies, which came to be known as 'Boards of Tynwald', were created to exercise functions under democratic control. These included the Board of Education (1872), Highway Board (1874), Asylums Board (1888), Government Property Trustees (1891) and Local Government Board (1894). However, although direct taxation was levied by Tynwald, the Boards' freedom of action before the 1960s was limited by the Lieutenant Governor's control of the Island's budget and his power to appoint certain of their members.

The structure of the Boards of Tynwald, along with other bodies variously called 'Statutory Boards' and 'Commercial Boards', became increasingly unwieldy after the 1950s, and was eventually reformed in the 1980s, when a system of 'ministerial government' was set up.

Until 1 April 2010 the Departments were as follows. Created in 1985-87, they were the successors of the former Boards of Tynwald.

The structure and functions of the Departments were re-organised with effect from 1 April 2010. The existing Departments, except the Treasury and the Departments of Education and Home Affairs, were dissolved, and the Department of Education was renamed "the Department of Education and Children". The Departments and their functions are now as follows:

As noted above, a number of 'Statutory Boards' and 'Commercial Boards' were created at various times. Some were taken over by the Departments in 1985-1987, but others continued as separate Statutory Boards after 1987:

Member of the House of Keys

Member of the House of Keys, or MHK is the title given to a person who has been elected into the House of Keys, the lower house of Tynwald, the parliament of the Isle of Man. There are twenty-four Members of the House of Keys. Elections are held every five years; the last election took place in November 2006. The leader of the House is the Speaker of the House of Keys, Juan Watterson.

The House of Keys is in Douglas, the capital of the Isle of Man. The Old House of Keys, their former chamber, is in Castletown, the former capital. It is now a museum.

Evolutionary developmental biology

Evolutionary developmental biology interprets development in the light of evolution and modern genetics. It is called for short 'evo-devo'.

In "On the Origin of Species" (1859), Charles Darwin proposed evolution through natural selection, a theory central to modern biology. Darwin recognised the importance of embryonic development in the understanding of evolution: 

Ernst Haeckel (1866) proposed that "ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny", that is, the development of the embryo of every species (ontogeny) repeats the evolutionary development of that species (phylogeny). Haeckel's concept explained, for example, why humans, and indeed all vertebrates, have gill slits and tails early in embryonic development. His theory has since been largely discredited.

A renewed interest in the evolution of development came after the modern evolutionary synthesis (roughly 1936 to 1947). The conventional view had been that evo-devo had little influence on the evolutionary synthesis, but the following suggests otherwise.

In "Embryos and evolution" (1930) Gavin de Beer stressed the importance of heterochrony, and especially paedomorphosis in evolution.

According to his theories, paedomorphosis (the retention of juvenile features in the adult form) is important in evolution because juvenile tissues are relatively undifferentiated and capable of further evolution, whereas highly specialised tissues are less able to change.

He also conceived the idea of "clandestine evolution", which helped to explain the sudden changes in the fossil record which were apparently at odds with Darwin's gradualist theory of evolution.

If a novelty were to evolve gradually in an animal's juvenile form, then its development might not appear in the fossil record at all, but if the species were then to undergo neoteny, in which sexual maturity is reached while in a juvenile form, then the feature would appear suddenly in the fossil record, despite having evolved gradually.

Stephen Jay Gould called this approach to explaining evolution as "terminal addition"; as if every evolutionary advance was added as new stage by reducing the duration of the older stages. The idea was based on observations of neoteny. This was extended by the more general idea of heterochrony (changes in timing of development) as a mechanism for evolutionary change.

It has often been suggested that the human species is, at least to some extent, an example of neoteny. These features of adult humans are different from those of adult great apes, but "more similar to those of juvenile apes":

These are some of the neotenous traits in humans: flattened face, broadened face, large brain, hairless body, hairless face, small nose, reduction of brow ridge, small teeth, small upper jaw (maxilla), small lower jaw (mandible), thinness of skull bones, limbs proportionately short compared to torso length, longer leg than arm length, larger eyes, and upright stance.

Even more significant is the way that humans continue to learn and play into adult life, whereas in apes (and other mammals) this kind of behaviour is usually shown only in juveniles. This strongly suggest that our brain activities are, at least in this respect, more similar to juvenile apes than to adult apes.

Modern interest in evo-devo springs from clear proof that development is closely controlled by special genetic systems involving hox genes.

In a series of experiments with the fruit-fly "Drosophila", Edward B. Lewis was able to identify a complex of genes whose proteins bind to the regulatory regions of target genes. The latter then activate or repress systems of cellular processes that accomplish the final development of the organism.

Furthermore, the sequence of these control genes show "co-linearity": the order of the loci in the chromosome parallels the order in which the loci are expressed in segments along the body. Not only that, but this cluster of master control genes programs the development of all higher organisms.

Each of the genes contains a homeobox, a remarkably conserved DNA sequence, which is similar in many widely different animals. This suggests the complex itself arose by gene duplication. In his Nobel lecture, Lewis said "Ultimately, comparisons of the [control complexes] throughout the animal kingdom should provide a picture of how the organisms, as well as the [control genes] have evolved".

In 2000, a special section of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) was devoted to evo-devo, and an entire 2005 issue of the Journal of Experimental Zoology Part B: Molecular and Developmental Evolution was devoted to the key evo-devo topics of evolutionary innovation and morphological novelty.


James Anthony Brown

James Anthony "Tony" Brown (born 5 January 1950) is a Manx politician. He is the current Chief Minister of the Isle of Man and Member of the House of Keys for Castletown. 

Tony Brown was educated at Castle Rushen and was an electrician. He owned "Tony Brown Electrics" in Castletown until its closure in 2010. He was elected as a member of Castletown Commissioners (town council) in 1976, becoming Chairman in 1980 before being elected as the Castletown MHK in 1981 at his first attempt. In 2000, he was defeated in his attempt to become Speaker of the House of Keys by David Cannan but instead became the Deputy Speaker. Following the 2001 General Election, he was elected Speaker and in January 2002, Deputy President of Tynwald.

He was reelected in November 2006 as MHK, beating Roy Redmayne by 915 votes to 335.


Chief Minister of the Isle of Man

The Chief Minister (Manx: "Ard-choylargh") is the executive head of the Isle of Man Government. He is the Prime Minister of the island.

The office comes from that of Chairman of the Executive Council. Before 1980 the Executive Council was chaired by the Lieutenant Governor, but afterwards the chairman was elected by Tynwald, the parliament of the Isle of Man. The title was changed to "Chief Minister" in 1986.

The Chief Minister is appointed by the Lieutenant Governor on the nomination of Tynwald after a general election of the House of Keys. He holds office until the next general election (i.e., for 5 years), and is eligible for re-appointment, but may be removed from office by Tynwald on a vote of no confidence in the Council of Ministers.

After the general election in November 2006, Mr John Shimmin MHK, Mr Stephen Rodan MHK (Minister for Health and Social Security) and Mr David Cannan MHK (former Minister for the Treasury) tried to become Chief Minister, but none got enough votes in Tynwald. On a second vote Mr Tony Brown (Speaker of the House of Keys) was nominated unopposed.



Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man

The Lieutenant Governor () is the representative on the Isle of Man of the Lord of Mann, who is currently Queen Elizabeth II. He/she has the power to grant Royal Assent and is styled "His Excellency". 

The official residence of the Governor is Government House, Governor's Road, Onchan.

The Lieutenant Governor had all judicial, fiscal (tax raising) and executive power. In about 1900 they had more power over the island than any other Commonwealth leader had in their colony or Dominion. However, he lost his role as Head of the Judiciary and as Head of Government in 1961, as President of Legislative Council in 1980 and finally as President of Tynwald in 1990. Today the role of Lieutenant Governor is mainly ceremonial. Some powers under Isle of Man legislation do still fall to the Governor or Governor-in-Council.

In October 2005 Tynwald wanted to change the title of the Lieutenant Governor to Crown Commissioner. This proposal was sent to the British Department of Constitutional Affairs for submission to the Lord of Mann Elizabeth II for approval. However, in April 2006, after much public disapproval, Tynwald rejected their own proposal and withdrew their request for Royal Assent. Thus the Lieutenant Governor will remain as currently titled.



David Doyle (judge)

David Doyle QC was the First Deemster of the Isle of Man. He was appointed in 2010 and used to be a partner of in the law firm of Dickinson, Cruickshank & Co from 1985 - 2010. He was called to the Bar (Gray's Inn) in 1982 and the Manx Bar in 1984.

In November 2010 it was announced that he would take up the position of First Deemster following the death of Michael Kerruish earlier in the year. Doyle was sworn in on December 20, 2010. His appointment ended on July 31st 2018.

Nova Bus

Nova Bus (stylized as NOVABUS) is a company which makes buses for public transit, and is owned by Volvo. Created in 1993, Nova Bus continued the production of the Classic and Rapid Transit Series models previously made by General Motors and Motor Coach Industries. Nova Buses are used in many cities across North America, including New York, Quebec City, Montreal and Calgary.

Nova Bus has three factories in which the buses are built; Plattsburgh, New York, St-François-du-Lac, Quebec, and St-Eustache, Quebec.

Nova Bus has produced seven types of buses, including three which are no longer made.

Deemster

A deemster () is a judge in the Isle of Man. The Isle of Man is self-governing. It keeps some of its traditions, and has a long past history.

The High Court of Justice of the Isle of Man is presided over by a deemster. In the appeal division, a deemster and the Judge of Appeal preside. The deemsters also make the Isle of Man's laws official, by reading them out to the people in English and Manx on Tynwald Day.

The First and Second Deemsters used to have seats in the Legislative Council of the Isle of Man. The Second Deemster lost his seat in 1965, and the First Deemster lost his in 1975.

There are currently three full time Deemsters in the Isle of Man. These are the First Deemster and Clerk of the Rolls (who is also the Deputy Governor), the Second Deemster, and an additional full-time Deemster. Additional deemsters, full-time or part-time, may be appointed from time to time. 

The offices of First Deemster, Second Deemster and Clerk of the Rolls are ancient offices. The offices of First Deemster and Clerk of the Rolls were joined in 1918. A new office of Deputy Deemster was created in 2002, but abolished in 2009. 

The First Deemster, Second Deemster and Judge of Appeal are appointed by the monarch, (acting on the advice of the UK's Secretary of State for Justice). The First Deemster acts in place of the Lieutenant Governor in the latter's absence, or during a vacancy in that office.



Coat of arms of the Isle of Man

The coat of arms of the Isle of Man, or The Arms of Her Majesty in right of the Isle of Man (the formal name as the Isle of Man is a Crown dependency). The arms were adopted on 12 July 1996.

The Arms of Her Majesty in right of the Isle of Man were granted by Queen Elizabeth II, Lord of Mann on 12 July 1996. They are a form of the traditional arms. It has a threefold rotational symmetry.

The traditional arms date back to the 13th century. The arms are recorded in the English "Walford's Roll", and "Camden Roll", as well as the French "Wijbergen Roll". In the "Camden Roll" the arms are shown as: "gules, three mailed legs embowed, and conjoined at the thighs, argent"; the original Norman French blazon reads: ""l'escu de gules, a treis iambes armes"". or "Red, 3 bent legs in armour, joined at the top of the thighs, silver".

The escutcheon is emblazoned: "Gules a triskele argent garnished and spurred Or". The triskele (or triskelion) is an ancient symbol, consisting of three branches or legs, that radiate from a centre. The symbol is found on the Isle of Man, and earlier on Sicily. The Manx triskelion is known in the Manx language as "tre cassyn" "the three legs". The symbol has been associated with the island since at least the 13th century.

It is unknown how the "tre cassyn" were originally adopted, and several theories have been put forward. In 1607, English historian William Camden stated that the "tre cassyn" were derived from the Sicilian triskelion. In 1885 John Newton considered the "tre cassyn" to have originated in the mid 13th century, when the Pope offered the throne of Sicily to Edmund, son of King Henry III of England. Newton noted that the wife of King Alexander III of Scotland was Henry's daughter, and that Alexander visited the English court in 1255. Later in 1266, Norway ceded the Isle of Man to the Kingdom of Scotland, and Newton considered it likely that Alexander utilised the triskelion for the arms of his new possession. It has also been suggested that the "tre cassyn" can be traced to the triquetra in a coin of Amlaíb Cuarán, a 10th-century Norse-Gael warlord who was king of Northumbria and king of Dublin. Lending credibility to this theory is the current belief that the mediaeval Manx dynasty was related to that of Amlaíb Cuarán. However, the gap between the 10th century and late 13th century, when the "tre cassyn" is first recorded, is wide indeed, and it has been noted that several kings from this period are known to have had a galley as their emblem, and not the "tre cassyn".

Early examples of the symbol are present in the Royal Arms ascribed to the King of Mann in several late 13th century armorials. The "tre cassyn" also appears on the Manx Sword of State, which is popularly said to date to the time of King Amlaíb mac Gofraid (d. 1237), although recent analysis has shown it more likely dates to about the 15th century. Another example can be seen on a 14th-century stone cross in the churchyard of Maughold. Another is example is a late 14th century seal of Sir William le Scrope, Lord of Mann, in which the "tre cassyn" are depicted in plate armour, rather than mail. Early representations of the "tre cassyn" show the legs running clockwise, and later representations show the legs running in both directions.

The peregrine falcon is derived from the time of King John I of Mann. In 1405, he was granted the Isle of Man, on condition he paid homage to King Henry IV of England, and gave two peregrine falcons to him and every future English king on their Coronation Day. The descendants of John I ruled the Isle of Man until King George III of Great Britain as the Lords of Mann. The presentation of falcons continued on, until the coronation of King George IV, in 1822.

In keeping with the Viking history of the island, the raven featured in Norse mythology. The chief god Odin was accompanied by the two ravens Huginn and Muninn.

The motto is "quocunque jeceris stabit", which is Latin and means: "whichever way you shall have thrown [it], it shall stand". The motto dates to the 17th century, where it is first recorded as being present on Manx coinage dating to the year 1668. It is possible that the motto became associated to the "tre cassyn" through these coins.


Patricia Arquette

Patricia T. Arquette (born April 8, 1968) is an American actress and movie director. She played the lead character in the supernatural drama television series "Medium". She also starred in other TV series and in many movies. She won a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for her role in "Boyhood" in 2015.

Arquette was born in Chicago, Illinois. She is the daughter of Lewis Arquette, an actor, and Brenda Olivia "Mardi" (née Nowak), an actress, poet, theater operator, activist, acting teacher, and therapist. Arquette's mother was Jewish, the daughter of a Holocaust survivor from Poland and Russia. Arquette's father was of English, French-Canadian, German, Irish, Scottish, Swiss and Welsh descent and a convert to Islam from Catholicism, and was related to explorer Meriwether Lewis. Her paternal grandfather was comedian Cliff Arquette; her siblings are actors Rosanna, Alexis, Richmond, and David Arquette.

Downtown (owarai)

Downtown is a popular Japanese comedy duo that features members, Hitoshi Matsumoto and Masatoshi Hamada. They first became a comedy duo in 1983 when they went on Yoshimoto Kōgyō: NSC (New Star Creation). They are known for acting on the television show, Downtown no Gaki no Tsukai ya Arahende!! along with another comedy duo, Cocorico. Matsumoto is the "boke" of the duo and he will often put up with light physical abuse (it is also common for the "tsukkomi" to slap the "boke" on top of his head whenever he says something rude or ridiculous) from Hamada who is the "tsukkomi". They have also created the televisions series, Downtown no Gottsu Ee Kanji, Downtown DX and Hey! Hey! Hey! Music Champ.


No Way Out (2004)

No Way Out was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on February 15, 2004 at the Cow Palace in Daly City, California. It was the 5th No Way Out event. Seven matches were scheduled on the event's card. The main event between Eddie Guerrero and Brock Lesnar was quoted by Kevin Sowers from PWTorch as being ""one to remember for a long time"".


Modern English Bible translations

There are many translations of the Bible in English. 
People don't agree about what is the "original Bible". Because there are many versions of Greek and Latin Bibles, there are also many versions of the English Bible.
Some translations are word-for-word from the original language. These translations are usually difficult to read. Other translations are idea-for-idea. These translations change the ideas of the original Bible into English. Some idea-for-idea translations use very easy English. Literal translations are difficult for some people to understand. But, non-literal translations can change the meaning. "Dynamic Equivalence" means making the Bible easy to read, without changing the meaning.

Most English Bible translations are written from a Christian point of view.
The Authorized King James Version (KJV) is very popular. Many parts of it are literal (word-for-word) translations of the original Greek and Hebrew. The KJV Bible was produced from 1604 to 1611, as a revision of the Bishops Bible. Since 1600, many English words have changed. Because the KJV Bible is 400 years old, it is more difficult to read. But even though it is 400 years old, many expressions and idioms used in everyday modern English come from the KJV.

Since 1611, the first KJV Bible has been changed. The edition usually used today is the 1769 edition. The new versions, which are revisions of the KJV include the Revised Version (1885), the Revised Standard Version (1952), the New Revised Standard Version (1989), and the English Standard Version (2001).

On the internet, there are many translations of the Bible. You can read virtual Bibles. If you want to read part of the Bible, you can print that part. This is called "print on demand".

Today, there are many translations that are literal, not literal, and between. The Young's Literal Translation is very literal. The Message Bible and The Word on the Street are not literal.

In the Bible, men and women are equal. They just have different roles. Men are supposed to be the dominant figures in society. Some new translations weaken male dominance. These translations are called "feminist," "gender neutral, or gender accurate." 

Some gender-neutral translations are: the New Revised Standard Version (1989), the Revised English Bible (1989), Today's New International Version (2005), New International Version (2011). The English Standard Version (2001) also tries to be more equal.

Many people have written simpler Bibles. These Bibles use few words. Some are written for non-native speakers of English.

The "World English Bible" is a version of the Bible written in modern English. It began in 1997 and was a revision of the "American Standard Version 1997". The project began with the goal of producing an English-language version of the Bible that does not use older English nor Basic English.

It is based on the 1901 "American Standard Version", the Greek "Majority Text", and the Hebrew "Biblia Hebraica Stuttgartensia" with some minor changes made because of alternative readings in the Dead Sea Scrolls and the Septuagint but these alternative readings are ignored or restricted to the footnotes. There are seven passes of editing and reading for each book. The first pass updated about 1,000 words, phrases and grammatical constructs. The first manual pass was to add quotation marks and other punctuation, and to check the version against the Greek and Hebrew texts where there are large textual variants or the meaning is not clear.

Sometimes Jews and Christians do not agree on how to translate the Hebrew Bible, or Tanakh. Jews have written translations that follow Jewish opinions. These include:

Many Jewish Bible translations show the English and original Hebrew on facing pages. None of these translations is considered Simple English or Basic English.



László Bodnár

László Bodnár (born February 25, 1979 in Mátészalka) is a Hungarian football defender. He is playing for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

He started playing professional with VSC Debrecen in Hungary. From 2000 till 2003 he played for Dynamo Kiew and Arsenal Kiew in the Ukraine. 2003 he came to Roda JC Kerkrade and 2006 till 2009 to FC Red Bull Salzburg. 2009 he went back to Debrecen and played with the team in the UEFA Champions League group stage. After the year with Debrecen he found no new team but in 2011 he came back to FC Red Bull Salzburg. For Red Bull Salzburg he played 66 matches and scored only two goals but got a lot of assistance points.

László Bodnár played 22 times for the Hungarian football national team, one time he was the captain.

Bell's theorem

Bell's theorem, also called "Bell's inequality," is a thought experiment. When joined with real experiments, it shows there are no hidden variables which can explain some of the consequences of quantum mechanics. This study, closely related to quantum mechanics, was done by John Stewart Bell. 

The following analogy has been provided by Brian Greene:
Pairs of boxes have been prepared and sent to Earth and on Vulcan. There is something inside that shows a light when a door is opened. If the same doors are opened on both members of the pair, then both lights will be blue or both lights will be red. What if different doors are opened? Maybe the chances that a red light or a blue light shows up were set by the maker of the boxes. Or maybe whether a red light or a blue light shows up depends on an individual coin flip in each box. How can we tell?

In a system that works the way quantum mechanics does, there is a 50% chance that opening any pair of doors (on the gray side, the white side, or the black side of each of the boxes in the schematic diagram) will give rise to a match. For instance, Earth could open the door in the gray side of its box, and Vulcan could open the door in the black side of its box. Quantum physics says that half the time they should get a match. But if the decision to produce a certain color for each of the doors opened is programmed into both boxes, then there is a 55% or greater chance of getting a match. 

Bell argues that because in actual experiments doing the equivalent of "opening different doors" only yields a 50% success rate, there can be no hidden variables in operation that would have "preselected" states for all six alternatives.

The analogy given here follows closely the one used by Brian Greene in "The Fabric of the Cosmos, p. 107ff.



Mark Cavendish

Mark Cavendish (born 21 May 1985) is a Manx racing cyclist who rides for team dimension data. Originally a track cyclist in the madison, points race, and scratch race, he has competed on the road since 2006.

He is a double Madison World Champion and Commonwealth Games gold medallist on the track. As a road cyclist, he has risen to fame as a sprinter. He got eleven wins in his first professional season, equalling the record held by Alessandro Petacchi. In the 2008 Tour de France he won four stages, a then unprecedented achievement for a British cyclist (he surpassed the feat, winning six stages in 2009 and a further 5 in 2010) and he has been described as the fastest sprinter in the world. He continued his wins in 2009 by taking the Spring classic, Milan – San Remo. Cavendish started racing informally at 12, as a mountain-bike rider.

Cavendish was awarded the Freedom of the Borough of Douglas in 2008, and collected the award on 14 April 2011. He lives on the Isle of Man and has a training base in Quarrata, Tuscany, Italy.

Cavendish was born in Douglas, Isle of Man, the son of David Cavendish also from the Isle of Man, and Adele from Yorkshire. He began riding BMX at a young age, racing at the National Sports Centre in Douglas. It was at that time that Cavendish met David Millar at a race on the Isle of Man. Cavendish said he was inspired by Millar.

Cavendish worked in a bank for two years after leaving school. He concentrated on earning enough money to support himself as a full-time cyclist later on, as he attempted to turn professional.

Mark Cavendish began his career with the British Track Cycling team. He won gold in the madison at the Los Angeles World Track Championships with Rob Hayles. They had not raced together before. They finished one lap ahead of the field to claim the gold medal, ahead of the Dutch and Belgian teams, giving Britain its fourth gold at the championships. It was Cavendish's first world champion's jersey. Cavendish also won the 2005 European championship points race. He began road racing in 2005, riding the Tour of Berlin and Tour of Britain as a trialist with Team Sparkasse.

Cavendish began 2006 with the Continental team, Team Sparkasse, a feeder squad for T-Mobile Team. In June, he won two stages and the points and sprint competitions in the Tour of Berlin. He rode for the Isle of Man on the track at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, riding the scratch race. He lapped the field with three others: Rob Hayles; Ashley Hutchinson of Australia; and James McCallum of Scotland. He then beat these in the sprint to win gold for the Isle of Man. The race time was 23m 5s, an average 51.9 kilometres per hour (32.2 mph).

His success at the Tour of Berlin led to a post as a "stagiare" with T-Mobile from August until the end of the season. His best result for T-Mobile in 2006 was in the Tour of Britain, where he came second three times and won the points classification. It brought a full professional contract for 2007 and 2008.

Cavendish began 2007 "laboriously", said the daily sports paper, "L'Équipe". It quoted one of Cavendish's team-mates, Roger Hammond: "To be honest, he started the season so catastrophically that the staff were wondering what they could enter Mark for so that he could finish the race.". Cavendish's breakthrough came at the Grote Scheldeprijs race in Belgium, which he won overall after failing to even finish any of his previous races. He went on to win stages at the Four Days of Dunkirk and the Tour of Catalonia Volta a Catalunya, the third oldest cycling stage race in the world, and that brought selection for the 2007 Tour de France, starting in London. He crashed in stages 1 and 2. and abandoned on stage 8 as the race reached the Alps, having taken two top-ten placings but unhappy not to have had a top-five placing.

Then the pattern changed. "Everything fell into place," "L'Équipe" said. His debut season continued, moving on to 10 stage wins, one behind Alessandro Petacchi's record 11 for a début season. Cavendish took his 11th win in early October, the Circuit Franco-Belge, to equal Petacchi's record. Among the wins were three in UCI ProTour events, the two in the Volta a Catalunya and one in the Eneco Tour of Benelux.

In 2008, Cavendish returned to the track, winning the Madison World Championships in Manchester with Bradley Wiggins, as Great Britain topped the medal table.

On the road, Cavendish won his first stages of a "grand tour", by picking two victories in the 2008 Giro d'Italia. Cavendish won four further stages in the 2008 Tour de France, his first coming in Stage 5 from Cholet to Châteauroux. He won again on Stage 8, Stage 12 and Stage 13, making him the first British rider to collect four stages in a single Tour. Overnight, at the age of just 22, he became the "fourth most successful British professional in history", said "The Independent". After Stage 14, Cavendish abandoned the Tour to concentrate on the Beijing Olympics. He and Team Columbia manager Bob Stapleton agreed that riding the Alps was a risk to his hopes. But Cavendish, with Bradley Wiggins, failed to win a medal, finishing joint eighth in the madison. He was the only British track cyclist not to win a medal. Following the Olympics, Cavendish remained angry with British Cycling for not giving much attention to the madison, though Chris Boardman said that Cavendish's professional commitments also interfered with his build up to the Olympics. In November 2008, Cavendish said that he had no further plans to return to track cycling.

The rest of his season was also successful, with a total of eleven further race wins, including three each at the Tour of Ireland which he abandoned on the final day, and the Tour of Missouri, winning his only points classification of the season at the latter. At the Tour de Romandie, Cavendish won the prologue time-trial, beating compatriot Bradley Wiggins and emphasising his short-distance time-trial abilities.

Cavendish's 2009 season began at the Tour of Qatar, where he renewed his rivalry with Tom Boonen. Boonen won the race and one stage, though Cavendish took two stages; he also won two stages at the Tour of California, again beating Boonen in the sprint finishes.
The Tour of California also saw Cavendish win his first points of classification of the 2009 season.
Cavendish was a surprise inclusion in the British squad for the 2009 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, where he competed in the Scratch Race and the Madison, failing to pick-up medals in either.
He took up the European season at Tirreno–Adriatico, the Italian one-week stage race, where he won one stage.
He then entered his first classic race, Milan – San Remo, and, after a week of uncharacteristically humble pre-race statements, rode effectively over the climbs that his rivals had said made this race impossible for him to win - and then tracked down Heinrich Haussler in the last 200 meters to narrowly win the sprint and the race, Cavendish's first victory in a race known as one of the "five monuments of cycling".

Cavendish repeated his two-stage victory at the Three Days of De Panne from 2008, also winning the points classification.

At the start of the 2009 Giro d'Italia Columbia won the Team Time Trial and he was given the Maglia Rosa leaders jersey, becoming the first British rider to ever wear it. The first 2 road stages however were fruitless for Cavendish, who was beaten to the line by Alessandro Petacchi in the first stage and was caught behind a crash and failed to make it back for the sprint the next day. Cavendish soon asserted his sprinting dominance on the race however, gaining 3 stage wins before abandoning following stage 13, citing a need to rest for beginning preparations for the Tour de France. He continued his preparation by racing the Tour de Suisse. He won both stage 3 and stage 6 to wear the points jersey. However, this was taken off him by Fabian Cancellara.
In June he published his first autobiography, "Boy Racer", which covered his career to date. At a press conference in London ahead of the 2009 Tour de France, Cavendish explained that the book was too premature to be seen as a complete biography and that his "biggest motivation for writing it had been to explain himself better" due to the way he perceives himself when performing post-stage interviews. Instead, he felt that the book was "more a biography of last year's Tour stage wins".

During the season, Cavendish developed a remarkable partnership with his leadout man, Mark Renshaw. Continuing his run of success, Cavendish won Stage 2, Stage 3, Stage 10, Stage 11, Stage 19 and Stage 21 of the 2009 Tour de France. In winning the third stage he became the first Briton to hold the green jersey for two days in a row. Cavendish's win on stage 11 enabled him to reclaim the green jersey from rival Thor Hushovd, and equalled Barry Hoban's British record of eight Tour de France stage wins. However, all the points that Cavendish gained in stage 14 were removed after he was judged to have driven Hushovd too close to barriers on the course. Cavendish said of the protest, which he thought was lodged by Hushovd, that, "Thor either thinks so highly of himself that he thinks I was looking out for him yesterday or he thinks so highly of my team that the only way he can beat us is to complain like that." However, the disqualification was confirmed before Hushovd and his team lodged a protest. Cavendish added that the green jersey was no longer within his reach, and that his main objective was now to finish the race and win the final stage in Paris, which he did. Winning the 19th stage, Cavendish set a new record for Tour de France stage wins by a British rider; afterwards, he said that he was "embarrassed" for his comments about "deserving" green jersey wearer Hushovd. In winning the 21st stage, he lead home a remarkable 1-2 for his team, when his team mate and leadout man, Mark Renshaw, finished second on the Champs-Élysées.

Following on from the Tour de France, Cavendish won the Sparkassen Giro Bochum and took part in the Tour of Ireland, winning stage two. On 7 September he recorded the 50th win of his road racing career in a sprint finish in the opening stage of the Tour of Missouri. Before the race he confirmed he will remain with Team Columbia – HTC in 2010, ending speculation linking him with a move to newly created British team, Team Sky. Cavendish retained the leader's jersey by sprinting to victory on stage two but finished fifth on stage three, losing the overall lead to Thor Hushovd, and was forced to withdraw from the race before stage four due to a lung infection. Although selected for the British team for the Men's Road Race at the 2009 UCI Road World Championships, his illness prevented him from taking part.

Following a dental problem, Mark delayed the start of his 2010 season until the 2010 Ruta del Sol, in mid-February. Following the lay off his form was poor, and he failed to defend his victory at the 2010 Milan – San Remo. He was in six minutes after the leaders, down in 89th place. Cavendish's pre-season goals were to win the green jersey in the Tour de France and win the Road Race at the 2010 World Championships. Mark also said that he will race in the 2010 Tour of Flanders but said he will not win it, stating that the Tour of Flanders requires training, but he sees himself winning it in the future.
Following a poor start to the season, Cavendish found form at the 2010 Volta a Catalunya, finishing seventh in the opening time-trial and winning stage 2. His team withdrew Cavendish from the Tour of Romandie after he made an offensive gesture after winning the second stage. Missing the 2010 Giro d'Italia, Cavendish instead chose to compete at the 2010 Tour of California starting on 16 May 2010, where he won the first stage for only his third victory of the season. On 15 June Cavendish crashed heavily whilst sprinting in the closing metres of the 4th stage of the Tour of Switzerland, appearing to veer off line and bring down Heinrich Haussler and several other riders, raising criticism from other teams regarding his riding style. Cavendish entered the 2010 Tour de France. During Stage 1, Cavendish crashed out of the final sprint, with just under 3 km remaining in the stage. Overhead camera footage showed Cavendish failing to negotiate a corner after entering too fast and turning too late. He then leaned his shoulder into a fellow rider as he travelled away from the apex. Cavendish returned to form by winning the Stage 5, Stage 6, Stage 11, Stage 18 and Stage 20, bringing his career total to 15 stage wins. He ended up second in the points classification, 11 points behind Alessandro Petacchi. Cavendish's next race was the 2010 Vuelta a España, in which his team won the opening team time trial. Cavendish crossed the line first and took the leader's jersey. He could only place second or third on the subsequent sprint stages, but returned to form later in the race winning stages 12, 13, 18 and the green jersey points classification.

Cavendish has been described as confident, even arrogant. He said: 

Outside races, he is seen differently. said Brian Holm, his directeur sportif.


Hans Krebs

Sir Hans Adolf Krebs (, ; 25 August 1900 – 22 November 1981) was a German Jewish scientist who became a naturalised British citizen. He was a physician and biochemist.

Krebs researched metabolism. He is famous because he discovered the urea cycle and the citric acid cycle (also called the "Krebs Cycle"). Krebs won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for this, in 1953.

Krebs was born in Hildesheim, Germany. His mother was Alma Davidson. His father was Georg Krebs. Georg Krebs was an ear, nose, and throat doctor. 

Krebs studied medicine at the University of Göttingen and the University of Freiburg from 1918–1923. He earned his Ph.D. at the University of Hamburg in 1925. Next, he studied chemistry in Berlin for one year. In Berlin, he helped Otto Warburg at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Biology until 1930.

Krebs worked as a doctor in the Altona hospital and at the University of Freiburg. At the University of Freiburg he researched the urea cycle.

Because he was Jewish, Krebs could not be a doctor in Germany. In 1933 he moved to England. He worked at Cambridge with Sir Frederick Gowland Hopkins. In Cambridge he researched biochemistry. In 1945 he became a Professor (teacher) at the University of Sheffield.

In 1954 he became a professor in Oxford. After his retirement, Krebs continued work at the Radcliffe Infirmary until his death. He was a fellow of Trinity College in Oxford.

In 1953 Krebs received the Nobel Prize in Physiology for his "discovery of the citric acid cycle". He was knighted in 1958. 

Krebs was elected Honorary Fellow of Girton College, Cambridge University in 1979.

In 1938, Krebs married Margaret Cicely Fieldhouse. They had three children: two boys and a girl. His son John Krebs was an ornithologist (scientist who studies birds) and member of the House of Lords. His other son was called Paul. His daughter was Helen. 

Krebs died in Oxford, England in 1981.


Gabriel Narutowicz

Gabriel Joźef Narutowicz (born 17 March 1865 – 16 December 1922) was a Polish professor of hydroelectric engineering and politician who served as the first President of Poland.

On December 16, 1922, only five days after taking office as a first President, Narutowicz was shot three times in the back with a revolver while attending an art exhibit in the Zachęta National Gallery of Art. He was pronounced dead at the scene. The assassin, Eligiusz Niewiadomski, modernist painter and art critic who sympathized with the right-wing National Democracy movement in an art gallery that supported Narutowicz's political enemies. Niewiadomski was sentenced to death in a 1 day trial and executed outside the Warsaw Citadel on January 31, 1923.

Mechanical advantage

Mechanical advantage (also written as MA in formulas) is the factor by which a machine multiplies force. The mechanical advantage of a machine can be used to find out how well a machine works and whether it can perform a particular job.

The mechanical advantage of a machine is the ratio of the load (the resistance overcome by a machine) to the effort (the force applied). 

For an ideal (without friction) mechanism, it is also equal to:

There is no unit for mechanical advantages since the unit for both input and output forces cancel out.

There are two types of mechanical advantage: ideal and actual.

"Ideal mechanical advantage" (also written as IMA) assumes that no power is lost by friction or other causes. This means the power of the input (load) should equal the power of the output (effort). So, force times speed of the input should equal force times speed of the output.

You can calculate ideal mechanical advantage without measuring the forces. It is the distance over which effort is applied, divided by the distance over which the load is moved.

In reality, there is friction, so some of the power is lost. The "actual mechanical advantage" (also written as AMA) is always less than ideal. To calculate actual mechanical advantage, you must measure the forces. Then divide the output force by the input force.

The "mechanical efficiency" is the ratio of the actual mechanical advantage to the ideal mechanical advantage. It is also written as η, the Greek letter eta.

Jefferson Station (SEPTA)

Jefferson Station is a SEPTA station in the Market East neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Its official SEPTA address is 12th and Filbert streets. Of the three Center City stations on the SEPTA system, Jefferson Station is located the farthest east. It is part of the Center City Commuter Connection. Opened in November 1984, the station replaced the Reading Terminal, which had closed on November 6, 1984. Jefferson Station cost $75 million to build, and is owned and maintained by SEPTA. The station used to be called Market East Station but the name changed to Jefferson Station on September 4, 2014 after Thomas Jefferson University Hospital paid $4 million to have the station named for them.

The station is wide and two blocks long. The tracks are below the street.


30th Street Station

30th Street Station is a major Amtrak and SEPTA station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is part of the Center City Commuter Connection. It is on the Northeast Corridor.

Center City Commuter Connection

The Center City Commuter Connection is an underground train tunnel in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It connects the core SEPTA stations Jefferson Station, Suburban Station, and 30th Street Station. The stations connect the networks of rail previously operated by the Reading Railroad and Pennsylvania Railroad.

Suburban Station

Suburban Station is one of the core SEPTA Regional Rail stations in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is part of the Center City Commuter Connection. It is at 16th Street and JFK Boulevard. It was built by the Pennsylvania Railroad to replace the old Broad Street Station. It officially opened on September 28, 1930. Suburban Station originally had eight tracks and four platforms, until the Center City Commuter Connection extended the tracks to the newer Jefferson Station. It also added another platform.

The Shaggs

The Shaggs were an American all-female rock group formed in Fremont, New Hampshire in 1968. The band was composed of sisters Dorothy "Dot" Wiggin (vocals/lead guitar), Betty Wiggin (vocals/rhythm guitar), Helen Wiggin (drums), and later Rachel Wiggin (bass).

The sisters' father, Austin Wiggin, made Dot, Betty and Helen start a band. When Austin was young, his mother had predicted that Austin would have daughters who would be part of a famous music group.

The band's only studio album, "Philosophy of the World", was released in 1969. The album was not very well-known, though the band's live performances were popular in their local area. The Shaggs disbanded in 1975 after the death of Austin.

Helen Wiggin died in 2006. The widow of Austin Wiggin, Jr., Annie Wiggin, died in 2005.








Random forest

Random forest is a statistical algorithm that is used to cluster points of data in functional groups. When the data set is large and/or there are many variables it becomes difficult to cluster the data because not all variables can be taken into account, therefore the algorithm can also give a certain chance that a data point belongs in a certain group.

This is how the clustering takes place.


In a random forest algorithm the number of trees grown (ntree) and the number of variables that are used at each split (mtry) can be chosen by hand; example settings are 500 trees, 71 variables.

Cambrian explosion

The Cambrian explosion is when many animal phyla first appeared in the fossil record. It happened 541 million years ago (mya). Probably most had evolved before then, but that was their first appearance as fossils.

Before about 580 mya it seems that most organisms were simple. They were made of individual cells, occasionally organized into colonies. Over the following 70 or 80 million years the rate of evolution seemed to accelerate. By the end of the Cambrian most phyla we know today existed.

The Cambrian explosion has caused much scientific debate. The seemingly rapid appearance of fossils in the 'primordial strata' was noted as early as the mid 19th century, and Charles Darwin saw it as one of the main objections that could be made against his theory of evolution by natural selection.

The long-running puzzlement about the appearance of the Cambrian fauna, seemingly abruptly and from nowhere, centres on three key points: 
Understanding it is difficult because the supply of evidence is limited. The evidence is an incomplete fossil record, and chemical signatures left in Cambrian rocks.

The Cambrian explosion is the classic example of megaevolution. By that is not meant a different kind of evolution; rather, it means evolution which produces a tremendous effect. The word 'macroevolution' is used because the changes were really big.

The Cambrian explosion started in the Ediacaran from about 575 mya, and continued to the Burgess Shale at about 507 mya. That is about 68 million years. By the end all modern phyla had evolved, and since then no new phyla have appeared in the fossil record. This is one of the things that need to be explained.

Stromatolites, stubby pillars built by colonies of cyanobacteria and other microorganisms, are the first fossils. Their record starts about 3.5 billion years ago, and they were very common from about 2700 mya. They declined steeply after about 1250 mya, and this decline was probably caused by grazing and burrowing animals.

Precambrian marine diversity was dominated by small fossils known as acritarchs. This term describes almost any small organic walled fossilfrom the egg cases of small metazoans to resting cysts of many different kinds of green algae. After appearing around 2000 mya, acritarchs had a boom around 1000 mya, increasing in number, diversity, size, complexity of shape and especially size and number of spines. Their increasingly spiny forms in the last billion years may indicate an increased need for defence against predation. Other groups of small organisms from the Neoproterozoic era also show signs of anti-predator defences. Measuring taxon longevity seems to show an increase in predation around this time.
However, in general, the rate of evolution in the Precambrian was very slow, with many cyanobacterial species lasting unchanged for billions of years. Of course, bacteria are defined mainly by their biochemistry, especially their genomes. Changes in their biochemistry would usually leave no trace in the fossil record.

If the predatory organisms which grazed on bacteria and acritarchs really were metazoans, this means that Cambrian animals did not appear "from nowhere" at the base of the Cambrian; their ancestors had existed for hundreds of millions of years.


San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station

San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station (SONGS) is one of the largest nuclear generating stations in the U.S. It is at the north of San Diego County, California. It has two active 1,100-megawatt units. It began operation in 1968. 

SONGS is the region’s largest power source with 2,200 megawatts of output. That is enough power for 1.4 million average Southern California homes.

The station is built to withstand a magnitude 7.0 earthquake. A geological fault that might cause a tsunami and threaten the plant is about 5 miles offshore.

CSI: NY

CSI: NY (also known as Crime Scene Investigation: New York) is an American crime drama television series that was created by Anthony E. Zuiker, Carol Mendelsohn and Ann Donahue. "CSI: NY" debuted on September 22, 2004 on CBS. It is a second spin-off of the original series, "". It also debuted on CTV in Canada. In 2014, CBS canceled the show after 9 seasons.

Tomáš Vokoun

Tomáš Vokoun (born 2 July 1976 in Karlovy Vary, Czechoslovakia) is an Czech retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Montreal Canadiens, Nashville Predators, Florida Panthers, Washington Capitals and Pittsburgh Penguins. He was selected 226th overall by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft. He also played for the Montreal Canadiens in 1996 and for the Nashville Predators from 1998 to 2006 before being traded to the Florida Panthers for a first-round selection in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft, a second-round selection in the 2007 draft (number 58) and a conditional second-round selection in either 2007 or 2008. After 4 seasons with the Panthers, Vokoun signed a one-year contract with the Washington Capitals on 2 July 2011. He played 1 season with the Capitals and was traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins for a 7th round pick at the 2012 NHL Entry Draft. He also played in the ECHL with the Wheeling Thundbirds. He retired from playing professional ice hockey on 15 December 2014.

He won a bronze medal with the Czech Republic's national ice hockey team in 2006.


K.S.V. Oudenaarde

Koninklijke Sport Vereniging Oudenaarde is a Belgian team from Oudenaarde. The team was founded in 1919.




Juno (movie)

Juno is a 2007 American teen comedy-drama movie set in Minnesota. It was written by Diablo Cody and directed by Jason Reitman. It starred Elliot Page as Juno MacGuff, a teenage girl who becomes pregnant by her best friend (who is played by Michael Cera). The movie made $231 million around the world.

In the movie, Juno MacGuff thinks about getting an abortion and goes to an abortion clinic, but chooses not to. Both people who think abortion should be legal and people who think it should not be legal thought that the movie supported their views. Reitman said that he did not try to put a political message in the movie.

"Juno" got good reviews from most movie critics who saw it. 93% of the critics listed on RottenTomatoes.com gave the movie a good review. "Juno" won an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.

Masatoshi Hamada

Masatoshi Hamada (born May 11, 1963 in Naniwa-ku, Osaka) is an Japanese comedian, actor and director. Hamada is probably best known for being one-half of the comedy duo Downtown also with member Hitoshi Matsumoto. While apart of Downtown, Hamada and Matsumoto made two television shows, Downtown no Gaki no Tsukai ya Arahende!! and Hey! Hey! Hey! Music Champ. He also voiced Japanese dubs of the characters "Shrek" in the Shrek series, "Buck the Diesel" in Thomas and Friends and "Slowking" in . He is married to his wife Natsumi Ogawa and they have two children.


Youth in Revolt (movie)

Youth in Revolt is a 2009 American comedy movie based on C.D. Payne's novel and directed by Miguel Arteta. It was released on January 8, 2010 at the Deauville American Film Festival in September 2009. The movie received positive reviews with a 69% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 63 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Hugo Theorell

Axel Hugo Theodor Theorel (6 July 1903 – 15 August 1982) was an Swedish scientist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1955 for his discoveries on the oxidation enzyme and its effects. 

Theorell died in Stockholm in 1982.

Werner Arber

Werner Arber (born 3 June 1929) is a Swiss microbiologist and geneticist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1978 for his discovery of restriction endonucleases which he shared with Daniel Nathans and Hamilton O. Smith.

Arber as one of 20 Nobel Laureates who signed the "Stockholm memorandum" at the 3rd Nobel Laureate Symposium on Global Sustainability in Stockholm, Sweden on 18 May 2011.

Elliot Page

Elliot Page (born Ellen Page, February 21, 1987) is a Canadian actor. Page was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress for his role in "Juno", in which he played a pregnant teenager. Page has also starred in movies including "Hard Candy", "Whip It", and "Inception".

Page is from Halifax, Nova Scotia.

On February 14, 2014, Page came out as a gay woman, and has been a well-known advocate of the LGBTQ community. In December 2020, he came out as transgender and uses he/they pronouns. He was married to dancer Emma Portner from 2018 to 2021.

Seward Peninsula

The Seward Peninsula is a large peninsula on the western coast of the U.S. state of Alaska. It sticks out about into the Bering Sea. It is just below the Arctic Circle. The peninsula is about long and wide.

The town of Seward, Alaska is actually not on the Seward Peninsula. It is much further south, on the Kenai Peninsula.

The Seward Peninsula was once part of the Bering land bridge. This was a strip of land that used to exist that connected Alaska with Siberia with mainland Alaska. It existed millions of years ago during a time called the Pleistocene Ice Age. People, animals, and plants all came across the land bridge into North America. Archaeologists have found proof that Inupiat Eskimos have been living there for thousands of years.

The Peninsula does not have a lot of people today. There are no roads going there. The largest town is Nome. There are about 3,000 people there. The next largest town, Shishmaref, has only 607 people. Most of the other towns there have only a few hundred people. Some old mining towns there have no people left at all and have become ghost towns.

The "Devil Mountain Lakes" are on the Seward Peninsula. They are a kind of lake called a "maar" which is made by a volcano. The Devil Mountain Lakes are the biggest lakes like this in the whole world. There are four mountain ranges on the peninsula, the biggest ones are the Kigluaik (or Sawtooth) Mountains. The highest point on peninsula is the peak of Mount Osborn. Other mountain ranges on the Seward Peninsula include the Bendeleben Mountains, Darby Mountains, and York Mountains. There is also a big lava flow called "The Lost Jim Lava Flow". Several hot springs are located throughout the peninsula as well.

The Seward Peninsula has several rivers. The rivers are important to the people who live there for several reasons. One reason is that they can catch fish to eat in them. Another reason is that they can travel by boat since there no roads. That way they can get to other towns on the river or to places where there are animals to hunt. Finding food is important there because there are not a lot of stores and it costs a lot of money to take food that far in an airplane or boat. The rivers freeze in the wintertime.

The most common kind of tree there is called a black spruce. It is a kind of pine tree.

"Cape Prince of Wales" is on the Peninsula. No other part of the mainland of North America is further west. It is only from Russia.

The peninsula was named after William H. Seward. He was the United States Secretary of State made the deal with Russia to let the United States buy Alaska from them in 1867.

Ramon Harewood

Ramon Harewood (born February 3, 1987 in St. Michael, Barbados) is an Barbadian former professional football offensive tackle. He played 6 games in the National Football League (NFL). He played his entire NFL career with the Baltimore Ravens. Harewood was drafted out of Morehouse College by the Baltimore Ravens with the 194th overall pick in the 6th round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He won a Super Bowl ring with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34–31 in Super Bowl XLVII. 

On August 25, 2013, Harewood was waived by the Ravens.

On January 22, 2014, Harewood was signed to a future contract by the Denver Broncos. The Broncos waived him on June 3, 2014.


President of the Swiss Confederation

The President of the Swiss Confederation is the chair of the Federal Council of Switzerland and is the first amongst equals of councillors of the executive branch of the Swiss government.

Under the Swiss constitution of 1999, the Federal Council is the "highest executive authority". Although the president of the confederation has some extra duties to represent Switzerland, he is not the head of state.

All decisions are that a head of state would make are decided by a meeting of the Federal Council. For example, treaties are signed on behalf of the Federal Council, and all members of the federal council sign the "letters of credence" to introduce ambassadors sent by Switzerland to a foreign country. All ambassadors sent by a foreign country to Switzerland meet all of the members of the Federal Council, not just the President. 

The President of the Confederation is sometimes called the "primus inter pares" (first equal) in the Federal Council.

Only three other countries in the world do not have one person as a head of state, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Andorra and San Marino. 


<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

Van Diemen Gulf

Van Diemen Gulf () is a gulf between Arnhem Land, the Cobourg Peninsula and Melville Island in northern Australia. It joins the Timor Sea in the west by the Clarence Strait near the city of Darwin. It joins the Arafura Sea in the north by Dundas Strait between Melville Island and Cobourg Peninsula. It covers an area of about 14,000 km².

Rivers flowing into the Gulf include the South Alligator River, the East Alligator River and the Adelaide River.

Abel Tasman mapped the northern entrance to the Gulf, Dundas Strait, in 1644. The Gulf is named after the Dutch Governor of Batavia, Anthony Van Diemen.

The waters in the Gulf near the Cobourg Peninsula are protected by the Garig Gunak Barlu National Park.

HTC–Highroad

HTC-Highroad ("UCI team code:"THR) is a professional cycling team competing in international road bicycle races. Their current title sponsor is HTC Corporation, a Taiwanese maker of Smartphones. High Road Sports is the management company of team manager Bob Stapleton. Past title sponsors include Columbia Sportswear and Deutsche Telekom.

The team was set up in 1991 as Team Telekom, sponsored by Deutsche Telekom. In 2004 their name changed to the T-Mobile-Team. It has 29 riders, 9 physiotherapists or nurses, 9 mechanics and service persons, and has 22 partners. The team is managed by Bob Stapleton and Rolf Aldag. Former leaders include Olaf Ludwig, Walter Godefroot and Eddy Vandenhecke (managers), Luuc Eisenga (spokesperson) and Brian Holm, Valerio Piva (sports directors).

At the end of 1988, former World Champion Hennie Kuiper set up a German cycling team that was sponsored by the city of Stuttgart and rode on Eddy Merckx cycles. The team was called "Stuttgart-Merckx-Gonsor" for the 1989 season and had nine riders (which included Udo Bölts). At that time when there were no German cycling teams and the country's main cycling event, the Rund um den Henninger Turm had not been won by a German since Rudi Altig in 1970. During its first year of existence team rider Dariusc Kajzer brought the team its first success in the National Road Race Championships in Germany. The team became "Stuttgart-Mercedes-Merckx-Puma" in 1990 and Bölts continued the success of the team by becoming road race champion of Germany.

Deutsche Telekom came in as the main sponsor in 1991 and the team was known as "Telekom-Mercedes-Merckx-Puma". According to an interview with Godefroot, it was Bölts’ 17th place at the 1991 Vuelta a España that prompted him to accept the Telekom management’s offer to take over the running of the team. Godefroot signed several riders including Classics specialist and 1991 Paris–Roubaix winner Marc Madiot. Bölts who was involved with the team since its beginnings in 1989 stayed with the team until 2003, continued building on the successes of the team by winning stage 19, the Queen stage of the 1992 Giro d'Italia. Jens Heppner continued this with his tenth place overall at the 1992 Tour de France. 

The Telekom team signed all the promising cyclists that were coming from Germany at that time and who were becoming successful. These included Jens Heppner and Christian Henn in 1992, Erik Zabel, Rolf Aldag and Steffen Wesemann in 1993 and Jan Ullrich in 1994. Many of these riders would ride for more than ten years with the team. Olaf Ludwig also signed in 1993 and finished his career with the team. In 1994, Zabel won the first UCI Road World Cup victory in the history of the team, the Paris–Tours.

In 1993 the team again achieved success in the national championship road race in Germany. This was the start of the team’s 11 year domination and possession of the German champion’s jersey. Many of the successful team riders that spent many years of their career with Telekom would become German national champions – Bernd Gröne in 1993, Jens Heppner in 1994, Bölts in 1990, 1995 and 1999, Christian Henn in 1996, Jan Ullrich in 1997 and 2001, Erik Zabel in 1998 and 2003, Rolf Aldag in 2000, Danilo Hondo in 2002 and finally Andreas Klöden in 2004. 

The team soon became an important presence on the international cycling stage. However the team was not invited to the 1995 Tour de France. Eventually the organisers of the Tour agreed that six Telekom members, namely Rolf Aldag, Udo Bölts, Jens Heppner, Vladimir Pulnikov, Erik Zabel and Olaf Ludwig, would be joined with three members of the ZG Mobili to form a composite team. Zabel went on to win two stages in the race. 
The next two years saw the international breakthrough of the team. Godefroot brought in Danish rider Bjarne Riis, the third place finisher of the 1995 Tour and he went on to win the 1996 Tour de France, with the then 22-year old German support rider Jan Ullrich finishing in second place. In addition, Zabel won the first of six green jerseys for winning the points competition. Bolts won the Clásica de San Sebastián and Wesemann won his second and the first of four wins with the Telekom team of the famous stage race the Peace Race. 

The 1997 Tour de France saw the emergence of Ullrich as he won the race with support from Riis, who in turn had won the World Cup race Amstel Gold Race earlier in 1997. Team Telekom also won the team classification, as the overall strongest team of the 1997 Tour. In addition, Bolts won the Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré, Zabel won Milan – San Remo for the first of four times with the team. Ullrich also won the Championships of Hamburg semi-classic. The following year this race was elevated to the status of World Cup. In addition the Deutschland Tour returned in 1999 – evidence of the continuing popularity of cycling in Germany at the time. While Ullrich had a crash in the race and was forced to retire, Team Telekom did win the first edition of the race with Heppner and would win the race again with Alexander Vinokourov in 2001. 

Ullrich finished second in the 1998 Tour de France but went on to win the 1999 Vuelta a España, although he missed the 1999 Tour de France due to a knee injury. After winning the Vuelta, Ullrich became World time trial champion which enabled him to wear the rainbow jersey during time trials. He would win this again in 2001. The next year, Zabel won the overall World Cup victory, having won the Milan – San Remo and Amstel Gold Race, while Ullrich placed second again in the 2000 Tour de France to Lance Armstrong. Ullrich won the gold medal in the Olympic road race and the silver medal in the Olympic time trial. In 2001, Zabel won Milan – San Remo for the fourth time. Ullrich came in second in the 2001 Tour de France, while Zabel won six stages combined in the 2001 Tour and Vuelta. Kazakh rider Alexandre Vinokourov won the Paris–Nice stage race in 2002, a feat he would duplicate in 2003, also winning the Amstel Gold Race and Tour de Suisse that year. As Ullrich left the team to form Team Bianchi in 2003, Vinokourov became team leader for the 2003 Tour de France. He finished in third place, just below the second placed Ullrich. Zabel won the 2003 Paris–Tours, while Italian rider Daniele Nardello took the Züri-Metzgete.

The team had a continuous presence at the top of the professional peloton and continued to sign the emerging German cyclists of the times with Andreas Klöden in 1998, Jörg Jaksche in 1999, Matthias Kessler in 2000 and Stefan Schumacher in 2002 to name but a few. In addition the team signed many successful non-German riders such as Georg Totschnig, Alexander Vinokourov, Cadel Evans, Santiago Botero and Paolo Savoldelli.

In 2005 a film titled "Hell on Wheels" was released. It is a record of the 100th anniversary (but only the 90th running because of World War I and World War II) of the Tour de France in 2003 from the perspective of the then-Team Telekom.

From 2004, the team changed its name to T-Mobile. Jan Ullrich returned to the team. The team achieved a great number of success, among which was Steffan Wesemanns win in the Ronde van Vlaanderen. Coming up to the 2004 Tour de France, Kloden became German road race champion and Ullrich won the Tour de Suisse and raced the 2004 Tour de France as team leader, while Vinokourov did not ride the Tour de France for the team. Jan Ullrich finished fourth, while Andreas Klöden was the best placed rider of the team in second place. T-Mobile Team won the team classification, as the overall strongest team of the 2004 Tour. In the spring season of 2005, Vinokourov won the Liège–Bastogne–Liège classic race. Ullrich, as the team leader, finished 3rd overall in the 2005 Tour de France. Alexandre Vinokourov rode in support, and finished fifth as he won two stages, including the final stage on the Champs-Elysees. Italian rider Giuseppe Guerini also won a stage and T-Mobile Team matched their 2004 feat by once again winning the team classification in 2005. Zabel won the Paris–Tours for the third time at the end of the season. 

In July 2005, during the 2005 Tour, Vinokourov's contract was running out and people wondered if he was to stay with T-Mobile. With four days left of the 2005 Tour, he made an announcement that he would leave the team to pursue his own chances of winning the Tour de France as a team captain and after the Tour he joined the Liberty Seguros team. After 13 years with Team Telekom and T-Mobile Team, Erik Zabel also left in 2005 to ride for the newly formed Team Milram. Before the 2006 season, Walter Godefroot stepped down and Olaf Ludwig became the new T-Mobile team manager.

In the most controversial scandal since the 1998 tour, thirteen riders were expelled from the 2006 Tour de France stemming from a Spanish doping scandal, on the eve of Strasbourg prologue to the 93rd edition. Jan Ullrich, one of the favorites to win the race, was among those excluded from the Tour. Another T-Mobile rider, Oscar Sevilla, was also expelled, leaving the team starting with only seven riders.

On 9 July, the team announced the dismissal of its sporting director, Rudy Pevenage, for his implication with former Tour de France winner Jan Ullrich in a Spanish blood doping scandal. "The contract linking T-Mobile to Pevenage has been retrospectively stopped on 30 June," the team's general manager, Olaf Ludwig, said.

On July 21, 2006, T-Mobile fired Jan Ullrich from the team pending the doping investigation.
At the 2006 Tour de France, T-Mobile won the team classification for the third consecutive year, Andreas Klöden reached the podium (3rd place) for the second time, Matthias Kessler won Stage 3, Serhiy Honchar won two individual time trials (Stages 7 and 19) and wore the yellow jersey for 3 days (after Stages 7–9).

After the Tour de France, the team completely changed; Team manager Olaf Ludwig left the team and was replaced by Bob Stapleton. Rolf Aldag, Allan Peiper and Tristan Hoffman became directeur sportifs. As already discussed Ullrich, Sevilla and Pevenage were dismissed from the team. Several riders who had been with the team for a long time such as Steffen Wesemann, Andreas Klöden and Matthias Kessler left or their contracts were not extended. Jörg Ludewig was put on suspension and his contract was not increased in connection with intention to dope previously in his career and before he joined T-Mobile. Eddy Mazzoleni who was in his first year for the team would also leave. The contracts of Bram Schmitz and Bas Gilling were not renewed. Dr. Lothar Heinrich, the team doctor since 1995, and Dr. Andreas Schmid set up a new comprehensive testing system. Following the revelations that came out of the Operación Puerto investigation, Heinrich allegedly nearly quit the sport but instead he joined with Stapleton and other team staff to create a new system of internal controls and health checks that he insisted would demonstrate that T-Mobile riders were clean and to restore credibility to the sport.

In May 2007, several former riders admitted using banned substances (including EPO) while riding for the team in the mid 1990s, including Erik Zabel, Rolf Aldag, Brian Holm, Bjarne Riis, Bert Dietz, Udo Bölts and Christian Henn including the seasons in which Riis and Ullrich won the Tour de France. Team doctors Andreas Schmid and Lothar Heinrich also confessed to participating and administering banned substances. The latter was Team Telekom's sporting director until May 3, 2007 when he was suspended following allegations published in former team member Jef d'Hont's book.

In an effort to present a renewed image the team brought a young team to the 2007 Tour de France, and promoted a drug-free attitude and image. Despite this, team member Patrik Sinkewitz tested positive for elevated testosterone during a training camp. The test results were only announced when Sinkiewitz had dropped out of the Tour because of injury. He was still in hospital when he was suspended from Team T-Mobile, and was dismissed on 31 July 2007.

In November 2007, Deutsche Telekom AG announced that it was to end sponsorship of professional cycling with immediate effect. The team continued under the name "Team High Road" through June 2008. The team changed nationality in February 2008, switching from Germany to the United States.
The team continued thanks to funding solely from the team owner Bob Stapleton, as the team did not have enough time to gather sponsors for the new year. The team had a successful start to the year with Luxembourg rider Kim Kirchen winning the classic La Flèche Wallonne. Results like this and also High-Road's performance at the Giro d'Italia helped the team secure a sponsor for the end of the year

On June 15, 2008 Columbia Sportswear announced a three year sponsorship of the team beginning on July 5, the start of the Tour de France. The team's new name is "Team Columbia". The sponsorship includes both the men's and women's teams. The announcement of this new deal with Columbia coincided with a highly successful Tour, in which the team won 5 individual stages (four of which went to British sprinter Mark Cavendish) as well as team leader Kim Kirchen leading the general classification in the Tour de France for four days in addition to leading the points classification in the Tour de France.
The team capped off a successful 2008 by finishing second to Team CSC in the CQ Team Ranking.

On June 29, 2009 HTC announced a three year sponsorship of the team beginning with the 2009 Tour de France. The team's new name is "Team Columbia-HTC." Like the Columbia Sportswear sponsorship, the HTC sponsorship includes both the men's and women's teams. The team enjoyed great success at the 2009 Tour de France with Mark Cavendish winning 6 stages over the course of the 3 weeks. The most memorable of these was his victory on the Champs-Élysées in Paris where he won by a huge margin; almost 30m, with his own lead out man, Mark Renshaw having enough time to come in 2nd with his arms raised. A documentary film called Chasing Legends was later released that covered the 2009 tour through the eyes of HTC-Columbia.

August proved a very good month for Norwegian allrounder Edvald Boasson Hagen, with two stage wins and a podium finish in the Tour of Poland and two more stage wins and the GC win in the Eneco Tour. After stage wins in the other two Grand Tours of 2009, it took the team only three days to win yet another in the Vuelta, where Gregory Henderson took home the flowers.

Despite its many successes, Team Columbia does not seem to be able to afford as many top riders as they have, and due to their many victories, a lot of riders were targeted by other teams for the 2010 season. Notable riders such as Kim Kirchen, Edvald Boasson Hagen, Michael Barry, George Hincapie and Thomas Lövkvist elected to leave the team. As replacements, a lot of young talented riders, such as Jan Ghyselinck, Rasmus Guldhammer and Martin and Peter Velits, were contracted.

On October 17, 2010 Team Columbia HTC announced a tie up with Specialized for 2011 and beyond. Specialized will supply the team‘s frames, forks, and helmets. The men will race the S-Works Tarmac for most road races, the S-Works Roubaix for cobbled classics, and the Shiv TT in time trials. The all-new S-Works Prevail and TT3 helmets will protect the riders in road and TT applications, respectively.

As of January 1, 2011.

National championships in 2008: 

National championships in 2009: 



Genetic code

The genetic code is the set of rules by which information encoded within genetic material (DNA or mRNA sequences) is translated into proteins by living cells. Biological decoding is done by the ribosome. This links amino acids together in an order specified by mRNA. It uses transfer RNA (tRNA) molecules to carry amino acids and to read the mRNA. The molecules read the mRNA three nucleotides at a time. These nucleotide triplets are called codons. A codon specifies which amino acid will be added next during protein synthesis. There are some exceptions, but usually a three-nucleotide codon represents a single amino acid.

The genetic code among all organisms is very similar. It can be expressed in a simple table with 64 entries.

The genetic code decides the protein sequence for a given coding region (gene). Other regions in the genome can influence when and where these proteins are produced.



Altricial

Altricial, meaning "requiring care", refers to a group or kind of creature that is incapable of moving around on its own soon after hatching or being born. The word is derived from the Latin root "alere" meaning "to nurse, to rear, or to nourish", which means that young has to be taken care of for a long time before it can overcome its helplessness.

Birds or mammals which need much less care after birth are called precocial, meaning they are precocious.


Glen Matlock

Glen Matlock (born 27 August 1956) is the first bassist of the British punk group Sex Pistols.

He left the group in 1977, because he "liked the Beatles", legend being "thrown out". Matlock was replaced by John Ritchie, also known as Sid Vicious.

In May 2010 it was announced that Matlock would be a member of a reunion of The Faces, scheduled to play at the Vintage at Goodwood festival in London in August 2010. He has spoken publicly against Brexit.

Cockfosters tube station

Cockfosters is a London Underground station on the Piccadilly Line. It is the line's northern terminus. The station is on Cockfosters Road (A111), and is about 9 miles from central London. The station serves Cockfosters in the London Borough of Barnet, but it is actually a short distance away, across the borough boundary in the neighbouring London Borough of Enfield. The station is in Travelcard Zone 5. The next station southeast is Oakwood.


Villi

Villi (singular is "villus") are small, finger-like structures in the small intestine. They help to absorb digested food. Each villus has microvilli which increase the surface area of the intestinal walls. A larger surface area allows nutrients to be taken in more quickly.

The food (proteins, fats and carbohydrates) has already been broken down by enzymes called proteases, lipases and amylases. The amino acids and sugars (breakdown molecules of proteins and carbohydrates) go first into the blood stream. Then they are processed by the liver, which acts like a chemical factory for the body. Lipid substances (such as cholesterol) go first into the lymphatic system, and eventually into the blood stream and the liver.

Statius

Publius Papinius Statius ( 45 – 96 A.D.) was a Roman poet born in Naples, Italy. Published in 92 A.D., his major epic was called "Thebaid". It has the same theme as the Seven Against Thebes, a play by Aeschylus, the fight of seven city states against Thebes. He also wrote poems for different occasions. These poems are known as "Silvae" today. They show what the life at the court of Domitian was like. Even though he is not well-known today, he was better known during his time. He also appears in "The Divine Comedy".

IPad 2

The iPad 2 is a tablet made by Apple Inc. As the second model in the iPad line, it has a faster A5 chip, and is faster than the previous model.

The device was first made available with three sizes – 16, 32, and 64 GB – and two options – Wi-Fi only or Wi-Fi and cellular. Each version of the device is available with either a black or white front. But after the release of the 3rd generation iPad in March 2012, the 32 and 64 GB versions were discontinued, leaving only the 16 GB version being available. 

A popular tablet, it was in the line-up as a cheap iPad model for three years until March 2014, later with a small upgrade to an advanced version of the A5 chip. Its basic design made the centre of the first iPad mini, which had the same screen pixel count and the same things at a smaller size.

The tablet became available from March to May 2011. The April 29, 2011 release date for Japan was due to the earthquake and tsunami which hit the country on March 11, 2011.

Supported from iOS 4 to iOS 9, the iPad 2 is the only device using the Apple A5 to have received six versions of iOS, and the first device made by Apple to do so.

Apple began selling the iPad 2 on its website on March 11, and in its U.S. stores at 5 pm on that date. Many stores in big cities, such as New York, sold out in hours. Online shopping delays had increased to three to four weeks on Sunday and four to five weeks by Tuesday.

The iPad 2 was released in 25 other countries on March 25, 2011. The countries included Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Italy, Ireland, Hungary, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

The April 29, 2011 release date for Japan was delayed due to the earthquake and tsunami which hit the country on March 11, 2011. The iPads were delayed due to the chip used in the iPads being made by Toshiba, which was affected by the earthquake and tsunami, resulting in delay for a long period of time.

The iPad 2 was later released in Hong Kong, India, South Korea, Singapore, Philippines, Malaysia and other countries including Japan on April 29, 2011. It was then released in many other countries which include China, Estonia, Thailand, Brazil, Russia and Taiwan on two dates, May 6 and 27.

The 32 and 64GB models were removed on March 7, 2012, after the announcement of the third generation iPad. The 16GB Wi-Fi and 16GB Wi-Fi + 3G models were later removed on March 18, 2014.

In late March 2011, the iPad 2 was released with iOS 4.3, which had Airplay Mirroring and Home Sharing with other features. On October 12, 2011, after the release of the iPhone 4S, the iPad can upgrade to the iOS 5.1 update which released more than 200 new features to iOS devices including Game Center, iMessage, Reminders, and a new notice system, using a new style instead of the old “alert” style. Later, iOS 5 was available for the iPad 2, which released more than 200 features on the iOS devices. On September 19, 2012, iOS 6 was released for many iOS devices, but not all features are available on the iPad 2. The upgrade was an update package and had a lot of new features, which had a map software made by Apple named Apple Maps, a "Clock" app, which has a timer, stopwatch and alarm, and Facebook with other new features. In 2013 the iPad 2 received iOS 7, but some features were not available, with AirDrop only being available to the iPad 4 and later, and no Siri. It later got iOS 8 in 2014, being the first Apple device to get five versions of iOS (4, 5, 6, 7, and 8). But most of its new features do not work on the device due to old parts used in the tablet, and its performance was poor. Users have also reported problems on the device. In 2015, the device got iOS 9, being the first device to get six iOS versions (4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9) but many features weren’t on the tablet either due to older parts in it.

The iPad 2 did not get iOS 10, released in 2016.

2011 Myanmar earthquake

The 2011 Myanmar earthquake was a 6.8 magnitude earthquake on March 24 in Shan State, Myanmar. Its hypocenter was deep. It had two aftershocks, one of magnitude 4.8, another at magnitude 5.4. The quake's epicenter was from the northern Thai city of Chiang Rai, north of Mae Sai and southeast of Kentung.

"The Bangkok Post" reported on 27 March 2011, that the death toll was "over 150", which is double the official figure of 75.

20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (1954 movie)

20,000 Leagues Under the Sea is a 1954 movie directed by Richard Fleischer. It is about a man who goes on a discovery all over the world with Captain Nemo. It stars Kirk Douglas as Ned Land, James Mason as Captain Nemo, Paul Lukas as Professor Pierre Aronnax, and Peter Lorre as Conseil. It was the first science fiction movie produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was the only science fiction movie produced by Walt Disney himself. It was also the first feature length Disney movie to be distributed by Buena Vista Distribution. The movie has become the best-known adaptation of the book of the same name by Jules Verne. It is cited as an early example of the steampunk genre.

Black market

The black market is the trade of goods illegally. Black markets operate outside the normal economy. The black market is different from the so-called Grey market, where goods are traded legally, but outside the common channels. Goods and services traded on the black market include drug and arms trafficking as well as human trafficking and prostitution. 

In some cases, the goods or services are cheaper than on the normal market, because taxes or production costs do not need to be paid - very often the goods traded were stolen. In other cases, the price on the black market is higher, because the goods are difficult to get, and producing or handling them may be dangerous. Prices in the illegal drug trade are often much higher than for similar but legitimate goods, for these reasons. 

As with legitimate trade, the economic principles are still that of a market: supply and demand influence the price.


Thebes

Thebes is the name of two cities:


Linda Evans

Linda Evans (born November 18, 1942) is an American actress.

Born Linda Evenstad in Hartford, Connecticut, U.S.. She began her career making appearances in television series The Adventures of Ozzie & Harriet (1960), Outlaws (1962), The Untouchables (1962). And in 1963 a small role in the movie starring Richard Chamberlain
Twilight of Honor (1963), directed by Boris Sagal. 

She shot to fame starring in the role of Audra Barkley's daughter Barbara Stanwyck in ABC TV Western series The Big Valley. Was unusual that two women staged a western. The series was also starring by Lee Majors, Peter Breck and Richard Long. 

Evans played Audra Barkley in 112 episodes between 1965 and 1969.

In the 70s Linda Evans is co starring in The Klansman (1974), with Lee Marvin - Richard Burton, and directed by Terence Young. And in the action movie starring by Joe Don Baker, Mitchell (1975), directed by Andrew V. McLaglen.

In 1980 she co-star and with Steve McQueen in the Western Tom Horn, directed by William Wiard

The best role of her career would come in 1981, playing Krystle Carrington wife of billionaire oil tycoon Blake Carrington, John Forsythe in the ABC TV series Dynasty (1981-89). 

The series was a success and one of the shows most ratings in American television and the world. 

Linda Evans in 1982 won a Golden Globe as best performance by an Actress in a TV-Series - Drama. 
Then again be nominated for a Golden Globe, on four occasions 1983, 1984, 1985 and 1986

Linda was also nominated for an Emmy in 1983.

The Dynasty years: Hollywood television and critical media studies by Jostein Gripsrud

New York Magazine Nov 22, 1982


PHP License

The PHP License is a free software license. It is an open source software license and is the license that the PHP programming language is released under.


Steven Hill

Steven Hill born Solomon Krakovsky February 24, 1922 – August 23, 2016 was an American actor.

Hill was a founder member of the Actor's Studio in 1947. He made his first movie, "A Lady Without Passport", in 1950. In 1952 he reenlisted into the US Navy for two years, and then began concentrating on his acting. In 1955 he co-starred with Kim Stanley and Lloyd Bridges, "The Goddess" directed by John Cromwell.

In 1961 a play had caused Hill to rexamine his religion, and he began to follow Orthodox Judaism. As a result he refused to work on Friday evenings or Saturdays, the Jewish Sabbath, and he had to give up his stage career.

In 1966. he played the role of Daniel Briggs in the CBS TV series "Mission Impossible". Briggs was the leader of I.M.F. Steven Hill left the series after one season and was replaced by Peter Graves. Hill had refused to work extra time or reshoot scenes on Sabbath. He also took time every day to pray three times. After leaving "Mission Impossible", Hill left acting for 10 years, and moved to a Jewish community in Rockland County, New York where he worked in writing and real estate. 
Among his works in the 1970s, he played a role in the Abby Mann miniseries "King" (1978) based on the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr..

The 1980's brought a lot of work to Hill. He performed in movies such as "Eyewitness" (1981), directed by Peter Yates, "Yentl" (1983), starring and directed by Barbra Streisand, "Garbo Talks" (1984) directed by Sidney Lumet, Raw Deal (1986) with Arnold Schwarzenegger, "Legal Eagles" (1986), with Robert Redford and "Heartburn" (1986) with Jack Nicholson.

His best known role is that of District Attorney Adam Schiff, in the NBC TV series "Law & Order". He played the character of the District Attorney for 230 episodes, between 1990 and 2000.

In 2011, he had a special participation in "".

For Law & Order, Hill was nominated for an Emmy in 1998 and 1999.

Hill died in Monsey, New York of cancer on August 23, 2016, at the age of 94.

Series de culto: el otro Hollywood, by Abdessamed Sahali

Peter Medawar

Sir Peter Brian Medawar OM CBE FRS (28 February 1915 – 2 October 1987) was a British biologist.

His work was important to skin grafts and organ transplants. 

Transplants of skin and organs from other people are usually rejected. This is an action by the immune system. Medawar showed that sometimes this reaction can be avoided, and why. 

He worked on graft rejection and the discovery of acquired immune tolerance. He was awarded the 1960 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, with Sir Frank Macfarlane Burnet. 

Until he was partially disabled by a stroke, Medawar was Director of the National Institute for Medical Research at Mill Hill, London.

Medawar was professor of zoology at the University of Birmingham (1947–51) and University College London (1951–62). In 1962 he was appointed director of the National Institute for Medical Research, and became professor of experimental medicine at the Royal Institution (1977–83), and president of the Royal Postgraduate Medical School (1981–87). Medawar was a scientist of great inventiveness who was interested in many other subjects including opera, philosophy and cricket. 

He was knighted in 1965, and appointed to the Order of Merit in 1981.

Medawar was awarded his Nobel Prize in 1960 for work in tissue grafting, which is the basis of organ transplants. He and his team discovered "acquired immunological tolerance".

At birth, babies are protected by antibodies from the mother. During embryonic life and immediately after birth, immune cells develop. They 'learn' to distinguish between their own tissues on the one hand, and unwanted cells and foreign material on the other.

Medawar's work resulted in a shift of emphasis in the science of immunology from one that attempts to deal with the fully developed immunity mechanism to one that attempts to alter the immunity mechanism itself. Various ways have been found to suppress the body's rejection of organ transplants.

His books include 


Werethekau

Werethekau is an Egyptian Goddess, credited with supernatural powers. The name "weret hekau" means "great of magic". Werethekau was the god of protection magic, and was often seen with Isis and Ra in the carvings.

Joe Don Baker

Joe Don Baker (born February 12, 1936) is an American actor.

He began his career as a guest on TV series "Honey West" (1965), "Judd for the Defense" (1967), and "Bonanza" (1968) among other. Her first major role was in the western movie, "Guns of the Magnificent Seven" (1969), starring with George Kennedy

Baker is known for starring in emblematic action movie in the '70s as "Walking Tall" (1973), which plays the incorruptible sheriff Buford Pusser of Tennessee, the movie was one of the most violent in the '70s and launched Baker star in action movies.
His second movie "Charley Varrick" (1973), was directed by Don Siegel. Here he plays a hired killer who should be responsible for eliminating Charley Varrick played by Walter Matthau
In the 1980 Baker appeared on television and movies as "The Natural" (1984), "Final Justice" (1985), "The Abduction of Kari Swenson", TV (1987), and the TV series "In the Heat of the Night" (1989) as Chief Tom Dugan.

In 1992 he starred as Claude Kersek in charge of guarding Sam Bowden; Nick Nolte, in "Cape Fear" (1991), with Robert De Niro and directed by Martin Scorsese.

He also worked in the James Bond movies "The Living Daylights" (1987), "GoldenEye" (1995) and "Tomorrow Never Dies" (1997). 

One of his last jobs was at "The Dukes of Hazzard" (2005), Baker as Governor Jim Applewhite. 

1967 episode Judd For the Defense. Character: Meryl Varney


 

Princess of Orange

Princess of Orange is the title ("name") used for the women who were married to the Ruling Princes of Orange in the time between 1171 to 1815. Since 1815, it was also used for the wives of the heirs to the Dutch throne, who were titled Prince of Orange. The only woman who became a "Princess of Orange" without being married to a "Prince of Orange" was Marie, Princess of Orange (1393-1417). Together with her husband John, Prince of Orange (1393-1418), they governed the land. 

Because the title "Prince of Orange" was only used for 'the eldest son of the King' (the "crown prince"), Dutch crown princesses did not get the title. There were no "oldest sons" for a few generations, and so the title was not used since 1877. Because Dutch law was changed in 1983 to include "oldest daughters of the King", Catharina-Amalia, the next Princess of Orange became the first Dutch Princess of Orange in her own right once her father, Prince Willem-Alexander, became King of the Netherlands.


Finke River

The Finke River is one of the largest rivers in central Australia. It starts in the MacDonnell Ranges in the Northern Territory. it is formed where Davenport and Ormiston Creeks join together, just north of Glen Helen. The Finke River flows about 600 km to the western edge of the Simpson Desert in northern South Australia. Usually the river is a collection of waterholes, but it can become a raging torrent during rare flood events. In a big flood water from the Finke River can flow into the Macumba River, and then into Lake Eyre, a total distance of about 750 km. Major tributaries include Ellery Creek, and the Palmer and Hugh Rivers. The Finke River flows through the West MacDonnell and Finke Gorge National Parks.

The Finke River was named by John McDouall Stuart in 1860 after William Finke, an Adelaide man, who was one of the people who paid part of the cost of his expeditions. The indigenous name for the river in parts of the Northern Territory is Larapinta. Larapinta Drive is a road which runs west from Alice Springs, and the Larapinta walking trail.

The Finke River has been called ""the oldest river in the world"", particularly by tour operators, and in popular books and brochures. In places such as the James Range, the Finke flows through deeply incised meanders (see Google Maps image). Because meanders only form on flat plains, the river must have formed before the ranges were pushed up. This happened in a mountain building event known as the Alice Springs Orogeny which happened between 400 and 300 million years ago, in the Devonian to Carboniferous Periods. Some parts of the river’s course must have been already in existence around this time. The southern parts of its course must be much younger because the areas where the Finke now flows near the southern edge of the Northern Territory, and further south, were under the sea during the Mesozoic Era, part of the Great Artesian Basin.

The age of the Finke River is not unique. There are other large mountain-sourced river systems in central Australia including the Todd and Hale Rivers where the mountains were formed at the same time. There are other mountain ranges of equal or greater age to the MacDonnell Ranges, both in Australia and on other continents. The rivers in those areas may have evolved from ancestral streams of the same age or older than the Finke.

Anna van Egmont

Anna van Egmont (Grave, March 1533 – Breda, 24 March 1558) was a member of an important and rich Dutch family. She was the first wife of William the Silent, Prince of Orange. 

She was the only child of Maximiliaan van Egmond and Françoise de Lannoy. She was also Countess of Lingen and of Leerdam, and Lady of IJsselstein, of Borssele, of Grave, of Cranendonck, of Jaarsveld, of Kortgene, of Sint Maartensdijk, and of Odijk. Because she was the only child, she also got the title of Countess of Buren and Lady of Egmond. 

In 1551 she married William the Silent in Buren. Because she was the Lady of Egmond and Countess of Buren, he became Lord of Egmond and Count of Buren. They had three children:


Anna died when she was only 25 years old. She is buried in Breda.

Central Mount Stuart

Central Mount Stuart is a mountain in the south of the Northern Territory, Australia. It can easily seen from the nearby Stuart Highway, which is about 6 km away. The mountain is made from dark red sandstone.

The mountain is named after the explorer John McDouall Stuart who reached the area on 22 April 1860. He worked out that a point about 4 km (2.5 miles) south-southwest of the mountain was the centre of Australia. Modern geographers do not agree with this and now place the centre at Finke.

Stuart climbed to the top on 23 April 1860, writing in his journal: 
""Took Kekwick and the flag, and went to the top of the mount, but found it to be much higher and more difficult of ascent than I anticipated...Near the top of the cone I placed a small bottle, in which there is a slip of paper, with our signatures to it, stating by whom it was raised. We then gave three hearty cheers for the flag, the emblem of civil and religious liberty, and may it be a sign to the natives that the dawn of liberty, civilization, and Christianity is about to break upon them.""

The slip of paper was found in 1871 by John Ross during the building of the Australian Overland Telegraph Line. It is now in the Library of South Australia.

Stuart called the mountain Central Mount Sturt, after his former expedition leader Charles Sturt. The name was changed on a suggestion from the Governor of South Australia, Sir Richard MacDonnell. This happened soon after Stuart's return to Adelaide at the end of the expedition. "Central Mount Stuart" is the name that was printed in the published expedition journal.


Louise de Coligny

Louise de Coligny (Châtillon-sur-Loing, 23 September 1555 – Fontainebleau, 13 November 1620) was the fourth wife of Prince William the Silent. She was the daughter of an important French Protestant leader, Gaspard de Coligny. 
She married Charles de Téligny when she was 16 years old in 1571. He was a Protestant diplomat who was also friendly with the French king Charles IX. Both her father and her husband were killed during the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre in 1572. 

In 1583 she (27) married William the Silent in Antwerp. She became the Princess of Orange. Their son Frederik Hendrik was born on 29 January 1584. On the 10th of July that year, William was shot by catholic Balthasar Gerards and died. 
She stayed in the Netherlands with her 6 stepdaughters. In 1619, she asked her stepson Maurits to stop the execution of high-placed Johan van Oldenbarnevelt, but he did not listen. She then left Holland and went to France where she (65) died in 1620. On 24 May 1621, she was buried in the crypt of the House of Orange-Nassau in the New Church in Delft.

African National Congress

The African National Congress (ANC), supported by the Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) and the South African Communist Party (SACP), has been South Africa's governing centre-left political party since the establishment of non-racial democracy in April 1994. It defines itself as a "disciplined force of the left". Members founded the organization as the South African Native National Congress (SANNC) on 8 January 1912 in Bloemfontein to increase the rights of the black South African population. John Dube, its first president, and poet and author Sol Plaatje are among its founding members. The organization became the ANC in 1923 and formed a military wing, the Umkhonto we Sizwe (Spear of the Nation) in 1961.

It has been the ruling party of post-apartheid South Africa on the national level since 1994. It gained support in the 1999 elections, and further increased its majority in 2004, with 69.7% of the votes. In 2009 its share of the vote reduced slightly, but it remained the dominant party with 65.9% of the votes.

The ANC was founded in direct response to what was seen as injustices against black South Africans at the hands of their white, mostly Afrikaner government. The ANC had its origins in a pronouncement by Pixley ka Isaka Seme who said in 1911 "Forget all the past differences among Africans and unite in one national organisation." The ANC was set up the next year on 8 January 1912. 

The government of the newly formed Union of South Africa began a systematic oppression of black people in South Africa. The Natives' Land Act was issued in 1913. The effect of these laws was to force many non-whites from their farms into the cities and towns to work, and to restrict their movement within South Africa. By 1919, the ANC led a campaign against passes, and in 1929 the ANC supported a militant mineworkers' strike.

The ANC became dormant in the mid-1920s. During that time, black people were also represented by the Industrial and Commercial Workers’ Union and the once white-only Communist party. By 1927, J.T. Gumende (president of the ANC) proposed cooperation with the Communists in a bid to revitalise the organisation, but he was voted out of power in the 1930s. This led to the ANC becoming largely ineffectual and inactive, until the mid-1940s when the ANC was remodelled as a mass movement.

The ANC responded militarily to attacks on the rights of black South Africans, as well as calling for strikes, boycotts, and defiance. This led to a later Defiance Campaign in the 1950s, a mass movement of resistance to South Africa under apartheid. The government tried to stop the ANC by banning party leaders and enacting new laws to stop the ANC, however these measures failed.

In 1955, the Congress of the People officially adopted the Freedom Charter, stating the core principles of the South African Congress Alliance, which consisted of the African National Congress and its allies the South African Indian Congress, the South African Congress of Democrats and the Coloured People's Congress. The government claimed that this was a communist document, and consequently leaders of the ANC and Congress were arrested. 1960 saw the Sharpeville Massacre, in which 69 people were killed when police opened fire on anti-apartheid protesters.

Whites eventually joined the fight against apartheid, leading many black supremacists to break away from the ANC.

Umkhonto we Sizwe (or MK), translated "Spear of the Nation", was the military wing of the ANC. Partly in response to the Sharpeville Massacre of 1960, individual members of the ANC thought violence was needed because peaceful passive protest had failed. There was a significant portion of the ANC who therefore turned to violence in order to achieve their goals. A significant portion of ANC leadership agreed that this violence was needed to combat increasing backlash from the government. 

Some ANC members were upset by the actions of the MK, and refused to accept violence as necessary for the ending of Apartheid, but these individuals became a minority as the militant leaders such as Albert Lutuli and Nelson Mandela gained significant popularity. Many consider their actions to be criminal, but the MK said violence was justified by the goal of ending apartheid. Some members of MK committed terrorist acts to achieve their aims, and MK was responsible for the deaths of both civilians and members of the military. 
In cooperation with the South African Communist Party, MK was founded in 1961.

The ANC calls itself a force of national liberation in the post-apartheid era; it officially defines its umbrella agenda as the "National Democratic Revolution". The ANC is a member of the Socialist International. It also sets forth the redressing of socio-economic differences stemming from colonial- and apartheid-era policies as a central focus of ANC policy.

The National Democratic Revolution (NDR) is how the National Democratic Society (NDS) can be achieved; a society in which people are intellectually, socially, economically and politically empowered.

The ANC holds a historic alliance with the South African Communist Party (SACP) and Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU), known as the "Tripartite Alliance". The SACP and COSATU have not contested any election in South Africa, but field candidates through the ANC, hold senior positions in the ANC, and influence party policy and dialogue. During Mbeki's presidency, the government took a more pro-capitalist stance, often running counter to the demands of the SACP and COSATU.

Following Zuma's accession to the ANC leadership in 2007 and Mbeki's resignation as president in 2008, the Mbeki faction of former ministers led by Mosiuoa Lekota split away from the ANC to form the Congress of the People.

The ANC flag is composed of three stripes – black, green and gold. Black symbolizes the native people of South Africa, green represents the land and gold represents the mineral and other natural wealth of South Africa. This flag was also the battle flag of the Umkhonto we Sizwe. The official party flag also has the emblem of the party incorporated onto the flag.

Politicians in the party win a place in parliament by being on the "Party List", which is drawn up before the elections and enumerates, in order, the party's preferred MPs. The number of seats allocated is proportional to the popular national vote, and this determines the cut-off point.

The ANC has also gained members through the controversial floor crossing process.

Although most South African parties announced their candidate list for provincial premierships in the 2009 election, the ANC did not. It is not required for parties to do so.

The ANC was the main opposition to the government during apartheid and played a major role in resolving the conflict through the peacemaking and peace-building processes. Initially members of the National Party met in secret with ANC leaders, including Nelson Mandela, to see if peace was possible. Discussions and negotiations took place leading to the eventual unbanning of the ANC and other opposing political parties by then President de Klerk on 2 February 1990. These initial meetings were the first crucial steps towards resolution.

The next official step towards rebuilding South Africa was the Groote Schuur Minute where the government and the ANC agreed on a common commitment towards the end of violence and intimidation, as well as a commitment to stability and to a peaceful process of negotiations. The ANC negotiated the release of political prisoners and the immunity from prosecution for returning exiles and moreover channels of communication were established between the Government and the ANC.

Later the Pretoria Minute was another step towards resolution where agreements at Groote Schuur were reconsolidated and steps towards setting up an interim government and drafting a new constitution were established as well as suspension of the military wing of the ANC – the Umkhonto we Sizwe. This step helped end much of the violence within South Africa. Another agreement that came out of the Pretoria Minute was that both parties would try and raise awareness that a new way of governing was being created for South Africa, and that further violence would only hinder this process. However violence still continued in Kwazulu-Natal, which violated the trust between Mandela and de Klerk. Moreover, internal disputes in the ANC prolonged the war as consensus on peace was not reached.

The next significant steps towards resolution were:

These measures ensured no one could claim, or be deprived of any rights on the basis of race.

In December 1991 the Convention for a Democratic South Africa (CODESA) was held with the aim of establishing an interim government. But in June 1992 there was the Boipatong massacre. Negotiations stopped as the ANC pulled out. Only Cyril Ramaphosa of the ANC, and Roelf Meyer of the National Party carried on talking. In over 40 meetings the two men discussed and negotiated over many issues including the nature of the future political system, the fate of over 40,000 government employees and if/how the country would be divided. The result of these negotiations was a temporary constitution that meant the transition from apartheid to democracy was a constitutional continuation and that the rule of law and state sovereignty remained intact during the change, which was vital for stability within the country. A date was set for the first democratic elections on 27 April 1994. The ANC won 62.5% of the votes and has been in power ever since.

The most prominent corruption case involving the ANC relates to a series of bribes paid to companies involved in the ongoing R55 billion Arms Deal saga, which resulted in a long term jail sentence to former Deputy President Jacob Zuma's legal adviser Schabir Shaik. Zuma, now the State president, currently faces 7 813 charges relating to alleged fraud, bribery and corruption in the Arms Deal. The ANC has also been criticised for its subsequent abolishment of the Scorpions, the multidisciplinary agency that investigated and prosecuted organised crime and corruption, and was heavily involved in the investigation into Zuma and Shaik.

Other recent corruption issues include the sexual misconduct and criminal charges of Beaufort West municipal manager Truman Prince, and the Oilgate scandal, in which millions of Rand in funds from a state-owned company were allegedly funneled into ANC coffers. Links between factions in the ANC, specifically the ANC Youth League leadership, and businessman Brett Kebble gained media attention following Kebble's murder in September 2005.

In December 2007 the ANC elected their new National Executive Committee (NEC), the highest structure in the party. Out of the 80 member committee, 9% are (post-apartheid) convicted criminals. Most of these members have been convicted of fraud, while one member, Winnie Madikizela-Mandela, was convicted of the kidnapping of a 14-year-old boy, James Seipei (1974–1988), also known as Stompie Moeketsi (who was also murdered). According to an article in the "Mail & Guardian", "by adding those who have been disciplined or moved, and those with dark clouds of unanswered questions hanging over their heads, the figure shifts to 29%."

The ANC has also been accused of using government and civil society to fight its political battles against opposition parties such as the Democratic Alliance. The result has been a number of complaints and allegations that none of the political parties truly represent the interests of the poor. This has resulted in the "No Land! No House! No Vote!" Campaign which becomes very prominent each time the country holds elections.

The ANC has reportedly wasted over R1 billion of taxpayers' money over the past eight months on luxury vehicles, expensive hotels, banquets, advertising and other "wasteful expenditure"

The main thrust behind this reporting is the official opposition in the country, the Democratic Alliance (DA). They have kept a tally of the expenditure called 'The Wasteful Expenditure Monitor'

According to the DA, this waste could have:



Environment of Florida

The state of Florida in the U.S.A. has a mild subtropical climate. Because of that, millions of people have settled in the once rural state over the last hundred years. Florida's population increases by about 1,000 residents each day. Land development and water use have changed the state, mostly by draining the wetlands that once covered most of the peninsula.

Much of Florida is made of karst limestone with water-filled caves and sinkholes, which provide homes to many species of aquatic life, some of which only live in Florida. As more and more people move to Florida, they use up the water in the underground caves. When a cave has no more water, it will sometimes collapse, forming a sinkhole, which can hurt animals, people, and buildings.

For a long time, the state has been trying to restore the Everglades. In 2000, Congress passed the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan, a $7.8 billion, 30-year project aimed at preserving and restoring the region and its unique combination of environments.

Florida ranks forty-fifth in total energy use, despite the heavy reliance on air conditioners and pool pumps. This includes coal, natural gas, petroleum, and retail electricity sales. About 4 percent of energy in the state is generated through renewable resources. Florida produces 6.0% of the nation's total energy, while total production of pollutants is lower, with figures of 5.6 percent for nitrogen oxide, 5.1 percent for carbon dioxide, and 3.5 percent for sulfur dioxide.

There are two oil-producing areas in Florida. One is in South Florida, with 14 fields, and the other is in the western panhandle, with seven fields. The South Florida fields are located in Lee, Hendry, and Collier county. Florida’s first oil field, the Sunniland field, in Collier County, was discovered in 1943. It has since produced over 18 million barrels of oil. After that, 13 more field discoveries were found. Although these fields are small, production is large. Together, the three Felda fields (West Felda, Mid-Felda, and Sunoco Felda) in Hendry County have produced over 54 million barrels of oil.

Production in the western panhandle began with the discovery of the Jay field in June 1970. Jay is the largest oil field discovered in North America since the discovery of the giant Prudhoe Bay Oil Field on the Alaskan North Slope in 1968. Since then, six more oil fields have been discovered in the western panhandle of Florida. North Florida has dominated Florida oil production since the discovery of the Jay field. North Florida oil fields account for 83 percent of the state’s production, with the Jay field alone producing 71 percent.

It is believed that significant energy resources are located off of Florida's western coast in the Gulf of Mexico, but that region has been closed to exploration since 1981.

In July 2007, Florida Governor Charlie Crist announced plans to sign executive orders that would impose strict new air-pollution standards in the state, with aims to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions by 80 percent of 1990 levels by 2050. Crist's orders would set new emissions targets for power companies, automobiles and trucks, and toughen conservation goals for state agencies and require state-owned vehicles to use alternative fuels.

Florida gets much of its drinking water from the Floridan Aquifer and the Biscayne Aquifer, as well as from surface water from Lake Okeechobee and other lakes, but population increases have begun to strain available sources. The state has built 120 desalination plants, more than three times as many as any other state, including the largest plant in the United States. Additionally, an electrodialysis reversal plant in Sarasota is the largest of its type in the world, and a nanofiltration plant in Boca Raton is the largest of its type in the western hemisphere.

Increasing landfill space is also an issue. St. Lucie County is planning to experiment with burning trash through plasma arc gasification to generate energy and reduce landfill space. The experiment will be the largest of its kind in the world to date, and begin operation no later than 2009. If successful, experts estimate that the entire St. Lucie County landfill, estimated to contain 4.3 million tons of trash, will disappear within 18 years. Materials created in the energy production can also be used in road construction.

Areas under control of the National Park Service include:
Areas under the control of the USDA United States Forest Service include:

The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's National Ocean Service is responsible for one sanctuary:

Florida is a biodiverse state, with 3,500 native vascular plants and 1,500 vertebrates, a higher number than all but three other states. A 2003 United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization study stated that the Florida Straits had the highest biodiversity in the Atlantic Ocean, and were the home to 25 endemic species.

Red tide has also been an issue on the southwest coast of Florida. While there has been a great deal of guessing over the cause of the toxic algae bloom, there is no evidence that it is being caused by pollution or that there has been an increase in the length or frequency of red tide outbreaks.

Native flora is threatened by various invasive plants, including the Brazilian Pepper ("Schinus terebinthifolius"). Owning and growing this tree is illegal. Large numbers of volunteers cut down these invaders, particularly along waterways. The Australian pine ("Casuarina" spp.) is being actively attacked.

Other foreign pests include the Asian ambrosia beetle ("Xyleborus glabratus"), which threatens the local avocado industry and redbay trees ("Persea borbonia").

It is illegal to import Giant African land snails (achatina fulica). These threaten buildings, 500 types of local plants, and carry meningitis.

Endemic species in Florida include the Florida Scrub Jay ("Aphelocoma coerulescens"), Miami blue ("Cyclargus thomasi bethunebakeri"), Okaloosa darter ("Etheostoma okaloosae"), and Key Deer ("Odocoileus virginianus clavium").

Florida is a popular destination for birdwatching, because of the many species that can be found in the state at various times of the year. The Florida Ornithological Society maintains the official state list of the birds of Florida, which currently contains 498 species. A study published in 2003 by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission documented 196 species of birds which were confirmed to breed in the state, with an additional 19 species listed as possible or probable breeders. The Great Florida Birding Trail, a 2,000-mile-long (3,200 km) trail, is composed of 489 locations throughout the state which are excellent observation sites.
Sport fishing is also popular in Florida; over 250 different species of fishes (including 73 non-native species) can be found in Florida. There are more than 1,000 species of fish in Florida's inshore waters.

In 2010, NOAA, citing the Magnuson-Stevens Act, banned fishing of red snapper until the population has time to recover.

Florida's Atlantic coast is home to the only extensive coral reefs in the continental United States, and the third largest in the world. The entire reef system in the Florida Keys is part of the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary, and large parts of reef are protected as part of Biscayne National Park.

In 1977, the federal government placed alligators on the endangered species list. They were removed from the endangered list in 1987 and Florida allowed selective hunting in 1988.

In 1987, Brevard County, Florida hosted the last member of the Dusky Seaside Sparrow, now extinct. There have been only two extinct bird species since listing of endangered species began in 1973. This event has presented a challenge to ensure that other environmental concerns are addressed quickly.

The Florida Scrub Jay has been thought to be threatened for many years, because the species is territorial and cannot move to better grounds when its habitat is in danger.

Nesting beaches of loggerhead sea turtles are protected.


Tarafa Baghajati

Tarafa Baghajati (, (born September 1st 1961) in Damascus, Syria) is a human right activist and writer, he is also the chairman of the Austrian Muslim Initiative (AMI).
He lives in Vienna, Austria since 1986.

Tarafa Baghajati was born in Damascus, to parents Adnan Baghajati,an author and former Syrian Education minister, and Amal Homsi, an economic journalist.

In 1984 the Syrian regime detained Baghajati for more than 8 months, he spent three of them in Tadmor Prison due to his political views.

Since he moved to Austria in 1986, Baghajati is active on the topics of immigration, anti-racism, human right and political issues which also involve the Middle East especially his home country Syria, he is also very active on the topics of Islam and "Muslim in Austria and Europe", and opposition what is known as Islamophobia, and the practice of female genital mutilation (FGM), in Africa and Europe.

In 1999, he found the initiative of Muslim Austrians ( IMOE ) with his wife Carla Amina Baghajati , Omar Al-Rawi, Mouddar Khouja and Andrea Saleh, who are members of the Islamic Religion Community in Austria .

Baghajati is a former board member . (2001 - 2007, 2004-2007 Vice- President ) and member of the Honorary Advisory Board of European Network Against Racism (ENAR)
He is also a board member of the Platform for Intercultural Europe (PIE).

In March 2009, Rüdiger Nehberg and Tarafa Baghajati met Sheikh Prof.Dr Yusuf al-Qaradawi in Qatar, one of the most best known Islamic contemporary authority scholar. They obtained a fatwa issued by the recognized legal scholars, stating the genital mutilation of girls is referred to and forbidden as "devil's work" because it is directed against the ethics of Islam. Speaking at the Hamburg Museum of Ethnology, 6 February 2011 Baghajati ventured to predict to celebrate the end of this practice as early as 2020.

in February 2011,Rüdiger Nehberg and Tarafa Baghajati met this time Sheikh Prof.Dr Mohamed Said Ramadan Al-Bouti and obtained a similar fatwa against female genital mutilation.

Baghajati is one of the finders and a board member of European Muslim Initiative for Social Cohesion (EMISCO).

Baghajati graduated as civil engineer from Polytechnic University of Timișoara in 1986

Initiative of Muslim Austrians (IMOE) won democracy award by in 2008.

He is married to since 1990,has four children.

Micronation

Micronations are countries started by one or a group of people which are not seen as actual countries by the United Nations. Some of these countries are mostly on the internet or exist in a physical location but are not serious states with legitimate reason to exist. Some are taken seriously and even exist for legitimate reasons but are not recognized as independent countries for various political and diplomatic reasons. It is important to note that micronations are different from partially-recognised countries and separatist territories, which often have full autonomy over their territories. 

People make micronations for lots of reasons. Some are to show they do not like their main country (for example the United Kingdom), or if they want to make money, or to use it as a place for themselves. Some want a different kind of government than their country currently has, such as a micronationalist declaring independence from USA to build a tiny communist or socialist state. Micronations create their own rules, but because they are not recognised as actual countries, they have to keep within the laws of their home country.

Some of the more famous micronations include the Republic of Molossia, the Islamic Sultanate of Qarsherskiy, Sealand, the Aerican Empire, and Eternia. And some new one like suslandia.

Here is a list of some Micronations;

Some micronations play in competitions.
The biggest football organisation for micronations is known as the MFA "(Micronational Football Association)", founded by Joe Foxon in 2009. It has 13 micronations from 7 countries as members. It makes a competition every 4 years called the MFA World Cup for all the micronations in the world to play in. The first World Cup will be in Southern England in 2013.
Every year there is a chess competition for micronations to play in. It is played on the computer and in the first year, 3 micronations took part.

Every year there is a singing competition called the MicroVision Song Contest. Micronations make a song and put it on the internet, and then other micronations vote for the best song. The winner then makes the next one.


Ilene Woods

Jacqueline Ruth "Ilene" Woods (May 5, 1929 – July 1, 2010) was an American singer and actress who voiced Cinderella in the 1950 Disney movie.

Woods was born on May 5, 1929 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. As a child Woods was led into singing by her mother. By the age of 11, Woods had her own radio show. 

In 1948, at the age of 18, Woods recorded several songs for friends Mack David and Jerry Livingston. The songs ("Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo", "So This is Love", and "A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes") were then played for Walt Disney. He chose Woods out of 300 other girls to play the part of Cinderella for the Disney movie "Cinderella". Recording the part took about 2 years, working off and on.

Woods was first married to Stephen Steck Jr. They had one child, a daughter named Stephanie. After a divorce, in 1963 she married Ed Shaughnessy. They had two sons, James and Daniel. In 2003 she was recognized as a Disney Legend for her work in "Cinderella".

Woods died on July 1, 2010 from causes related to Alzheimer's disease in Canoga Park, Los Angeles, California. She was 81. 

Zygophyllaceae

The Zygophyllaceae is a family of flowering plants that contains the bean-caper and caltrop. It includes around 285 species in 22 genera.

In the APG III system of classification, the families Zygophyllaceae and Krameriaceae compose the order Zygophyllales.

Hendrik Lorentz

Hendrik Antoon Lorentz (18 July 1853 – 4 February 1928) was a Dutch physicist. In 1902, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics together with Pieter Zeeman for the discovery and theoretical explanation of the Zeeman effect. He also derived the transformation equations that were later used by Albert Einstein to describe space and time.

Hendrik Lorentz was born in Arnhem, Gelderland (The Netherlands), the son of Gerrit Frederik Lorentz (1822–1893). In 1862, after his mother's death, his father married Luberta Hupkes. 

In 1905, Einstein would use many of the concepts to write his paper entitled "On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies", known today as the theory of special relativity. Because Lorentz laid the fundamentals for the work by Einstein, this theory was originally called the "Lorentz-Einstein theory".

Lorentz was one of few scientists who supported Einstein's search for general relativity from the beginning – he wrote several research papers and discussed with Einstein personally and by letter. For instance, he attempted to combine Einstein's formalism with Hamilton's principle (1915).

In January 1928, Lorentz became seriously ill, and died shortly after on February 4.



Galileo (spacecraft)

Galileo was an unmanned NASA spacecraft. It explored the planet Jupiter and its moons. Galileo was launched in 1989 and it arrived at Jupiter in 1995.

Galileo was made up of two parts: an orbiter and a probe. The probe was released from the orbiter on July 13, 1995 and it went towards Jupiter. It reached Jupiter on December 7, 1995 and went down into the atmosphere. The probe gathered data for 57 minutes until the great atmospheric heat and pressure destroyed it.

The orbiter went into orbit around the planet on December 8, 1995 and went down into Jupiter's atmosphere and was crushed on September 21, 2003.

Henderson's Boys

Henderson's Boys is a series of young adult spy books. It was written by English author Robert Muchamore. The series follows Charles Henderson, the creator of a fictional espionage organisation CHERUB and is set in the 1940s, during World War II. Henderson goes on various adventures, helped by children. Henderson's Boys is a spin-off of the popular "CHERUB" series, which is about the same organisation in modern times. There are seven books in the series. These are "The Escape", "Eagle Day", "Secret Army", "Grey Wolves", "The Prisoner", "One Shot Kill" and "Scorched Earth".

MOX fuel

Mixed-oxide fuel (or MOX fuel) is nuclear fuel that contains an oxide of more than one element. Most nuclear fuel that is not of the MOX type only contains uranium dioxide. In most cases, the additional oxide will be plutonium dioxide, sometimes thorium dioxide. Any reactor that uses uranium-based fuel will produce plutonium dioxide. Mox fuel consists of about 93% uranium, and about 7% of thorium or plutonium dioxide.

One of the benefits of using MOX-type fuel is that the plutonium dioxide that is produced, can be re-used for energy generation. Certain types of nuclear power plants need plutonium to work properly.

The Bush (Alaska)

The Bush is a term for the portions of Alaska that are not connected to North America's road network. Most of Alaska's native populations live in the Bush. They live off the land as their ancestors did.

Places in the Bush include Bethel, Dillingham, King Salmon, Nome, Barrow, Katmai National Park, Kodiak Island, Kotzebue, and Unalaska-Dutch Harbor.

Most parts of Alaska that are off the road system can only be reached by small airplane. Travel from place to place is usually by snowmobile or snow machine, boat, or sometimes dog sled.

Arctic Alaska

Arctic Alaska, or Far North Alaska is a region of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is the northern area between the Arctic Circle and the Arctic Ocean.

Some of the places in Arctic Alaska are the "North Slope Borough, the Northwest Arctic Borough, and the Nome Census Area". Some towns there are Prudhoe Bay, Barrow, Kotzebue, and Nome.

Most of these places have no highways and can only be reached by aircraft or snowmobile, or by boat if they are on the coast or near a river when they are not frozen. Long ago there were only Inuits living here, who make up the majority of the population. They mostly ate salmon, which there are lots of there, and also whales and other marine mammals. More people came to Arctic Alaska when gold was discovered there. Still more people and industry came when petroleum was discovered in the area. Above the Arctic Circle, the sun rises in May and sets in August.

Arctic Alaska is mostly tundra covering mountain ranges and coastal plains. Some of the animals there are bears, wolves, sheep, reindeer, and lots of birds.


Principality of Hutt River

The Principality of Hutt River, previously known as the Hutt River Province, is the oldest micronation in Australia. The principality claims to be an independent sovereign state. It is unrecognized except by other micronations, but got de facto legal status on 21 April 1972.

The principality is located north of Perth, near the town of Northampton.

The principality was founded on 21 April 1970 by Leonard George Casley when he and his friends proclaimed their secession from the state of Western Australia.

The Principality of Hutt River was created in 1969, as a province by the name of Hutt River Province, in response to a dispute with the government of Western Australia over what the Casley family considered draconian wheat production quotas. The Casley farm had around of wheat ready to harvest when the quotas were issued which allowed Casley to sell only 1,647 bushels or approximately . Initially the five families who owned farms in Hutt River banded together to fight the quota and Casley lodged a protest with the Governor of Western Australia Sir Douglas Kendrew. The Governor replied "no rectification of our Quota would be allowed" which, as he acts as the Queen's representative, made Her Majesty technically liable, in Tort, for applying an unlawful imposition as the quota had not yet been passed into law. Casley then lodged a claim under the Law of Tort for $52 million in the belief the claim would force a revision of the quota. Two weeks later the government introduced a bill into Parliament to "resume" their rural lands under compulsory acquisition. After approaches to the government to reconsider the acquisition bill failed, Casley and his associates resorted to a British law (the Treason Act 1495) which they felt allowed them to secede and declare their independence from the Commonwealth of Australia. Casley states that he nonetheless remains loyal to Queen Elizabeth II. Casley was elected administrator of the new "sovereign state" by his family.

The government of Western Australia determined it could do nothing without the intervention of the Commonwealth. The Governor-General of Australia, Sir Paul Hasluck, later stated that it was unconstitutional for the Commonwealth to intervene in the secession. In letters with the governor-general's office, Casley was called the "Administrator of the Hutt River Province" by mistake. The Royal Prerogative, makes this recognition binding on all courts. After the government threatened him with prosecution, Casley styled himself "His Royal Highness Prince Leonard I of Hutt" to take advantage of a Commonwealth law that a monarch could not only "not" be charged, but that anyone who interfered with his duties could be charged with treason. Although the law in this matter has since changed, the Australian government has not taken any action against Hutt River since the declaration. Under Australian law, the government had two years to respond to Casley's declaration; the failure to respond gave the province "de facto" legal status on 21 April 1972.

In 1976, Australia Post refused to handle Hutt River mail, forcing mail to be redirected via Canada. Following repeated demands by the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) for the payment of taxes, on 2 December 1977 the province officially declared war on Australia. Prince Leonard notified authorities of the cessation of hostilities several days later. The mail service was restored and tax requests ceased. Hutt River citizens are now classed by the ATO as non-residents of Australia for income tax purposes; thus income earned within the province is exempt from Australian taxation. The province levies its own income tax of 0.5% on financial transactions by foreign companies registered in the province and personal accounts.

While the principality does not pay taxes, the Australian government's current official position is that it is nothing more than a private enterprise operating under a business name.

In the early 1980s Hutt River Province declared itself to be a kingdom, but soon after reverted to its original status of a principality. The principality proceeded to release a number of its own stamps and coins.

In September 2006 Prince Leonard decided to change the name to "Principality of Hutt River" and dropped the word "Province".

The Principality of Hutt River is situated north of Perth along the Hutt River. It is about in size.

Exports include wildflowers, agricultural produce, stamps and coins. Tourism is also important to its economy with 40,000 tourists visiting the principality every year.

Very few people live in Hutt River, but the principality claims a world-wide citizenry of 13,000.

The Principality has no standing army, but a number of its citizens have been awarded military commissions. Honorary guardsmen attend the prince on formal occasions, and despite being completely landlocked, naval commissions have been conferred on supporters of the principality.

The principality's capital, Nain, is named after Nain in Galilee.

When the Principality of Hutt River seceded, a bill of rights, a brief document outlining the rights of "Hutt River" citizens, was drafted. It also provided for an administration board to govern the principality until a permanent government could be set up. When Casley declared himself a prince, the administration board was abolished and the Hutt River Principality became a benevolent absolute monarchy, with a legislation committee to draft new legislation. In 1997, the legislation committee presented a proposal for a constitution to the prince and his cabinet. Its most recent version is effective from 1 January 2011. All citizens over 18 living in the principality have the right to elect the parliament.

"His Royal Highness Prince Leonard I of Hutt" was the style that has been used by Leonard George Casley since his creation of the Hutt River Principality. Prince Leonard was married to "Her Royal Highness Princess Shirley of Hutt, Dame of the Rose of Sharon" (née Shirley Butler). They have seven adult children, among them is "Crown Prince Ian" (born 1947) who is the Prime Minister of the Principality, and is Prince Leonard's heir apparent.

Prince Leonard died of a lung infection on 13 February 2019 at the age of 93.

Prince Ian is involved heavily in the wildflower production, with the product not only being exported to Perth, Western Australia but to many cities internationally.

Princess Shirley plays host to the many dignitaries and diplomatic representatives visiting the principality each year as well as receiving many of the television crews and magazine journalists. She is also royal patron and chairwoman on the board of directors of the Red Cross of Hutt.

In the royal family there are 24 grandchildren and 23 great-grand children in the direct line.

Prince Leonard pursued a number of occupations before purchasing a large wheat farm near Northampton, Western Australia and Geraldton, Western Australia in the 1960s.
A former mathematician and physicist who worked for NASA in the 1950s, the prince has had a star named in his honour.

Despite his advancing years the prince Leonard is known as a keen-minded "bush lawyer". He is also an adherent of hermeticism, a subject on which he has privately published a number of research papers and books.

Prince Leonard is the subject of a permanent exhibit at the National Museum of Australia in Canberra.

A set of low denomination banknotes was introduced in 1974. The first Hutt River coins were not issued until 1976.

The currency of the Hutt River Province Principality is the Hutt River Dollar, which is divided into 100 cents. The Hutt River Dollar is tied at a one-to-one ratio with the Australian dollar.

There were four denominations: 5₵, 10₵, 20₵ and 50₵. These were issued between 1976 and 1978, but the 1978 issue was a proof only issue. There was also a silver $30 coin and a gold $100 coin, struck only in proof.

In 1977 $1 coins were struck to commemorate the Silver Jubilee of Elizabeth II. These coins are known as "holey dollars", a nickname which is applied to the extremely rare New South Wales 5/- coin and the Prince Edward Island 5/- coin, which were cut and counterstamped from Spanish-American Pieces of Eight (8 Reales).

Coins of the same design were struck again in 1978, without the inscription "Queens's Jubilee".

Most of the coins of later series have specific commemorative topics and are usually made of precious metal. The issuance of coins went on until 2000, and resumed with new issues beginning in 2007 to celebrate the 60th wedding anniversary of the Prince and Princess.

The Australian Ambassador to the United Arab Emirates, Jeremy Bruer, upon hearing that an office claiming to represent the “Hutt River Province” was operating in Dubai and allegedly selling travel documents, stated that the Australian Government did not recognise the "Hutt River Province", legally or in any other way.

He further stated that: "The area of land which is described as the 'Hutt River Province' is a privately owned wheat-growing property on the Hutt River, north of Geraldton in the State of Western Australia. It has no special status. It has no separate sovereignty and remains subject to the Australian Constitution and the laws of Australia."

Regarding the use of titles, the ambassador said that: "The Australian Government does not recognise the 'royal titles' nor titles of office, such as 'Head of State', 'State minister' and 'Minister for Foreign Affairs' assumed by the family owning the property nor the use of terms such as 'consulates' and 'principality' in relation to the 'Hutt River Province'."

However, the Hutt River Province argues that it is an independent entity within the Australian legal system and the Commonwealth has no right to dispute the claimed de facto legality it was given in error by the Governor General's office, and its own failure to respond to the claim. To overturn this de facto recognition, the West Australian Governor General's office would have to submit the secession to arbitration, something which the Hutt River Province claims is not done due to legal uncertainty related to the fact that Western Australia in its entirety was never officially proclaimed as British Territory.

Although passports issued by the "Hutt River Province" are not legally recognised by the Australian Government, they have been accepted on a case-by-case basis for overseas travel.

In 2010 Brendon Grylls, the Western Australian Minister for Regional Development and Lands, was asked if his state had a position on the province. He replied "Only that Prince Leonard is an enigma...There is nothing currently on my agenda as Minister...that relates to that."

On the whole, Australian Government departments do not interfere with Hutt River Province. While the Australian Taxation Office has issued a warning on its website for the public not to purchase companies from the PHR, it has not acted against the principality.
The principality had plans to start a university in its territory, which is illegal within Australia. However, the government authorities did not act against PHR. Similarly, the PHR does not pay taxes to the ATO.

In 2008, the Council of the European Union issued a memorandum identifying Hutt River passports among known "fantasy passports...issued by private organisations and individuals" to which a visa should not be affixed.


PHR

Australian Government

Other

Bitcoin

Bitcoin (₿) is a digital and global money system cryptocurrency. It allows people to send or receive cryptocurrency units across the internet, even to someone they don't know or don't trust. It is the first of its kind technology that allows the transfer of digital scarcity across the internet without needing a third party. Cryptocurrency units can be exchanged without being linked to a real identity. The mathematical field of cryptography is the basis for Bitcoin's security.

Bitcoin was invented by someone using the name . A Bitcoin address, or simply address, is an identifier of 26-35 letters and numbers, beginning with the number 1, 3, or bc1, that represents a possible destination for a bitcoin payment. Addresses can be generated at no cost by any user of Bitcoin. For example, using Bitcoin Core, one can click "New Address" and be assigned an address. It is also possible to get a Bitcoin address using an account at an exchange or online wallet service.

The domain name "bitcoin.org" was registered on 18 August 2008. On 31 October 2008, a link to a paper authored by Satoshi Nakamoto titled "Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System" was posted to a cryptography mailing list.

In June 2021, El Salvador became the first country in the world to make Bitcoin a legal tender. In April 2022, the Central African Republic made bitcoin a legal tender.

One of the differences between using bitcoin and using regular money online is that bitcoin can be used without having an internet connection to link any sort of real-world identity to it. Unless someone chooses to link their name to a bitcoin address, it is hard to tell who owns the address. Bitcoin does not keep track of users; it keeps track of addresses where the money is. Each address has two important pieces of cryptographic information, or keys: a public one and a private one. 

The public key, which is what the "bitcoin address" is created from, is similar to an email address; anyone can look it up and send bitcoins to it. The private address, or private key, is similar to an email password; only with it can the owner send bitcoins from it. Because of this, it is very important that this private key is kept secret. To send bitcoins from an address, you prove to the network that you own the private key that belongs to the address, without revealing the private key. This is done with a branch of mathematics known as public-key cryptography.

A public key is what determines the ownership of bitcoins, and is very similar to an ID number. If someone wanted to send you bitcoins, all you would need to do is supply them your bitcoin address, which is a version of your public key that is easier to read and type. For example, if Bob has 1 bitcoin at the bitcoin address "ABC123," and Alice has no bitcoins at the bitcoin address "DEF456," Bob can send 0.5 bitcoins to "DEF456." As soon as the transaction is processed, Alice and Bob both have 0.5 bitcoins. Anyone using the system can see how much money "ABC123" has and how much money "DEF456" has, but they cannot tell anything about who owns the address.

A Bitcoin private key has 52 characters consisting of letters and numbers. It is, simply, a random number. The set of numbers that can make up a private key is extremely large. The Bitcoin private key can be any number from a maximum of 2 to the power of 256.

In the example above, "ABC123" and "DEF456" are the bitcoin addresses of Bob and Alice. But Bob and Alice each have a second key which only they individually know. This is the private key, and it is the "other half" of a Bitcoin address. The private key is never shared, and allows the owner of the bitcoins to control them. However, if the private key is not kept secret, then anyone who sees it can also control and take the bitcoins there. This happened on live TV when Bloomberg's Matt Miller accidentally showed a private key to viewers. The money was taken immediately. The person who took it, told others about it later, saying "I'll send it back once Matt gives me a new address, since someone else can sweep [empty] out the old one."

Sites or users using the Bitcoin system are required to use a global database called blockchain. Blockchain is a record of all transactions that have taken place in the Bitcoin network. It also keeps track of new bitcoins as they are generated. With these two facts, the blockchain can keep track of who has how much money at all times.

The process of generating the bitcoins is called mining. To generate a bitcoin, a miner must solve a math problem. However, the difficulty of the math problem depends on how many people are mining for bitcoin at the moment. Because of how complicated the math problems usually are, they must be calculated with very powerful processors. These processors can be found in CPUs, graphics cards, or specialized machines called ASICs. People who use these machines to mine bitcoins are called miners. Miners either compete with one another or work together in groups to solve a mathematical puzzle. The first miner or group of miners to solve the particular puzzle are rewarded with new bitcoins.

The puzzle is determined by the transactions being sent at the time and the previous puzzle solution. This means the solution to one puzzle is always different from the puzzles before. Attempting to change an earlier transaction, maybe to fake bitcoins being sent or change the number of someone's bitcoins, requires solving that puzzle again, which takes a lot of work, and also requires solving each of the following puzzles, which takes even more work. This means a bitcoin cheater needs to outpace all the other bitcoin miners to change the bitcoin history. This makes the bitcoin blockchain very safe to use.

When miners mine a block of bitcoin, they receive a reward. This reward gets cut in half every 210,000 blocks, which occurs roughly once every 4 years. During Bitcoin's inception, the block reward was 50 BTC. It was halved to 25 BTC on November 28th, 2012, and to 12.5 BTC on July 9th, 2016. As of May 11th, 2020, the block reward has been 6.25 BTC.

A popular image associated with Bitcoin is a QR code. QR codes are a group of black and white boxes that are similar to barcodes. Barcodes are a row of lines, and QR codes are a grid of squares. Bitcoin uses QR codes because they can store more information in a small space, and a camera such as a smartphone can read them. The two QR codes on the Bitcoin note are the public and private addresses, and can be scanned with a number of online tools.

Everyone in the Bitcoin network is considered a peer, and all addresses are created equal. All transactions can take place solely from peer to peer, but a number of sites exist to make these transactions simpler. These sites are called exchanges. Exchanges provide tools for dealing in Bitcoin. Some allow the purchase of Bitcoin from external accounts, and others allow trading with other cryptography-based currencies like Bitcoin. Most exchanges also provide a basic "wallet" service.

Wallets provide a handy way to keep track of all of a user's public and private addresses. Because addresses are pseudo a anonymous, anyone can have as many addresses as they want. This is useful for dealing with multiple people, but it can get complicated to manage multiple accounts. A wallet holds all of this information in a convenient place, just like a real wallet would. A backup of a wallet prevents 'losing' the bitcoins.

During the 2010s, Bitcoin has gained the attention of the mainstream media. Adoption growth has not only happened for consumers, but also for many companies, who are looking to make use of all of the advantages of Bitcoin.

As of 2018, Bitcoin was most popular cryptocurrency, followed by Ethereum and Litecoin.

As of 2021, El Salvador is the first country in the world to adopt the Bitcoin as a legal tender.

Bitcoin has often been criticized for its unstable price, its network's high electricity consumption, and for its high transaction fees. Additionally, it has been criticized for having characteristics in common with Ponzi and pyramid schemes.
Bitcoin owners regularly complain about losing their password, making their bitcoins permanently inaccessible.


Andrew Fire

Andrew Zachary Fire (born April 27, 1959 in Palo Alto, California) is an American biologist. He is a professor of pathology and genetics at Stanford University School of Medicine. Fire was given the 2006 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of RNA interference. The research was conducted at Carnegie Institution for Science and published in 1998.

Fire completed high school at age 15. He wanted to study at Stanford University, where he would later work, but was not accepted. He studied at the University of Californiaat Berkeley. Fire graduated with a bachelor's degree in mathematics at 19, and earned a PhD from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1983.

In 2006, Fire and Craig Mello shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for work first published in 1998 in the journal "Nature". The paper reports that tiny snippets of double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) effectively shut down specific genes, and so caused the destruction of messenger RNA (mRNA) with sequences matching the dsRNA. As a result, the mRNA cannot be translated into protein.

Fire and Mello found that dsRNA was much more effective in gene silencing than the previously described method of RNA interference with single-stranded RNA. Because only small numbers of dsRNA molecules were required for the observed effect, Fire and Mello proposed that a catalytic process was involved. This hypothesis was confirmed by later research.

The Nobel Prize citation, issued by Sweden's Karolinska Institute, said: "This year's Nobel Laureates have discovered a fundamental mechanism for controlling the flow of genetic information". The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) quoted Nick Hastie, director of the Medical Research Council's Human Genetics Unit, on the scope and implications of the research:

Stanley Cohen

Stanley Cohen (November 17, 1922 – February 5, 2020) was an American biochemist of Jewish descent. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1986. His research helped people understand how cancer starts and how to design anti-cancer drugs.

He was also, with Herbert Boyer, one of the first to do any kind of genetic engineering.

Cohen majored in chemistry and biology at Brooklyn College. He received a bachelor's degree in 1943, and worked as a bacteriologist at a plant that processes milk. Later in 1945, he received an M.A. in zoology from Oberlin College. He also received a Ph.D. from the department of biochemistry at the University of Michigan in 1948.

In the 1950s, Cohen worked with Rita Levi-Montalcini at Washington University in St. Louis. He isolated the nerve growth factor and then discovered the epidermal growth factor. In 1959, he began teaching biochemistry at Vanderbilt University.

Cohen also received the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize from Columbia University in 1983 and the National Medal of Science in 1986.

Cohen died on February 5, 2020 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 97.


Nephron

Nephrons are tiny tubules (miniature tubes) which are the smallest working part of the kidney. This is where the kidney removes waste, excess salt and excess water. 

Each nephron starts in the cortex of the kidney, then goes into the medulla of the kidney, before coming back to the cortex, then goes through the medulla into the pelvis of the kidney. In the pelvis, the nephrons join up with the ureter.

In humans, a normal kidney has between 800,000 and 1.5 million nephrons.

Each nephron consists of a cup-shaped structure at one end called the Bowman's capsule. It extends into a long urinary tubule,that is surrounded by a network of renal capillaries. The urinary tubules of nephrons in each kidney join to form a common tube called the ureter.

Inside the Bowman's capsule is a network of blood capillaries, the "glomerulus". The Bowman's capsule and glomerulus together form the Malphigian capsule or Malphigian body.

Liquid passes through the segments of the nephron in this order:

Parliament of Canada

The Parliament of Canada () is the federal legislative branch of Canada, seated at Parliament Hill in the national capital, Ottawa. 
The parliament has three parts. 
The governor general summons and appoints each of the 105 members of the upper house on the advice of the Prime Minister of Canada, while the 308 members of the lower house are directly elected by Canadian voters, with each Member of Parliament representing a single electoral district.

Queen Máxima of the Netherlands

Queen Máxima of the Netherlands (born as "Máxima Zorreguieta"; 17 May 1971) is the wife of Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands.

She was born Máxima Zorreguieta in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on 17 May 1971. Máxima is the daughter of Jorge Horacio Zorreguieta Stefanini, a farmer and a politician (died 2017). He was the under-secretary of Agriculture under Jorge R. Videla's military dictatorship. She studied in Northlands School, in Argentina. She has two brothers, a sister and three half-sisters by her father's first wife.
She graduated with a degree in Economics from the Universidad Católica Argentina in 1995 before working for large international companies in Finance in Argentina, New York and Europe.

In June 2018, her sister Inés Zorreguieta, committed suicide by hanging herself at her Buenos Aires apartment, aged 33.

She has been serving as the United Nations Secretary General’s Special Advocate for Inclusive Finance for Development (UNSGSA) since 2009.

Máxima met the crown prince in April 1999 in Sevilla, Spain, during the Seville Spring Fair. This is an important annual event, to which many people from other countries come and dress in typical Spanish Andalusian costume. In an interview, they stated that he introduced himself only as "Alexander," so that she did not know he was a prince. She thought he was joking when he told her he was a Prince. They agreed to meet in New York, where Máxima was working for Dresdner Kleinwort Benson, two weeks later. Their relationship apparently began in New York, but the Princess did not meet the Prince's parents, Queen Beatrix and Claus von Amsberg, for some time.

The news of the couple's relationship and eventual marriage plans caused controversy in the Netherlands. Máxima's father had been the Minister of Agriculture during the regime of former Argentine President Jorge Rafael Videla, a military dictator who ruled Argentina from 1976 to 1981 and who was responsible for many atrocities against civilians (non-military people). An estimated 10,000–30,000 people disappeared during this and later military regimes. Democracy was restored to Argentina in 1983.

Jorge Zorreguieta claimed that, as a civilian, he did not know about the Dirty War while he was a cabinet minister. Professor Baud was asked by the Dutch Parliament to research in what way Jorge Zorreguieta was involved in the war. He concluded that it would have been unlikely for a person in such a powerful position in the government to not know about the Dirty War. But the research also found that Máxima's father had not been directly involved with the many deaths in question.

The Dutch parliament gave permission for Máxima and Willem-Alexander to marry. This is necessary by law for the Prince of Orange to be able to become king. Because of the research around his involvement in the Dirty War, Máxima's father offered not to attend the wedding. Out of solidarity with her husband, Máxima's mother also did not come to the wedding on 2 February 2002 in Amsterdam.

The couple announced their engagement on 30 March 2001. Princess Máxima talked to the nation in fluent Dutch during the live broadcast on the occasion of the engagement.

Princess Máxima and Prince Willem-Alexander were married on 2 February 2002 in a civil ceremony in the Beurs van Berlage, Amsterdam. After that they had a religious ceremony at the Nieuwe Kerk (also in Amsterdam).

Title 

17 May 1971-2 February 2002 Miss Maxima Zorreguieta 

2 February 2002-30 April 2013 Her Royal Highness Princess Maxima of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau 

30 April 2013-present Her Majesty The Queen of the Netherlands 

National Honors 

Netherlands 

-Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Lion of the Netherlands (2 February 2002) 

-Recipient of the Wedding Medal of Prince Willem-Alexander, Prince of Orange and Maxima Zorreguieta 

-King Willem-Alexander Investiture Medal (30 April 2013) 

-Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the House of Nassau (6 May 2021) 

Foreign Honors 

-Austria: Grand Cross, Special Class of the Order of Honor for Services to the Republic of Austria 

-Belgium: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Leopold I, Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown 

-Brazil: Grand Cross of the Order of the Southern Cross 

-Brunei: Member of the Family Order of Laila Utama 

-Cape Verde: Recipient of the Medal of Merit 

-Chile: Grand Cross of the Order of Merit 

-Denmark: Knight of the Order of the Elephant 

-Estonia: Grand Cross of the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana (5 June 2018) 

-France: Grand Cross of the Order of the Legion of Honor (11 April 2023), Grand Cross of the Order of National Merit (20 January 2014) 

-Germany: Grand Cross, Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (5 July 2021), Grand Cross, 1st Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (8 October 2007) 

-Greece: Grand Cross of the Order of the Redeemer (31 October 2022) 

-Italy: Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic 

-Japan: Dame Grand Cordon (Paulownia) of the Order of the Precious Crown 

-Jordan: Dame Grand Cordon of the Supreme Order of the Renaissance (20 March 2018) 

-Latvia: Grand Cross of the Order of the Three Stars 

-Lithuania: Grand Cross of the Order of Merits to Lithuania 

-Luxembourg: Dame of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau, Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

-Mexico: Grand Cross of the Order of the Aztec Eagle 

-Norway: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav 

-Oman: Member 1st Class of the Order of Sultan Qaboos 

-Poland: Grand Cross of the Order of the White Eagle 

-Portugal: Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of Prince Henry 

-Slovakia: Grand Cross of the Order of the White Double Cross (7 March 2023) 

-South Korea: Grand Cross of the Order of Diplomatic Service Merit (12 December 2023) 

-Spain: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic 

-Sweden: Member Grand Cross of the Royal Order of Seraphim (11 October 2022) Member Grand Cross of the Royal Order of the Polar Star (21 April 2009) 

-United Arab Emirates: Grand Cross of the Order of Union 


The second names of all three of their daughters are also the names of the last three Dutch queens: Amalia's for her grandmother, Queen Beatrix, Alexia's for her great-grandmother, Queen Juliana and Ariane's for her great-great-grandmother, Queen Wilhelmina.

Queen Máxima is also godmother to two royal babies: "Countess Leonore of Orange-Nassau" (daughter of Prince Constantijn and Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands) and of "Prince Sverre Magnus of Norway" (son of Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit of Norway).


Rhynie chert

The Rhynie chert is a Lower Devonian sedimentary rock, part of the Old Red Sandstone. It has extraordinary fossils, and is a Lagerstätte.

The chert is exposed near the village of Rhynie, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. A second unit, the Windyfield chert, is some 700 m away.

The Rhynie chert is exceptionally preserved material covered by an overlying volcanic deposit. Most of the fossil bed has primitive plants (which had water-conducting cells and sporangia, but no true leaves). There are also arthropods, lichens, algae and fungi.

This fossil bed is remarkable for two reasons. First, the age of the site, formed about 410 million years ago. This places it at an early stage in the colonisation of land. Second, the sheer quantity and variety of lifeforms throws a vivid light on the whole ecosystem near the hot springs.

Seven land plant taxa have been found in the Rhynie and Windyfield cherts:

Also, the cherts have crustacea, primitive insects and other arthropods, fungi, lichen, and cyanobacteria. Even mycorrhizas are found in the Rhynie chert.

Second, these cherts are famous for their exceptional state of preservation. Individual cell walls are easy to see in polished specimens. Stomata have been counted and lignin remnants detected in the plant material. The "book lungs" of early spiders can be seen in cross-sections. Fungal hyphae can be seen entering plant material, acting as decomposers and mycorrhizal symbionts.

The oldest known insect ("Rhyniognatha hirsti"), which is rather like the modern springtails, was found in the Rhynie chert. This pushes dates for the origin of insects back to the Silurian period.

The chert was discovered by William Mackie while mapping the western margin of the Rhynie basin in 1910–1913.

Since 1980, the chert has been examined by the Münster group, and from 1987 by Aberdeen University. They showed the chert was indeed produced by a hot spring setting.

The chert was formed when silica-rich water from volcanic springs rose and rapidly petrified the early terrestrial ecosystem "in situ". Organisms are petrified that way by hot springs today, although that quality of preservation has not been found in recent deposits. Hot springs, with temperatures between , were active; the water had probably cooled to under before it reached the fossilised organisms. The deposits are interbedded with sands, shales and tuffs, which speaks of local volcanic activity. Deposition was very rapid.

The texture of the silica formed is like that found today in freshwater streams at Yellowstone National Park. They are typically alkaline (pH 8.7) and tepid .

Living vegetation covered around 55% of the land area, with litter covering 30% and the remaining 15% of the ground being bare.

Fuckin' Perfect

Fuckin' Perfect (also known as "Perfect") is a song by American singer-songwriter Pink. It was released as the second single from her album, "Greatest Hits... So Far!!!" on December 14, 2010. The song was written by Pink with Max Martin and Shellback. They also produced the song.

The song is similar to Pink's previous single, "Raise Your Glass". This is because it tells people to accept each other for who they are.

The video has been debated, as it contains topics such as depression, self-harm, and suicide.

"Fuckin' Perfect" rose to number two in "Billboard" Hot 100. In this way, it became Pink's eleventh top-ten song in the United States. The song became a top 10 hit in Australia, Canada, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. It went up to the top 40 in Belgium, Denmark, Hungary, Sweden, and Switzerland.

Adobe Acrobat

Adobe Acrobat is a family of software made by Adobe Systems. Software in the family can read and display Portable Document Format (PDF) files. Acrobat software can convert PDFs to other formats, PDF to Microsoft Word or Excel for example. It can also combine multiple file types into a single PDF file.

Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Lesser Poland Voivodeship, or Małopolska Province, is a voivodeship, or province, in southern Poland. It is , and as of 2006, has 3,267,731 residents. It was created on 1 January 1999. The capital of the province is Kraków.

The province's natural borders are Świętokrzyskie Mountains ("Góry Świętokrzyskie") on the north, "Jura Krakowsko-Częstochowska" (a broad range of hills stretching from Kraków to Częstochowa) on the west, and the Tatra, Pieniny and Beskidy Mountains on the south. The provinces and countries it is bordered by are the Silesian Voivodeship to the west, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship to the north, Subcarpathian Voivodeship to the east, and the country of Slovakia to the south.

Protected areas in Lesser Poland Voivodeship include six National Parks and 11 Landscape Parks. These are listed below.

Intransitive verb

In English, an intransitive verb is an action that involves the object or person doing the action by itself. For example: "The door opened." (by itself) This contrasts with a transitive verb, where the action is done by someone or something else, i.e.: "The person opened the door."

Randolph Scott

Randolph Scott (January 23, 1898 – March 2, 1987) was an American actor.

Randolph Scott made ​​his film debut in the silent film "Sharp Shooters" (1928). And in 1929 has a small role in the western starring Gary Cooper "The Virginian". Scott was one of the leading film actors in starring western, and one of the best interpreters of the genre. Its first western classics were "The Last of the Mohicans" (1936) and "Western Union" (1941) directed by Fritz Lang.

In 1943 he starred with Glenn Ford in the western "The Desperadoes", directed by Charles Vidor.
Some of his classic 1940 was "Belle of the Yukon" (1944), as Gentleman Jack, and "Badman's Territory" (1946), as Sheriff Mark Rowley. 

Scott also co-starred with John Wayne in "Pittsburgh" (1942), and with Charles Laughton in "Captain Kidd" (1945), two films from the 1940s.

The 1950 was one of the best for Scott stars in dozens of western. Among his films are "7th Cavalry" (1956), he plays the role of Capt. Tom Benson. a Capt accused of cowardice, "The Tall T" (1957), as Pat Brennan, a cowboy who is kidnapped with a woman, the villain is Frank Usher, played by Richard Boone, and "Ride Lonesome" (1959), with Pernell Roberts.

In "Comanche Station" (1960), Scott is Jefferson Cody, A cowboy saves a woman who had been kidnapped by Indians Comanches, then struggles to get both of them home alive. This western was directed by Budd Boetticher, and written by Burt Kennedy. And his last western was "Ride the High Country" (1962), with Joel McCrea. Scott played role of Gil Westrum, an old gunslinger who with McCrea help a young woman escape from the bandits who pursue.



Nichiren

Nichiren (16 February 1222 - 13 October 1282) was a Buddhism priest who lived in Japan. He is often called "Nichiren", "Nichi" means "sun" and "ren" means "lotus". The type of Buddhism he founded is known as Nichiren Buddhism. Nichiren's actions and writings are the basis of the modern Buddhist organization Soka Gakkai International (SGI). According to SGI's interpretation of Buddhism, it is through faith, practice and study that people can tap into their Buddha nature, become truly happy, and build a peaceful society. Faith refers to the belief in the concept known as "the mystic law of the universe." Practice means to chant every day the phrase "Nam-myo-ho-renge-kyo" and sections from the Lotus Sutra while sitting in front of the Gohonzon, a sacred scroll that hangs in the butsudan (an altar). Practice also entails telling other people about Nichiren Buddhism. Study means reading the writings of Nichren and discussing the readings with other people.

Bass Reeves

Bass Reeves (16 July 1838 - 12 January 1910) was an African American sheriff in Arkansas, who brought in hundreds of convicts. He was born as a slave, but then escaped his abusive master. He was one of the first African Americans to work in law enforcement west of the Mississippi River.

Stereotypic movement disorder

People with stereotypic movement disorder often hurt themselves. Some people make behaviors such as keeping their hands in their pockets, to prevent these movements. Cause of stereotypic movement disorder is certain physical conditions, head injuries and use of some drugs (cocaine). Childhood habits can result in negative social interactions and avoidance by peers and family members. Some repetitive behaviors can cause damage. The most common treatment approaches used for children with this condition are therapies aimed at reducing stress that may trigger the movements and changing behaviors. Some medications may also help reduce stereotypic behavior. Naltrexone has been used with some success in reducing stereotypic self-injurious behavior. In some cases, antidepressants such as Prozac, Zoloft and Luvox (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors), or Anafranil (a tricyclic antidepressant) may be helpful.

Gannet

Gannets are seabirds in the genus Morus. They are related to boobies. They are large white and black with yellow heads. They have long, pointed wings and long bills.
Gannets only lay one blue egg.

Gannets can dive from a height of , and hit the water with great speed. This can carry them to a depth of . The bird can then keep going deeper using its wings and feet. Some have been known to dive deeper than .

Cabot High School

Cabot High School (CHS) is a public high school for students in grades nine through twelve in Cabot, Arkansas. Cabot High School is administered by the Cabot Public School District, which covers Cabot, Austin, Ward, and northern Lonoke County. CHS has been accredited by the North Central Association since 1967.

As of 2010, the school offers Advanced Placement Program (AP) exams in the following areas:


Cabot High has the following clubs for students to join:


The Cabot Panthers' football team has had success during the tenure of Coach Mike Malham. The Panthers won the state championship in 1983 and 2000 and were state championship runners-up in 1997 and 1998. 

The Cabot Panthers Golf team has won multiple titles in the past two decades. 

Other sports at Cabot High include Baseball, Boys Basketball, Girls Basketball, Cross Country, Soccer, Softball, Cheerleading, Dance Team, Swimming, Tennis, Track, Bowling, Volleyball, and Wrestling.



Mazon Creek

Mazon Creek is a lagerstätte in northeast Illinois. It is a site of exceptional fossil preservation from the Pennsylvanian sub-period of the Carboniferous, about 309 million years ago.

The area was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1997. 

The site's greatest find is the oldest-known beetle.

The sediments were laid in a gigantic tropical estuary, a river delta with shifting channels and mud and sand bars. Much of the continent was then covered by a great internal epeiric sea, which sometimes swept over the area, and then withdrew.

Coal measures are formed like this. A low-lying tropical swamp or rain forest forms a peat swamp which is short of oxygen. Dead plant material builds up, and does not decompose entirely. The plant material gets buried as a peat bog. From time to time rivers bring down a load of sediment from nearby mountains, covering the swamp. Eventually layers of coal alternate with layers of sandy deposit. Pressure turns it all into hard rock. Later on, the rocks are uncovered by erosion, and fossils can be found by humans.

The huge growth of vegetation at this time produced coal measures, and the fossils were found in concretions (hard balls) in the spoil heaps of coal mines. The concretions are caused by iron carbonate, FeCO, which makes the parcel of mud and organic material into hard balls.

Fossil specimens have been found which belong to these groups of plants and animals:


Diocese of Truro

The Diocese of Truro is a Church of England diocese in the Province of Canterbury.
The area included in the diocese is that of the county of Cornwall including the Isles of Scilly. It was formed in 1876 from the western parts of the Diocese of Exeter and the first bishop was appointed in 1877. The Christian faith has been alive in the region since at least the 4th century AD. Many of the communities in the diocese, as well as the parish churches, bear a Celtic saint's name, which is a reminder of the links with other Celtic lands. The head of the diocese is the bishop of Truro, Tim Thornton, and the cathedral is in Truro. 
There are 225 parishes with a little more than 300 church buildings in the diocese.


Makaton

Makaton is a set of simple sign language and black-and-white symbols (pictures) which are used alongside simple talk. Makaton is a sign language that is free to teach other people but it is also sold, taught, guarded and checked up on by the business which started it. Makaton started with simple ordinary English and British Sign Language hand-signs; the pictures were added later. It is now used all over the world and changed for the country it is used in. It uses the same hand-signs as the sign language of the country it is used in but not in the same way. For example, in Britain, Makaton hand-signing is mostly made from BSL (British Sign Language), but the signs are used in a different order alongside the simple spoken words. 

Makaton is mainly taught to children and adults with special needs in speech and language, with or without hearing problems, by teachers, teaching assistants and childcare practitioners, carers or caregivers such as parents, grandparents, foster carers, other friends and family, and specialist clinicians such as speech and language therapists. Makaton is also popular to use with babies - "baby signing".

In British television, Justin Fletcher uses Makaton signing in "Something Special", a series of television programmes aimed at children with special needs shown on CBeebies. It was also used by Dave Benson Phillips while telling nursery rhymes on BBC children's television years earlier than this. 

In schools and nursery schools and childcare as well as at home Makaton signs and symbols are often used alongside other ways of talking and showing like photographs and "PECS", which are drawn colour pictures of parts of a routine, like washing hands, eating a snack, or using the toilet. This way of using different ways of showing routines and making requests for people with communication problems is sometimes called "total communication".

Cladocera

Cladocera is an order of small crustaceans commonly called water fleas. Around 620 species have been recognised so far, with many more undescribed. 

They are everywhere in inland aquatic habitats, but rare in the oceans. Most are long, with a down-turned head, and a carapace covering the thorax and abdomen. There is a single median compound eye. They swim with jerking flea-like movements. 

Most species show cyclical parthenogenesis, where asexual reproduction is occasionally supplemented by sexual reproduction. The sexual reproduction produces resting eggs that allow the species to survive harsh conditions and disperse to distant habitats.

Old Red Sandstone

The Old Red Sandstone is a dark red sandstone laid down mainly in the Devonian period over a large part of the continent of Laurussia. The base of the ORS is now known to be in the Silurian and the top in the Carboniferous.

Laurussia is often called the Old Red Continent, or Euramerica. It included what is now much of northern Europe, Greenland and North America. It was, at the time, between 0 and 30 south of the equator.

The Old Red Sandstone (ORS) was first discovered in Great Britain, and it played a big part in early geology. The term 'Old Red Sandstone' was first used in 1821 by Scottish naturalist and mineralogist Robert Jameson.

In 1787 James Hutton saw what is now known as Hutton's Unconformity at Jedburgh in the Scottish Borders.

Later, on the Berwickshire coast, he found Siccar Point. There was "a beautiful picture of this junction washed bare by the sea", where 345 million year old Devonian Old Red Sandstone overlies 425 million year old Silurian greywacke.

The unconformity represents a gap in the record of geological time. During this time the rocks were raised above sea level, and erosion took place. Folding and faulting occurred. The mountains were formed when a section of northwestern Europe collided with a continental plate made up of parts of present-day North America and Greenland. The lower strata tilted almost vertical.

The ORS rocks were deposited in a series of low-lying terrestrial basins, with lakes and rivers. These basins were between ranges of the Caledonian mountains. The ORS was laid down in this non-marine terrestrial environment. Thick deposits of sand and mud, 11,000 metres (36,000 feet) deep, often stained red by oxidized iron minerals, collected as the basins sank down.

The ORS was laid down over a long period of time from the latest Silurian to the earliest Carboniferous (Mississippian), 418–355 million years ago.

The ORS is a rock formation which varies from place to place as the circumstances at the time must have varied.

The dark red colour of these rocks comes from iron oxide. However, not all the Old Red Sandstone is red or sandstone — the sequence also includes conglomerates, mudstones, siltstones and thin limestones and colours can range from grey and green through red to purple.

These deposits got sediment from the erosion of the Caledonian Mountain chain. This was built by the collision of the former continents to make the Old Red Sandstone Continent. This sequence is known as the Caledonian orogeny.


Joe Flanigan

Joe Flanigan (born January 5, 1967) is an American television actor. He is best known for playing the character Major/Lt. Colonel John Sheppard in "Stargate Atlantis". He shares his birthday with "Stargate Atlantis" co-star Paul McGillion.

Craftsman architecture

Craftsman was a style of architecture in the United States in the early 20th century. It is called that because Gustav Stickley, a craftsman furniture maker, had a magazine called "The Craftsman". The movement was part of the Arts and Crafts movement that started in England in the late 19th century. It wanted a "simpler way of life" that was not like American and English industrialized society. Architects such as Greene and Greene designed Craftsman homes such as the Gamble House. These houses were well-made, but did not have a lot of ornamentation. Often they played off of natural themes. A smaller version of the craftsman home was the bungalow. By the 1910s, Craftsman bungalows were being built in large numbers in and around American cities. Besides America and England, there was a lot of Craftsman architecture in Japan.

Eugène Dubois

Marie Eugène François Thomas Dubois (28 January 1858 – 16 December 1940) was a Dutch paleoanthropologist. He earned worldwide fame for his discovery of "Pithecanthropus erectus" (later redesignated "Homo erectus"), or 'Java Man'. Although hominid fossils had been found and studied before, Dubois was the first anthropologist to embark upon a purposeful search for them.

Between 1887 and 1895, Dubois searched at potential sites near rivers and in caves, first on the island of Sumatra, then on the island of Java.

In 1891, Dubois discovered remains of what he described as "a species in between humans and apes". He called his finds "Pithecanthropus erectus" ("ape-human that stands upright") or Java Man. Today, they are classified as "Homo erectus" ("human that stands upright"). These were the first specimens of early hominid remains to be found outside of Africa or Europe.

In 1895, Dubois returned to Europe and toured the continent to convince his colleagues that he had indeed found a missing link. Although most anthropologists were intrigued, they did not always agree with Dubois' interpretations. After that, Dubois refused others access to his fossils, until he was forced to do so in 1923.


Torri Higginson

Sarah Victoria "Torri" Higginson (born Burlington, Ontario, December 6, 1969) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her roles in the "TekWar" movies and series, "The English Patient", "Bliss", and "Stargate Atlantis". 

Higginson took over the role of Dr. Elizabeth Weir from Jessica Steen in a guest spot on the season eight opener of "Stargate SG-1". She was then carried over as the leader of the Atlantis expedition on "Stargate Atlantis" and played that role until the end of the show's third season. She was reduced from a main cast member to a recurring role in the fourth season. She did not play the role for the show's fifth season.

Rachel Luttrell

Rachel Luttrell (born 19 January 1971) is an actress. She is best known for her roles as Veronica Beck in the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation TV series "Street Legal" and Teyla Emmagan, an Athosian warrior leader on "Stargate Atlantis".


Sun angle

Sun angle is the angle of incidence at which sunlight strikes the Earth at a particular time and place. In most places the Sun rises in the morning, is highest at noon, and sets in the evening. In different seasons the Sun is farther north or south. The angle controls the amount of heat energy received at this place, so summer days are usually warmer than winter nights. 

Seasonal change in the angle of sunlight, caused by the tilt of the Earth's axis, is the basic mechanism that results both in warmth of the weather and in length of the day. 


Huntington Beach, California

Huntington Beach is an ocean town in Orange County, California. According to the 2020 Census, the number of people living in Huntington Beach is 198,711. This makes it one of the largest cities in Orange County in the number of people, or population. It is has the Pacific Ocean on the southwest, Seal Beach in the northwest, Costa Mesa to the east, Newport Beach on the southeast, Westminster to the north, and Fountain Valley to the northeast.

Huntington Beach is well known for its 8.5 mile (13.7 km) strip of beach running down the west side. The beach is a very good place for surfing. Several surfing meets are held there each year.

The beach is named for Henry E. Huntington, the head of the Pacific Electric Railway. The PE served Huntington Beach for many years.




2001 Sino-Russian Treaty of Friendship

The Treaty of Good-Neighborliness and Friendly Cooperation Between the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation (FCT) is a treaty outlining a twenty-year cooperation between China and Russia. It was signed by the leaders of the two countries, Jiang Zemin and Vladimir Putin, on July 16, 2001.

The treaty describes actions that should be taken by the two countries to establish for peaceful relations and economic cooperation, as well as diplomatic and political reliance. Article 9 of the treaty has started controversy because it may be viewed as a defense pact, meaning if one of the two countries becomes involved in a war, the other country must help them. Additionally, articles A7 and A16 point at increasing military cooperation, including the sharing of "military know-how" (A16), namely, Chinese access to Russian military technology.

The treaty also describes a mutual, cooperative approach to environmental technology regulations and energy conservation; and toward international finance and trade. The document affirms Russia's stand on Taiwan as "an inalienable part of China" (A5), and highlights the commitment to ensure the "national unity and territorial integrity" in the two countries (A4).

Analysts have pointed out several different reasons for the FCT, mostly involving benefits for both China and Russia.



Both China and Russia fear the United States (especially following its strengthened geopolitical position following the September 11, 2001 attacks) becoming involved in areas which they believe should only be affected by their respective spheres of national influences and interests: for China, this largely involves Taiwan serving as a US client state, while for Russia it involves having various former Soviet Republics as US client states. Many of these do not border either country, though Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan border China, and Kazakhstan borders both.

The United States, Japan and the European Union are three economic powers which have a skilled workforce and access to capital. Russia and China can more effectively compete against these powers in the world economy if Russia has access to Chinese capital and China has access to Russian training and technology.


Einstein field equations

The Einstein field equations, or Einstein-Hilbert equations, or simply Einstein equations are equations that describe gravity. They are named after Albert Einstein and David Hilbert. The basic idea is to use geometry to model the effects of gravity. The usual form of the equations is that of nonlinear partial differential equations. Such equations are usually solved by approximation. An exact solution can be obtained in special cases, where certain assumptions are dropped, or simplified.

Einstein used mathematical objects called "tensors" to describe the curvature of spacetime to define gravity. The equation below is the general form of the EFE :

formula_1

Where R is known as the "Ricci curvature tensor", g is the "metric tensor", "R" is the scalar curvature, Λ is the "cosmological constant", "G" is the gravitational constant, π is pi, c is the speed of light, and T is called the "stress-energy tensor".

A simpler way for non-math people to understand this is to place a large leaden ball on a rubber sheet suspended between four poles. The rubber sheet will sag from the weight of the lead ball, and if you spin a marble on the sheet it will circle the lead ball, just as the earth circles the sun. The reason is not that there is any attraction between the sun and the earth but that the earth follows the straightest path it can follow in curved space-time. 

Mie scattering

Mie scattering is the way that light scatters when it hits an object. It is named after the German physicist, Gustav Mie. This theory is good for all wavelengths of light, and all object sizes. If the object is much smaller than the wavelength of light, Rayleigh scattering theory is also quite good.

When the object is big, the light can hit many places on the object. A quite good formula for the scattering is:

Clint Walker

Clint Walker (born Norman Eugene Walker; May 30, 1927 – May 21, 2018) was an American actor.

Clint Walker began his career playing role Tarzan in "Jungle Gents" (1954), then played the role of Sardinian, in the classical biblical movie "The Ten Commandments" (1956).

Clint made several western movies on the big screen "Fort Dobbs" (1958), and Yellowstone Kelly (1959), directed by Gordon Douglas, 
Gold of the Seven Saints (1961), with Roger Moore, More Dead Than Alive (1969) with Vincent Price, Sam Whiskey (1969) with Burt Reynolds. And the western starring with Charles Bronson, "The White Buffalo" (1977).

He also starred in television Westerns "Yuma" (1971) and "The Bounty Man" (1972).

Among his best works is the war movie "The Dirty Dozen" (1967), with Lee Marvin, He plays one of the dozen prisoners, who are elected by Marvin for a suicide mission. Walker also worked with Frank Sinatra in war movie, "None But the Brave" (1965), directed by Frank Sinatra.

In 1955 he was hired to star in the ABC TV series "Cheyenne", in which he played cowboy adventurer Cheyenne Bodie who, after the Civil War, roamed the Wild-West fighting bandits, cattle rustlers and Native American rebels. The series aired between 1955 and 1963 over more than 108 episodes. It was very successful, despite Clint's less-than-enthusiastic acceptance of the punishing demands of TV stardom.

Walker died from congestive heart failure on May 21, 2018 in Grass Valley, California at the age of 90.



Hope, British Columbia

Hope is a district municipality in British Columbia, Canada. Hope is in the confluence of both of the Fraser and Coquihalla rivers. As of 2006, 6,185 people lived there. The current mayor of Hope is Laurie French. During World War II there was a internment camp in Hope for the Canadians of Japanese extraction.


Princeton, British Columbia

Princeton is a Canadian district municipality in British Columbia, Canada. Princeton is in the Similkameen region of British Columbia. The population of Princeton as of 2006 is 2,677. The current mayor of Princeton is Randy McLean. Princeton is also known for it's castle, which is on the outskirts of Princeton. The castle is now a resort. 


Merritt, British Columbia

Merritt is a Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada. Marritt is in the south-central Interior of British Columbia and also in the Nicola Valley. As of 2006, Marritt had 6,998 people. The current mayor of Merritt is Susan Roline. Merritt is home to a BCHL (British Columbia Hockey League) team called the Merritt Centennials which is the oldest ice hockey team in the league. In 2008, the Country Music Hall of Fame relocated from Calgary to Merritt.


Rayleigh scattering

Rayleigh scattering is the way that light scatters when it hits a very small object. This theory is valid if the wavelength of the light is much bigger than the object. It is named after Lord Rayleigh but was also the work of Raman and Krishnan as it is part of the Raman scattering theory. 

John William Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh

John William Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh, OM (12 November 1842 – 30 June 1919) was an English Physicist. He won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1904. He discovered argon and Rayleigh scattering.

Big Fat Liar

Big Fat Liar is an 2002 teen comedy movie that was produced by Michael Goldman, Marie Cantin, Brian Robbins and Michael Tollin and was directed by Shawn Levy. Big Fat Liar was released on February 8, 2002 in North America. The movie received mixed reviews with a 44% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 36 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Kunal Nayyar

Kunal Nayyar (born 30 April 1981) is a British-Indian actor. He is best known for playing "Rajesh Koothrappali", an astrophysicist on the television series, "The Big Bang Theory". He also played a terrorist in the series, "NCIS". He was born in London, England and was raised in New Delhi, India.


3 Juno

3 Juno (symbol: ) is a main belt asteroid discovered by Karl Ludwig Harding on September 1, 1804. Juno was the third asteroid discovered in the Solar System and is named after Juno, the Roman goddess that is the queen of all gods.

Juno is an S-type asteroid, and is estimated to contain 1% of the total mass of the asteroid belt.

Monzón

Monzón is a city in Aragón, in Spain. It is about 60 km east of the capital of the province (Huesca). As of the 2010 census, 17,115 people lived there.

The city has a long history. In it, the James I of Aragon was trained in its castle by the knights templar, being a strategic spot between Segre and Cinca valleys. Furthermore, the city owned the Aragonese corts in many times.

Cardinal Richelieu and Gaspar de Guzmán, Count-Duke of Olivares signed a treaty here, ending the conflict over Valtelline in 1626.

In the present, Monzón has a sporty tradition, with its slogan "Monzón, cuna de deportistas" (Monzón, birthplace of sportmen). Among them are Conchita Martínez, the only Spanish woman to win the most important and ancient tournament in tennis, Wimbledon, and Eliseo Martín, bronze medal winner in the 3000m steeplechase in the Paris World Championships (2003) - the only non African athlete to get a medal in those Champìonships since 1993.

But Monzon has also been home to Olympic athletes, including Javier Moracho (110 m hurdles) - Spanish record holder for almost 20 years - the decathlete Álvaro Burrell, and the renowned pole vaulter Javier Gazol.

Jackie Gayda

Jacquelyn Suzanne Gayda-Haas (born November 3, 1981 in Strongsville, Ohio) is a semi-retired American professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). She won the second season of Tough Enough. She is married to Charlie Haas who she married in 2005.

Gayda won many things during her professional wrestling career:


Glenn Gilbertti

Glenn Gilbertti (born November 12, 1968 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring name, Disco Inferno. He currently works as a host at the Sapphire Gentlemen's Club, which is a strip club in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gilbertti won many championships during his professional wrestling career:


Ceratophyllum

Ceratophyllum is a genus of flowering plants, commonly found in ponds, marshes, and quiet streams in tropical and in temperate regions.

"Ceratophyllum" grows completely submerged, usually, though not always, floating on the surface, and does not tolerate drought. The plant stems can reach 1–3 m in length. At intervals along nodes of the stem they produce rings of bright green leaves, which are narrow and often much-branched. The forked leaves are brittle and stiff to the touch in some species, softer in others.

Christoph Leitgeb

Christoph Leitgeb (born 14 April 1985 in Graz) is a former Austrian football player. He played in the Austrian Bundesliga for F. C. Red Bull Salzburg and Sturm Graz as a midfielder. He also played in the national team and was a member of Austria's team at Euro 2008.
He started playing football in the youth teams of SK Sturm Graz in his hometown. In the 2005–06 season he played his first match in the first team of Sturm Graz. The first goal he scored was on 22 April 2006 against Red Bull Salzburg. After two seasons with Sturm Graz he signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg. In his first year he played regularly, but in his second year he had problems with his knees. The following years he came back and played very often from the beginning.

After spending 12 years in Salzburg he went back to SK Sturm Graz. In 2020 he ended his career and works now as scout for SK Sturm.

His first international match was in a friendly against Croatia on 23 June 2006. (1–4). He played 41 times for Austria.

CHERUB

CHERUB is a series of young adult spy books. It is written by English author Robert Muchamore. The series is about a division of the British Security Service named CHERUB. CHERUB takes on children, mostly orphans, as spies. CHERUB stands for Charles Henderson's Espionage Research Unit B. This was revealed in the book "Secret Army", a book in Muchamore's other series, "Henderson's Boys".

Diocese of Exeter

The Diocese of Exeter is a diocese of the Church of England including the whole of Devon, and it is one of the largest in England. The head of the diocese is the bishop, Michael Langrishe, and the cathedral is in the city of Exeter. It is part of the Province of Canterbury. Two other bishops and four archdeacons help the bishop of the diocese oversee all the Anglican parishes and congregations of Devon. There are 506 parishes in this diocese. Before the founding of the Diocese of Truro in 1876 the whole of Cornwall was also part of the Diocese of Exeter.


Portrait of an American Family

Portrait of an American Family is the first studio album by American rock band, Marilyn Manson. It was released on July 19, 1994. The producers of the album were Trent Reznor and Marilyn Manson. The bassist for the band, Gidget Gein, was fired after the making of the album.

Antichrist Superstar

Antichrist Superstar is the second studio album by American rock band, Marilyn Manson. It was released on October 8, 1996. The producers of the album were Trent Reznor, Dave Ogilvie, Marilyn Manson and Sean Beavan. There were many protest from religious and civic groups such as the American Family Association because of the band's anti-Christian views.

Mechanical Animals

Mechanical Animals is the third studio album by American rock band, Marilyn Manson. It was released on September 14, 1998. The producers of the album were Michael Beinhorn, Marilyn Manson and Sean Beavan. The album received controversy from Wal-Mart because of the album's artwork which features Manson covered from head to toe in latex paint. His genitals are covered by a thin cup of plastic that creates the androgynous appearance of an alien figure that he calls "Omēga".

Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death)

Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death) is the fourth studio album by American rock band, Marilyn Manson. It came out on November 13, 2000 in the United Kingdom, November 14, 2000 in Australia and United States and on December 5, 2000 in Japan. The producers of the album were Marilyn Manson and Dave Sardy. The album was the first album that Marilyn Manson released after the Columbine High School massacre that took place on April 20, 1999.


Welsh Springer Spaniel

The Welsh Springer Spaniel is a breed of dog and a member of the spaniel family. They are similar to the English Springer Spaniel and historically have also been called the Welsh Spaniel and the Welsh Cocker Spaniel. This breed is usually energetic and helps hunters. They are used as a flushing dog. They are closely related to the English Springer Spaniel and the Cocker Spaniel.


Roman influence in Caucasian Albania

Caucasian Albania was the area of modern-day Azerbaijan. It was a client state of the Roman Empire for four centuries around the time of Christ. Its influence over the region started in the first century before Christ and lasted until around 250 AD. Around 299 AD, Albania was again a "nominal" vassal state of emperor Diocletianus for a few years more.

Rome controlled Caucasian Albania only as a client or vassal state. It was never able to fully make it a part of the Roman Empire, like a "province" (as happened with its neighbour, Armenia).

In these centuries Rome brought Christianity to the Caucasian Albanians, with a western cultural influence that has lasted until contemporary Azerbaijan. Even if few Azerbaijanis are Christians today, the writing system they use is the Roman alphabet.

A second and final influence came from the Eastern Roman Empire when emperor Heraclius was able to take control of Caucasian Albania in 627 AD with help from the Gokturks of the Western Turkic Khaganate, in the Third Perso-Turkic War.

There was an enduring relation between Caucasian Albania and Ancient Rome. In 65 BC, the Roman general Pompey, who had just subjugated Armenia and Iberia and had conquered Colchis, entered Albania at the head of his army. Crossing the arid province of Cambysenē (Kambičan)—recently seized from the Armenians by the Albanians—he turned in the direction of the Caspian Sea.

In fording the Alazan river, he clashed with the forces of Oroezes, king of Albania, and eventually defeated them. Pompey ensured the control of Albanians nearly reaching the Caspian sea before returning to Anatolia.

But the Albanians, influenced by the Parthian Empire were not slow to revolt against Rome: in 36 BC Mark Antony found himself obliged to send one of his lieutenants to bring an end to their rebellion. Zober, who was then king of Albania, capitulated and Albania thus became -at least in name- a "Roman protectorate", starting a condition of vassalage that lasted for nearly three centuries.

A king of Albania appears in the list of dynasties whose ambassadors were received by Augustus.

In 35 AD King Pharasmanes of Iberia and his brother Mithridates, with the support of Rome, confronted the Parthians in Armenia: the Albanians proved effective allies, contributing to the defeat and temporary eviction of the Parthians.

Emperor Nero prepared in 67 AD a military expedition in the Caucasus: he wanted to defeat the barbarian Alans and conquer for Rome all the northern shores of the Black sea from actual Georgia-Azerbaijan to what is now Romania-Moldavia, but his death stopped it.

Successively Vespasian was determined to restore and reinforce the full authority of Rome in the Caucasus as far as the Caspian.

The presence of a detachment of the Legio XII Fulminata at a distance of some kilometers from the shores of that sea (69 km south of Baku) is attested by an inscription drawn up between 83 and 96 AD in the reign of Domitian.

In 75 AD, XII "Fulminata" was in Caucasus, where Emperor Vespasian had sent the legion to support the allied kingdoms of Iberia and Albania.

An inscription has been found in Azerbaijan which reads: , "Under imperator Domitian, Caesar, Augustus Germanicus, Lucius Julius Maximus, Legio XII Fulminata".

Some historians argue that the actual settlement of "Ramana" near Baku was possibly founded by the Roman troops of Lucius Julius Maximus from "Legio XII Fulminata" in the first century AD and derives its name from the Latin "Romana".

Among the facts that strengthen this hypothesis are the military-topoghraphical map of Caucasus published in 1903 by Russian Administration which spells name of town as "Romana", various Roman artefacts found in the Absheron region and also old inhabitants' referring to the town as "Romani".

Additionally, Ramana is positioned in an area perfectly suited for a Roman "castrum" to control nearby Baku' s port, on the commercial sea route (through the Caspian sea) between the Caucasus and the Central Asia plains.

Despite the growth of Roman influence, Albania never ceased to remain in commercial and probably also cultural contact with Persia, but with Trajan in 114 AD Roman control over Caucasian Albania was nearly complete with top social levels fully romanized. 

During the reign of Roman emperor Hadrian (117-138) Albania was invaded by the Alans, an Iranian nomadic group.

This invasion promoted an alliance between Rome and the Albanians that was reinforced under Antoninus Pius in 140 AD. Sassanians occupied the area around 240 Ad but after a few years the Roman Empire regained control of Caucasian Albania.

In 297 AD the treaty of Nisibis stipulated the reestablishment of the Roman protectorate over Caucasian Iberia and Caucasian Albania. But fifty years later Rome lost the area that since then remained an integral part of the Sassanian Empire for more than two centuries.

In the late sixth century the territory of Albania became again an arena of wars between Sassanian Persia and the Byzantine/Eastern Roman Empire. During the third Perso-Turkic War, the Khazars (Gokturks) invaded Albania, and their leader Ziebel declared himself "Lord of Albania" in 627 AD under the Roman Heraclius rule, levying a tax on merchants and the fishermen of the Kura and Araxes rivers, which was "in accordance with the land survey of the kingdom of Persia". The Albanian kings retained their rule by paying tribute to the regional powers.

Caucasian Albania was later conquered by the Arabs in 643 AD, during the Islamic conquest of Persia.

Rome has left a huge cultural legacy to actual Azerbaijan: not only the Latin alphabet and the western-oriented society of contemporary Azerbaijanis, but even - like in Armenia and Georgia - the Christian faith (even if actually has few worshippers).

Christianity started to enter Caucasian Albania, according to Movses Kaghankatvatsi, as early as during the 1st century, exactly when Romans imposed their initial control on Albania. The first Christian church in the region was built by St. Eliseus, a disciple of Thaddeus of Edessa, at a place called Gis and is believed to be the modern-day "Church of Kish".

After Armenia under Roman influence adopted Christianity as its state religion (301 AD), the Caucasian Albanian king Urnayr went to the See of the Armenian Apostolic Church to receive baptism from St. Gregory the Illuminator, the first "Patriarch of Armenia".

Christianity reached its golden age in the late fifth century under Vachagan the Pious (ruled 487–510 AD), who launched a campaign - influenced by Byzantine priests - against idol worship in Caucasian Albania and discouraged Persian Zoroastrianism. After the Muslim invasions of the 7th century the original Christians have nearly disappeared from actual Azerbaijan. The only remaining Caucasian Albanians are the Udi people, who maintain the Christian faith of their Roman influenced ancestors. The last 7000 Udi live mostly in the village of Nij of the region of Kabala and Oguz (former Vartashen), but a few can be found in the capital Baku.


National Space Science Data Center

The National Space Science Data Center (NSSDC) is an archive that stores NASA space science mission data. "Space science" means astronomy and astrophysics, solar and space plasma physics, and planetary and lunar science. It also stores space physics mission data. The NSSDC was first established at the Goddard Space Flight Center in 1966.

Disneyland (disambiguation)

Disneyland is the original Disney theme park in Anaheim, California.

Disneyland may also refer to:



Disney California Adventure

Disney California Adventure, also called just California Adventure, is a theme park in Anaheim, California, across from Disneyland Park and part of the larger Disneyland Resort. The park is owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company. It opened on February 8, 2001 as Disney's California Adventure Park. On May 28, 2010, it was announced through the official Disney Parks Blog that Disney's California Adventure Park would be renamed Disney California Adventure.

The park is and has of five areas: Sunshine Plaza, Hollywood Pictures Backlot, The Golden State, A Bug's Land and Paradise Pier. Each space is meant to look like different parts of California, its culture, landmarks and history.

In 2009, the park had around 6.05 million guests, making it the 11th-most visited theme park in the world, its highest ever attendance total for a calendar year. The pre­vi­ous record-holder was Warner Bros. Movie World, 338 days after its open­ing.

Sunshine Plaza is the main entrance into the park. It is designed to look like a California postcard. After guests pass the ticket counter, they walk under a mock-up of San Francisco Bay's Golden Gate Bridge, which disguises a portion of the resort's monorail track. At the ends of the faux Golden Gate Bridge are two massive murals of various landmarks and mountain ranges in California. After passing under the bridge, guests reach the main area of Sunshine Plaza that leads to the park's Hollywood Picture Backlot and Golden State. Sunshine Plaza is also home to a replica of the California Zephyr, which houses the plaza's two counter service restaurants: Baker's Field Bakery and Bur-r-r Bank Ice Cream.

Paradise Pier is themed after a Victorian-era California boardwalk, based on popular coastal boardwalks such as the Santa Monica Pier and the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk. The land's attractions, such as "California Screamin’", resemble the classic amusement park rides found at many boardwalks. California Screamin' recently got new audio on the ride and was given a complete repaint (track, supports and trains). "Toy Story Midway Mania!" is an interactive 3D ride inspired by classic midway games.

"Mickey's Fun Wheel" (formerly the "Sun Wheel") is a -wide Ferris wheel overlooking Paradise Bay, a large body of water that dominates the Paradise Pier area. "World of Color" is a show performed by water fountains, water cannons, and multicolored lights in Paradise Bay. It plays on select evenings and showcases many Disney and Pixar movie moments.

A section of Paradise Pier was themed after the Historic U.S. Route 66, a desert road area that starts with Paradise Pier's crashed fireboat, the S.S. Rustworthy. Notable attractions are the "Jumpin' Jellyfish" and "Golden Zephyr".

This land looks like natural California, with lots of plants native to the state. It is split into five sub-lands:

This sub-land is themed after an airfield in tribute to California's pilots and engineers from the 1940s to the mid-60s. It has walls made of old railroad ties, and World War II runway mats out and around. The main ride here is Soarin' Over California, a ride that simulates a hang glider tour of California. Also in this area are the Taste Pilot's Grill counter service restaurant, a shop, and a water play area outside of Soarin' Over California, with a giant rocket jet that sprays mist. The number 47 is hidden in various places as a reference to 1947, the year the sound barrier was broken. Also, the clock on the Fly 'N Buy Souvenir Shop is stopped at the exact time the sound barrier was broken on Oct 14, 1947 by Chuck Yeager.

This sub-land is themed after California's wilderness, such as Yosemite and Redwood national parks. Attractions include Grizzly River Run, a fast-paced river rapids ride around Grizzly Peak, the park's icon. Nearby is the Redwood Creek Challenge Trail; a playground area which includes a show with characters from Disney's "Brother Bear" called The Magic of Brother Bear. A special entrance to Disney's Grand Californian Hotel is also in this area.

This sub-land is themed after the San Francisco Bay area. It used to feature "Golden Dreams", a film about the history of California, starring Whoopi Goldberg. Its last showing was on September 7, 2008. Outside of the theatre is a mural and a replica of the Palace of Fine Arts. The Bay Area also includes an avenue of houses similar to the Victorian architecture of many townhouses found in San Francisco. The main area is scheduled to be converted to (Voyage of The Little Mermaid), which is currently under construction. When Voyage of the Little Mermaid opens, this area will become part of Paradise Pier.

This sub-land is themed after Northern California's Napa Valley and the winemaking industry. Included in this area is Wine Country Trattoria, a casual restaurant that serves wines and Italian foods. The former main attraction in this area, Seasons of the Vine, a film showcasing Napa Valley and the changes throughout the seasons, was housed in a wine cellar-like theatre. It closed on March 30, 2008 and was converted into the Walt Disney Imagineering Blue Sky Cellar, which opened in October 2008. The new attraction displays the upcoming changes to the park. The exhibits will be rotated every few months until 2012, when the major park improvement project is scheduled to be finished. Guests also have the opportunity to taste several wines for an additional price.

This sub-land is based on Monterey's Cannery Row area, especially as depicted in John Steinbeck's novels, and also resembles San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf. This area includes the Cocina Cucamonga Mexican Grill, Pacific Wharf Cafe, and The Lucky Fortune Cookery Chinese restaurant, along with a Karl Strauss beer truck and a margarita stand. This sub-land also features attractions such as the Mission Tortilla Factory, which features a tour on how tortillas were once made, and showcases working corn and flour tortilla machines. Another attraction is the Boudin Bakery Tour, which is a tour of the sourdough bread making process with Rosie O'Donnell and Colin Mochrie as video tour guides.

Hollywood Pictures Backlot is an area styled to appear as Hollywood boulevards and movie backlots, with Hollywood, television, and movie-themed attractions. A version of the "Tower of Terror" attraction from Disney's Hollywood Studios opened in the Hollywood Pictures Backlot in 2004. The "Monsters, Inc. Mike & Sulley to the Rescue!" attraction is based on the characters from "Monsters, Inc.". The 2000-seat Hyperion Theater currently plays "".

Also there since the park's opening is "Muppet Vision 3-D", a show that also originated at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Both the Tower of Terror and Muppet Vision 3-D benefited from the many advances and new technology made available to the imagineers since the original attractions opened in Florida.

The "Hollywood Pictures Backlot" sign at the area's entrance, featuring two ceramic elephants sculptures atop columns, is an homage to a huge set constructed for the epic 1916 Hollywood film "Intolerance", directed by D.W. Griffith.
The area's bathrooms are in the style of Frank Lloyd Wright's Storer House, in the Hollywood Hills area of Los Angeles. The stamped concrete structure is typical of Wright's pioneering design.

"A Bug's Land" is supposed to make guests feel as small as a bug, like the character of "Flik" from "A Bug's Life". Oversized human items are scattered around the land. This land features "Flik's Fun Fair," "It's Tough to be a Bug!" and the "Bountiful Valley Farm", based on the Disney-Pixar film "A Bug's Life". The land opened in 2002 and offers various kid-friendly attractions. Such attractions include Fliks Flyers, Francis' Ladybug Boogie, Tuck & Roll's Drive 'em Buggies, Heimlich's Chew Chew Train, and Dot's Puddle Park.

Many Disney characters can be found throughout the park, greeting visitors, interacting with children, and posing for photos. Some characters have specific areas where they are scheduled to appear, but can be found wandering as well.

"World of Color" is a new nighttime show at Disney California Adventure that was designed by Walt Disney Creative Entertainment. This show has more than 1200 fountains and includes lasers, lights, and fire with high-definition projections on mist screens similar to the ones used in Fantasmic! at Disneyland and Disney's Hollywood Studios at Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. The show is expected to change regularly and have special shows for Halloween and Christmas, says show creator Steve Davison.

"Pixar Play Parade" features floats and characters based on the Disney·Pixar films "Monsters Inc", "The Incredibles", "Ratatouille", "Finding Nemo", "A Bug's Life", and "Cars".

Disney's "ElecTRONica" is an interactive nighttime dance party in Hollywood Pictures Backlot. It is considered a similar experience to Glow Fest, which was staged in the same area in summer 2010, but this party is themed to Disney's new film, "". ElecTRONica features lights, music, projections, and more to promote the new film. Past performances from live DJs include: Giang Star (Fridays), Michael Paul (Saturdays), Adam Auburn (Sundays) and Josh Billings.

Disney’s California Adventure was expected to draw large crowds when it opened in 2001. A January 14, 2001, "Los Angeles Times" article titled "The most Jam-Packed Theme Park on Earth?" stated, "Senior Disney officials acknowledge that there will be days when California Adventure will have to turn patrons away, particularly in the first weeks after the park opens, during spring break and again in the summer." The actual attendance was not close to the size that Disney expected for the park back in 2001. It is the fourth Construction to get a construction opening, following Universal Studios Japan, Marina Bay Sands, and Six Flags Magic Mountain.

Various reasons for this have been suggested:







Disney's chief executive officer Bob Iger went on record during the company's annual stockholder meeting on March 10, 2006 when someone asked about a potential third park being built in Anaheim. "We're still working to assure the second gate is successful", Iger said, referring to California Adventure. "In the spirit of candor, we have been challenged."

On October 17, 2007, The Walt Disney Company announced a multi-year, $1.1 billion expansion plan for Disney's California Adventure Park. Current plans for the renovation and expansion are on display for park visitors inside the Blue Sky Cellar at the Golden Vine Winery. Disney listened to the public and several of the attractions which drew criticism from the public will be removed in the redesign and expansion. Other rides will be redesigned or replaced with a larger focus on Disney characters and stories. On May 28, 2010, it was announced through the Disney Parks Blog that the park would also be receiving a slight name change, to Disney California Adventure, as well as a new logo. The new name took effect on June 11, 2010, appearing on park maps and banners, but was first used in a commercial promoting "World of Color" a few days prior. World of Color premiered on June 11, 2010, as part of Disney's Summer Nighttastic. The park, along with Six Flags Discovery Kingdom, marks the first time Construction opening two parks in one year.


Ascorbic acid

Ascorbic acid is a sugar acid. It is white to light-yellow in colour, and comes in the form of crystals or powder. It is water-soluble. Ascorbic acid is one form of vitamin C, and was historically the first chemical compound to be synthesized, and identified, as vitamin C. The name is derived from a- (meaning "no") and scorbutus (scurvy), the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C.

Seneca Falls Convention

The Seneca Falls Convention was a meeting of people who supported Women's rights. It was at Seneca Falls, New York in on July 19 and July 20, 1848. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, a women's rights activist, wrote a "Declaration of Sentiments" that would list some things she believed and that would be talked about at the meaning. One of these ideas was that men and women are equal. Many of the people there were Quakers, which is a sect of Christianity. Over one hundred people who were there signed a document called the Seneca Falls Declaration. Both men and women signed it. One man at the meeting was Frederick Douglass.

Many women were upset that they did not have the same rights as men. They could not vote, sign contracts, or buy property. If they were married, they had to give any money they earned to their husbands. тhey also made less money than men.

The Golden Age of Grotesque

The Golden Age of Grotesque is the fifth studio album by American rock band, Marilyn Manson. It was released on May 13, 2003. The producers of the album were Marilyn Manson, Tim Sköld and Ben Grosse. The album was supposed to be Marilyn Manson's departure from music.

Eat Me, Drink Me

Eat Me, Drink Me is the sixth studio album by American rock band, Marilyn Manson. It was released on June 5, 2007. The producers of the album were Marilyn Manson and Tim Sköld. It was the last album to feature Tim Skold's contributions because he was replaced by Twiggy Ramirez in the following January.

The High End of Low

The High End of Low is the seventh studio album by American rock band, Marilyn Manson. It was released on May 20, 2009. The producers of the album were Sean Beavan, Marilyn Manson, Chris Vrenna and Jeordie White. Some critics said that they praised the album for showing a more human Manson after following his divorce, and is a return to the sound of the well-received Mechanical Animals.

James B. Dudley

James Benson Dudley (November 2, 1859 – April 4, 1925) was President of North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University from 1896 until his death in 1925. James B. Dudley High School in the town of Greensboro, North Carolina, where the Agricultural and Technical University is located, was named after Dudley because of his work for his community.

Dudley was born on November 2, 1859. Dudley was an infant slave, born into slavery; his parents were owned by Edward B. Dudley the Governor of North Carolina from 1836 to 1841. The governor had a great impact on Dudley. One of the governor's thoughts was that all people need to be educated. Dudley kept these ideas in mind, and they affected everything he did for the rest of his life.

Most of the schools in the area were closed after the American Civil War because there was not enough money. Dudley was not able to go to school until 1867 (age 8) when a private school opened. Dudley was one of the first students to enroll. Dudley later went to public schools when they opened in his area, and learned Latin. After going to public school, Dudley attended the Institute for Colored Youth in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. For college Dudley attended Shaw College in Raleigh, North Carolina. During his education he focused on learning to become an teacher. In 1880, at age 21, Dudley took the North Carolina state test needed to become a teacher, and passed. Later he attended Harvard summer school and gained an Master of Arts from Livingstone College and a doctorate degree from Wilberforce University.

Dudley worked as a teacher. He first taught in a first-grade classroom in Sampson County. The following year he became principal of Peabody Graded School in Wilmington, North Carolina in 1881. The school at this time was one of a few "very good public schools for African Americans" in the area. He spent the next 15 years teaching in Wilmington. He was also President of the State Teachers' Association For Negroes for six years.

He also worked editing and publishing the Wilmington Chronicle. He worked with the Chronicle for fifteen years. He was also register of deeds in Wilmington for a period of time, and organized the Perpetual Building and Loan Association.

For twenty years he was the foreign correspondent for the Grand Lodge of Masons. He also represented the Republican Party at several conventions. In 1896 he attended the Republican National Convention in St. Louis, Missouri. As an influential person in the Republican Party, as well as having connections with the Farmer's Alliance, he helped to pass a bill in 1891 that led to the establishment of The Agricultural and Mechanical College for the Colored Race, which was later renamed North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. In 1912 Dudley, along with the help of the director of the Agricultural Division of the college, Professor J.H. Bluford, organized the Farmers' Union and Co-operative Society. This group helped local unions in each county of the state. The aim of the society, which was said to have raised the living standards of African American farms in the area, was "to discourage the credit and mortgage system among Negro farmers in North Carolina; to assist them in the buying and selling of products; to control methods of production and distribution of farm products; and to secure uniform prices."

In 1895 the North Carolina Legislature appointed Dudley to the Board of Trustees for the College. Later that year he was made secretary of the Board, he was secretary until 1896 when the President John O. Crosby resigned. The next meeting of the Board of Trustees Dudley was voted by all of the members to become the 2 President of the College. While he served as President, Dudley focused on making the information taught more relevant. He believed that it was best to aim what was taught towards jobs that were currently available. He wanted to give the men and women who attended his college to be able to get jobs and "raise the standard of living among their people." he expanded the curriculum to include carpentry, wood turning, bricklaying, blacksmithing, animal husbandry, horticulture and floriculture, mattress and broom making, shoe making, poultry raising, tailoring, electrical engineering, and domestic science. Along with adding these specific classes Dudley also added an entire teaching department to the school, that taught pupils to be a teacher while placing special emphasis on "courtesy, manners, and an appreciation to culture in general." Dudley himself was praised for his politeness. He also added a summer school program to the college.

In 1915-1916 the school changed its name to "Agricultural and Technical College". The change was because the college did not have enough money. Dudley decided that the best way to fix all of the problems faced by the college was to change everything. The college did not have enough money because there were not enough students to support it. The problem was because many people wanted "a professional or classical education. Especially, many parents wished their sons to become preachers, lawyers, teachers, or physicians." Trying to solve this problem Dudley started offering "a course study suited to the ability and needs of students." Another one of the problems was that many opposed the fact that both men and women were taught together student body. As a result when the school reopened it was an all male school.

Dudley's career ended while he was principal at the college. In early April 1925, Dudley left the college due to sudden severe headaches to go home and rest. For several days Dudley was able to attend to his duties from his home, until he died on April 4, 1925, at the age of 65. Dudley was buried in the Pine Forest cemetery on the northern end of 16th street in Wilmington, his home town.

Duck and Cover

Duck and Cover is a suggested method of protection from nuclear weapons. Duck and Cover is a method where the person must lay face-forward towards a wall or under a table in the fetal position. Today it is used for earthquakes and tornadoes.



Schizophreniform disorder

Schizophreniform disorder is a mental illness. Usually, people suffering from this disorder show certain symptoms of schizophrenia, but they do not have all of them, or the symptoms are not present long enough. To be recognised as schizophrenia, the symptoms need to be present a full six months. If symptoms are not present for that time period, the illness may be classified as shizophreniform disorder.

The disorder can be treated in much the same way as schizophrenia. There are certain antipsychotic drugs and therapies that can help treat the symptoms.

Posidoniaceae

Posidoniaceae is a family of flowering plants. The APG II system classification accept this genus as constituting the sole genus which it places in the order Alismatales, in the clade monocots. 

Arma-Goddamn-Motherfuckin-Geddon

"Arma-Goddamn-Motherfuckin-Geddon" is a industrial rock song by the American rock band Marilyn Manson and is the first single from their seventh studio album "The High End of Low", which was released in 2009. There is a remix of the song by the Swedish rock band, Teddybears. The song reached number 37 on the U.S. Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks.

Geological formation

A formation, or rock formation, is the fundamental unit of lithostratigraphy. 

A formation consists of a certain number of rock strata. They have similar lithology (rocks), sedimentary facies (appearance) or other properties. Formations are not defined on the thickness of the rock strata, and the thickness of different formations can therefore vary widely.

The concept of formally defined layers or strata is central to stratigraphy. A formation can be divided into 'members' and are themselves packed together in 'groups'.

Formations were initially described as time markers, based on relative dating and the law of superposition. The divisions of the history of the Earth were the formations described and put in chronological order by the geologists and stratigraphers of the 18th and 19th centuries. 

Rock formations are formed by sedimentary deposition in environments which may persist for hundreds of millions of years. For example, the Hammersley Basin in Pilbara, Western Australia, is a Proterozoic sedimentary basin where up to 1200 million years of sedimentation is preserved intact. Here, up to 300 million years is represented by a single unit of banded iron formation and shale.


Laurie Holden

Heather Laurie Holden (born December 17, 1969) is an American- Canadian actress, model and human rights activist. She is the daughter of actors Lawrence Holden (aka Glenn Corbett) and Adrienne Ellis. Her stepfather is British director Michael Anderson. Laurie was born in Los Angeles and raised in Toronto. She began her career when she played Rock Hudson's daughter in "The Martian's Chronicles" (1980). Her best known roles are "Marita Covarrubias" in the movie/series "The X-Files" (1996-2002), Olivia Murray in "The Shield" (2008), and "Andrea" in "The Walking Dead" (2010-2013). She co-starred with Jim Carrey in "The Majestic" (2001), played Cybil Bennett in the horror movie "Silent Hill" (2006) and Amanda Dunfrey in "The Mist" (2007). In 2014, she starred to the comedy "Dumb and Dumber To", alongside Jim Carrey, Jeff Daniels and Kathleen Turner. In 2015, she appeared as Dr. Hannah Tramble, an ER surgeon, in the third season of "Chicago Fire". It was announced Holden would reprise her role as Dr. Tramble in a planted spinoff, "Chicago Med". Holden will co-star opposite Epatha Merkerson and Yaya Dacosta in the ensemble medical drama. The series is being conceived and written by "Chicago Fire" creators/executive producers Derek Haas and Michael Brandt.

Holden has dual citizenship - Canadian and American. Her year of birth is given as 1969 by some sources.

She was nominated to Gemini Awards in 1996 for "Due South" TV Series. In 2011, she was nominated to Saturn Awards and Scream Awards for "The Walking Dead". In 2013, she win the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress in Television.

Speed metal

Speed metal is an sub-genre of heavy metal music that originated in the late 1970s from NWOBHM and hardcore punk roots. It is described by "Allmusic" as "extremely fast, abrasive, and technically demanding" music.

Motörhead is often credited as the first band to invent/play speed metal. Some of speed metal's earlier influences include Deep Purple's "Fireball" and Queen's "Stone Cold Crazy" (which was eventually covered by the thrash metal band Metallica), from their 1974 album "Sheer Heart Attack", and Deep Purple's song "Highway Star", from their album "Machine Head". The latter was called 'early speed metal' by Robb Reiner of speed metal band Anvil. Led Zeppelin's "Communication Breakdown", first released in January 1969, could also be said to be an early template for speed metal as mentioned in Mac Randall's.

Speed metal eventually evolved into thrash metal. Although many tend to equate the two subgenres, there is a distinct difference between them. In his book "", Ian Christe states that "...thrash metal relies more on long, wrenching rhythmic breaks, while speed metal... is a cleaner and more musically intricate subcategory, still loyal to the dueling melodies of classic metal."

Peugeot 508

The Peugeot 508 is a car produced by Peugeot since 2010. It replaced both the smaller Peugeot 407 and the larger Peugeot 607. It got facelifted in 2015 and received a new generation in 2018.


Kingdom Hearts (video game)

Kingdom Hearts is the first game of the "Kingdom Hearts" series. It was made for PlayStation 2 and was released in Japan on March 28, 2002, and in North America on September 17, 2002.

In it, the player controls Sora, a 14-year-old boy living in his home island, but is sent to different worlds along with his friends after their world is destroyed. Along the way, he meets various Disney characters, like Donald Duck and Ariel, and "Final Fantasy" characters, like Cloud and Yuffie. Sora must save the worlds while searching for his friends.

Sora and his friends, Riku and Kairi, plan on leaving their homes on Destiny Islands to explore their world, but their plans are interrupted when their world is attacked by the Heartless; monsters who steal people's hearts. During the attack, Sora wields a weapon called a Keyblade. Their world is destroyed, and Sora, Riku and Kairi end up on different worlds. Sora accompanies Donald Duck and Goofy to find his lost friends, and they travel to worlds based on different Disney movies, including "Alice in Wonderland", "The Little Mermaid" and "The Nightmare Before Christmas". Sora learns later that Riku has sided with Darkness and kidnapped Kairi. Riku is possessed by a Heartless called Ansem, who wants to capture seven Princesses of Heart so he can open Kingdom Hearts, the heart of all worlds. Sora rescues Kairi and Riku and defeats Ansem. Kairi goes home to Destiny Islands, but Riku stays in Kingdom Hearts with King Mickey to defend it. Kingdom Hearts then disappears. Sora tells Kairi he will not come home until he finds Riku, and leaves with Donald and Goofy to start a new adventure.

In the game, there are fourteen different worlds. Sora, Donald and Goofy travel to twelve of them using a space ship called a Gummi Ship. The worlds are:

"Kingdom Hearts Final Mix" is a reissue of the game that was released only in Japan on December 26, 2002. It has more features than "Kingdom Hearts", including a battle with the Unknown Man, who is the main enemy in "Kingdom Hearts II". It is also for the PlayStation 2.


Till the World Ends

"Till the World Ends" is a 2011 single by Britney Spears. The song is second from her seventh studio album "Femme Fatale". The song was released on March 11, 2011.

Bill Bixby

Bill Bixby (born January 22, 1934 in San Francisco, California - November 21, 1993), was an American actor, director, and producer. He is known for the role of David Banner in the TV series "The Incredible Hulk".

Bixby died from complications of prostate cancer in Los Angeles on November 21, 1993. He was 59 years old.

Bill Bixby made the most of his career in television. His credits on the big screen include: "Irma la Douce" (1963), with Jack Lemmon, and directed by Billy Wilder; "Ride Beyond Vengeance" (1966), western starring Chuck Connors; and two movies starring Elvis Presley, "Clambake" (1967) and "Speedway" (1968). His first television series was "My Favorite Martian", playing the role of Tim O'Hara, and co-starring Ray Walston. The show aired on CBS from 1963 to 1966. Bixby continued to have success on television as the star of the ABC sitcom "The Courtship of Eddie's Father" (1969–1972), where he played a widower who cares for his young son played by Brandon Cruz. He also played in "The Magician" (1973–1974), as a famous magician Anthony Blake, who is also a detective. The biggest hit of his career would come in the late 1970s, playing the role of David Banner in CBS TV series "The Incredible Hulk" with Lou Ferrigno as the Hulk. The show is based on the character created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. After the success of the series, there were three movies filmed for television: "The Incredible Hulk Returns" (1988), directed by Nicholas Corea; "The Trial of the Incredible Hulk" (1989); and "The Death of the Incredible Hulk", directed by Bixby.

Bill Bixby was nominated for three Emmy Awards for his work in "The Courtship of Eddie's Father" (1969), "The Streets of San Francisco" (1972), and "Rich Man, Poor Man" (1976).



Radiation hardening

Radiation hardening is the designing of electronic parts and systems so they can withstand the damage done by ionizing radiation. Such radiation occurs in outer space and when flying at high altitudes in the Van Allen radiation belts. They also occur in nuclear explosions, and near nuclear reactors and other sources of radiation.

There are many techniques which can achieve hardening. The MRAM, Magnetoresistive random access memory, is proposed as the solution to long-lasting electronic memory. This is the heart of radiation resistance, because if the system memory is undamaged, the system can be rebooted.

Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories

Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories is the second game in the "Kingdom Hearts" series, and was released in Japan on November 11, 2004 and in North America on December 7, 2004. It was made for Game Boy Advance. 

The game begins with Sora, Donald and Goofy arrving in Castle Oblivion, where they visit recreations of the worlds they visited before. Each world is on a different floor, and as they move to higher floors, they lose their memories. They are replaced by new ones. When Sora forgets Kairi, she is replaced in his memory by a girl named Naminé. Sora encounters a group called Organization XIII. The group built Castle Oblivion to erase Sora's memories and trick him into joining them. In the end, Naminé tells Sora she erased his memories, and gives him the choice to keep his new memories or have his old ones restored. If his memory is fixed, he will forget everything that happened in Castle Oblivion. He chooses to get his old memories back and tells Naminé he could never forget her. His story ends with him being put to sleep, because it will take Naminé one year to restore his memories. After completing Sora's story, the player can play as Riku, who travels through Castle Oblivion's basement levels. Riku encounrters other members like Sora. Riku recalls what he did about Sora and resists Ansem's power.

"Kingdom Hearts Re:Chain of Memories" is a reissue of the game made for the PlayStation 2. It has added cutscenes and battles that were not in the Game Boy version of "Chain of Memories". It was released together with "Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix +" in Japan on March 29, 2007, and was released as a standalone title in North America on December 2, 2008.


Vic Hadfield

Victor Edward Hadfield (born October 4, 1940 in Oakville, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He is best known for playing with the New York Rangers where he is one of the most popular players in the history of the team. He also played with the Pittsburgh Penguins for the last three seasons of his career.

Marcus Krüger

Marcus Krüger (born 27 May, 1990 in Stockholm, Sweden) is an NHL ice hockey center that currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks. He has also played for the Djurgårdens IF of the SEL for 5 seasons before being recalled by the Blackhawks on March 23, 2011. He was drafted with the 149th overall pick in the 2009 NHL Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks. He signed a three-year contract with the Chicago Blackhawks in June 2010 but he decided to stay with Djurgården during the first year of the contract, later he was recalled from Djurgården to Chicago on 23 March 2011. He scored his first NHL goal in a 5-2 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets on October 29, 2011. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.


Cecil Browne

Cecil Browne (February 13, 1896 – August 13, 1985) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He played 13 games for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). Browne was named the "Manitoba's Athlete of the Century" in 1970. He quit playing professional hockey because of an injury. He was the AHA Scoring Champion in 1927, is an “Honoured Member” of the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame and was inducted into the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum in 1980.

Daniel Cleary

Daniel Michael Cleary (born December 18, 1978) is a former Canadian ice hockey left and right winger that played for the Detroit Red Wings. He also played for the Chicago Blackhawks for 2 seasons, the Edmonton Oilers for 4 seasons and the Phoenix Coyotes for 1 season. He was drafted with the 13th overall pick in the 1997 NHL Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks. He also played with the Belleville Bulls of the OHL.


Nolan Baumgartner

Nolan Baumgartner (born March 23, 1976 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman. He played a total of 12 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Washington Capitals for 4 seasons, the Chicago Blackhawks for 1 season, the Vancouver Canucks for 4 seasons, the Pittsburgh Penguins for 1 season, the Philadelphia Flyers for 1 season and the Dallas Stars for 1 season. He was drafted with the 10th overall pick in the 1994 NHL Draft by the Washington Capitals. He also played with the Kamloops Blazers of the WHL.

Rob Klinkhammer

Robert Klinkhammer (born August 12, 1986 in Lethbridge, Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He signed as a free agent with the Rockford IceHogs NHL affiliate, the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year entry level contract on June 8, 2009. He was called up by the Blackhawks on December 10, 2010, to replace an injured Patrick Kane and debuted in a home game against the Dallas Stars which they won. He was traded to the Ottawa Senators on December 2, 2011. He was signed by the Coyotes as a free agent on July 3, 2012, and played with their AHL farm team, the Portland Pirates during the 2012 NHL lockout.

Parchment

Parchment is a thin material made from animal skin. The most common use for parchment was as a material for writing on, for the pages of a book. It is different to leather in that parchment is limed but not tanned. The better qualities of parchment are named vellum.

David Mendes da Silva

David Mendes da Silva Gonçalves (born 4 August 1982 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch football player of Cape Verdean heritage. He plays as defender or defensive midfielder. He is known for his dribbling and his tackling.

He started his career with Sparta Rotterdam. He played with Rotterdam for five years. In 2003 he was on loan to Ajax Amsterdam for part of the season. His next team was NAC Breda. He played with them for two years. From 2006 till 2010 he played for AZ Alkmaar. Under coach Louis van Gaal he reached the Dutch Championship in the 2008/09 season and the UEFA Champions League. He scored the 1:1 in the away match versus Arsenal London in minute 93 on 20th October 2009. In 2010 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

AZ Alkmaar


Hurricane Igor

Hurricane Igor was a destructive tropical cyclone which passed by Bermuda and struck the Island of Newfoundland. This storm was a powerful Category Four hurricane with winds as high as 155 miles per hour. Igor brushed Bermuda as a minor hurricane with minimal damage. In Newfoundland, however, the storm caused $200 million in damage, making Igor the most destructive Atlantic tropical cyclone on record to strike the region. The name Igor was retired and replaced by Ian for the 2016 Atlantic season.

Arthur Young (police officer)

Colonel Sir Arthur Edwin Young, KBE, CMG, CVO, KStJ, KPM (15 February 1907 – 20 January 1979) was a British police officer. He was Commissioner of Police of the City of London from 1950 to 1971 and was also the first head of the Royal Ulster Constabulary to be called the Chief Constable, instead of Inspector-General. Young helped create the post of Chief Inspector of Constabulary.

In the early 1950s, he played a crucial role in policing decolonisation in the British Empire, and developed a model of public service policing that was not liked by everyone in some colonies but which time has shown to have been a good idea. During the 1960s, he led the way in modernising British police recruitment and in improving the training of senior officers.

Young was born in Eastleigh, Hampshire, the third of four children of Edwin Young (1878–1936), a builder and contractor, and his wife Gertrude Mary (née Brown; 1880–1945). He went to school in Southsea from 1912 to 1915 and then Portsmouth Grammar School from 1915 to 1924. He was not very good at school, but liked the Officers' Training Corps; later he returned to present prizes and told the pupils that his parents would have been very surprised to see him in the hall on speech day because he had never come close to winning any school award.

Aged sixteen, he left to join the Portsmouth Borough Police, against his family's wishes. His mother and grandmother never approved because they thought the police an unsuitable career for a young man from an middle-class family. When his maternal aunt Emma Brown married Superintendent Samuel Bowles of the Hampshire Constabulary, she made him resign.

Young's father's business partner Alderman Sir John Henry Corke (1850–1927) helped Young get his first job in the Chief Constable's office (the post of Cadet Clerk was specially created for him) in December 1924. On the advice of Thomas Davies, the Chief Constable, he first took a course in business and accountancy.

Made a Constable in May 1925, he became the Coroner's Officer in April 1932. In June 1932, aged 25, he became the youngest Detective Sergeant in the United Kingdom, serving with the Northern Division CID. While he was there, he led investigations into murder, blackmail, fraud and arson. He headed the enquiries into the UK's first case of manslaughter arising from the use of an aeroplane.

At the same time he got more involved in the many royal visits to Portsmouth. When Haile Selassie visited the dockyard in September 1937, he acted as his personal escort and French interpreter. During these years, Young was also entrusted with what he later called "enquiries concerning the activities of subversive persons and propaganda, and also with other matters affecting state security" - looking for spies. It was also during these years that he acquired his passion for ever better police equipment and his personal love of new gadgets.

Young was promoted to Inspector (equivalent to Lieutenant in US police forces) in June 1937 and appointed to Portsmouth's Southern Division. In Eastney and Southsea, he first had to deal with the problems created by traffic, including ways for its efficient control and of the need to promote road safety. Young was a keen motorist, who moved from a motorcycle to a series of fast cars.

Young was qualifiedor promotion, but for someone who did not graduate the Hendon Police College and did not go to a public school, his promotion over the next dozen years was meteoric for the 1930s and 1940s.

Young wanted to head his own force and tried to become chief constable of the Isle of Wight Constabulary, before he became Acting Chief Constable of Leamington Spa Borough Police in September 1938, aged 31, at a salary of £500 per annum. One year later, he was appointed to the permanent post of Chief Constable. He was one of the youngest men ever to become a Chief Constable. In his first nine months in Leamington he persuaded the council to hire an extra twelve officers, the first increase since 1915. This meant he had 57 police officers to cover all of Leamington Spa.

He also reorganised the borough's fire brigade, and, among other police innovations, set up twelve of "police pillars", a network of two-way microphone handsets across the borough so that the public could contact police stations and civil defence posts directly. The base of the pillar contained first aid equipment while, a Leamington innovation, a flashing red light on the top called up policemen on patrol.

From November 1940 he was seconded by the Home Office for six months to Coventry after its blitz. He ran the city's police because the Chief Constable was fully occupied as Civil Defence Controller Young started the "good neighbour scheme" for bombed out civilians that he had trialled in Leamington and which was later adopted nationally by the Home Office.

Leamington's was a very small force and for a year his command was only "acting" so, from the start, Young was looking for a permanent as well as a larger command. After several unsuccessful applications (the East Riding of Yorkshire Constabulary in 1939, Portsmouth City Police in 1940, Oxford City Police in 1940), in September 1941 he was selected from a short-list of six as Senior Assistant Chief Constable of Birmingham City Police, then the second-largest police force in the UK; the salary was £1,000 p.a. He was to be responsible for training and communications - both things he was good at.

In Birmingham he started to experiment with police training. Learning by example and by demonstration is common now, but in 1941 it was a new idea and it caught the approving eye of the Home Office. He also made Birmingham the foremost British force in the use of police wireless by establishing in 1942 a "duplex" ultra high-frequency two-way radio telephone system linking every police station and every police car.

In February 1943 Young was one of the chief constables sent to the War Office Civil Affairs Training Centre for the first course for senior officers. Before the course was finished, he was transferred to the instructing staff and in June 1943 he was appointed the first commandant of the new Police Civil Affairs Training Centre at Peel House in London (with a rank as if he was a Lieutenant-Colonel in the army). He had to set up the training school for policemen and provost officers (military police) who would keep law and order in Axis territory as it was liberated by advancing Allied forces. Just after the centre was opened and its first students through their course, Young was made a Colonel and moved from the classroom in July 1943 to be Senior British Police Officer in the Mediterranean Theatre, stationed in North Africa awaiting the invasion of Sicily.

Young went ashore on day two of the invasion, and became Director of Public Safety in the first functioning Allied military government - the Allied Control Commission for Italy; in December 1943 he was given the additional role of Director of Security, responsible directly to the Commander-in-Chief for hunting saboteurs and enemy agents as well as the removal of fascist officials from public offices. In Italy, Young commanded not just British officers but the 120,000 men of the entire Italian police and had responsibility for all Italian prisons, fire brigades and civil defence. The models Young developed in Italy were later applied across Allied occupied Europe in 1944–1945, but his proudest achievement was the restoration and reorganisation of the Carabinieri, with whom he maintained an association for the rest of his life. He also fell in love with Italy, returning regularly and frequently holidaying in Positano and visiting his wartime friend Colonel Alfredo "Freddy" Zanchino of the Carabinieri.

Young became Chief Constable of Hertfordshire Constabulary in 1944 (but released from the army only in April 1945). He was in charge of 515 officers at a salary of £1,290. Still aged only 38, he had twenty-one years of experience of small, medium and large city and borough forces. From Hertfordshire, he set the pace in revitalising county police forces, pushing his police authority to spend a lot of money to improve officers' pay and conditions.

Police housing was one of the outstanding issues of the time. Young persuaded his police authority to fund a building programme so that in six years every married man in the county force would have a police house; the design and equipping of these houses was agreed between the county architects and a "housing committee", recruited through the county Police Federation, not only of men of all ranks but, at Young's insistence, of officers' wives. In 1946, he wrote:

He also persuaded his authority to buy new equipment because he wanted a modern, efficient police force. The Home Office allowed Hertfordshire to be the first force after the war to introduce a wireless system - Young adapted from his Birmingham model for rural use. To make it as effective as possible, the Home Office accepted his idea that the wireless network cover more than one county so the neighbouring county force of Bedfordshire was added.

Almost at the same time, Young was appointed by the Home Office to a committee chaired by Sir Percy Sillitoe, Chief Constable of Kent, to see if all forces needed wireless networks.

His time at Hertfordshire also saw the start of a professional relationship with James Callaghan. They already knew each other from Portsmouth, where their mothers had both worked at Agnes Weston's Sailors Rest; Callaghan had tried unsuccessfully to court Young's sister, Eileen. Callaghan was now a junior minister at the Ministry of Transport. They met up with each other again on a road safety committee and became working allies to extend speed restrictions and improve road markings; cat's eyes were perhaps the most significant fruit of their labours. They worked together again when Callaghan was Home Secretary and it was Callaghan who selected Young to go to Ulster in 1969 to implement the Hunt Report.

Hertfordshire showed that Young wanted to be a chief police officer who made things happen. He applied unsuccessfully to be chief constable of Kent in 1946, but his next job was offered to him. So impressed was Home Secretary James Chuter Ede, he appointed Young to the vacant post of Assistant Commissioner "D" of the Metropolitan Police in London, in charge of organisation, recruitment, training and communications. To bring in an outsider to such a rank in the Met was unprecedented. The Home Secretary knew that the nation's police forces were stuck to old ways and needed the shake-up that the young chief constable had already delivered in Hertfordshire; Scotland Yard must not be left out. Things, however, did not go well. The Commissioner, Sir Harold Scott, tolerated him (although he was an outsider too), but senior colleagues cold-shouldered him. Within "D" Department, Young delivered all the Home Secretary had hoped for, a success that only alienated the hierarchy even further.

In March 1950 Young became the first former constable to be appointed Commissioner of Police of the City of London. He built up his reputation as "the policeman's policeman". Improved pay and conditions and professional standards remained his constant pre-occupations. The police under his command found him forceful but gracious, intolerant of failings in himself as well as others. In all his forces, he was popular with all ranks under his command.

Young came to love the City of London. He relished command of a force small enough to know every constable well. He enjoyed the City's rich social life too, and he much valued the invitation to join the Goldsmiths Company. The police needed to recruit and with considerable success he set about making service more attractive. Pay and allowances were increased, housing modernised, and catering improved. Uniforms were made more comfortable and practical.

At another level, he pushed through changes in career structures. He engineered a national recruitment revolution in the British police, running command courses and seeing through a fast-track entry scheme to attract graduates - and for many years he was director of extended interviews for the Senior Command Course that he had founded. These and other changes were designed to make possible the promotion of talented people. Young realised that the police could no longer rely on habits little changed for a century. He fought for the recruitment and promotion of women. He resisted the well-ingrained tradition of bringing senior officers from the armed forces into police commands; and only with great reluctance did he give in to the demand from the Hertfordshire police committee that he use his wartime military rank. He sternly opposed Lord Trenchard's officer-class way of thinking as wholly inappropriate for the British police service. He wanted to follow Sir Robert Peel's intention that the police be "filled from the bottom up". The young man whose own family had thought that being a policeman was far from suitable dedicated his own long career to making the police a respected and attractive profession.

Young's lobby of the 1960 Royal Commission on the Police overcame Home Office objections to a strengthened police inspectorate, although Sir Charles Cunningham blocked Young's selection as inaugural first Chief Inspector of Constabulary.

In November 1969 (until 1970) Young was seconded to be the last Inspector-General and the first Chief Constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary. James Callaghan, then Home Secretary, sent him to carry out the Hunt Report, which introduced the standard British rank system for police officers in Northern Ireland and disbanded the controversial Ulster Special Constabulary.

He chaired the Police Council for the UK, the Association of Chief Police Officers training centres committee and the education committee of the National Police Fund. He was a governor of the Police College and of Atlantic College, and a member of the committees of the Police Advisory Board, the National Police Fund, the Royal Humane Society, the National Rifle Association, the National Scout Council and the Thames Group Hospitals. He was President of the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) in 1962.

One feature of Young's career was as a police reformer in colonial hotspots. He had four such missions:


Young was brought up in a household with strong Anglican evangelical beliefs (the family attended St Jude's, Southsea for matins and evensong every Sunday as well as week-day meetings). He also patrolled Portsmouth's slums and docks as a young constable, and this had an effect on Young. Guided by his curate, the Reverend Frederick Dillistone, later Dean of Liverpool, he decided that he must seek ordination (become a priest). The Bishop of Portsmouth, Neville Lovett, however, rejected his application to attend theological college, telling him at interview that "policemen do not become priests". Although later in life Young would drift away from regular worship, the impact of Portsmouth on his world-view never shifted. Shocked by the poverty and injustice which he discovered, Young became a staunch Christian socialist and, very rare for a chief constable, a lifelong Labour Party voter. Throughout his career, he sought out contact with clergymen and in the later 1960s, encouraged by the Bishop of London, again considered Anglican ordination.

Young married three times. On 11 April 1939, at Boarhunt parish church, Hampshire, he married Ivy Ada May Hammond (born 20 December 1909), a nurse from the Royal Portsmouth Hospital whom he had courted for years - custom then dictated lengthy enagements and police pay then was very low. She died of cancer on 14 September 1956. They had one son, Christopher John Young, born in 1941.

Young married Mrs Margaret Furnival Homan, née Dolphin, in 1957. The marriage fell apart quickly and they separated. She committed suicide in Malta in 1966.

On 16 April 1970, he married Mrs Ileen Fryer Turner (née Rayner, born 19 April 1914), whom he had known since she was his police driver in Birmingham during the war and who at one time had been the mistress of his great friend Sir Edward ('Ted') Dodd, Chief Constable of Birmingham and later Chief Inspector of Constabulary. She died on 31 December 2002. In the 1980s, she declined a proposal of marriage from Sir Graham Shillington, Young's successor as Chief Constable of the RUC.

Young's career made him the most decorated policeman of his era. Young was awarded the King's Police Medal (KPM) in 1952 and was appointed Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in 1953 and Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (CVO) in 1962. He was knighted in 1965 and appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in 1971.



He was also Honorary Police Commissioner of New York City.

Speed of Sound (roller coaster)

Speed of Sound is a Boomerang coaster in Walibi Holland in the Netherlands. It is manufactured by Vekoma and opened in 2000 as "La Via Volta". It operated until 2007 when the park announced it would be shut down. In the same year, the train was sold to Pleasurewood Hills to be operating on Wipeout, also a boomerang coaster. On January 30, 2011, Walibi World announced that the roller coaster will reopen in 2011, with a new style train from Vekoma. The coaster was renamed to Speed of Sound and the track was painted orange.
The coaster also has a unique tunnel on the lift hill where the train go through before starting the ride.


Royal Victorian Order

The Royal Victorian Order is a British honour. It is given by The King, to people who have served him, or his Monarchy personally. Like the Orders of the Garter and Thistle, the Prime Minister does not suggest who should get the honour.

The Order was created in April 1896, by Queen Victoria, as a way of rewarding personal service to her. Today, people receive their award either privately from The King or another member of the Royal Family, or during an investiture.

Often, and on a State Visit, the King will invest people in the country visited before returning to the UK. The British Ambassador and others who have helped the Visit may be rewarded, as can foreigners, and it is often awarded by the Sovereign during official tours overseas.

The first foreigners to get the Order were the Prefect of Alpes Maritimes and the Mayor of Nice, during Queen Victoria's visit to the south of France, in 1896.

The Chapel of the Order is The King's Chapel of the Savoy, a 'Royal peculiar', which for historic reasons is in the private possession of the Sovereign, in his or her right as the Duke of Lancaster.

The Savoy Chapel is not very big, so now, the service for those who have been given the award is held in St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, every four years.

Many members of the Royal Family have been given the award, along with many other recipients, who include servants of The King, who have served the Monarchy for many years.

The motto is "Victoria".

In order, the ranks are:

The Royal Victorian Medal was set up at the same time as the order. It is for personal service to the Sovereign or the Royal Family, and as a mark of royal esteem. 

Although the Medal is related to the Royal Victorian Order, it differs in appearance and in the way it is worn. The Medal is given to civilians and non-commissioned military personnel, often to people who have worked for the Sovereign for a long time.

Santa's Little Helper

Santa's Little Helper is a fictional character in "The Simpsons". Santa's Little Helper is a greyhound and is the Simpson family pet dog. He first appeared in the episode, Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire where he was working as a race dog at a dog track and was abandoned by his owner after he finished in last place. He is then adopted by Homer and Bart. He is orange and brown colored. In the episode, The Canine Mutiny he was shortly abandoned by Bart after Bart gets a new dog named "Laddie" (a parody of Lassie) with his credit card and the repo-men took him but is then re-adopted by Bart after he gets bored of Laddie and goes to search for Santa's Little Helper who was at the time working as a seeing-eye dog for a blind man.

Snowball (The Simpsons)

Snowball is a fictional character in "The Simpsons". Snowball is the Simpson family's pet cat. She first appeared in the episode, I, (Annoyed Grunt)-Bot. There have been five cats in the Simpson's family and the current cat is named Snowball V (later renamed Snowball II). The first version of Snowball was killed when it was run over by a Chrysler. The second version of Snowball named Snowball II was killed by Dr. Hibbert's Mercedes-Benz G500. The third version of Snowball was a male cat named Snowball III and was killed when he drowned after he tried to catch a goldfish in the aquarium while Lisa was in the kitchen preparing his cat food for the first time. The fourth cat was named Coltrane and was also known as Snowball IV, she was killed when she jumped out the window after being scared by Lisa's saxophone. Snowball doesn’t know basic addition. The cats were not all the same color; some were white, some were black, another one looked like Bart. They all died except for Snowball 5, the newest cat, which was given to Lisa by the crazy cat lady.

Order of Canada

The Order of Canada was set up in 1967 by Queen Elizabeth II, to reward service to Canada. 

It is at the top of Canada’s honours system. It has three classes or ranks to recognize a lifetime of outstanding achievement, dedication to the community and service to the nation.

Only Canadian citizens can have the award, but every year up to five foreigners can be given an honorary award. 

The Order of Canada’s motto is ().

Given to recognize a lifetime of outstanding achievement and merit of the highest degree, especially in service to Canada or to humanity at large.

For a lifetime of achievement and merit of a high degree, especially in service to Canada or to humanity at large.

A Member of the Order of Canada has a lifetime of distinguished service in or to a particular community, group or field of activity

Appointments to the order are usually announced twice a year, at the end of December (the New Year's Honours List) and at the end of June to mark Canada Day. This is the same system as in the United Kingdom, except the Queen's Official Birthday at the beginning of June is marked instead.

Only a certain number of appointments can be made each year:

Barry Enright

Barry R. Enright (born March 30, 1986 in Stockton, California) is an American baseball player. He plays Pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks of Major League Baseball (MLB). He also played college baseball at Pepperdine University. He was drafted 2007 amateur draft in the second round by the Arizona Diamondbacks.


Dnepropetrovsk maniacs

The Dnepropetrovsk maniacs is a media name for two serial killers from Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine, who caused 21 murders in June and July 2007. The murderers are named Viktor Sayenko (born March 1, 1988) and Igor Suprunyuck (born April 20, 1988). They gained notoriety when a video recording of one of the murders was leaked to the internet. The video on the internet is often called "3guys1hammer". Sayenko and Suprunyuck were charged with murder after they were arrested. Alexander Hanzha, one of their friends, was charged with two robberies that took place before the murder spree. They were all found guilty by a court in February 2009, and Suprunyuck and Sayenko were sentenced to life imprisonment. Hanzha received nine years in prison.

The leaked internet video shows the murder of a 48-year-old man named Sergei Yatzenko. He is shown lying on his back in a wooded area, and is struck many times in the face with a hammer that is held inside a yellow plastic bag. Suprunyuck pokes out Yatzenko's eyes, and stabs him in the abdomen with a screwdriver. He is then struck with the hammer again in order to ensure that he is dead. The attack lasts over four minutes, during which the victim slips in and out of consciousness. During the video, Suprunyuck is shown smiling at the camera.


Apterygota

The Apterygota are a small subclass of primitive insects.

They are insects which have never had wings at any time in their evolutionary history. Their first known occurrence in the fossil record is in the Rhynie chert of the Devonian period, ~400 million years ago. While some other insects, such as fleas, also lack wings, these are descended from winged insects, and have lost them during the course of evolution. By contrast, the apterygotes are a primitive group of insects that diverged from other orders before wings evolved.

They have some other primitive traits (features).
The nymphs (younger stages) go through little or no metamorphosis, so they look like the adults. They continue to moult throughout life, with multiple instars (stages) after reaching sexual maturity. All other insects have only a single sexually mature adult stage. Their skin is thin, making them appear translucent. Males deposit sperm packages rather than fertilising the female internally.

Currently, no species are listed as being at conservation risk.

The classification of the Apterygota changed over time. By the mid 20th century, the subclass included four orders (Collembola, Protura, Diplura, and Thysanura). With the advent of a more rigorous cladistic methodology, the subclass turned out to be paraphyletic. The first three groups formed a monophyletic group, the Entognatha. The Thysanura is more closely related to winged insects. thus rendering even the amyocerate apterygotes paraphyletic.

Some think the Collembola are no longer insects at all, but their position is not yet clear.


Psalms 152–155

Pslams 152-155 are psalms of the Bible that only exist in the Syriac language translation of the Bible, which is commonly known as Peshitta. Psalms 154 and 155 also exist in a Hebrew version in the Dead Sea Scrolls. Together with Psalm 151, which only exists in some versions of the Septuagint, these psalms are sometimes called the 'Five Apocryphal Psalms of David'.

Tiryns

Tiryns () was an ancient Greek acropolis (city). The remains are in the Peloponnese, a large peninsula and region in southern Greece, near to Nauplion. Heinrich Schliemann excavated Tiryns in 1885 and 1886. Tiryns is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, listed with Mycenae.


Siberian roe deer

The Siberian roe deer or eastern roe deer ("Capreolus pygargus") is a species of roe deer found in northeastern Asia. In addition to Siberia and Mongolia, it is found in Kazakhstan, the Tian Shan Mountains, Eastern Tibet, the Korean peninsula, and northeastern China. 

Angel of the North

The Angel of the North is a sculpture that is in Gateshead, England. It was made by the English sculptor Anthony Gormley. It was built in 1994 and was finished in 1998. It is made from copper, concrete and weathering steel.

North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University

North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University (abbreviated to NC A&T or A&T) is a university located in Greensboro, North Carolina, United States of America. The current chancellor of North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University is Harold L. Martin Senior.

Bagdad, Kentucky

Bagdad is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Kite surfing

Kite surfing or Kite boarding is a kind of water sports that uses the wind to pull a rider on the water surface on a small surfboard or a kiteboard. There are a number of different styles of kiteboarding.

A "kitesurfer" or "kiteboarder" uses a board with or without foot-straps or bindings, combined with the power of a large controllable kite to propel the rider and the board across the water. In 2006, the number of kitesurfers has been estimated at around 150,000 to 210,000, with 114,465 inflatable kites sold that same year. Various surfing styles have appeared to suit both kitesurfers and conditions, such as "waveriding", "freestyle", "freeride", "jumping", and "cruising".

Warne, North Carolina

Warne (sounds like worn) is an unincorporated community in Clay County, North Carolina, United States. In 2008, Clay County was one of the least populated counties in North Carolina. About 10,389 people live there. Like many other areas in the southern United States, there are many more people there than there used to be. 18.4% more people live there since 2000. Warne is closer to the capitals of six other states than to Raleigh, which is the capital of North Carolina.

Warne is 1,736 feet (529 m) above sea level. It has an area of . Although it is unincorporated, it has a volunteer fire department and a post office, with the ZIP code of 28909.

Before people moved there, Clay County was home to the Cherokee Indians. They were a tribe of Native Americans that lived in Southeastern United States (mainly in Georgia, the Carolinas and Eastern Tennessee) They were one of the "Five Civilized Tribes" because they adopted European-American culture and technology.

In 1791, Colonel David Vance and General William Lee Davidson made a petition to the North Carolina House of Commons that said "the people of Burke County west of the Appalachian Mountains want to be part of a new county. Part of Rutherford County would be made into a separate and distinct county." Originally, the new county would be called Union, but was changed to Buncombe in honor of Col. Edward Buncombe, a Revolutionary War hero.

The Bill was ratified (made into law) on January 14, 1792. The new county included most of Western North Carolina and was so large people sometimes called it the "State of Buncombe." About 1,000 people lived in the county.

In 1808, the western part of Buncombe County was separated to make Haywood County. The bill became law on December 23, 1808 and was official in March 1809.

In 1838, Macon County was formed from the Western side of Haywood County. 11 years later, part of Macon County made Cherokee County.
In 1861, Part of Cherokee County formed Clay County, the last County Warne is in.

Warne is served by the Clay County Sheriff's Office which is in Hayesville, North Carolina.

According to the 2009 Crime Rate Index, Warne got a personal crime risk score of 23. Warne also scored a property crime risk of 45. The average for the United States is 100.

According to the 2000 Census, there were 573 people living in Warne. There were 71.17 people per square mile (27.48/km2). 98.3% of people living in warn are White. 1.4% of people in Warne are black.

The middle house value in Warne is $81,300.00

12.1% of people over 16, are employed in management. 17.1% are employed in the service industry. 32.5% are employed in sales or office industries. 15.7% are employed in construction, extraction and maintenance. 22.5% are employed in production and transportation.

1.9% make less than $10,000 per year. 36.9% make between $15,000 and $24,999 per year. 16.8% make between $50,000 and $74,999 per year and 20.1% make between $35,000 and $49,999 per year. 22% make between $50,000 and $74,999 per year while the remaining 2.3% make over $75,000 per year.

8.4% of Warne individuals are unemployed and 3.9% living below poverty. Median household income is $33,120.

Warne is in close to many schools and colleges including Young Harris College, in Young Harris, Georgia, Tri-County Community College in Peachtree, North Carolina, John C. Campbell Folk School in Brasstown, North Carolina, and Georgia Mountain Research and Education Center near Blairsville, Georgia.

The public school system (Clay County Schools) is run by the Clay County Board of Education with superintendent Scott Penland. The school system is small with only about 1,250 students attending the school. All schools are accredited by the North Carolina State Board of Education and Hayesville High School is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. Test scores are unfailingly in the top 10% of all North Carolina Schools.

Hayesville Elementary School covers grades K-4 and has 450 students. It has been rated Exemplary every year since the ABC's began.

Hayesville Middle School covers grades 5-8 with about 400 students. It has been classified as either a School of Distinction or School of Excellence every year since the ABC's began.

Hayesville High School covers grades 9-12 with about 400 students. It has the best SAT scores of any school in the area.

Warne sits on Old Hwy 64, which connects between Hayesville, North Carolina, and the Murphy Hospital in Peachtree, North Carolina. Young Harris Road connects Warne to State Road 515 in Young Harris, Georgia.

Western Carolina Regional Airport , known locally as the Murphy Airport, Andrews Airport, or Murphy-Andrews Airport, is about twenty miles (32 km) north of Warne between the cities of Andrews, North Carolina and Murphy, North Carolina.

Warne is also close to Blairsville Airport . It is about 16.8 miles (27 km) southwest of Warne, near Blairsville, Georgia

Warne is in the Southeastern United States in the southwestern portion of the North Carolina State, about halfway between Atlanta, GA. and Knoxville, TN. The location in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Appalachia, has helped the community retain a rural character, surrounded by wildlife such as bear, deer, fox and recently reintroduced elk.

According to the United States Census Bureau, Warne has a total area of and is 15 minutes north of Brasstown Bald, the tallest mountain in Georgia at 4,784 feet above sea level.

Warne has a humid subtropical climate, (Cfa) according to the Köppen classification, with hot, humid summers and mild, but occasionally cold winters by the standards of the southern United States.

July highs average 85 °F (29 °C) or above, and lows average 55 °F (12.8 °C). Infrequently, temperatures can even exceed 100 °F (38 °C). January is the coldest month, with an average high of 48 °F (9 °C), and low of 33 °F (.6 °C).

Like the rest of the southeastern U.S., Warne receives abundant rainfall, which is relatively evenly distributed throughout the year. Average annual rainfall is 55.9 inches (1,420 mm). Blizzards are rare but possible; one nicknamed the 1993 Storm of the Century hit the entire Eastern United States in March, 1993.

Climate Data for Warne
Warne is in the Brasstown Township of Clay County. It is surrounded by many places of cultural significance. One is the John C. Campbell Folk School, which offers weekly and weekend classes in traditional and contemporary crafts such as basketry.

'Possum Drop, is an annual New Year's celebration held at a local gas station called Clay's Corner, which celebrates every New Year's by dropping a live opossum in a plexiglass pyramid from the roof of the store. They also hold the annual Miss Possum Queen, have many snacks and beverages, and Bluegrass Music.

The Bi-annual Celebration of Flight Airshow, at the Andrews-Murphy Airport, is a huge presentation of aircraft, both vintage and hi-tech. There are many vendors that sell food, drink, and other festivities.

Warne is a very rural town, surrounded by wildlife, countryside, and national forests. It is north of the Nantahala National Forest, 1.8 miles (2.9 km) north of the Chattahoochee National Forest, 5.5 miles (8.8 km) west of Chatuge Lake, 11.8 miles (19 km) northeast of Nottely Lake, and about 15 miles (24.1 km) west of the Appalachian Trail, a 2,178 mile (3,505 km) long hiking trail that runs from Georgia to New York.

Rollins Planetarium is on the Young Harris College Campus in Young Harris, Georgia, and offers 30 shows a year. If the sky is clear, the Young Harris College Observatory is open immediately following planetarium shows. The observatory features a Schmidt-Cassegrain telescope and is about 1.5 miles from campus at Twiggs Overlook on the exit road leading from Brasstown Valley Resort.

There are several WhiteWater Rafting guides and tours in northeast Cherokee County, Including Carolina Outfitters, Rafting America, and White Water.

Historically, religion has been a very important part of Appalachian life. Christianity, like much of the rest of the Southern United States, is very predominant in Warne and the surrounding communities. Baptist Christian faiths are well represented here. Some local Churches are Mount Pisgah Baptist Church, Shady Grove Church and Copperhill Church.
Warne and the surrounding area is served by a few local television stations, many local radio stations that serve several genres of music including sports, news and talk radio in addition to three local papers.

The notable television stations in Warne include W50AB (Channel 50) based in Hiawassee, Georgia, W42AT (Channel 42) based in Hayesville, North Carolina and W31AN (Channel 31) Based in Murphy, North Carolina

Warne is also served by 11 local radio stations. WCVP-AM (600), WCNG-FM (102.7), and WKRK-AM (1320) are based in Murphy, North Carolina. WACF-FM (95.1) and WYHG-AM (770) are based in Young Harris, GA. WCVP-FM (95.9) in Robbinsville, WGHC-AM (1400) in Clayton, Georgia and WFSC-AM (1050), WPFJ-AM (1480), WFQS-FM (91.3), and WNCC-FM (96.7) based in Franklin, North Carolina.

The most important newspaper in Clay County is the Clay County Progress which, in addition to Clay County, covers Cherokee County, North Carolina and Towns County, Georgia. Two other notable newspapers are the Cherokee Scout and the Towns County Herald.


Wind engineering

Wind engineering studies effects of wind on the buildings and its possible damage or problems to their inhabitants. From the point of structural engineering, it is interested in strong winds, which may cause discomfort, as well as extreme winds, such as in a tornado, hurricane or heavy storm, which may cause widespread destruction. 

Wind engineering needs information from meteorology, fluid dynamics, mechanics, and a number of special engineering disciplines including aerodynamics, and structural dynamics. The tools may also include atmospheric models, atmospheric boundary layer, wind tunnels and computational fluid dynamics models.



Vinnie Vincent

Vinnie Vincent (born Vincent John Cusano; August 6, 1952) is an American guitarist and songwriter. He is best known for being a former member of the band Kiss. He was also the leader of his own band, Vinnie Vincent Invasion.

Vincent began his career in the early 1970s, playing guitar in local bands including Hunter and Treasure. In early 1980, Vinnie Vincent moved to Los Angeles, California, where he began composing songs for ABC TV series Happy Days. Vinnie Vincent shot to fame in 1982 replacing the guitarist Ace Frehley in the hard rock band Kiss. Was large the contribution to the band co-wrote the songs I Love It Loud, Killer, I Still Love You, of Album Creatures of the Night. For legal reasons Frehley appeared on the album cover and I Love It Loud video. In 1983, he recorded with Kiss the Album Lick It Up, where he co-wrote the themes Lick It Up, Exciter, Not for the Innocent, Young and Wasted, Gimme More, All Hell's Breakin' Loose, A Million to One, And on the 8th Day. After several tours with the group left the band in 1984, and was replaced by guitarist Mark St. John. In 1992 he returned to work with the band to co-write the lyrics of the album Revenge.

In 1984 Vincent, formed the Glam metal band Vinnie Vincent Invasion, with Vinnie Vincent in guitar, Robert Fleischman vocal, Dana Strum in Bass, and Bobby Rock in Drums.
They recorded three albums Vinnie Vincent Invasion (1986), All Systems Go (1988), and the 1990 unreleased album Pyro Messiah aka Guitars From Hell. The band disbanded in 1989.

In the decade of 1990, Vincent was dedicated to his solo career and recorded the album Euphoria, 1996, with vocalist Robert Fleischman. Also released the album in the collection Speedball Jamm (2001), which were recordings of Vinnie Vincent Invasion, recorded during rehearsals for the band in 1986.



Manhattan Chess Club

The Manhattan Chess Club is the second-oldest chess club in the United States (after the Mechanics' Institute Chess Club in San Francisco). The club was founded in 1877 and permanently closed in 2002.

Dokken

Dokken is an American Heavy metal band that was formed in 1978. The group accumulated numerous charting singles and has sold more than 10 million albums worldwide.The band was nominated for a Grammy.

Dokken was composed of founder Don Dokken on vocals, George Lynch on lead guitars, Juan Croucier on bass, and "Wild" Mick Brown on drums. In 1983 Croucier left Dokken in order to join Ratt and was replaced by Jeff Pilson. Currently, Dokken and Brown remain from the original line-up. After several personnel changes on guitar, Dokken's attorney Jon Levin stepped in to fill the role in 2004. In 2001, Barry Sparks replaced Jeff Pilson on the bass guitar. In 2009, Sean McNabb replaced Barry Sparks on bass guitar.


Just Can't Get Enough

"Just Can't Get Enough" is a song by American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas. William Adams, Allan Pineda, Jaime Gomez and Stacy Ferguson of the Black Eyed Peas wrote the song. Joshua Alvarez, Stephen Shadowen, Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, LaShawn Daniels, Julie Frost also helped in writing it. The song was written for the group's sixth studio album, "The Beginning" (2010). It was announced on January 21, 2011 as the album's second single. The song has been successful on music charts. It reached the top-five in many countries, such as Australia, France, United Kingdom and the United States, among others. The video for this song was made a week before the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami had began. 

David Yelldell

David Yelldell (born October 1, 1981, in Stuttgart) is a German-American goalkeeper who is currently playing for Bayer 04 Leverkusen. Yeldell has dual citizenship. His mother is German; his father is African-American.

At March 29, 2011, he had his first match for the United States national team. He is allowed to join the team because his father is American.

Simone Rethel

Simone Rethel (born 1949 in Germany) is a German actress, painter and photographer. She is the widow of actor and singer Johannes Heesters. Rethel came from a large, artistic family. Her grandfather was a painter.

Rethel married Heesters, 46 years her senior, in 1991. In December 2010, the 107-year-old Heesters said that he had quit smoking for his then 61-year-old wife: "She should have me as long as possible."


Messel pit

The Messel Pit () is a disused quarry near the village of Messel, Hesse. The site about 35 km southeast of Frankfurt am Main, Germany. It is a site where fine fossils are preserved: a lagerstätte. The site is very important: it includes fossils of early mammals, including early primates. Because of its fossils, the site has significant geological and scientific importance. 

Bituminous shale was mined there. After almost becoming a landfill, strong local resistance eventually stopped those plans. The Messel pit was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1995. It was placed on the list solely due to fossils.

Amateur collectors developed a "transfer technique" to preserve the fine details of small fossils, the method still used to preserve the fossils today. Many of the known specimens from the site have come from amateur collectors, and in 1996, an amnesty on previously collected fossils was put in effect, in the hope of getting privately owned collections back into public ownership and available to science.

The current surface of the Messel pit is roughly 60 m below the local land and is about 0.7 km² in area. The oil-shale bed originally extended to a depth of 190 m. 
47 million years ago in the Eocene when the Messel deposits formed, the area was 10° further south than it is now. The period was just after the Palaeocene–Eocene Thermal Maximum, and the climate and ecology of the site were very different from today. A large series of lakes, surrounded by lush sub-tropical forests supported an incredible diversity of life. The Messel lake bed was probably a center point for drainage from nearby rivers and creeks. 
The pit deposits were formed during the Eocene epoch of the Palaeogene period about 47 million years ago. This is based on dating of basalt fragments under the fossilbearing strata.

Oil shale, formed by the slow anoxic deposition of mud and dead vegetation on the lake bed, is the primary rock at the site.

Its sediments extend 130 m downward and lie atop an older sandstone foundation. The fossils within the shale show a remarkable clarity and preservation due to the unique depositional characteristics of the lake.

The upper layers of the lake had a great deal of life, but the bottom was anoxic. Because the water was not much disturbed, little oxygen got to the lower levels. This prevented many epifaunal (bottom-living) and infaunal (burrowing) species from living there. That is why dead bodies were so little damaged. Overturn of the lake layers (caused by seasonal variations) lowered oxygen content near the surface and led to a periodic "die-off" of aquatic species. Combined with a relatively low rate of deposition (0.1 mm/yr), this was a prime environment for the preservation of fauna and flora.

The area around the Messel Pit was geologically and tectonically active during the Eocene. Volcanic gas releases could account for the large deposition of non-aquatic species.

Subsurface shifts released large concentrations of reactive gases (such as carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide) into the lake and adjoining ecosystems, killing susceptible organisms. During these releases, birds and bats might have fallen in if near the lake surface, and terrestrials could be overwhelmed near the lake shore.

The Messel Pit provides the best preserved evidence of early Eocene flora and fauna so far discovered. Most other sites are lucky to contain partial skeletons, but Messel boasts extensive preservation of structural integrity, even going so far as to preserve the fur, feathers, and "skin shadows" of some species. Unusual preservation has sparked some closely-reasoned interpretations. The symptomatic "dumb-bell"-shaped bite marks on either side of the leaf vein on a fossilised leaf have been identified as the death-grip of a carpenter ant terminally parasitized by a fungus that, apparently then as today, took over its behaviour to release its spores at a good location; it is the earliest clear example of fungal behavioural manipulation.

The diversity of species is astonishing. Here is a brief summary of some of the fossils found at the site:


The assemblage of fossils includes a South American anteater, two types of South American flightless birds, and an ancestor of the scaly ant-eater ("Manis") of the old-world tropics.



Jedi Mind Tricks

Jedi Mind Tricks is a hip hop group from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Jedi Mind Tricks formed when Vinnie Paz and Stoupe the Enemy of Mankind were in high school and Jus Allah later joined in 1999. They debuted when they released their first EP, called "Amber Probe".





The Psycho-Social, Chemical, Biological &amp; Electro-Magnetic Manipulation of Human Consciousness

The Psycho-Social, Chemical, Biological & Electro-Magnetic Manipulation of Human Consciousness is the first studio album by American underground hip hop group, Jedi Mind Tricks. It was released on November 4, 1997 through Superegular Records. It was re-released in 2003 through Babygrande Records. The producer of the album was Stoupe the Enemy of Mankind. The album is sometimes called The Psycho-Social CD for short.

Violent by Design

Violent by Design is the second studio album by American hip hop group, Jedi Mind Tricks. It was released on October 3, 2000. The producers of the album were Stoupe and Mr. Len. The album was re-released on May 25, 2004 by Jedi Mind Tricks current label, Babygrande Records.

Visions of Gandhi

Visions of Gandhi is the third studio album by American hip hop group, Jedi Mind Tricks. It was released on August 26, 2003. The producer of the album was Stoupe. Jus Allah quit the group after the release of "Violent by Design".

Mainstream Top 40

The Mainstream Top 40 is an airplay chart from "Billboard" magazine. It is also known as Pop Songs on billboard.com. People often mistook it for the now discontinued Pop 100 Airplay chart. The chart is solely based on radio airplay, ranking the week's hottest pop songs based on monitored radio detections from a panel of 200 Top 40/CHR radio stations in the United States as measured by Nielsen BDS Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems. Arbitron sometimes refers to the format as contemporary hit radio.

The chart was launched the week of October 10, 1992, along with the Rhythmic Songs Chart as a way to distinguish stations that played a broad based mix of current hits from those who focused on offering a direction centering on R&B/Hip and Dance material.

Legacy of Blood

Legacy of Blood is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group, Jedi Mind Tricks. It was released on August 24, 2004. The producer of the album was Stoupe. The intro for the song features a promo that was cut by professional wrestler, Kane.

Servants in Heaven, Kings in Hell

Servants in Heaven, Kings in Hell is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks. It was released on September 19, 2006. The producer of the album was Stoupe. The album was the group's most commercially successful release and was their first album that made it into the Billboard 200. The album also won "Verse Of The Year" at the HipHopDX 2006 awards for .

Judiciary of the Isle of Man

The lowest courts in the Isle of Man are the Summary Courts, Coroner of Inquests, Licensing Court, Land Court, etc. These courts are presided over by magistrates. There are two stipendiary magistrates, the High Bailiff and the Deputy High Bailiff, along with lay Justices of the Peace.

The court on the next level is the High Court of Justice of the Isle of Man. It has two parts, the Civil Division and an appeal division called the Staff of Government Division.

The judges of the High Court are the Deemsters and the Judicial Officers. The Deemsters are appointed by The Queen on the advice of the Secretary of State for Justice of the United Kingdom. The Judicial Officers are appointed by the Lieutenant Governor. The High Bailiff and the Deputy High Bailiff are ex officio Judicial Officers, and other Judicial Officers (full-time or part-time) may be appointed. Often they are appointed because they have special knowledge of a complex legal case

Civil matters are usually heard at first instance by a single Deemster sitting in the High Court. Criminal proceedings are heard at first instance before either the High Bailiff or the Deputy High Bailiff or a bench of lay magistrates, in less serious cases. More serious criminal cases are heard before a Deemster sitting in the Court of General Gaol Delivery; in a defended case the Deemster sits with a jury of seven (twelve in cases of treason or murder).

Civil and criminal appeals are dealt with by the Staff of Government Division. Appeals are usually heard by a Deemster (the one not involved with the case previously in the High Court or Court of General Gaol Delivery) and the Judge of Appeal.
Final appeal is to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in the United Kingdom. This dates back to an ancient right of the Manx to appeal to the Crown of England against the decisions of the Lord of Mann. The right still exists, even though the Lord of Mann is now the Crown of England. The right was confirmed by the Privy Council in their decision of "Christian v. Corren" in 1716, several years before revestment.

In the Isle of Man, and the Channel Islands, the Queen's Bench Division of the English High Court can hear appeals about habeas corpus. This was to allow the king to find out why any of his subjects was being impisoned. It dates from before the revestment, applied to all the king's dominions even for all other cases the Kings's Bench was restricted to England.


Misery (Maroon 5 song)

Misery is a song by American band Maroon 5. It was released on June 22, 2010 by A&M/Octone Records via the iTunes Store. The song was released in advance of the band's mid-2010 tour, and is the first single from their third studio album, Hands All Over, which was released on September 21, 2010.
Genre pop rock

Lord of Mann

Lord of Mann (), is used on the Isle of Man as part of Charles III's title. The Lord of Mann was the island's feudal Lord Proprietor, the Monarch of England was head of state.

The title is not used on its own. Since 1399, the Kings and Lords of Mann were feudal subjects of the reigning King of England, and then of Great Britain and the United Kingdom, who was the ultimate sovereign of the island. This right of 'Lord Proprietor' was revested into the Crown when the Isle of Man was bought by the Isle of Man Purchase Act 1765 and stopped to exist separately. However, for reasons of culture and tradition, the title Lord of Mann continues to be used. For these reasons, the correct formal usage, as used on the Isle of Man for the Loyal Toast, is "The Queen, Lord of Mann".

The title is now "Lord of Mann" regardless of gender. However, during her reign Queen Victoria was styled as "Lady of Mann".

The formal Latin style is .


In 1598, a succession dispute between the daughters of Ferdinando Stanley, 5th Earl of Derby and Stanley's brother, William Stanley was heard. It was decided by the Privy Council that the right to the Isle of Man belonged solely to Queen Elizabeth I, and the letters-patent of 1405 which have conferred the Isle of Man to the Stanley family were declared null and void. This was because Percy had not been subject to legal attainder, despite his treason, and the 1405 and 1406 letters-patent had therefore not taken effect.

The Queen, in consideration of the "many eminent services performed to herself and to her royal predecessors by the honourable and noble House of Stanley," withdrew her right and referred the contending claimants to the decision of the Privy Council as to the best claim of inheritance.

The Law Lords on the Privy Council decided ""the grant being by letters patent under the Great Seal of England, such right would descend according to the Common Law of England to the heirs general, and not to the heirs male"", and the island was therefore awarded to Ferdinando's daughters; whereupon William agreed to purchase their several shares and interests.

The original letters-patent having been declared void, the Parliament of England in 1609 under James I passed a Private Act of Parliament entitled ""An Act for assuring and establishing the Isle of Man in the name and blood of William, Earl of Derby"" [(1609) 7 Jac.1 c."4"] which established the title in law as "Lord of Mann". The lordship was conferred by letters-patent dated 7 July 1609 upon William Stanley, 6th Earl of Derby. Subsequent succession was under the terms of this grant.

Following the resolution of the succession dispute, it was ruled that the daughters of Ferdinando Stanley were the rightful heirs. As the oldest of them would not reach the age of majority until 1609, two temporary Lords of Mann were appointed by James I, using letters patent, so that the daughters could benefit from the Island's revenues.

Following the coming of age of the heirs to the Lordship of the Isle of Man, the rights over the island were sold to their uncle, William Stanley. He took up the title of Lord of Mann following the passing of an Act of Parliament.


In 1765, Charlotte Murray, 8th Baroness Strange, sold the suzerainty of the island to the British government for £70,000. By the passage of the Isle of Man Purchase Act 1765 the title of Lord of Mann was revested into the British Crown. It has therefore since been used on the Isle of Man to refer to the reigning Monarch of the United Kingdom.

All remaining rights and property of the Dukes of Atholl on the island were sold to the British government in 1828.


Nikolayevsk Incident

The was a series of several events during the Russian Civil War. They happened between February and March 1920. It ended with the killing of many Japanese people in Russia and most of the Russians living in the town Nikolayevsk-on-Amur. Nikolayevsk-on-Amur is in the far eastern section of Russia.

In September 1918, about 350 troops of the 14th division the Imperial Japanese Army held the town. They're were part of the Siberian Intervention. Early in February 1920, the town also had about 450 Japanese civilians. The Russian "White Army" also had about 300 members in Nikolayevsk. Roughly 15,000 civilians also lived in Nikolayevsk. In January 1920, the town had been surrounded by an army of four thousand controlled by Yakov Triapitsyn, an anarchist who was allied with the Red Army.

On February 24, the commander of the Japanese Army's people in Nikolayevsk realized that there were too many enemy troops, so he allowed Triapitsyn's troops to enter the town under a flag of truce. However, Triapitsyn began rounding up all of his forces and deploying White Army supporters, the only force cooperating, the small Japanese garrison. He then demanded that the Japanese garrison disarm–remove all their weapons they are holding, sure that the small Japanese force would not agree with his request.

The Japanese then had an unexpected attack on 12 March. However, the attack was unsuccessful, and most people in the Japanese Army died. The few who survived did not stop the attack until they were ordered by the Japanese high command. Triapitsyn decided to attack the remaining Japanese troops, which helped capture the Japanese garrison and deaths of all but 122 Japanese non-army members. In all, about 700 people died.

Triapitsyn decided to terrorize and kill any civilians he felt were a danger to his forces. The other way to execute those who he only injured was to stab them with a bayonet and throw them into a hole in the Amur River. Using this method, Triapitsyn and his army killed thousands of people in Nikolayevsk-on-Amur. In late May, as other Japanese people were coming to help, Triapitsyn killed everyone living in Nikolayevsk-on-Amur–Japanese or Russian–and burned the town to the ground.

The Japanese government protested to the Bolshevik government in Moscow, demanding compensation for the execution of all the residents in Nikolayevsk-on-Amur. The government of Russia responded by murdering Triapitsyn; however, the Japanese government felt that this didn't make up for what had happened. Japan used this as an excuse to have it residents live in Sakhalin island, where they remained till 1925.

William Peter Van Ness

William Peter Van Ness (February 13, 1778–September 6, 1826) was a United States federal judge.

Van Ness was born in Ghent, New York. He is the son of Judge Peter Van Ness (1734– 1804), a lawyer and farmer. The home and land were later purchased by Martin Van Buren, who renamed the estate Lindenwald. Peter Van Ness is buried on the Lindenwald estate.

William Van Ness's brothers included U.S. Representative and Washington, D.C. mayor John Peter Van Ness and Vermont governor Cornelius Peter Van Ness.

William Van Ness attended Washington Seminary and graduated from Columbia College in 1797.

After graduating from college William Van Ness read law in the office of Edward Livingston, attaining acceptance to the bar in 1800.

William Van Ness practiced law in New York City, Albany, and Hudson from 1800 to 1812.

Van Ness, a friend of Aaron Burr, was an active participant in the 1800 presidential campaign as a vocal supporter of the Democratic-Republican candidates, Thomas Jefferson and Aaron Burr.

In 1801 Van Ness served as a Delegate to the New York Constitutional Convention, which was called to amend the state constitution of 1777.

Martin Van Buren completed his legal studies in Van Ness's office in 1802 and became an attorney in Columbia County, New York.

In July, 1804 William Van Ness served as Aaron Burr's second in Burr's duel with Alexander Hamilton, and was present when Burr killed Hamilton.

On May 25, 1812, Van Ness was nominated by President James Madison to a new seat on the United States District Court for the District of New York. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on May 26, 1812, and received his commission on May 27, 1812. On April 9, 1814, he was reassigned by operation of law to the newly subdivided United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.

Van Ness was the author of several political and judicial works, including: "Examination of Charges against Aaron Burr" (1803); "The Laws of New York, with Notes," (with John Woodworth), (2 vols. 1813); "Reports of Two Cases in the Prize Court for New York District" (1814); and "Concise Narrative of Gen. Jackson's First Invasion of Florida" (1826).

Van Ness served on the bench until his death in New York City. He was buried in Brooklyn's Greenwood Cemetery.


Sundae

A sundae is an ice cream dessert. It is usually made of a scoop of ice cream topped with sauce or syrup. Sometimes, it has other toppings including chopped nuts, sprinkles, whipped cream, or maraschino cherries. The first historically documented sundae was created on Sunday, April 3, 1892. Sundaes are found and available to buy in many places, including fast foods, restaurants, and other luxury places. Sundaes are usually sweeter than ice cream and the scoops of ice cream and flavors can be customized. 


Soyuz (spacecraft)

Soyuz (, ) is a series of spacecraft designed for the Soviet space programme. It was first used in the 1960s. The Soyuz spacecraft is launched on a Soyuz rocket, the most frequently used and most reliable launch vehicle in the world to date. All Soyuz spacecraft are launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.

The first Soyuz flight had no people aboard. It launched on November 28, 1966. The first Soyuz mission with a crew, Soyuz 1, launched on 23 April 1967 but crashed upon return, killing cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov. Soyuz 3 (October 26, 1968) was the first successful manned mission. Now, the Soyuz is widely considered the world's safest, most cost-effective human spaceflight vehicle. Soyuz spacecraft were used to carry cosmonauts to and from Salyut and later Mir space stations, and are now used for transport to and from the International Space Station (ISS). At least one Soyuz spacecraft is docked at the ISS at all times for use as an escape craft in the event of an emergency.

The Soyuz spacecraft has three parts:

The orbital module is also called the Habitation section. It has all the equipment not needed for reentry, such as experiments, cameras and cargo. It also contains a docking collar for docking to space stations. It does not come back to earth.
The reentry module is used for launch and the journey back to earth. Half of it is covered in heat protection tiles. It comes back to earth.
The service module has solar panels. It contains systems for temperature control, electric power supply, long-range radio communications and radio telemetry. It does not come back to earth.

Space Shuttle Challenger disaster

The Space Shuttle Challenger disaster occurred on January 28, 1986, when the NASA's  exploded after 73 seconds of flight. All seven crew members were killed. It was the 25th flight of a Space Shuttle. The cause of the explosion was a part called an O-ring that broke in the right solid rocket booster. During the flight, hot gases escaped from the O-ring and made it break apart. Shuttles stopped flying for two and a half years. 

The mission of the flight that ended in disaster was named STS-51-L. It was the tenth mission for "Challenger". STS-51-L was scheduled to deploy the second in a series of Tracking and Data Relay Satellites. It was also going to carry out the first flight of the "Shuttle Pointed Autonomous Research Tool for Astronomy" (SPARTAN-203) / Halley's Comet Experiment Deployable in order to observe Halley's Comet. 

One of the crew members was Christa McAuliffe, a civilian teacher. She was going to carry out several lessons from space as part of the Teacher in Space Project and Shuttle Student Involvement Program (SSIP). Another crew member of this mission, Gregory Jarvis, was originally going to fly on the previous shuttle flight (STS-61-C). However, he was reassigned to this flight and replaced by Congressman Bill Nelson.

The O-ring was a part of the Shuttle's solid rocket booster that, when working correctly, stopped hot gas escaping through joins in the booster's steel skin called field joints. Each booster had three field joints, and each joint had two rubber O-rings, a main and a backup, that circled the booster. When the boosters were tested in 1977, however, the force caused by the pressure inside the booster made the steel parts bend away from each other at the field joints, breaking the O-ring seals and allowing the hot gases to escape. This was called "joint rotation", and if the "blow-by" of the hot gases against the O-rings was bad enough it could have destroyed the ring and caused the booster to explode. However, it was also found that the rubber O-rings would shift under the forces of lift-off and form a seal anyway, which was called "extrusion", so the problem was not seen as serious by NASA.

Blow-by of the O-rings had been seen on early Shuttle flights, and a pattern was noticed by the engineers who built the boosters: more blow-by happened in cold temperatures. The company that built the boosters, Thiokol, had been working on a fix but had not told NASA even though the O-rings were "criticality 1" parts, meaning that if they should fail to do their job, the rocket would be destroyed. Criticality 1 parts were also not allowed to rely on a backup part for safety - this meant that the backup O-ring in the booster was not good enough to keep the astronauts safe.

It was unusually cold on the morning of the Space shuttle's launch. The engineers argued that the "Challenger" should not take off because the temperature was and the O-rings could not seal right if the temperature was under . The NASA commanders did not agree and said that the backup O-ring would work. They were later proved wrong. The temperature was so low that icicles were hanging from some parts of the launch pad. However, the NASA commanders convinced the engineers' managers to overrule them and approve the launch.

Challenger lifted off at 11:38 EST exactly. In the first four seconds of flight, grey smoke was seen on the launch pad cameras coming out of the aft (bottom) field joint in the right booster. This was the O-rings being partially destroyed - they had been frozen solid and could not seal, so the blow-by of hot gases burned them away completely before the "extrusion" could happen. However, aluminium oxide, formed by the burning rocket fuel, plugged the gap and formed a weak seal. "Challenger" was safe for now, and quickly cleared the launch tower.

"Challenger" flew normally for almost a minute. At the 59 second mark, though, the aluminium seal broke. This allowed the burning rocket fuel to escape through the broken part of the O-ring. A visible plume of fire came out of the right SRB, burning both the external fuel tank and the piece of metal keeping the two connected. This plume burned through the bottom of the fuel tank, where the liquid hydrogen fuel was stored. At 68 seconds after liftoff, the engines increased power to produce the highest thrust possible (known as throttling up). The flight controllers informed the shuttle crew that their flight status was "go" at the throttle-up stage. The flight commander, Dick Scobee, responded with ""Roger, go at throttle up."" 

However, at 72 seconds after liftoff, the fire that had burned through the fuel tank also burned through the connecting metal, leaving the right booster hanging only by the forward (top) attaching point. "Challenger" suddenly went off its intended path, which may have been felt by the crew. Half a second later, Smith said the last words picked up by the recorder designed to record all interactions in the crew area of the shuttle during flight: ""Uh oh..."". Smith may have been responding to the shuttle's computer telling him that the engines were moving quickly to compensate for the now loose booster in a useless attempt to get the shuttle back on the planned path. The right booster, free to swing about its remaining connection, turned outwards and hit the top of the fuel tank just as the hydrogen tank broke. The burning liquid fuel pushed the hydrogen tank into the now-broken upper oxygen tank, destroying both. The two liquid fuel parts combined and exploded in one go, swallowing "Challenger" in a huge explosion. The boosters, being made of thick steel, survived this, and though the explosion itself didn't destroy "Challenger" directly, it pushed the Shuttle into the wrong angle for its flight path through the air, which caused enormous amounts of drag that ripped "Challenger" apart.

Little is known of what happened in the minutes after the breakup. The crew cabin was still intact as it started falling, since it was built to be strong. The official report into the disaster says that the crew survived the first breakup and that at least three people were still alive. They were able to move switches which required a cover to be pulled off before they could be moved, probably when they tried to regain control of the craft, as well as activate their air packs. The crew cabin did not have any kind of parachute, and it smashed into the ocean after falling for 2 minutes and 45 seconds at roughly . Any crew that might have survived the first break up died instantly with more than 200 times the force of normal gravity. This is like going from 0 to over and then slowing back down to 0 all within a second.

Many people wanted to know why the "Challenger" exploded. President Ronald Reagan asked for a report about the disaster. It was called the "Rogers Commission Report" and it was written by a group of astronauts, scientists and engineers. They worked out what had happened and why the "Challenger" exploded. The report said that the people in charge at NASA did not listen to the engineers who said the O-rings were not safe; and that sometimes the people in charge thought that parts of the shuttle were well made when they were not. They also wrote that NASA sometimes did unsafe things because people would get angry if the shuttle launches were delayed. 

There were no shuttle flights while the report was written. After the report was written, NASA had to be more careful in many different ways.


Royal Society of Arts

The Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce (RSA) is a British multi-disciplinary institution, based in London. It is often called the Royal Society of Arts instead of by its long formal name. The front of the building uses the short name too — see photograph. It was founded in 1754 and was granted a Royal Charter in 1847. Notable members have included Benjamin Franklin, Karl Marx, Adam Smith, William Hogarth, John Diefenbaker, Stephen Hawking and Charles Dickens.

The RSA was set up to "embolden enterprise, enlarge science, refine art, improve our manufactures and extend our commerce", but also to reduce poverty and secure full employment.

The RSA was founded in 1754 by William Shipley as the Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce, modelled on the Dublin Society for improving Husbandry, Manufactures and other Useful Arts. In 1774, it moved into a new building near the Strand in central London which had been purpose-designed by the Adam Brothers (James Adam and Robert Adam) as part of their Adelphi scheme. The address was 8 John Street (now 8 John Adam Street). The RSA is still in there, but it also occupies nearby buildings (2-6 John Adam Street, plus 18 Adam Street). The original building includes the Great Room, which features a magnificent sequence of paintings by Irish artist James Barry: "The progress of human knowledge and culture". The first occupant of 18 Adam Street was the Adelphi Tavern, which is mentioned in Dickens's "The Pickwick Papers". The former private dining room of the Tavern contains a magnificent Adam ceiling with painted roundels by the school of Kauffman and Zucchi.

In its early years, the Society offered prizes — which it called "premiums" — for people who could successfully achieve one of a number of published challenges. Captain William Bligh suffered the Mutiny on the Bounty while attempting to win a premium for shipping breadfruit from the East to the West Indies. He tried again and this time succeeded, and the Society awarded him the prize. The Society offered premiums for a very wide range of challenges including inventing new forms of machinery and agricultural improvements (which included seeking ways to improve the cultivation of opium poppies).

The RSA hosted Britain's first exhibition of contemporary art which was a big success. As a result, the Royal Academy of Arts was formed in 1768 by Sir Thomas Gainsborough and Sir Joshua Reynolds — two early members of the RSA — as a spin-off organisation.

It was granted a Royal Charter in 1847. In 1908, King Edward VII granted it the right to use the term "Royal" in its name.

The National Training School for Music in London was founded by the Society in 1876. This was later succeeded by the Royal College of Music.

The RSA is probably best known for creating the RSA Examinations Board, now part of the separate OCR (Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations) Board, following the Society's launch of the modern world's first public examinations in 1882.

It devised a scheme for remembering the links between famous people and buildings by placing plaques on the walls — these continue today as "Blue Plaques" which are administered by a range of government bodies. The first of these plaques was, in fact, of red terracotta placed on the outside of a former home of Lord Byron (since demolished). The Society erected 36 plaques until, in 1901, responsibility for them was transferred to the London County Council (which changed the colour of the plaques to the current blue) and later the Greater London Council and most recently English Heritage. Similar schemes are now operated in all the constituent countries of the United Kingdom.

The Society was instrumental in the preservation of West Wycombe, purchasing the entire village and handing it over the National Trust.

In 1936, the RSA awarded the first distinctions of Royal Designers for Industry (RDI or HonRDI). The honour gained royal endorsement in 1936, and "The Faculty of Royal Designers for Industry" was established as an association in 1937 to "further excellence in design and its application to industrial purposes": membership of the Faculty is automatic for (and exclusive to) all RDIs and HonRDIs. The Faculty currently has 120 Royal Designers (RDI) and 45 Honorary Royal Designers (non-UK citizens can be HonRDI): the number of designers who may hold the distinction of RDI at any one time is strictly limited. The Faculty consists of the world’s leading practitioners from fields as disparate as engineering, furniture, fashion and textiles, graphics, theatre and movie design. Early members include Eric Gill, Enid Marx, Sir Frank Whittle and numerous other household names.

An example of the Society's success is offered by the "Oxford English Dictionary", which records the first use of the word "sustainability" in an environmental sense in the RSA's Journal in 1980.

The Society states that, 'Fellows attach the letters FRSA after their name'. Membership of the fellowship is considered an honour.

This was not, however, always the case. According to Sutherland Lyall in 2003, 'the Royal Society of Arts used to ask you not to use [the suffix FRSA] because anybody who pays the modest fee becomes a Fellow'. Being elected a Fellow currently depends on having achieved (or demonstrating the potential to achieve) a contribution to society in a cultural or arts-related sphere.

The organisation is Incorporated by Royal Charter, is registered as a charity in England, and has more than 27,000 Fellows living in around 70 countries who support the aims of the society, and who have achieved — or who have the potential to achieve — eminence in their profession or calling. Its Patron is currently HM Queen Elizabeth II, its President is HRH The Princess Royal (who replaced her father, HRH Prince Philip in 2011), its Chairman is Luke Johnson (businessman) and its Chief Executive is Matthew Taylor.

Each year a number of medals are awarded, including the "Albert Medal", the "Benjamin Franklin Medal", and the "Bicentenary Medal". Medal winners include Nelson Mandela, Sir Frank Whittle and Professor Stephen Hawking.

In Great Britain and Ireland, the RSA has offered some regional activities to encourage Fellows to interact with each other locally and to address local topics of interest. The UK Regions are: East of England, East Midlands, London, North East, North West, Scotland, South East, South West, Wales, West, West Midlands and Yorkshire; Northern Ireland, part of the UK, is treated, for historical reasons, as a single all-Ireland region — 'Ireland' — that includes the Republic of Ireland. The RSA also has a presence in Belgium (to increase its influence in Brussels) and, further afield, in Australia, India, Southern Africa and the USA.

The Society runs a free public events programme which seeks to introduce new and challenging thinking. These are made freely available on its website after the event as mp3 audio files and videos. Recent lecturers include Michael Sandel, Nassim Nicholas Taleb, Sir Ken Robinson, Don Tapscott, Alain de Botton, Al Gore, Anthony Grayling, Zarine Kharas (founder of Justgiving), Amir Aczel, and Chris Anderson.

The choice of speaker for the recent annual Presidential lecture has been a matter of interest in the press. Danish professor Björn Lomborg, was chosen; his latest book, "Cool It", suggests that the imminent demise of polar bears is a myth. As president of the RSA, Prince Philip's first choice of speaker was Ian Plimer, professor of mineral geology at Adelaide University, but this was rejected as too controversial, as Plimer argues that the theory of Anthropogenic Global Warming is unproven.

On January 14, 2010, the RSA in partnership with Arts Council England hosted a one-day conference in London called "State of the Arts". A number of speakers from various dispclines from art to government gathered to talk about the state of the arts industry in the United Kingdom. Notable speakers included Jeremy Hunt MP, Secretary of State for Culture, Media & Sport and his counterpart Ben Bradshaw MP, who was then the Secretary of State for Culture, Media & Sport. Notably, Jeremy Hunt stated that if the Conservative party won the next elections then government funding for the arts would be cut.

The RSA House is also available to hire by external clients, providing hospitality facilities for conferences, dinners, parties and weddings. The stunning Vaults are of significant interest and provide a unique space for entertaining.

In July 2008, the RSA became a sponsor of an academy in Tipton, The RSA Academy, which opened in September 2008. New buildings are currently under construction to designs by John McAslan and Partners.

Current projects include Arts and Ecology, Citizen Power, Connected Communities, Design and Society, Education, Public Services, Social Brain and Technology in a Cold Climate.

Past projects include delivering fresh drinking water to the developing world, rethinking intellectual property from first principles to produce a Charter (published as the Adelphi Charter), investigating schemes to manage international migration and exploring the feasibility of a UK-wide personal carbon trading system. It still promotes the practice of inclusive design, and is working with artists to communicate ideas about environmental sustainability (for example, through one of the RSA's past projects, WEEE Man, and currently through the Arts and Ecology project).




"Informational"

Nolan Ryan

Lynn Nolan Ryan (born January 31, 1947) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played in the major leagues from 1966 to 1993. He played for the New York Mets, California Angels, Houston Astros, and Texas Rangers.. As a pitcher, Ryan struck out 5,714 batters. This is the most all-time. Ryan is the only pitcher in the MLB to strike out 5,000 batters. Ryan has also walked more batters and thrown more no-hitters than anyone else. He is now the president and one of the owners of the Texas Rangers. Ryan is from Refugio, Texas.

Nickelodeon Games and Sports for Kids

Nickelodeon Games and Sports for Kids (also called Nickelodeon GAS, Nick GAS, or GAS) was an American cable television network. It was part of MTV Networks's digital cable channels, and was available to all companies that provide digital cable and to Dish Network.

Nick GAS started on March 1, 1999. Dave Aizer (1999–2003), Vivianne Collins (1999–2003), and later Mati Moralejo (2001–2005) were the network's first on-air hosts.

Nick GAS focused on Nickelodeon game shows, which by 2000 were no longer available on the main Nickelodeon network. It was basically a children's version of Game Show Network, which had started in 1994.

On December 31, 2007, Nick GAS was discontinued and was replaced by The N, which splitted from Noggin. However, Dish Network continued to air Nick GAS until April 23, 2009.

Noah Cyrus

Noah Lindsey Cyrus (born January 8, 2000) is Miley Cyrus's younger sister and Billy Ray Cyrus's daughter. She was born in Nashville, Tennessee. She has been in some TV shows like "Hannah Montana" but had very small roles.

She appeared in the straight-to-DVD movie "". She was also in the film Ponyo with Frankie Jonas the youngest brother of the Jonas Brothers and played the character Yuria Nara. She also sang the theme song for Ponyo with Frankie too.

She dated rapper Lil Xan.


Enver Galim

Enver Galim (March 15, 1915, Kazan, Russian Empire – March 2, 1988, New York, US), Tatar writer and journalist, was one of the translators of the Bible into the Tatar language.

After graduating from the Institute of the Tatar Language and Literature in 1938, Enver Galim worked as a school teacher and a journalist. He was drafted into the Soviet Army in 1941 and sent to the front to fight against Nazi Germany. A year later he was severely wounded and captured by German soldiers. After spending a few months in the POW camp Enver Galim was released. Fearing repression in Stalinist Russia, he decided to stay in Germany. To avoid deportation, he applied for Turkish citizenship and after receiving it, changed his name to Enver Galimoglu.

After the war, he continued his career as a journalist, writing articles for the magazine "Azad Vatan" and other publications. Between 1953 and 1988 Enver Galim worked for the Tatar-Bashkir Service of Radio Liberty. After 1968 he was Radio Liberty's correspondent based in New York. He contributed numerous articles and analyses to "Problems of the Peoples of the USSR", the Turkish-language magazine "Dergi" and the Russian-language newspaper "Vestnik." One of his major works was the translation of the Bible into the Tatar language.

Acorales

Acorales is the sweet flag order of flowering plants and the most basal lineage among the monocotyledons, which are characterized by having a single seed leaf. This order contains the single family Acoraceae and one genus ("Acorus"), which comprises two to four species of plants that resemble the irises.

Semicolon

A semicolon is a punctuation mark. It looks like this: ;

In the standard English language, a semicolon has only two uses. First, to connect two independent clauses into a single sentence. For example:
"I could tell that it was getting late; it was growing darker by the second."
The second use of a semicolon is to separate items in a series when the items contain parenthetical elements within themselves. For example:
"The following crewmembers were on the bridge: James T. Kirk, captain of the
Enterprise; Mr. Spock, first science officer; Mr. Sulu, helmsman; Mr. Scott,
engineer; and Dr. McCoy, chief medical officer."

A semicolon is also used with a conjunctive adverb when joining two clauses. In reality, this is the same as the first rule, but it looks different enough to sometimes cause concern.

For example:
"huzaifa, context in which all life exists; consequently, it is more than a political issue."

A semicolon is sometimes used in programming. In programming languages such as C, semicolons are used to separate logical statements.
int main() {

Magazine (firearms)

A magazine is a feeding device for firearms that contains ammunition. For artillery it can be a special warehouse or a special room in a warship. 

In firearms, a magazine (often incorrectly called a "clip") is a container that holds ammunition for a firearm. There are two main types of magazines. An external magazine, also known as a box magazine, is a formed piece of sheet metal or plastic, usually polymer, that contains a spring and a follower. Rounds are inserted via the top, either from directly pushing them in, or sliding them under the feed lips, pushing down on the follower that is attached to the spring. As the box magazine is emptied, the follower and spring maintain pressure on the rounds and force them upwards to be grabbed by the firearms bolt. The other type of magazine, an internal magazine is built into the gun and is not meant to be quickly replaced like an external magazine. Internal magazines are common in bolt action rifles, older semi-automatic rifles, such as the M1 Garand, and tube-fed shotguns. These are usually loaded with individual rounds or via a stripper clip, a small piece of formed sheet metal that holds anywhere from 5-10 rounds via the extraction groove. 
Box magazines come in many different capacities. The standard being 30 rounds, but some hold as little as 3, and others up to 150. Other external magazine types include drum magazines, which are circular in design with the rounds parallel with each other and fed into a singular point. Pan magazines are also circular, but the rounds all point to the center of the circle and are fed into the firearm as the pan spins upon the gun. 

Magazines may also be what is know as single, double, or quadruple stacked. Single stack magazines are when the rounds sit directly on top of one another, with no offset. Double stack magazines, quickly becoming the most popular method, are two columns of rounds stacked so that each round is offset left or right of the one above and below it. This method maximizes capacity and size of the magazine. Finally, quadruple stacked magazines, are essentially two double stacked magazines next to each other in one magazine. These often hold 40 rounds or more, but are prone to feeding issues as the rounds often get stuck on each other.

Shotgun shell

A shotgun shell is the standard type of ammunition for a shotgun. It is fired after being loaded into the chamber or chambers of a shotgun. The shell is cylindrical in shape and is normally between and long. It holds a charge of gunpowder and either lead shot or a shotgun slug made to be fired from the shotgun. Shotgun shells are usually mostly plastic but have thin brass at the base, though they can be made of solid brass, paper, or other combinations of these materials.

A shotgun shell's size is usually measured in gauge (also known as bore). The most common size of shotgun shell is the 12-gauge. When measuring gauge, a smaller number means a larger shell: a 12-gauge shell is larger than a 20-gauge shell. Shell gauge is an old measurement. Except for the .410 bore or gauge, which is not a gauge at all but a caliber, 
the gauge of a shotgun was equal to the number of lead balls that added up to . So in a 12 gauge, 12 balls add up to about a pound of lead. So the diameter is equal to a ball weighing 1/12th of a pound of lead. A 20 gauge, another popular size today, has the diameter of a ball weighing 1/20th of a pound of lead.
Besides lead shot and slugs which are designed to be lethal, there are special less lethal types of shotgun shells which shoot things made to hurt but not kill people. Less lethal shells are most often used by police. These can be loaded with plastic or rubber shot, rubber slugs, beanbags, or salt.


Eric Carr

Paul Charles Caravello (July 12, 1950 – November 24, 1991), better known as Eric Carr, was an American rock drummer. He was a member of the rock band Kiss from 1981 to 1991.

One of Carr's first bands was Salt & Pepper. They played covers of songs by other artists. They had success in the 1970s playing in small clubs. The band continued playing for nine years. Salt & Pepper became the opening act for artists such as Stevie Wonder and Nina Simone. The group changed their name to "Creation" in 1973 and began to play disco music. 

In 1981, Carr replaced Peter Criss on drums in the hard rock band Kiss. Carr brought a heavy metal style to the band. The band's first album with Carr was "Music from The Elder", released on November 16, 1981. Carr co-wrote some songs on the album. He co-wrote "Escape from the Island" with Ace Frehley, and "Under the Rose" with Gene Simmons. Other albums with Kiss were "Creatures of the Night", "Lick It Up", "Animalize", and "Hot in the Shade".

Carr's last public appearance with Kiss was at the MTV Video Music Awards in September 1991. Carr died of heart cancer on November 24, 1991 at age 41.



Royal Canadian Navy

The Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) was the navy of Canada from 1911 to 1968.
From 4 May 1910 to 29 August 1911 the navy was known officially as the "Naval Service of Canada" and operationally as Canadian Naval Forces.

During the early years of the 20th century, there was a lot of talk in the British Empire as to the role the Dominions would play in defence and foreign affairs. Because of the developing naval arms race with Germany, a key part of this discussion focused on naval issues.

In Canada, the naval debate came down to a choice between two options: either the young country could provide funds, support and manpower to the Royal Navy, or it could form its own navy, which could help support the Royal Navy if necessary. After extensive political debates, Canadian politicians chose to set up their own navy.

The Royal Canadian Navy Served with the Royal Navy in World Wars I and II, but during the Suez Crisis of the 1950s Canada and the United Kingdom had different political views. Coupled with mutinies in 1949 partly linked to old British ways the Canadian government started looking at making sure the Canadian Navy had a very separate identity from the Royal Navy. In August of 2011 the three services were once again separated, ending decades of confusion and low morale. The Royal Canadian Navy, the Canadian Army and Royal Canadian Air Force were reinstated.

Leo (constellation)

Leo is one of the constellations of the zodiac. Its name is Latin for lion. Its symbol is (). Leo lies between dim Cancer to the west and Virgo to the east.

Leo contains many bright shining stars, such as Regulus (also called α Leonis); the lion's tail, Denebola (also called β Leonis); and γ Leonis (also called Algieba). Many other fainter stars have been named as well, such as δ Leo (Zosma), θ Leo (Chort), κ Leo (Al Minliar al Asad), λ Leo (Alterf), and ο Leo (Subra).

Regulus, Al Jabbah, and Algieba, together with the fainter stars ζ Leo (Adhafera), μ Leo (Ras Elased Borealis), and ε Leo (Ras Elased Australis), make up the pattern known as "the Sickle". These stars represent the head and the mane of the lion.

The star Wolf 359, one of the nearest stars to Earth (7.78 light-years), is in Leo.

The carbon star CW Leo (IRC +10216) is the brightest star in the night sky at the infrared N-band (10 μm wavelength).

Leo contains many bright galaxies, Messier 65, Messier 66, Messier 95, Messier 96, Messier 105, NGC 3521 and NGC 3628 are the most famous. The first two are part of the Leo Triplet.

The Leo Ring is a cloud of hydrogen and helium gas. It is found in orbit of two galaxies found within Leo.

Many civilizations over thousands of years have portrayed the constellation of Leo as a lion. One theory for this is that the Sun was among its stars in Midsummer. This was the time when the lions of the Egyptian desert left their usual home for the banks of the river Nile. There they could find relief from the heat in the water. The Roman writer Pliny the Elder wrote that the Egyptians worshipped the stars of Leo. He says this is because the Nile would overflow with water at the same time as the Sun entering into the constellation.

In Egypt, the Ramesseum ("the memorial temple of Pharaoh Ramesses II") at Thebes mentions Leo in the inscription on the wall. On the planisphere of Dendera Leo is shown standing on an outstretched serpent.

The Persians called Leo "Ser" or "Shir"; the Turks, "Artan"; the Syrians, "Aryo"; the Jewish, "Arye"; the Indians, "Simha" ; all meaning a lion. In Babylonian astronomy these stars were called UR.GU.LA - the 'Great Lion'; the bright star, Regulus, that stands at the Lion's breast also had distinctly regal associations as it was known as the King Star.

In Greek mythology, it was identified as the Nemean Lion which was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labours, and after that put into the sky.

The Roman poet Ovid called it "Herculeus Leo" and "Violentus Leo". "Bacchi Sidus" (Star of Bacchus) was another of its titles, the god Bacchus always being identified with this animal. However, Manilius called it "Jovis et Junonis Sidus" (Star of Jupiter and Juno).

Early Hindu astronomers knew it as "Asleha" and as "Sinha", the Tamil "Simham".

As of 2002, the Sun appeared in the constellation Leo from August 10 to September 15. In tropical astrology, the Sun is considered to be in the sign Leo from July 23 to August 22. In sidereal astrology the sun is said to be in Leo from August 16 to September 15.

H.A. Rey has suggested an alternative way to connect the stars, which shows a lion walking. The stars delta Leonis, gamma Leonis, eta Leonis, and theta Leonis form the body of the lion. The stars gamma Leonis, zeta Leonis, mu Leonis, epsilon Leonis, and eta Leonis form the lion's neck. The stars mu Leonis, kappa Leonis, lambda Leonis, and epsilon Leonis form the head of the lion. Delta Leonis and beta Leonis form the lion's tail: beta Leonis, also known as Denebola, is the bright tip of the tail with a magnitude of two. The stars theta Leonis, iota Leonis, and sigma Leonis form the left hind leg of the lion, with sigma Leonis being the foot. The stars theta Leonis and rho Leonis form the right hind leg, with rho Leonis being the foot. The stars eta Leonis and alpha Leonis mark the lion's heart, with alpha Leonis, also known as Regulus, being the bright star of magnitude one. The stars eta Leonis and omicron Leonis form the right front foot of the Lion.





Leo (astrology)

Leo is the fifth astrological sign of the Zodiac, starting from the constellation of Leo. Leo is considered to be a "feminist ", positive (extrovert) sign. It is also considered a fire sign and is one of four fixed signs ruled by the Sun. Being the fifth sign of the zodiac, Leo has been associated with the astrological fifth house.

Individuals born when the Sun is in this sign are considered Leo individuals. The Sun is in Leo roughly from July 22 to August 23. Under the sidereal zodiac, it is currently there roughly from August 10 to September 15.

"See Leo (constellation) "

Celestial sphere

In astronomy and navigation, the celestial sphere is an imaginary sphere ("ball") of a very large unspecified size. The earth and the sphere have the same centre: they are "concentric". They also rotate upon the same axis. All objects in the sky can be thought of as projected ("drawn, written") upon the celestial sphere. This imaginary sphere is a very practical tool for positional astronomy.

The equator divides the earth into the Northern Hemisphere and the Southern Hemisphere. Similarly, the celestial sphere is divided by projecting the equator into space. This divides the sphere into the north celestial hemisphere and the south celestial hemisphere. One can also locate the Celestial Tropic of Cancer, Celestial Tropic of Capricorn, North Celestial Pole, and South Celestial Pole.

The Earth rotates from west to east around its axis in slightly less than 24 hours. The celestial sphere and all objects on it appear to rotate from east to west around the celestial poles in the same time. This is the diurnal motion ("daily motion"). This is why stars will rise in the east and set in the west, (unless a star is circumpolar). On the next night a particular star will rise again, but with our normal clocks running a 24-hour 0-minute cycle, it will do so slightly less than 4 minutes earlier. By the following night the difference will be 8 minutes, and so forth with every following night (or day).

The reason for this is that the Sun does not stand still on the celestial sphere, and the stars do (except for a tiny proper motion). The sun moves about 1° per day eastwards over a great circle known as the ecliptic (which is 360° or a full circle in one year, the annual motion of the Sun). As an angle of 1° corresponds to 4 minutes in time (360° = 24 hours), we need therefore four extra minutes of diurnal motion to see the Sun back on the same meridian again, making the duration of one rotation just 24 hours exactly (on the average, ignoring small seasonal variations, see equation of time)

Normal clocks therefore indicate solar time. Astronomers studying the movements of stars may want clocks indicating sidereal time, going around once in 23h56m (solar time units).

A celestial sphere can also refer to a physical model of the celestial sphere or celestial globe.
Such globes map the constellations on the "outside" of a sphere, resulting in a mirror image of the constellations as seen from Earth. The oldest surviving example of such an artefact is the globe of the Farnese Atlas sculpture, a 2nd-century copy of an older (Hellenistic period, ca. 120 BC) work.



Capricornus

Capricornus is one of the constellations of the zodiac. It is often called Capricorn, especially when referring to the corresponding astrological sign. Its name is Latin for "horned male goat" or "goat horn", and it is commonly represented in the form of a sea-goat: a mythical creature that is half goat, half fish. Its symbol is (Unicode ♑).

Capricornus is one of the 88 modern constellations, and was also one of the 48 constellations listed by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy. Under its modern boundaries it is bordered by Aquila, Sagittarius, Microscopium, Piscis Austrinus and Aquarius. The constellation is in an area of sky called the Sea or Water, consisting of many water-related constellations such as Aquarius, Pisces and Eridanus.

Capricornus is the second faintest constellation in the zodiac after Cancer. Its brighter stars are on a triangle whose corners are α Capricorni (also known as Giedi), δ Capricorni (Deneb Algiedi), and ω Capricorni.

Capricorn has several galaxies and clusters. Messier 30 is a globular cluster that is one degree south of the galaxy group NGC 7103. The constellation also harbors the wide spiral galaxy NGC 6907.

Despite it being very faint, Capricornus has one of the oldest mythological associations. It has consistently been represented as a cross of a goat and a fish since the Middle Bronze Age. The earliest picture of Capricornus is on a cylinder-seal dating c. 21st century BCE. From the mid second Millennium it became a popular motif on boundary stones. It was explicitly recorded in the Babylonian star catalogues as "The Goat-Fish" before 1000 BC. The constellation was a symbol of Ea and in the Early Bronze Age marked the winter solstice.

Because of the precession of the equinoxes the December solstice no longer takes place while the sun is in the constellation Capricornus. The astrological sign called Capricorn now begins with the solstice. The sun's most southerly position is now called the Tropic of Capricorn. This term also applies to the line on earth where the sun is directly overhead at noon on that solstice.

The planet Neptune was discovered in this constellation by German astronomer Johann Galle, near Deneb Algedi (δ Capricorni) on September 23, 1846, which is reasonable as Capricornus can be seen best at 4:00am in September.

In Chinese astronomy, constellation Capricornus is in "The Black Tortoise of the North" (北方玄武, "Běi Fāng Xuán Wǔ").

Capricorn the sea goat was a goat that decided to take over the world. The gods of Greece looked down upon that and sent there wrath and killed him with one of Zeus thunderbolts. Then they hung him in the sky to humiliate him.

As of 2002, the Sun appears in the constellation Capricornus from January 19 to February 15. In tropical astrology, the Sun is considered to be in the sign Capricorn from December 22 to January 19, and in sidereal astrology, from January 15 to February 15.

Ptolemy's method of connecting the stars of Capricornus has been influential.

H. A. Rey has suggested an alternative way to join the stars, which graphically shows a goat. The goat's head is formed by the triangle of stars ι Cap, θ Cap, and ζ Cap. The goat's horn sticks out with stars γ Cap and δ Cap. Star δ Cap, at the tip of the horn, is of the third magnitude. The goat's tail consists of stars β Cap and α Cap: star β Cap being of the third magnitude. The goat's hind foot consists of stars ψ Cap and ω Cap. Both of these stars are of the fourth magnitude.

USS Capricornus (AKA-57) is once of United States navy ship.



SV Ried

SV Ried is a soccerclub from the Ried, Upper Austria, playing in the Bundesliga, the highest class in Austria.

The club was founded in 1912 and played till 1955 in Upper Austrias footballleague. With some up and downs they reached the 1. Landesliga(highest class in Upper Austrian football) in 1976. 1988 and 1990 they won the Championship but failed to reach the 2. Division(at that time second level in Austrian football). 1991 they promoted after the third title to the 2.Division. 
After four years in this class they promoted to the highest class in Austrian football. From 1995 to 2003 they played in the Bundesliga, but in the season 2002/2003 they only reached the 10th place and were relegated to the First Division. 2005 they reached the title of the second league and came back to the Bundesliga. 77 points are a all-time point record for the second level in Austrian football. They stayed until 2016/17 in the league and since 2020-21 they are playing again in the Bundesliga.

2007 they were runner-up in the Bundesliga and 1998 and 2011 they won the Austrian Cup. In the Cup Winners Cup 1998/1999 they reached the 3rd round.


Navarre

Navarre is an autonomous community in northern Spain. The capital of Navarre is Pamplona.

When the Roman Empire existed, most of the people who lived in Navarre were the Vascones.

Barbary falcon

The Barbary falcon ("Falco pelegrinoides") is a species of bird. It is a medium-sized falcon about the size of a crow. This bird of prey breeds in the Canary Islands and on the coasts of North Africa. It is mainly resident. It is thought to be related to the peregrine falcon.

L-DOPA

Levodopa, or -DOPA is an amino acid. In the body of mammals, it is made from Tyrosine in a process named synthesis. It also occurs in different plants. As such it can be used as a dietary supplement. L-Dopa is the precursor to the neurotransmitters dopamine, norepiphedrine and epiphedrine, which are part of a group known as Catecholamines. L-dopa can also be used as a drug for diseases such as Parkinson's disease. The substance used in the drug is usually called "Levodopa", and the naturally occurring substance is called "L-Dopa".

Swedish scientist Arvid Carlsson first saw that the substance could be used as a drug, in 1957. It was first introduced as "Madopar", by Hoffmann-La Roche, in 1973, as a treatment for Parkinson's disease. The WHO has put it on the list of essential medicines. Because the drug has side-effects, when taken for a longer period of time, people often try to replace it witrh other drugs, especially in younger patients. 

Austrobaileyales

Austrobaileyales is the botanical name for an order of flowering plants. There are about 100 species of woody plants, perhaps the most famous of which is the spice star anise, from "Illicium verum". 

The APG system, of 1998, did not recognize such an order. However, the APG II system, of 2003, did accept this order and placed it among the basal angiosperms. 

Chloranthaceae

Chloranthaceae is the botanical name of a family of flowering plants. The family consists of four genera, totalling several dozen species, of herbaceous or woody plants occurring in Southeast Asia, the Pacific, Madagascar, Central & South America, and the West Indies. The flowers are inconspicuous, and arranged in inflorescences. Petals are absent in this family, and sometimes so are sepals. The flowers can be either hermaphrodite or of separate sexes. The fruit is drupe-like, consisting of one carpel.

Creodont

The Creodonta are, traditionally, an extinct order of mammals which lived from the Palaeocene to the Miocene epoch. They are distant relatives of the Carnivora. However, the carnassial teeth of modern carnivores and both groups of creodonts are not formed from the same teeth. This evolutionary convergence suggests the creodonts are "not" the ancestors of modern carnivores. 

Also, they are perhaps not a natural group. However, a phylogenetic analysis of Paleocene mammals published in 2015 supported the monophyly of Creodonta, and put the group as relatives of pangolins. There is an extensive literature on the subject.

Creodonts were the dominant group of carnivorous mammals from 55 to 35 million years ago (mya) in the ecosystems of Africa, Eurasia and North America. They competed with the Mesonychids and the Entelodonts and ultimately outlasted them. In Oligocene Africa, they were the dominant predatory group. 

At last, they lost ground to the Carnivora. The Carnivora are the only group to survive today. The last creodont genus went extinct eight million years ago, and modern carnivores now occupy their ecological niches.

The first creodont fossils were in the Palaeocene, about 60 million years ago (mya), and the last "Dissopsalis", perhaps eight mya. So, the creodonts lasted for at least 50 million years.

Creodonts show various adaptations to their carnivorous life-style, and show convergent evolution with modern carnivores. They share, for example, the carnassial shear, a modification of teeth that sliced meat like scissors.

The Carnivora also developed larger brains and more efficient running. Once forest and woodland was partly replaced by grassland, in the Miocene, the true carnivores had the advantage, and the creodonts lost ground and eventually became extinct.

Peter Criss

George Peter John Criscuola, also known as Peter Criss and by his stage name The Catman, (born December 20, 1945, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American drummer. Criss is known for being the drummer in the original lineup of New York Glam metal band Kiss (band) during the 1970s before being replaced by Eric Carr in 1981. 

Criss was born George Peter John Criscuola. He is of Italian descent. His parents were Joseph and Loretta Criscuolo. Criss was a student of art and jazz. He got his start in music in the pop rock group Chelsea. They recorded an album in 1970.
In 1972 Peter began his career in the band Kiss. The band included Paul Stanley on guitar and Gene Simmons on bass, and Ace Frehley as a first guitar. With the painted faces, in 1973 released their first album Kiss. The album was very successful. Peter Criss proved to be a good singer. He wrote and sang the ballad "Beth". On the band's third album, "Dressed to Kill" (1975), Criss sang the song "Getaway", written by Ace Frehley. In 1980 Peter Criss released his last album as the drummer of Kiss "Unmasked". Criss was fired from Kiss on May 18, 1980. This hit the band hard and again in the following years with the loss of original lead guitarist Ace Frehley. In 1981 he was replaced by drummer Eric Carr.

In 1996, Criss returned to the band to record some acoustic tracks on the album "Unplugged and" for their highly sucessful 1996-7 Alive/Worldwide Reunion Tour, which grossed $43.7 million Peter Criss left the band again in 2004. He was then replaced later by Eric Singer. 


Kamaboko

, also known as surimi' is a cured, processed seafood product of Japan. It is made of puréed white fish, formed into different shapes including semi-cylinder loafs, and steamed until it becomes firm. Some "kamaboko" known as "narutomaki" is made with a swirl pattern in the center of each slice, named after the famous tidal whirlpool in the Japanese city Naruto. Outside of Japan, "kamaboko" is often referred to as fish cake.

"Kamaboko" has been made in Japan since the 14th century CE and has become commonly available in many other countries. One example that can be found in the West is "kanikama" (also known as "kani kamaboko"), or imitation crab. This variation of "surimi" is quite common in the West as it is a cheap substitute for real crab meat.

In Japan, "kamaboko" can often be seen served as a topping over ramen or udon. It is also commonly sold at convenience stores as "chikama" ("kamaboko" and cheese).

Banga Sena

The Banga Sena (Bengal Army) is a separatist Hindu organisation, which supports the making of a Bangabhumi/separate homeland for Bengali Hindus in the People's Republic of Bangladesh. The group is led by Kalidas Baidya.

Swadhin Bangabhumi Andolan

Bangabhumi (, meaning the land of Bengal) also known as Bir Bango (), is a separatists movement to create a Hindu country using southwestern East Bengal envisioned by Banga Sena of Bangladesh.

The movement was founded in 1973 in the Republic of India soon after Bangladeshi independence to support the Hindu refugees from Bangladesh, who were targeted by the Pakistani national army in the 1971 Bangladesh atrocities based on ideas of reconquest. However, this movement did not receive much support at that time. In an interview with BBC in 2001, Chittaranjan Sutar, one of the alleged organisers of the movement, denied any existence of the movement at that time. The movement openly became active again on 2003 when it declared the independence of Hindu Republic of Bangabhumi.

Tempura

Batter for tempura is generally made from cold water and a light wheat flour. However, sometimes other ingredients may be added, such as eggs, baking soda or baking powder, starch, oil, or spices. Traditionally, the batter is mixed a small amount at a time using chopsticks. The batter is only mixed for a few seconds and the lumps are left behind, giving the fried tempura its unique shape. Great care is taken to make sure the tempura is not over-mixed, otherwise it will become chewy and dough-like.

Special tempura flour has become widely available in supermarkets around the world. Tempura generally does not use breadcrumbs ("panko"). Foods made with this are usually referred to as "furai"--Japanese-style fried foods, such as tonkatsu (fried pork cutlet) or ebi furai (fried shrimp).

Seafood or thinly sliced vegetables are dipped in the batter and then quickly fried in hot oil. Usually vegetable oil is used and is heated to around 160 to 180 degrees Celsius. The cooking time for different types of tempura varies greatly, from only a few seconds for very thin vegetables to minutes for thicker ingredients or "kakiage" (mixed vegetables fritters).

Common ingredients for tempura include both seafood and vegetables, such as shrimp, squid, bell peppers, kabocha squash, eggplant, sweet potato, and lotus root, among many others.

Tempura is served hot immediately after cooking. Sometimes a sauce for dipping will be provided, the most common being made from dashi stock, mirin, and soy sauce ("shōyu"). Sometimes a special salt is served with the tempura. In other cases it may be used as a topping on soups like on soba or udon.

1985 Mexico City earthquake

The 1985 Mexico City earthquake was an earthquake that happened in Mexico City on September 19, 1985. It had a magnitude of 8.1, and the number of people killed was around 10,000.


Warkany syndrome 2

Warkany syndrome 2, also known as chromosome 8 trisomy syndrome or trisomy 8, is a condition where chromosome 8 in humans has three sets of chromosomes, as opposed to the normal two. This condition is called "trisomy", and is where Warkany syndrome 2 derives its alternative names. People born with Warkany syndrome 2 typically have mental retardation and renal or skeletal malformations.

Yothu Yindi

Yothu Yindi was the first major indigenous band in Australia. They released many hits and albums such as "One Blood", "Treaty", "Garma", "Homeland Movement" and "Birrkuda". The name Yothu Yindi translates from 'yolngo matha' to English as "child and mother". This term refers to the connection the tribe has to their land.

Some of their achievements include spending 22 weeks in the national charts for their single "Treaty", the prime minister Paul Keating awarded them with $30000.

Mandawuy is a crocodile man and also lead singer and song writer with the band Yothu Yindi. He is very kind and inspirational as well as he is strongly Aboriginal. His brother won The Australian of the Year.

Andreas Ulmer

Andreas Ulmer (born October 30, 1985) is an Austrian football player playing for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as defender. His father,Gerhard Ulmer, and his uncle, Fritz Ulmer, were also footballplayers, playing for SK Voest Linz.
He started playing football in the local clubs SK Asten and LASK Linz. At the age of 14 he went to the Frank Stronach Academy in Hollabrunn (a school, where you can also visit a school beside your football education). He got his A-levels and then played for the second squad of FK Austria Wien after his debut for Austria Wien in the 2004/05 season. 2008/09 he played for SV Ried and then went to F.C. Red Bull Salzburg.

For Red Bull Salzburg he played regularly as left defender. In the 2009/10 season he played all matches of Red Bull Salzburg. This year he even played 37 matches in the league, because he came in Winter to Red Bull Salzburg which had to play a match from the first half of the season in the second half, so Andreas Ulmer played this year 22 matches for SV Ried and 15 for Red Bull Salzburg. So far he is the only player in the whole football history of Austria who did one match more than the regular 36. During the warm-up for a Championsleague qualifing match versus Omonia Nikosia he was badly injured so he missed the first half of the season 2010/11. During the 2017–18 season, Salzburg and Ulmer had their best ever European campaign. They finished top of their Europa League group before beating Real Sociedad, Borussia Dortmund and Lazio Rom and reached for the first time the UEFA Europa League semi-final.

2022 he signed another year for FC Red Bull Salzburg.

On 11th February 2009 he played his first match for the Austrian national team versus Sweden. 2015 he had a break in the team but 2017 he played again for the national team. He was part of the team for the European championship an played two matches in the tournament.

Austria Wien
Red Bull Salzburg


WrestleMania XXVIII

WrestleMania XXVIII was the twenty-eighth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place at Sun Life Stadium in the Miami suburb of Miami Gardens, Florida.

The city of Miami was one of the two major contenders for hosting WrestleMania XXVII along with Atlanta, Georgia. In the end in February 2010, Atlanta was awarded the right to host the event. According to the Miami-Dade Sports Commission, WWE management felt that Miami's planning for the event would have been too hectic with many other sporting events held in the area around the same time of the planning, such as Super Bowl XLIV. However, Miami was reportedly considered for the next event due to its international ties, arenas, airports and experience of hosting past major events.

Bidding documents were sent to seventeen cities in mind for hosting a WrestleMania event between 2012 and 2014, with fourteen replying in interest. Other cities in mind for WrestleMania XXVIII were Los Angeles, New Orleans, New York City, Toronto, Detroit, Tampa, Vancouver, St. Louis, Jacksonville, Orlando and Houston. The city of Dallas also showed interest but had to pull out of bidding for the next two years due to hosting events such as the NCAA Final Four.

On February 9, 2011, it was announced by "The Miami Herald" that Miami had won the right to host the event. WWE would later officially announce the event in a press conference held at the Fontainebleau Miami Beach. WrestleMania XXVIII will be the second event to be hosted in the state of Florida, the fourth event without a closed roof, and the third event to be held entirely outdoors. For hosting the event, WWE will receive a $250,000 cash incentive from the Miami-Dade Sports Commission raised through grants and sponsorships. Along with WrestleMania XXVIII, a series of events grouped as "WrestleMania Week" will be held in the week before the event including WrestleMania's yearly "WrestleMania Axxess" fan convention at the Miami Beach Convention Center, the 2012 WWE Hall of Fame ceremony at the American Airlines Arena, the finals of the WrestleMania Reading Challenge, and a Celebrity Pro-Am Golf tournament.


Juan Miranda

Juan Miguel Miranda (born April 25, 1983 in Consolación del Sur, Cuba) is an Cuban Major League Baseball first baseman who currently plays for the Arizona Diamondbacks. Miranda also played for the New York Yankees from 2008 to 2010 before being traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks for Scott Allen.


Hop (movie)

Hop is a 2011 Easter-themed comedy movie that was produced by Chris Meledandri and was directed by Tim Hill. Hop was released on April 1, 2011 in North America. The movie received negative reviews with a 23% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 41 out of 100 from Metacritic. Even though the movie got bad reviews, it opened at #1 at the Friday box office in the US, earning $11.4 million and also topped the weekend box office with $38.1 million, which made it the highest opening weekend so far in 2011.



Heckler &amp; Koch

Heckler & Koch (H&K, "Heckler und Koch") is a German firearm manufacturing company. They make many guns such as the MP5 series submachine gun and the rifle G3. Heckler and Koch are one of the most famous weapon manufacturers and deliver weapons to many government agencies such as the German Armed Forces and US Army.

The company is in Oberndorf in the state of Baden-Württemberg, but also has locations in the United Kingdom, France and the United States. The company motto is ""Keine Kompromisse!"" (No Compromise!). H&K makes firearms for many military and paramilitary units and counter-terrorism and hostage rescue teams.



Garfield: The Movie

Garfield: The Movie is an 2004 animated comedy movie that was produced by John Davis, John Kilkenny, Michele Imperato, Neil A. Machlis and Brian Manis and was directed by Peter Hewitt. Garfield: The Movie was released on June 11, 2004 in North America. The movie received negative reviews with a 14% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 27 out of 100 from Metacritic. A sequel to the movie was released in 2006 and was called, .



Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties

Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties is a 2006 British-American live-action/animated comedy movie that was produced by John Davis, Michele Imperato and Brian Manis and was directed by Tim Hill. "Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties" was released on June 16, 2006 in North America. The movie received negative reviews with a 11% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 37 out of 100 from Metacritic.

This movie is a sequel to "".


Odie is play by a real dog despite Garfield is animated with the computer motion capture.


Ritchie Blackmore

Ritchie Blackmore (born 14 April 1945) is an English guitarist. He is former member and founder of British hard rock band Deep Purple.

Blackmore was born in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset. His family moved to Heston, Middlesex when he was two.

In the 1950s, Blackmore played with small bands. In 1968, Blackmore, with keyboardist Jon Lord, singer Rod Evans, bassist Nick Simper and drummer Ian Paice created the band Deep Purple. Deep Purple had a hit song in the United States with "Hush". Although they were doing well, Ritchie Blackmore and Deep Purple decided to get a different singer. They replaced Evans with Ian Gillan from the band Episode 6. They also replaced the bass player (Nick Simper) with another Episode 6 member, Roger Glover. The band's album "Deep Purple In Rock" was released in 1970. In 1972, Deep Purple made the album "Machine Head". It included one of their most popular songs, "Smoke on the Water. In 1972, they recorded the live album "Made in Japan". Gillan and Glover left the group in 1973. They were replaced with singer David Coverdale and bassist Glenn Hughes. The new Deep Purple released two albums "Burn" (1974) and "Stormbringer" (1974). Blackmore left the band soon after these albums were released.

In 1984, Blackmore got back together with Gillan, Glover, Lord and Paice and made the album "Perfect Strangers". The album had many successes with the songs "Knocking at Your Back Door" and "Perfect Strangers". After recording the album "The Battle Rages On", Blackmore left the band in 1993.

In 1975, Blackmore founded the band The Rainbow. The band included Ronnie James Dio as singer, Craig Gruber on bass, Micky Lee Soule on keyboards, and Gary Driscoll on drums. The band's first album, "Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow", was released August 4, 1975. It was followed by "Long Live Rock 'n' Roll" in 1978, with Cozy Powell in drums. On "Difficult to Cure" (1981), The band included the vocalist Joe Lynn Turner, replacing Dio. After several changes in its members, Blackmore disbanded the band in 1997.




Clint Mansell

Clinton Darryl "Clint" Mansell (born 7 January 1963 in Coventry, England) is an English musician, composer, and was also the lead singer and guitarist of the band Pop Will Eat Itself. He is known for scores on movies. Some of the most famous movies that he has scored are Requiem for a Dream, The Fountain, Moon, Smokin' Aces, The Wrestler, and Black Swan. His composition has become very popular and has been used in many advertisements and movie trailers.

Mansell has scored many movies:

Microsoft Publisher

Microsoft Publisher is a desktop publishing application (program). It is made by Microsoft and it is part of Microsoft Office. Publisher is similar to Word except that it places the emphasis on page layout and design (rather than writing text and proof reading). With Publisher, you can create a variety of publication types. For example, you can make brochures, newsletters, postcards and greeting cards as well as normal, 'Word-like' documents. Publisher's file extension is ".pub".

Daily Express

The Daily Express is a British newspaper. It is published daily and it is a tabloid. It was founded in 1900.

LGBT rights in Bangladesh

LGBT human rights are not respected in the People's Republic of Bangladesh, and there appears to be no organized movement to advance such human rights. And such acts of homosexuality will lead to life in prison, or even face the death penalty.

The Constitution has several provisions that could apply to LGBT citizens;

According to Section 377 A of the British Indian penal code of BPC, adult homosexual sex acts are illegal and will be punished with deportation, fines and/or up to 10 years, sometimes life imprisonment. This legal prohibition extends to any sort of LGBT-human rights organization.

BPC Section – 377A. Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman or animal, shall be punished with imprisonment for life, or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine.

Explanation : ” Penetration is sufficient to constitute the carnal intercourse necessary to the offence described in this section.

Hijras are discriminated against a lot. Many hijras do sex work because people will not give them jobs. Since On the 11th of November in 2013, hijras in Bangladesh have been allowed to choose 'hijra' as a gender on their passports. Before this they had to choose 'male' or 'female'. Hijras have their own language called Hijra Farsi. It is also known as Koti. In 2000, Shabnam Mausi was the first hijra to be elected into Indian parliament.

According to a 2017 poll carried out by ILGA, a plurality of 47% of Bangladeshis agreed that gay, lesbian and bisexual people should enjoy the same rights as straight people, while 38% disagreed. Additionally, 50% agreed that they should be protected from workplace discrimination. 49% of Bangladeshis, however, said that people who are in same-sex relationships should be charged as criminals, while 38% disagreed. As for transgender people, 44% agreed that they should have the same rights, 50% believed they should be protected from employment discrimination and 40% believed they should be allowed to change their legal gender.

Additionally, according to that same poll, a third of Bangladeshis would try to "change" a neighbour's sexual orientation if they discovered he/she was gay.


A History of Violence (album)

A History of Violence is the sixth studio album by American hip hop group, Jedi Mind Tricks. It was released on November 11, 2008. The producer of the album was Stoupe. The first single off the album is "Monolith".

Sindhi people

Sindhis (; Sindhī) are an Indo-Aryan ethnolinguistic group of people originating from the Sindh province of Pakistan. Today Sindhis mostly practice Islam, but historically they practised Buddhism and Hinduism also a large minority of them still do today. The original inhabitants of ancient Sindh were believed to be aboriginal tribes speaking languages of the Indus Valley civilization around 3000 BC. This population then mixed with the Aryans that arrived later on which created the modern Sindhi ethnic group.

In the book Kitab-ul-Hind, the Persian scholar Abū Rayhān Bīrūnī (Al-Beruni) declared that even before the advent of Islam into Sindh (711 A.D.), the Sindhi language was prevalent in Sindh.

Sindh was the first place in the Indian subcontinent to not only be conquered by a Muslim state but also the first to have a significant Muslim population. Islam arrived in Sindh after the Umayyad conquest and annexation of Sindh in the year 711 AD led by the Arab general Muhammad ibn Qasim. After this, Sindh became the easternmost province of the Caliphate. The second significant religion of the Sindhis is Hinduism which is the historical religion of Sindhi people as it was the major religion practised in the region before the Muslim conquest. Today, Sindhi Hindus make up about 20% of the total ethnic Sindhi population worldwide. Sindhi Hindus also revere the Sikh gurus and especially the first Sikh guru, Guru Nanak. Every year for 30 years during the early 20th century, Sikh missionary groups were sent to work among Sindhis. Because of this, the number of Sindhi Sikhs increased from 1000 in 1901 to over 39,000 in 1941. During the Partition of former British India in 1947, a lot of Sindhi Hindus and Sindhi Sikhs left for India. They settled in Mumbai, New Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat. Later, a small number of them decided to settle in the Punjab State of India. Their main centers of pilgrimage are Sadhu Bela, an Udasi sect shrine built in 1823 in Sukkur District. And they also visit the Sikh shrines of Nankana Sahib, Panja Sahib, and Dehra Sahib in Punjab Province of Pakistan. Today, there is still a large Sindhi Hindu minority in the Sindh province of Pakistan however majority of the Sindhi Hindus live in India as their forefather migrated there during partition in 1947.

Persian and Urdu

The Persian language influenced the formation of many modern languages of the Greater Middle East, Central Asia, and South Asian regions, including Urdu. 

Following the Turko-Persian Mahmud of Ghazni's Ghaznavid conquest of South Asia, an influenced language of Turkish, Arabic and Persian and local dialects began to form, one that would eventually be known as Urdu. This language was called "Zaban-e-Ordu" ('language of the army'), the court language, and was later shortened to just Urdu. In the indigenous literature and spoken name, it was/is called "Lashkari" or "Lashkari Zaban" in the long form. It grew from the interaction of Persian and Turkish speaking Muslim soldiers and the native peoples. Under Persian influence from the state, the Persian script and Nasta'liq form of cursive writing was adopted, with additional figures added to accommodate the Indic phonetic system. The national anthem of Pakistan is highly Persianized.

Urdu is a morpho-syntax/grammatically a Persian-Turkish written in the Persia-Arabic script, and contains literary conventions and specialised vocabulary largely from Persian. Some grammatical elements peculiar to Persian, such as the enclitic "ezāfe", and the use of the "takhallus", were readily absorbed into Urdu literature both religious and secular.

Urdu soon gained distinction in literary and cultural spheres because of the hybrid nature of the language. Many distinctly Persian forms of literature, such as Ghazal, Qasida, Marsia and Nazms, caried over into Urdu literature, producing a distinct melding of Iranian and South Asian heritages. A famous cross-over writer was Amir Khusro, whose Persian and Urdu couplets are to this day read in South Asia-Central Asia.

Pure-bred

Pure-bred organisms are homozygous for the desired characteristics that a breeder wants. The offspring of a pure bred organism will always show the desired phenotype. The type is often got by inbreeding. Standard laboratory white rats are so genetically similar that they will accept skin grafts from other rats of the type. See strain (biology) for a fuller discussion.

Diagnosis

A diagnosis is an accurate and precise account of the nature or cause of something. 

Medical diagnosis is the best-known field, but diagnosis can be applied to any subject. Whereas a doctor diagnoses what is wrong with a patient, a motor mechanic can diagnose the fault in a car. In all cases they replace a vague query, such as "My car will not start", with an exact analysis, such as "It's out of petrol". Notice the diagnosis is precise enough so the solution can be seen.

These ideas work even in more subtle cases. A boy brings an insect in a box to a natural history museum. He asks an expert "What is this?" The expert says "You mean, apart from it being a beetle?" When the boy nods, the expert looks at the insect under a magnifying glass, or a binocular microscope. Chances are, it is a common beetle, and the expert can give the boy quite a lot of information about it. 

But if it is not known to the expert, a much longer study is needed. Large reference books will be consulted; trays of similar insects will be taken out of store to be compared. A full diagnosis needs at least the genus and species. If the species is unknown, the detailed work of description is needed for publication.

Mostly, in biological taxonomy, the adjective "diagnostic" is used for any distinctive trait which places the specimen in a precise category. For example, A single bone making up the lower jaw is "diagnostic" of a mammal.

"Diagnostics" is the name given to procedures which spell out what to do to find the cause of a fault. This term is used a lot in computer systems.


Agoraphobia

Agoraphobia is a medical condition that causes anxiety. Sufferers are afraid of large open spaces, crowds, and new places. Many doctors believe that people with the condition are afraid of becoming anxious. Places that make them feel unsafe and increase their feelings of anxiety and panic. They may be afraid they might lose control and embarrass themselves. They worry that they may not be able to get away, or find help if they have a panic attack. The word "agoraphobia" means "fear of the market place". People with agoraphobia often believe that their home is the only safe place. Extreme sufferers may be unable to leave their homes for months or in some cases years.

Agoraphobia is sometimes treated successfully with medication and cognitive behavioral therapy, but some people never recover.

People with agoraphobia may show these signs and symptoms:




Russian Far East

The Russian Far East is a geographical term that describes the eastern section of Russia.

Although traditionally considered part of Siberia, the Russian Far East is categorized separately from Siberia in Russian regional schemes, which covers a smaller territory called the Siberian Federal District.

This was also true during the Soviet era when it was also categorized separately and called the Soviet Far East.

The Russian Far East covers the territory of the Far Eastern Federal District. The southernmost part is Primorsky Krai.

Remington 700

A Remington 700, also called an R700 is a bolt sniper rifle. It is called M24 by the United States Army.

Amur River

The Amur River is a river extending from northeastern China to the Russian Far East. It is the tenth longest river in the world.

Civilian

A civilian in time of war is a person who is not a member of a country's military and any other fighting group. This is what the word means under the laws of war. Civilians are the opposite of soldiers and combatants, who fight in wars.

In an international armed conflict, civilians are generally protected by international humanitarian law from being harmed except: 




The treatment of protected civilians in an international armed conflict is covered by the Fourth Geneva Convention. Prisoners are covered by the Third Convention. These are based on humanitarian doctrines (ethical beliefs) and that most countries follow them as law.

In an international armed conflict, protected civilians have the right to defend themselves. If they participate in other fighting, they are usually called partisans, and they can be tried for war crimes.

In a non-international armed conflict, Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions and their Additional Protocol II protect civilians regardless of nationality from the harmful effects of war. They can also be tried for harboring non-state armed groups since rebellion is a crime under the domestic law of most nations.

The modern use of the word also has problems:


Imperial Japanese Army

, also known as the IJA, was the army of Imperial Japan from 1868 to 1945. The army was under the command of Emperor Meiji from 1868-1912, Emperor Taishō from 1912-1926 and Emperor Hirohito from 1926-1945 .

The IJA was started after the Meiji Restoration in 1868, replacing the Samurai. It was abolished at the end of World War II in 1945. 

The army was involved in many Wars : Boshin War (1868-1869) Invasion Of Taiwan (1874) Shinpuren Rebellion (1876) Satsuma Rebellion (1877) First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895) Invasion Of Taiwan (1895) Boxer Rebellion (1899-1901) Russo-Japanese War (1904-1905) World War 1 (1914-1918) Siberian Intervention (1918-1922) Japanese Invasion Of Manchuria (1931) Soviet-Japanese Border Conflict (1932-1939) Second Sino-Japanese War (1937-1945) Battle of Khalkhin Gol (1939) World War 2 (1941-1945) . 

Article 9 of the Constitution of Japan prohibits the use of aggressive force as a means for settling international disputes.

In order to defend Japan, if necessary, the Japan Self-Defense Forces (JSDF) was formed.

The ground-reach of JSDF is the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF).



Catastrophism

Catastrophism is the idea that Earth has been affected in the past by sudden, short-lived, violent events. Catastrophes, possibly worldwide in scope, came between long periods of quiet inactivity. This was called 'catastrophism' by William Whewell in 1837.

Catastrophes were thought to be the main cause of the changes seen in the record of the rocks and fossils. This record appeared to show that the Earth had suffered occasional gigantic upheavals in what was otherwise a quiet planet.

Supporting this view was the greatest comparative anatomist and palaeontologist of the early 19th century. He was Georges Cuvier, Director of the "Muséum national d'histoire naturelle" in Paris. Cuvier had shown that extinction of species had definitely taken place. His catastrophism was an explanation for the regular changes in species seen in the rock strata. He had no real explanation of why later species were different from earlier ones. He rejected the idea of evolution, but did not propose a religious solution.

James Hutton's "Theory of the Earth" (2 vols, 1795), followed lated by Charles Lyell's "Principles of Geology" (3 vols, 1830–33), painted a quite different picture.

This was uniformitarianism, also a word coined by Whewell. Hutton's basic idea was 'present-day processes also worked in the past'. The Earth's features had been shaped by same geological processes that could be observed in the present, acting gradually over an immense period of time.

Lyell developed these ideas, and presented a huge number of observations which could only be explained by gradual action. His book strongly influenced the young Charles Darwin, who took the first volume with him on the HMS "Beagle", and had the second volume sent ahead to Rio de Janeiro.

The age of the Earth is a factor in the debate. In the 19th century it was thought the Earth was perhaps 100 million years old. Now, we know it to be about 4,560 million years old. That is definitely long enough for slow processes to take effect.

As a result, for a long period from 1840 to 1980, virtually all geologists were uniformitarians, believing 'the present is the key to the past'.

Finally, it became clear that both slow processes and rapid disasters have played a part in Earth history.

A major reason for this is the realisation that asteroid impacts, and some other events, have influenced Earth history.

Walter and Luis Alvarez suggested in 1980 that a asteroid struck Earth 65 million years ago at the end of the Cretaceous period. 

The impact wiped out about 70% of all species, including the dinosaurs, leaving evidence of the K/T extinction event. In 1990, a candidate crater marking the impact was identified at Chicxulub in the Yucatán Peninsula, Mexico.

The only debate now is whether the main extinction mechanism was the asteroid impact or widespread flood volcanism from the Deccan Traps (which occurred about the same time). Both mechanisms suggested are catastrophic in nature, though only the asteroid impact was sudden.

The observation of the Shoemaker-Levy 9 cometary collision with Jupiter illustrated that catastrophic events do occur as natural events.

The giant impact hypothesis is that the Moon was created out of the debris from a collision between the young Earth and a Mars-sized protoplanet. This is the favoured scientific hypothesis for the formation of the Moon. 

Steve Harris

Steve Harris (born 12 March 1956) is a bassist, keyboardist, and founder of the British band Iron Maiden.

In 1975 Steve Harris quits his job and founded the heavy metal band Iron Maiden with guitarist Dave Murray. In 1980 Harris and Murrray recorded the first album of Iron Maiden, released 14 April 1980, completing the formation of Maiden was Paul Di'Anno - vocal, Dennis Stratton - guitar, Clive Burr - drums. The album had some success, and a very good job of Harris on bass. The second album Killers (1981), by Iron Maiden had better impactand the incorporation of guitarist Adrian Smith. In 1982, Iron Maiden vocalist change of the band joins Bruce Dickinson, with a more powerful voice, throw one of the best Maiden album The Number of the Beast, In 1983 Harris and Maiden drummer change and was elected Nicko McBrain. In 1990 Smith left the band and was replaced by guitarist Janick Gers. With the new Iron Maiden guitarist launches one of the best albums of his career Fear of the Dark (1992). In 1995 the band changes and enters vocalist Blaze Bayley in substitution of Dickinson. Bayley did not fulfill all expectations and leaving Maiden after recording two albums. In 2000, Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith returned to the band, with the news that Janick Gers would remain a member of Iron Maiden Maiden, since then Maiden has three guitarists. Steve Harris is considered one of the greatest bassists of all time, he co-wrote most of the hits of Iron Maiden, and was the only member of the band will have been in all its formations.




Kid Rock

Robert James Ritchie, better known as Kid Rock, (born January 17, 1971) is an American singer, songwriter, and rapper. He has made songs with parts of many different styles of music, including rock, hip hop, heavy metal, and country.

Kid Rock grew up in Romeo, Michigan, which is near Detroit. He made his first album, "Grits Sandwiches for Breakfast", in 1990. However, it did not gain many success. He made several more records over the next few years, but the albums did not make any sells either. By 1998, bands such as Korn and Limp Bizkit were becoming popular with music that had both rap and heavy metal. Because Kid Rock was making similar music, the record label Atlantic Records, signed Kid Rock to a contract. In 1998, his album "Devil Without A Cause" was released. Songs such as "Bawitdaba" and "Cowboy" were released, making Kid Rock a star.

In 2000, Kid Rock released "The History of Rock", an album that mostly had old songs from before he became famous, along with two new songs. He released the album "Cocky" in 2001, "Kid Rock" in 2003, "Rock n Roll Jesus" in 2007, and "Born Free" in 2010.

Kid Rock is a supporter of people in the United States Military. He has performed several concerts for soldiers, and gave soldiers free copies of his album "Born Free".

In 2004, Kid Rock performed during the Super Bowl halftime show. Although the show was more controversial for an incident where one of Janet Jackson's breasts was seen on television, Kid Rock was criticized for playing while wearing an American flag.

Kid Rock has been mentioned as a possible candidate for the 2018 U.S. Senate election in Michigan. On July 12, 2017, he shared a photo of a "Kid Rock for US Senate" yard sign on Twitter. He later confirmed that he is in fact running for the Senate.


Castro

Castro is a Chilean city with 39.366 inhabitants (2002 census).

Castro was discovered by the Spanish conqueror Martín Ruiz de Gamboa on 1567.

Castro is well known for its "palafitos", traditional wooden stilt houses that are common on the Chiloé Island. Some of them are preserved in the west of the town in a bay named "Fiordo de Castro".

In Gamboa, there is also an interesting wooden chapel.


Puerto Montt

Puerto Montt is a Chilean city with 175,847 inhabitants (2002 census).

The actual Puerto Montt was discovered by a thick forest man who founded the city as "Melipulli" on 1853.


Temuco

Temuco is a Chilean city with 245,347 inhabitants (2002 census).

Temuco was founded by Manuel Recabarren naming the place "Fuerte Recabarren"("Fort Recabarren") during the Occupation of Araucania on 1881.


Talca

Talca is a Chilean city with 201.797 inhabitants (2002 census).

Talca was founded like "Villa San Agustín de Talca" by the Spanish José Antonio Manso de Velasco on 1881.


Rancagua

Rancagua is a Chilean city with 214,344 people living there according to 2002 census. 

Rancagua was founded by the Spanish soldier José Antonio Manso de Velasco on 1743.


Coyhaique

Coyhaique is a Chilean city with 50.041 inhabitants (2002 census).

Coyhaique was founded like "Baquedano" on 1929.


Grackle

A grackle is a bird that lives around North and South America. They belong to the Icterid family.

Adult grackles measure from from bill to tail and, have wings that are long, and weigh . Common grackles are less sexually dimorphic (difference in looks between male and female) than other grackles, but the differences between male and females can still be noticeable. The males, are mostly larger than the female. Adults have a long, dark bill, pale yellowish eyes, and a long tail; their feathers appear black with purple, green, or blue on the head, and primarily brown shine on the body. Adult females, besides being smaller, are less shiny; their tails in particular are shorter, and are brown with no purple or blue shine. Juveniles are brown with dark brown eyes.

When grackles are in a group, they are called a "plague".


Crystallography

Crystallography is the study of the arrangement of atoms in solids that are mostly in three dimensional pattern. 

Before the development of X-ray crystallography, the study of crystals was based on their geometry. This involves measuring the angles of crystal faces, and establishing the symmetry of the crystal in question.

Crystal structure is now found by analysis of the diffraction patterns of a sample targeted by a beam of some type.

The technique was jointly invented by Sir William Bragg (1862–1942) and his son Sir Lawrence Bragg (1890–1971), who jointly won the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1915. Lawrence Bragg was the youngest to become a Nobel Laureate. He was the Director of the Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge University, when the discovery of the structure of DNA was made by James D. Watson and Francis Crick in February 1953. 

X-rays are most commonly used, but for some purposes electrons or neutrons are used. Because of the different forms of interaction, the three types of radiation are suitable for different crystallographic studies.

Some materials studied using crystallography, proteins for example, do not always occur naturally as crystals. Normally such molecules are placed in solution and allowed to crystallize over days, weeks, or months.

Once a crystal is obtained, data can be collected using a beam of radiation. Although X-ray equipment is commonplace, crystallography often uses special synchrotron light sources to make X-rays. They produce purer and more complete patterns. Synchrotron sources also have a much higher intensity of X-ray beams, so data collection takes a fraction of the time normally necessary at weaker sources. 

Producing an image from a diffraction pattern requires sophisticated mathematics.

The mathematical methods for the analysis of diffraction data only apply to "patterns," which in turn result only when waves diffract from orderly arrays. Hence crystallography applies for the most part only to crystals, or to molecules which can be got to crystallize. 

In spite of this, a certain amount of molecular information can be deduced from the patterns that are generated by fibres and powders. For example, the double-helical structure of DNA was deduced from an X-ray diffraction pattern that had been got from a fibrous sample.

Electron crystallography is a method to determine the arrangement of atoms in solids using a transmission electron microscope (TEM). The method was invented by Aaron Klug, who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this, and his studies on virus structures and transfer RNA, in 1982.

The first electron crystallographic protein structure to achieve atomic resolution was bacteriorhodopsin in 1990.

Crystallography is a tool that is often employed in materials science. The understanding of crystal structures is needed to understand crystallographic defects. 

A number of other physical properties are linked to crystallography. For example, the minerals in clay form small, flat, platelike structures. Clay can be easily deformed because the platelike particles can slip along each other in the plane of the plates, yet remain strongly connected in the direction perpendicular to the plates. Such mechanisms can be studied by crystallographic texture measurements.

Crystallography includes the symmetry patterns which can be formed by atoms in a crystal. 

X-ray crystallography was the primary method for determining the 3-D molecular structure of biological macromolecules. The most important of these are enzymes, and nucleic acids such as DNA and RNA. In fact, the double helix structure of DNA was worked out from crystallographic data. 

The first crystal structure of a macromolecule was solved in 1958 The Protein Data Bank (PDB) is a freely accessible repository for the structures of proteins and other biological macromolecules. Computer programs can be used to help visualize biological molecular structures.

X-ray crystallography has now given way to electron crystallography for macromolecules which do not form large 3-D crystals.

Tea Party movement

The Tea Party is an American populist political movement. Most people say it is conservative and libertarian.

The Tea Party:

The name "Tea Party" comes from the Boston Tea Party, a protest by colonists who objected to a British tax on tea in 1773. They demonstrated by dumping British tea taken from docked ships into the harbor. Some say that the "Tea" in "Tea Party" also stands for "Taxed Enough Already".

The Tea Party movement has caucuses (groups) in the House of Representatives and the Senate of the United States. Many of the members of the Tea Party caucus were first elected in the 2010 midterm elections. Some of them had never held any public office before.

The Tea Party movement has no central leadership but is composed of a loose linking of national and local groups that decide their own platforms and agendas. The Tea Party movement has been cited as an example of grassroots political activity, although it has also been cited as an example of .

The Tea Party's most famous national figures include Republican politicians such as Sarah Palin, Ron Paul, and Michele Bachmann. As of 2010, the Tea Party movement is not a national political party, but has endorsed Republican candidates.

A Gallup poll shows almost 80% of Tea Partiers say they are Republicans. Commentators, including Gallup Editor-in-Chief Frank Newport, have suggested that the movement is not a new political group but simply a rebranding of traditional Republican candidates and policies. An October 2010 "Washington Post" canvass of local Tea Party organizers found 87% saying "dissatisfaction with mainstream Republican Party leaders" was "an important factor in the support the group has received so far". Though many are opposed to GOP leadership, they are even more opposed to President Obama. Some members believe that President Obama was not born in the United States (despite a birth certificate showing he was born in Hawaii).

One of the main positions the Tea Party took was against the debt ceiling (the amount of money the U.S. is allowed to borrow). Many voted against any raising of the debt ceiling. Others demanded large spending cuts and a balanced budget amendment to the U.S. Constitution.

Maurice Wilkins

Maurice Hugh Frederick Wilkins CBE FRS (15 December 1916 – 5 October 2004) was a New Zealand-born English physicist and molecular biologist.

Wilkins was born in New Zealand to a family from Dublin. When he was six, he moved to Birmingham.

His research contributed to the understanding of phosphorescence, isotope separation, light microscopy and X-ray crystallography. 

He worked on the development of radar during World War II, and was a member of the Manhattan Project. 

He is best known for his work at King's College London on the structure of DNA. 

In recognition of this work, he, Francis Crick and James Watson were awarded the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, "for their discoveries concerning the molecular structure of nucleic acids and its significance for information transfer in living material". His obituary provides extensive information on the topics mentioned here.

Wilkins was the Assistant Director of the Biophysics Unit at Kings College, and responsible for work on the structure of DNA. Wilkins and a graduate student, Raymond Gosling, got the first X-ray diffraction photos of DNA in 1950. He introduced Francis Crick to the importance of DNA, and hired Rosalind Franklin on a three-year grant. Franklin made progress with the crystallography, and produced some better photographs of the structure. 

In 1953 Watson visited King's, and Crick got sight of a progress report. This report included useful information from Franklin about features of DNA she had deduced from her X-ray diffraction data.

Watson and Crick published their proposed DNA double helix structure in a paper in the journal "Nature" in April 1953. In this paper Watson and Crick acknowledged that they had been "stimulated by... the unpublished results and ideas" of Wilkins and Franklin.

By this time Franklin was suffering from cancer of the ovary. She died in 1958, which explains why she was not included in the 1962 Nobel Prize. A controversy exists as to the relative contributions of her and Wilkins.

Adolf Eichmann

Otto Adolf Eichmann (19 March 1906 in Solingen – 31 May 1962 in ) was a German SS officer (he had the rank of SS-, comparable with lieutenant colonel). He died at the age of 56 on 1st June 1962 in Israel .

Eichmann was an important person of Nazi Germany during the Third Reich. As head of a subdivision of the Reich Main Security Office ("Reichssicherheitshauptamt, Referat IV B4") he was the architect of The Holocaust who organized the death camps, like the Auschwitz concentration camp, that were used to kill 11 million people during World War 2. 

After the war he escaped and in 1960 was discovered to be living in Argentina. The Israeli secret service, the Mossad, kidnapped him and took him back to Israel. Eichmann was put on trial for war crimes and crimes against humanity. He was found guilty on 11 December 1961, and executed by hanging in Ramla. His body was cremated in an unusually hot furnace, and the ashes were scattered in the sea. Eichmann is one of the few people to ever be executed by Israel.

The trial of Adolf Eichmann was broadcast on radio in Israel, and millions of people around the world watched it on television. This was the first time that victims of the Holocaust talked openly about what had happened. This was an event that helped bring together and unify the many people who had come to live in the new nation of Israel.

He was born in Solingen,Germany on 19 March 1906 he later moved to Linz in Austria-Hungary in 1913 . He joined the Nazi Party/NSDAP on 1 April 1932 in the Austrian Branch of the NSDAP . He also joined the SS which was lead by Heinrich Himmler and deputy head Reinhard Heydrich . In 1941 when Heydrich created the Nazi Genocide known as the Holocaust where he organised the Holocaust Trains from 1941-1945 during WW2 (1939-1945) in Poland by sending the Holocaust victims to Auschwitz concentration camp between 1942 and 1945 in Eastern Europe .

Phat Wilson

Gordon Allan "Phat" Wilson (December 29, 1895 – July 26, 1970) was a Canadian amateur ice hockey forward who won the Allan Cup three times as a member of the Port Arthur Bearcats. Seen as one of the top amateur players of his time, Wilson was added into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1963.

A native of Port Arthur, Ontario, Wilson did not even know how to skate when he joined the town's church league in 1914. Serving as a substitute, he improved his skating enough that he earned a full-time role on his team the following year and played two seasons of junior hockey before joining the Port Arthur War Veterans senior team at the age of 18.

Wilson moved to Iroquois Falls, Ontario, for a season to play in the Northern Ontario Hockey Association (NOHA) in 1921–22 before returning to Port Arthur a year later to play for the Port Arthur Bearcats. He was a top player in the NOHA, leading Port Arthur to an Allan Cup championship in 1925 as Canada's national senior champions. Wilson and the Bearcats repeated as champions the following year and won a third Allan Cup in 1929. Professional teams took note of his play; teams from Calgary, Edmonton and Toronto all offered him but he declined, preferring to remain in his hometown.

He was an outstanding offensive defenceman who won several scoring titles during his career. He retired as a player in 1932 at the age of 37 and took on the dual role of coach and manager of the Bearcats. In recognition of his career in Port Arthur, Wilson was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1962 and the Northwestern Ontario Sports Hall of Fame in its inaugural class of 1982.

In addition to hockey, Wilson played baseball and served as a volunteer and executive in both sports. He was named the first president of Port Arthur's little league when it was founded in 1952 and helped found the community's girls hockey league, serving also as a coach and referee.

Benny Woit

Benedict Francis Woit (January 7, 1928 – December 7, 2016) was a National Hockey League defenceman of the 1950s.

Woit made his presence known as a junior while playing for the Port Arthur Flyers and Bruins of the TBJHL and the St. Mike's Majors of the OHA. He began playing for the Indianapolis Capitals of the AHL for the 1948–49 season. The Detroit Red Wings promoted him in 1951, and his defensive play would help them secure the Stanley Cup in 1952, 54, and 55. Woit was traded to Chicago Black Hawks following the 1954–55 season but never produced as he did with the Red Wings. He went on to play in the AHL and later the EHL, for the Clinton Comets as both a player and a successful head coach. In 334 NHL games Benny Woit recorded 7 goals and 26 assists for 33 points.



Murray Wing

Murray Alan Wing (born October 14, 1950) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the Detroit Red Wings during the 1973–74 NHL season.

Zwolle

There are three towns and villages with the name Zwolle:
Bindi Irwin

Bindi Sue Irwin (born 24 July 1998 in Buderim, Queensland) is an Australian actress, singer, television personality and conservationist. She is the daughter of Terri Irwin and Steve Irwin and has a younger brother Robert Clarence "Bob" Irwin.


Microsoft TechNet

Microsoft TechNet is a website owned by Microsoft, as source for information, news and events for IT professionals. There is also a paid magazine called "TechNet Magazine".

TechNet used to be restricted to paying customers. Now the website is free, with extra possibilities for paying customers.

Tom Araya

Tom Araya (born Tomás Enrique Araya June 6, 1961 in Viña del Mar, Chile) is an Chilean-American musician, best known as the bassist and vocalist of the American thrash metal band Slayer. Araya is ranked fifty-eighth by "Hit Parader" on their list of the 100 Greatest Metal Vocalists of All Time.

Araya was employed as a respiratory therapist in the early 1980s and used his earnings to finance Slayer's debut album "Show No Mercy". Much of Araya's lyrical content is about serial killers, a subject he finds interesting, first making his lyrical contribution to 1985's "Hell Awaits" with the track "At Dawn They Sleep".

Jakob Jantscher

Jakob Jantscher (8 January 1989 in Graz) is an Austrian footballer, he plays as midfielder for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg.

He started his career at SC Unterpremstätten und LUV Graz and than, at the age of 14, he moved to SK Sturm Graz. On October 20, 2007 he made his first match for the first squad versus F. C. Red Bull Salzburg. His first goal was against SC Altach on November 24, 2007. With SK Sturm he won the Austrian Cup in 2010. 2010 he went to F. C. Red Bull Salzburg. In the 2010/11 season he had 22 matches and shot 4 goals and gave one assist.
He has played 23 times for the Austrian national team. His debut in the senior team was on June 6, 2009 in the qualifying match for World Championship 2010 versus Serbia. His first goal was in a friendly match versus Spain, where he scored the only goal for Austria. (1 - 5)

Valery Leontiev

Valery Yakovlevich Leontiev (; born 19 March 1949 in Ust-Usa, Soviet Union) is a well-known Russian and formerly Soviet singer and actor.

Valery Leontiev began his career in Soviet times, and actively continues to this day. He has recorded more than 30 albums.

Andrew Neiderman

Andrew Neiderman (born 1940) is an American novelist. He became a "ghostwriter" for V. C. Andrews after she died. Her estate hired him to complete the "Casteel" series of books and continue her unfinished stories.

Andrew Neiderman is also the author of "The Devil's Advocate," which was made into a movie, and wrote the libretto for a live musical adaptation of "The Devil's Advocate". He is currently (as of 2011) developing a new script with revised music and lyrics.

He is the screenwriter of the movie based on the "Rain" series published as V. C. Andrews' novels. Six of Neiderman's own novels have been adapted into movies also.

As of January 2011, Andrew Neiderman has written 100 published novels, between the V. C. Andrews books and the books published with his name.



Ghostwriter

A ghostwriter is a professional writer whose published work is credited to another person. One famous ghostwriter is Andrew Neiderman. He was hired by the estate of V. C. Andrews, who died in 1986. Niederman completed the "Casteel" series of books and continues writing books credited to Andrews.

Ghostwriters are paid a fee to help write the autobiographies of celebrities, athletes and politicians. They also help write letters, song lyrics, magazine and news articles that get published under someone else's name.

Remember When (Alan Jackson song)

"Remember When" is a country-western song recorded by Alan Jackson. It was the second single released from the 2003 album "Greatest Hits Volume II". "Remember When" reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs and number 29 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

Dasypogonaceae

Dasypogonaceae is a botanical name of a family of flowering plants. Such a family has not been commonly recognized by taxonomists are the plants involved were usually included in the family Ashphodelaceae.

The family is native to Australia, and contains 16 species in four genera.

Classical liberalism

Classical liberalism is a type of liberalism. It is a belief in economics and a political ideology. It is about civil and economic freedom. 

Classical liberals believe in a small government, and believe that people will be ruled mostly by natural law. They believe that people have inalienable rights, which is to say rights that cannot be taken away. They also believe in a free market and property rights. 

Notable people who developed classical liberalism during the 18th and 19th century are Adam Smith, Thomas Malthus and Thomas Jefferson. More recently, in the mid-20th century, Ludwig von Mises, Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman were in favor. Many of the beliefs of classical liberalism are similar to those of libertarianism, in addition to some forms of conservatism.

Safeway Inc.

Safeway, Inc. is the third-largest supermarket chain in North America. The company has around 198,000 employees worldwide. In some of the Safeway stores, they have fuel stations where they allow customers to use a phone number or club (loyalty) card to receive fuel savings. Safeway stores also have a Safeway ATM Network. The name ""Safeway"" came from a contest that was held in 1925 to develop a name for the store and Safeway was chosen. Safeway has stores in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, West Germany, Mexico, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.


Gamma-ray burst

Gamma-ray bursts (GRBs) are flashes of gamma rays from extremely energetic explosions. They have been seen in distant galaxies. They are the most luminous electromagnetic events known to occur in the universe.

Bursts can last from milliseconds to several minutes, although a typical burst lasts a few seconds. The initial burst is usually followed by a longer-lived 'afterglow' emitted at longer wavelengths (X-ray, ultraviolet, visible light, infrared and radio waves).

Most GRBs are a narrow beam of intense radiation released during a supernova, as a huge rapidly spinning star collapses to form a black hole. A subclass of GRBs (the 'short' bursts) seem to come from a different process, perhaps the merger of binary neutron stars.

The sources of most GRBs are billions of light years away from Earth. This suggests the explosions are extremely energetic: a typical burst releases as much energy in a few seconds as the Sun will in its entire 10 billion year lifetime. They are very rare (a few per galaxy per million years).

All observed GRBs have come from outside the Milky Way galaxy. Similar phenomena, soft gamma repeater flares, are associated with magnetars within the Milky Way. It has been suggested that a gamma-ray burst in the Milky Way could cause a mass extinction on Earth. No such case is known.

Gamma-ray bursts were first observed in the late 1960s by the U.S. Vela satellites, which were built to detect gamma radiation pulses emitted by nuclear weapons tested in space.

On July 2, 1967, at 14:19 UTC, the Vela 4 and Vela 3 satellites detected a flash of gamma radiation unlike any known nuclear weapons signature. Uncertain what had happened but not considering the matter particularly urgent, the team at the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory filed the data away for investigation.

By analyzing the different arrival times of the bursts as detected by different satellites, the team was able to determine rough estimates for the sky positions of sixteen bursts and definitively rule out a terrestrial or solar origin. The discovery was published in 1973.

Most observed events last longer than two seconds and are classified as long gamma-ray bursts. They have been studied in much greater detail than their short counterparts. Almost every well-studied long gamma-ray burst has been associated with a rapidly star-forming galaxy and in many cases a core-collapse supernova as well. This links long GRBs with the deaths of massive stars. Long GRB afterglow observations at high redshift (great distances) also suggest GRBs originate in star-forming regions. This is because observing distant galaxies is to look back in time to galaxies at an earlier stage.

Gamma-ray bursts are thought to be highly focused explosions, with most of the explosion energy in a narrow relativistic jet travelling at speeds over 99.995% of the speed of light.

The approximate angular width of the jet (that is, the degree of beaming) can be estimated directly by observing "jet breaks" in afterglow light curves: a time after which the slowly-decaying afterglow begins to fade suddenly, as the jet slows down and can no longer beam its radiation so effectively. Observations suggest significant variation in the jet angle from between 2 and 20 degrees.

Because their energy is strongly beamed (very narrow), the gamma rays emitted by most bursts miss the Earth and are never detected. When a gamma-ray burst is pointed towards Earth, the focusing of its energy along a relatively narrow beam causes the burst to appear much brighter than it would have been were its energy emitted spherically. When this effect is taken into account, typical gamma-ray bursts are observed to have a true energy release of about 10 J, or about 1/2000 of a Solar mass energy equivalent.

This is comparable to the energy released in a bright type Ib/c supernova (sometimes called a 'hypernova'). Very bright supernovae have been seen at the position of some of the nearest GRBs.

Philosophy of religion

Philosophy of religion is a branch of philosophy. Religions, and religious beliefs can manifest themselves in different ways. Philosophy of religion looks into explaining certain answers to questions of religion using understanding. It is also looks into different ways religions are practiced and their importance for the everyday lives of the people practicing them. Other domains of it include criticism and analysis of religious texts using philosophy of language. 

According to Winfried Löffler, philiosphers of religion can be grouped as follows. Many of the philosophers mentioned belong to more than one group:


Philosophy of religion also looks at more practical matters like defining the features that make up a religion. There are two main schools of thought. The one called Essentialist says that all religions have a common"essence". The following have been proposed:
The problem with this is that using only these definitions leas to a common "philiosphy of religion" that is harly usable for studies. The other approach (called "functional") tries to counter this: Rather than trying to get an "abstract idea" of religion, it looks at the use or function religion has in the live of people or societies. Among the things mentioned are that religions help keep a psychological equilibrium and that they provide a certain amount of stability to a society. Thinkers with this opion include Karl Marx, Émile Durkheim, Bronisław Malinowski and Talcott Parsons. Critics of these theories say that such explanations often go against common sense, as religions can also have the popposite effect to that mentioned.

Other topics include arguments for the existence of God, the problem of evil, divine attributes and the relationship between science and religion.

Important philosophers of religion include Thomas Aquinas, Augustine and Alvin Plantinga. Philosophers of religion can be religious or non-religious


Rough-skinned newt

The rough-skinned newt ("Taricha granulosa") is a North American newt known for its strong poison. 

Juveniles live on land for four or five years after metamorphosis. Adults are amphibious, and live in water and on land. Eggs are laid in water. They can be found especially after there has been a lot of rain.

Many newts make toxin in their skin to avoid predation, but the rough-skinned newt is especially poisonous. Toxicity is generally experienced only if the newt feels threatened, although sometimes skin irritation can be experienced after touching it. 

The toxin that the rough-skinned newt makes can either paralyze or kill a human. Recently, a drunk 29-year-old man in Coos Bay, Oregon, died after swallowing a rough-skinned newt for a dare.

Throughout much of the newt’s range, the common garter snake ("Thamnophis sirtalis") is resistant to the newt's toxin. In several populations, these snakes successfully prey upon the newts. Toxin resistant garter snakes are the only known animals today that can eat a "T. granulosa" newt and survive.

This is an example of co-evolution. The snake’s resistance to the toxin has resulted in a selective pressure that favours newts which produce more potent levels of toxin. Increases in newt toxicity then apply a selective pressure favouring snakes with mutations conferring even greater resistance. 

This cycle of a predator and prey co-evolving is sometimes called an evolutionary arms race. In this case it results in the newts producing levels of toxin far in excess of what is needed to kill any other conceivable predator.

Toxic animals usually warn predators that they are not good food. There's no point in being toxic unless it helps survival and reproduction. The underside of these newts is vividly coloured a yellow-orange. When a threat appears, the newt curls up its tail and lifts its head to show the warning colour. This can be seen in photographs.

Habitats of rough-skinned newts are found throughout the west coast of the United States and British Columbia. The southern range extends to California and the northern in Alaska.

SV Mattersburg

SV Mattersburg was an Austrian football club from Mattersburg, Burgenland.
Football came to Mattersburg in 1912 through students from Vienna who played there in their sparetime. The input for forming a football club came from the Sieberer family, which came to Mattersburg from Vienna. Their sons had already played in Viennese football clubs. The SV Mattersburg was founded on Juny, 10th 1922. The club plays since the 2003/04 season in the Austrian Bundesliga, the highst division of Austrian football. The most successful season was 2006/07 reaching the 3rd place. In this year also 4 players of SV Mattersburg have played in the national team (Cem Atan, Michael Mörz, Christian Fuchs,Jürgen Patocka)

Mattersburg was declared bankrupt in August 2020 after their main sponsor, Commerzialbank Mattersburg im Burgenland was closed down following an financial scandal. To continue with the youth football the club was newly founded under the name Mattersburger Sportverein 2020. Since the 2021-22 season they play in the 2. Klasse Mitte Burgenland, the lowest class.



December 2009 North American blizzard

There was a blizzard in Mid December 2009 in the northeast. The blizzard dumped heavy snow and strong winds. of snow fell on Washington D.C..

The storm formed on December 16 in Texas with heavy rain. On December 17, the heavy rain moved NE towards the Northeast and by the evening of December 17 it was in North Carolina. On December 18, the rain turned to snow and was in Virginia in the morning, and in Maryland in the evening. By the night of December 18, it was in Delaware. On December 19 it raced across New jersey, and hit NYC. Blizzard warnings and winter storm warnings have been put in action. Then it moved towards Connecticut and Massachusetts. By December 20, the blizzard wasn't from Maine to Canada and then dissipated over sea.

North Carolina saw mostly heavy rain from the storm, but some of it saw very heavy snow, near-blizzard and even blizzard conditions. Greensboro saw of snow after heavy rain.

Virginia saw mainly heavy snow except for the South and the coastline. to of snow fell on Richmond. Washington saw of snow and was the hot spot for the blizzard.

Maryland saw heavy snow and a blizzard. The blizzard dumped over of snow on Cambridge, and Ocean city, on the immediate coast saw several inches of drenching rain and even thunderstorms.

Delaware saw heavy snow and a blizzard. The blizzard dumped to of snow on Dover. The immediate coast saw rain. The blizzard made rally a lot of heavy snow and strong winds on Delaware.

New Jersey saw a blizzard from the storm. There was heavy snow and strong winds. There were of snow in Camden, and only to in Milford. There was rain in Atlantic City, and Cape May.

New York City saw heavy snow and a blizzard. There were about of snow in NYC. There was some sleet in Bay ridge for a very short moment, and even some light rain

The rest of the Northeast saw also heavy snow, and parts saw a blizzard. Connecticut saw from to of snow in the South, to to of snow in the Northwest. Massachusetts also saw from 0.2 to 0.7 inches in the Northwest, to to in the South.
Maine and Canada also saw similar amounts with sleet and freezing rain near the immediate coast.


National Secular Society

The National Secular Society is a group that campaigns for secularism in the United Kingdom. It was founded by Charles Bradlaugh in 1866.

Jill Scott

Jill Scott (born April 4, 1972) is an American poet, actress, soul and R&B singer and songwriter. She is from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Scott has recorded three albums. She has also acted in some movies and television series. These include "Hounddog", "Why Did I Get Married?" and "The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency".


Heythrop College

Heythrop College is a philosophy and theology college that is part of the University of London. It was started in 1614 in Leuven in Belgium by the Society of Jesus but moved to Stonyhurst in England due to persecution of Catholics.

The college offers undergraduate and postgraduate degree courses in philosophy, theology, religious studies and psychology. It became part of the University of London in 1971. It moved to Kensington in 1993.

Mosaic evolution

In mosaic evolution some characters in a transitional form are basal, while others are remarkably advanced.

Apparently, evolutionary change takes place rapidly in some body parts or systems without simultaneous changes in other parts. Another definition is the "evolution of characters at various rates both within and between species". Its place in evolutionary theory comes under long-term trends or macroevolution.

Evolution from a basal (early) form to a derived (later) form takes place in stages. Modules (groups of characters) change semi-independently of each other. They change at different times, so producing a mosaic of primitive and derived traits.

These changes play a leading role in major evolutionary transitions. It may involve speciations producing a series of species, only a few of which would be found as fossils.

By its very nature, the evidence for this idea comes mainly from palaeontology. It is not claimed that this pattern is universal, but it is common. There are now a wide range of examples from many different taxa.


Huxley had pointed out that "Archaeopteryx" was a mixture of reptile and bird features. Without the feathers and arms, its skeleton looked just like that of "Compsognathus". We now know its bone growth physiology was much slower than modern birds, and more like that of its dinosaur ancestors. This means it would take longer after hatching before it could fly. A modern precocial bird takes for 3–6 weeks from hatching to flying. In "Archaeopteryx" this milestone might have taken about 18 weeks. It might have taken two to three years to reach its final adult size. The evolution of the physiology of modern forms occurred later in the group's history. They have had over 140 million years to evolve since "Archaeopteryx".

It has long been known that changes in the genes which control development cause changes in the final adult animal.

Recent work shows how master control systems in development ('homeoboxes') can organise selective changes in different parts of an organism. This is what underlies mosaic evolution.


Lyoto Machida

Lyoto Carvalho Machida (born May 30, 1978), nicknamed "The Dragon", is a mixed martial arts fighter from Salvador, Brazil. He is a former Ultimate Fighting Championship Light Heavyweight champion. He is a third degree black belt in Machida Karate. He is a first degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. He is known to have great counter-fighting ability. He has now retired.

He has had a fight, as late as April 2021:


Nicktoons Racing

Nicktoons Racing is a Nickelodeon racing game for the PlayStation, Game Boy Advance, Game Boy Color, Windows and arcade. This game was released in 1999.




Tommy Thayer

Tommy Thayer (born November 7, 1960 in Portland, Oregon) is a former guitarist of Black 'N Blue (1981-1989, 1998) and current guitarist of the band Kiss (2002-present).

Tommy Thayer in his childhood was influenced by bands like Black Sabbath and Deep Purple. In early 1980's Tommy Thayer, way the band of Heavy Metal Movie Star, with vocalist Jaime St. James. The band then changed his name to Black N' Blue. Thayer would record four studio albums for the band. Black 'N Blue (1984), Without Love (1985), Nasty Nasty (1986) and In Heat (1988).

His father was World War II general James B. Thayer.

In 1989, Thayer began working for Kiss, co-writing the themes "Betrayed" And "The Street Giveth & The Street Taketh Away" of the album Hot In The Shade (1989). Tommy Thayer replaced guitarist Ace Frehley when leaving Kiss in 2002, He used Frehley's makeup and became the "Spaceman". Tommy Thayer recorded one live album, "Kiss Symphony: Alive IV" (2003) and two studio albums with the band. "Kiss Klassics" (2008), and "Sonic Boom" (2009).

Brazilian jiu-jitsu

Brazilian jiu-jitsu (Portuguese pronunciation: [dʒɪwˈdʒitsu], English: /dʒuːˈdʒɪtsuː/) is a martial art, combat sport, and a self-defense system. It focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting.
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was founded by Helio Gracie who was part of the famous Gracie family. He combined the grappling used in Judo but focused it towards ground fighting. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu often involves the gi but can also be trained without it, wearing only a rash guard. Like Judo it has many chokes and joint locks, but also includes leg-based submissions and strangles. 

Charles Hendry

Charles Hendry is the Member of Parliament for Wealden in East Sussex. He is a member of the Conservative Party.

His predecessor in the Wealden seat was Geoffrey Johnson Smith, also a Conservative.
He was a member fellow of the Atlantic Council Global Energy Center.

Saul Kripke

Saul Kripke (November 13, 1940 – September 15, 2022) is an American philosopher and logician. The work he is best known for is "Naming and Necessity" (1980). Much of his best known work deal with the logic and language. Kripke was born in Bay Shore, New York.

Kripke died of pancreatic cancer on September 15, 2022, in Plainsboro, New Jersey, at the age of 81.

Robert Nozick

Robert Nozick (November 16, 1938 – January 23, 2002) was an American political philosopher. His best known work is "Anarchy, State, and Utopia" (1974). It responds to "A Theory of Justice", a book by John Rawls.

Politically, Nozick was a libertarian. He believed that the government should protect property and resolve contractual disputes but not much else. Nozick also created the thought experiment of the experience machine. 

Graves' disease

Graves' disease is an autoimmune disease of the thyroid. In people affected by the disease, the thyroid produces a bigger quantity of hormones than normal, which is commonly known as hyperthyroidism. It occurs more often in women than men.

Sex shop

A sex shop is a shop that sells adult products including sex toys, pornography, lingerie and fetish goods.

Most countries make it so that children cannot enter sex shops. Some require shops to have warnings outside the shop.

In the United Kingdom, sex shops must not show the products on sale inside the shop so that people on the street can see them. Sex shops in the United Kingdom are the only place where you can buy videos rated as "R18" by the British Board of Film Classification.

Infant attachment

Infant attachment is a special bond first developed in infancy. It is the first relationship an infant has, usually with its mother or parents.

Research on human babies by developmental psychologist Mary Ainsworth in the 1960s and 70s found that children may have different patterns of attachment. This depends mainly on how they experienced their early caregiving environment. Early patterns of attachment, in turn, shape – but do not determine - the individual's expectations in later relationships.

During the first stage of development the mother nurses the baby and the mother and infant(s) stay physically close to each other unless the mother needs to leave to seek food (etc.). While the mother is gone the infant(s) remain hidden and quiet, sometimes in a nest or den.

Infancy is a crucial time of development—of physical growth and of learning, developing social skills to interact with others and learning life skills such as what to eat and how to respond when predators are near.

Infancy is also a time of brain development. In mammals, only some behavior is hard-wired in their brain as a fixed-action pattern. Much behavior is genetically determined only as potential behavioral systems that must be activated and developed. These include: 

With their increasing size of neocortex, primates have progressively more complex social behaviors. Nursing is an integral part of this, and serves four functions:

If the infant is part of a litter it plays with its littermates; if it is a single infant, after the first stage of infancy it will begin peer play with other juveniles nearby, close enough for the mother to quickly respond to any difficulty.

Nursing requires proximity; proximity facilitates social interaction, and social interaction is essential for survival. Attachment exists to varying degrees among non-human mammals; it is greatly increased especially in humans. In hunter-gatherer and village-agricultural societies, the mother typically carried the baby or would leave it briefly with an allomother—someone with whom the child will have a life-long relationship such as a grandmother, aunt, or older sibling. Only with the rise of civilization and wealth, and especially within the last 60 years has this pattern of childraising, embedded in our mammalian biology, been significantly altered.

Conclusions: Infant attachment is a multipurpose behavioral system essential to social animals. During infancy patterns of behavior are established on which other long-term relationships are built. Originating in the infant’s protection, the primary purpose of attachment soon became to support brain development. The establishment of homeostasis of physiological systems, social and emotional development and learning are other functions. Infant attachment is found to some degree in all mammals and is greatly expanded in humans. Attachment is a behavioral system that is present at birth but that must be activated and developed.

Most of the time, the people who take care of a baby are the baby's mother and father. If the mother or the father comes when the baby cries and treats the baby with tenderness, the baby learns that the parents will take care of it. If the mother or the father smile at the baby, talk to the baby, sing to the baby, and hold the baby even when it is not crying, the baby learns that the parents love it. When a baby has learned that it is loved and that it will be taken care of if it cries, it usually grows up to be a person who expects other people to be nice. When a child feels loved and cared for and thinks other people will be nice, that child is said to be securely attached.

Two people were important in thinking about and writing about attachment theory, John Bowlby and Mary Ainsworth.

Bowlby wrote that the care and love a baby gets from its parents cause it to form an important idea. He called this idea the internal working model. The internal working model is how the baby or child thinks about itself, its parents, and other people. When parents have taken loving care of a baby and child, it grows up with a positive internal working model. This child will think that it is lovable, because it was loved. It will think that the parents are good, because they were caring. And the child will not be afraid to try to make friends with new people, because it will expect people to be nice. Children who have a positive internal working model are also likely to be kind to other people. Bowlby believed that a positive internal working model would help people make friends.

Bowlby wrote that the attachment process in people was like the closeness that exists between mother and baby chimpanzees, gorillas and orangutans. In humans, Bowlby believed that attachment developed gradually, in four steps.

Mary Ainsworth saw how mothers treated their babies in different cities and countries. She saw that many ways mothers and babies acted were the same, even when families lives were very different. Ainsworth made a way to test how the attachment relationship between a mother and her young child. She called it "The Strange Situation".


It's On (Dr. Dre) 187um Killa

It's On (<del>Dr. Dre</del>) 187 Killa is the second EP by American rapper, Eazy-E. It was released on October 25, 1993. The producers of the album were Eazy-E, DJ Yella, Rhythum D, Madness 4 Real, Dr. Jam and Cold 187um. The EP was certified 2x Platinum in late 1994. The album is a reply to then rival/former N.W.A bandmate Dr Dre. The songs "Real Muthaphuckkin G's" and "It's On" are diss songs meant to insult Dr Dre and his then new protegee Snoop Doggy Dogg. Other tracks such as "Down 2 tha Last Roach", "Any Last Werdz", "Still a Nigga" and "Exxtra Special Thankz" are about the gangster lifestyle. The song "Gimme That Nutt" tells a rather sexually vulgar story that was banned from being played on radio stations.

Rub' al Khali

The Rub' al Khali or Empty Quarter is a desert in Saudi Arabia. It is one of the largest sand deserts in the world. It covers an area of about 650,000 square kilometres, more than all of Holland, Belgium and France together. Some of the sand dunes are more than 250 metres high.

Bird bath

A bird bath is an artificial "puddle" or small shallow pond, created with a water-filled basin, for birds to bathe in, cool off, and drink from. A bird bath can be a garden decoration, small reflecting pool, or outdoor sculpture.

A bird bath is an attraction for many different species of birds to visit gardens, especially during the summer and drought periods. Bird baths that provide clean and continual water all year makes more birds come.



Robert Bly

Robert Elwood Bly (December 23, 1926 – November 21, 2021) was an American poet, author, activist and leader of the Mythopoetic Men's Movement. He was born in Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota.

Bly's early collection of poems, "Silence in the Snowy Fields," was published in 1962, and its plain style had considerable influence on American poems of the next two decades. The following year, he published "A Wrong Turning in American Poetry", an essay.

In 1966, Bly co-founded American Writers Against the Vietnam War. In 1968, he signed the “Writers and Editors War Tax Protest” pledge, vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the war. When he won the National Book Award for "The Light Around the Body," he contributed the prize money to the Resistance. During the 1970s, he published eleven books of poetry, essays, and translations. During the 1980s he published "Loving a Woman in Two Worlds," "The Wingéd Life: Selected Poems and Prose of Thoreau," "The Man in the Black Coat Turns," and "A Little Book on the Human Shadow".

Among his most famous works is "," an international bestseller which has been translated into many languages.

Bly died at his home in Minneapolis, Minnesota on November 21, 2021, at the age of 94.


Mount Gongga

Mount Gongga is a mountain in the Daxue Shan range, in Sichuan China. It is also known as Gongga Shan and Minya Konka. The name Minya Konka means "White Ice Mountain of Minyang". It is the 41st highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Richard Burdsall and Terris Moore, in 1932. It was not climbed again until 1957.

Mount Gongga is thought of as one of the hardest and most dangerous mountains to climb. There have been many deaths on the mountain. These include a group of eight Japanese climbers in 1981. Until 1999, more people had died on the mountain than had made it to the top.

Jared Carter

Jared Carter (born January 10, 1939) is an American poet.

Carter studied at Yale University. After military service and travel abroad, he made his home in Indianapolis, where he has lived since 1969.

Carter writes in free verse and in traditional forms. Much of his early work is set in Mississinewa County, an imaginary place that includes the actual Mississinewa River. In recent years, as Carter began to publish his poems on the web, his poetry has ranged farther.

His first collection, "Work, for the Night Is Coming", won the Walt Whitman Award. His second, "After the Rain", received the Poets' Prize. His poems have appeared in literary journals in the U.S. and in the "Twentieth-Century American Poetry," "Contemporary American Poetry," and "Writing Poems." 


Red Bull Arena (Salzburg)

The Red Bull Arena is a football stadium in Salzburg, Wals-Siezenheim. It is the home ground of F.C. Red Bull Salzburg and FC Liefering. During the Euro 2008 football championship it was one of four venues in Austria. It has a capacity of 30,188. 

The arena was built in 2003 and opened on March 8th, 2003 with a match between SV Austria Salzburg vs. FC Kärnten. The score was 1-1. It replaced the Stadion Lehen. The building is not in the city of Salzburg but in the neighbouring borough of Wals-Siezenheim. For international matches the ground is called "EM Stadion Wals-Siezenheim". The architects were Schuster Architekten (Düsseldorf) and Atelier Albert Wimmer (Wien). In 2005 two video boards were erected.

At this time the capacity was around 18,000 but was expanded to over 30,000 in 2006 because the ground was used for the Euro 2008. A second balcony was built. The new stadium was presented with a match against Arsenal F.C., in which Red Bull Salzburg won 1-0. After the Euro it was decided, despite of neighbour protests, that this balcony should stay for further use by Red Bull Salzburg. The stadium was the only one in Austria with an artificial turf, but since 2010 the arena has switched to natural grass. FC Red Bull Salzburg play their games here, which was rented from another owner. Therefore, the stadium is indirectly owned by the state of Salzburg.

John James Audubon

John James Audubon (April 26, 1785 – January 27, 1851) was a French-American ornithologist, naturalist, hunter, and painter. He painted, described, and put in catalogues the birds of North America. His "Birds of America" is a collection of 435 life-size prints. It is still a standard against which 20th and 21st century bird artists are measured.

Audubon was born in Saint Domingue (now Haiti). He was the illegitimate son of a French sea captain and plantation owner and his French mistress. He was raised by his stepmother in Nantes, France. Early interests included birds, nature, drawing, and music. In 1803, at the age of 18, he was sent to America to escape conscription into Napoleon’s army. He lived on the family-estate at Mill Grove, near Philadelphia. It was here that he hunted, studied and drew birds. He married Lucy Bakewell. The couple became the parents of two sons, Victor Gifford and John Woodhouse. A daughter died in infancy. 

Audubon set up a dry goods business on the western frontier in Henderson, Kentucky. He continued to draw birds as a hobby. He was quite successful in business, but hard times hit. In 1819 he was briefly jailed for bankruptcy. Audubon had few prospects. He set off with his gun, his artist’s materials, and a young assistant to paint America's birds. Floating down the Mississippi River, he lived a rugged hand-to-mouth existence in the South. His wife earned money as a tutor to rich plantation families. In 1826 he sailed with his partly finished collection of bird drawings to England. "The American Woodsman" was an overnight success. 

Audubon found a printer for the "Birds of America", first in Edinburgh, then London, and later collaborated with the Scottish ornithologist William MacGillivray on the "Ornithological Biographies" – life histories of each of the species in the work.est comfort. The last print of his monumental work was issued in 1838. By this date, Audubon was famous. He traveled America several more times in search of birds, and settled in New York City. He made one more trip to the West in 1843 for his work of mammals, the "Viviparous Quadrupeds of North America". It was largely completed by his sons. The text was written by his long-time friend, the Lutheran pastor John Bachman (whose daughters married Audubon’s sons). Audubon spent his last years in senility and died at age 65. He is buried in the Trinity Cemetery at 155th Street and Broadway in New York City.

The National Audubon Society writes: "Audubon’s story is one of triumph over adversity; his accomplishment is destined for the ages. He encapsulates the spirit of young America, when the wilderness was limitless and beguiling. He was a person of legendary strength and endurance as well as a keen observer of birds and nature. Like his peers, he was an avid hunter, and he also had a deep appreciation and concern for conservation; in his later writings he sounded the alarm about destruction of birds and habitats. It is fitting that today we carry his name and legacy into the future".

In December 2010, "The Economist" magazine estimated that, adjusted for inflation, five of the ten highest prices ever paid for printed books were paid for copies of "Birds of America". Of the 119 copies known to survive, only eleven are held in private collections. 

On 6 December 2010, a complete copy of the first edition was sold in London at Sotheby's for £7,321,250 (about $11.5 million). The winning bid was a record auction price for a printed book and was placed by a London-based art dealer, who outbid three others during the auction. According to the provenance details reported by the auction house, the copy's original owner was Henry Witham of Durham, listed as subscriber #11 in Audubon's "Ornithological biography".


Lorine Niedecker

Lorine Faith Niedecker (English: pronounced Needecker) (May 12, 1903 – December 31, 1970) is a poet who was the only woman associated with the Objectivist poets.

Max Martin

Karl Martin Sandberg, known professionally as Max Martin, (born 26 February 1971) is a Swedish music producer and songwriter. Raised in Sweden, he became a producer and songwriter in the mid 1990s after writing a string of hits for pop artists like the Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, *NSYNC, Kelly Clarkson, Katy Perry, and Pink, Taylor Swift, among many others. 

Some of his earlier hits include I Want It That Way, Baby One More Time, "Larger Than Life", "Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely", "Oops!...I Did It Again", "Everybody (Backstreet's Back)", "That's the Way It Is", and "It's My Life".

He also helped the Cheiron Studios create the Album "The Bridge", which has sold more than six million copies worldwide, including one million in the United States.

Raise Your Glass

"Raise Your Glass" is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Pink. It was released as the lead single of her album, "Greatest Hits... So Far!!!". It celebrates the ten years Pink has spent in the music industry. She said it was for the fans who supported her during these years.

The song was released in October 2010. It was praised by critics who said it was a party anthem. It was successful commercially as well. It reached the Top 10 in several countries, including the United States. There it became Pink's second solo number one hit, following "So What," and her third overall.

Shellback (producer)

Karl Johan Schuster (born February 1, 1985), better known by his stage name Shellback, is a songwriter, record producer and musician from Karlshamn, a small town in Southern Sweden. Together with Max Martin, he wrote "So What" and "Raise Your Glass" by Pink, "If U Seek Amy" and "3" by Britney Spears, "DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love" by Usher featuring Pitbull, and "Whataya Want from Me" by Adam Lambert. Also with Martin he co-wrote the Maroon 5 single One More Night.

Vocal range

Vocal range is the measure of the pitches that a human voice can make. Although the study of vocal range is not used in terms of speech, it is a topic of study within linguistics, phonetics, and speech and language pathology. However, the most common use of the term "vocal range" is in singing, where it is used for classifying singing voices into groups.

RCA Records

RCA Records (originally The Victor Talking Machine Company, then RCA Victor) is one of the flagship labels of Sony Music Entertainment. The RCA initials stand for Radio Corporation of America (later renamed RCA Corporation), which was the parent corporation from 1929 to 1985 and a partner from 1985 to 1986.

RCA's Canadian unit the Sony's oldest label in Canada, because it was only one of two Canadian record labels to survive the Great Depression.

Compact Disc single

A CD single (sometimes abbreviated to CDS) is a music single in the form of a Compact Disc. The format was introduced in the mid-1980s, but was not sold much in the market until the early 1990s.

Music download

A music download is the act of downloading a song from the Internet to a user's computer. This term can mean both legal downloads (by paying to download the music) and downloads of copyright material without permission or paying.

As of 2006, digital music sales are estimated to have reached about US$2 billion. Around the world in 2006, an estimated 509 million songs were purchased online.

There are many websites that let you download music. Some of these sites are iTunes, Google Play, Windows Store, and Amazon.com. , The biggest of these stores is iTunes, which is run by Apple, and had an income of $1.1 billion in 2011.

Maratone Studio

Maratone is a music production company, started by two music producers and songwriters, Max Martin and Tom Talomaa. It was started in January 2001 after the closing of the Cheiron Studios.

The first songs to be written and produced at Maratone were four tracks for Britney Spears´ third album "Britney".

With Kelly Clarkson's hits "Since U Been Gone" and "Behind These Hazel Eyes", which were produced at Maratone, Max Martin had reinvented himself (together with Lukasz Gottwald) by using a completely different sound than the "Cheiron sound" which he was so famous for. He has continued to use the new rock sound on hits for a-ha, Pink and many more.


About.com

About.com is an online source for information and advice. It is written in English, and is aimed mostly at North Americans. It is owned by The New York Times Company.

About.com is divided into topic sites, which are grouped into channels and subjects such as home repair, pediatrics, and weather. The content is written by a network of writers, referred to as Guides, who have experience in the subject they look after. Each Guide looks after one subject only.

Guides receive money of about $100,000 per year, although the exact number is not told.

Blogcritics

Blogcritics is a blog network and online magazine of news and opinion. The site—a self-proclaimed "sinister cabal of superior writers"—was founded in 2002 by Eric Olsen and Phillip Winn. Blogcritics features hundreds of original articles every week, and keeps an archive of all their published content.

Digital Spy

Digital Spy is a British entertainment and media news website. According to comScore figures, it is the fourth largest British entertainment website with 2.1 million special users on its news site. According to Alexa Internet traffic statistics, as of February 2011, Digital Spy is the 93rd most popular website in the United Kingdom, with an overall Alexa ranking of 2,088.

George Beadle

George Wells Beadle (October 22, 1903 – June 9, 1989) was an American geneticist.

He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Edward Tatum; they shared the prize with Joshua Lederberg, who worked with Tatum on bacterial genetics.

Beadle and Tatum discovered the role of genes in regulating biochemical synthesis in cells.

Beadle and Tatum's key experiments involved exposing the bread mould "Neurospora crassa" to x-rays, causing mutations. In a series of experiments, they showed that these mutations caused changes in specific enzymes involved in pathways making proteins. They proposed a direct link between genes and enzymatic reactions, known as the "one gene, one enzyme" hypothesis.

George Wells Beadle was born at Wahoo, Nebraska, on October 22, 1903. He was the son of farmers; his parents owned and operated a 40-acre (160,000 m) farm.

George might himself have become a farmer if one of his teachers had not directed his mind towards science, and the College of Agriculture at Lincoln, Nebraska.

In 1926, after his degree, he worked on hybrid wheat and "Zea mays". In 1931 he was awarded a National Research Council Fellowship at the California Institute of Technology at Pasadena, where he remained from 1931 until 1936. During this period he continued his work on Indian corn and began, in collaboration with Dobzhansky and Sturtevant work on crossing-over in the fruit fly, "Drosophila melanogaster".

In 1935 Beadle visited Paris for six months to work with Boris Ephrussi at the Institut de Biologie physico-chimique. Together they began the study of the development of eye pigment in "Drosophila" which later led to the work on the biochemistry of the genetics of the "fungus" "Neurospora".

In 1937 Beadle was appointed Professor of Biology (Genetics) at Stanford University and there he remained for nine years, working for most of this period in collaboration with Tatum.

In 1946 he returned to the California Institute of Technology as Professor of Biology and Chairman of the Division of Biology. Here he remained until January 1961 when he was elected Chancellor of the University of Chicago and, in the autumn of the same year, President of this university.

George Beadle died on June 9, 1989.

The work of Beadle & Tatum was continued later by E.B. Lewis who worked on the way genes control the development of embryos, and by Phillip Sharp & Richard Roberts who discovered of introns and RNA splicing. All three won Nobel Prizes for their work.

In 1977, work by the Sharp and Roberts labs showed that genes of higher organisms are "split" or present in several distinct segments along the DNA molecule.

The coding regions of the gene are separated by non-coding DNA that is not involved in protein expression. The non-coding regions, the introns, are cut from the precursor mRNAs in a process called "splicing". The split gene structure was found to be common to most eukaryotic genes. For this reason, one gene–one enzyme does not hold in the simple way put forward by Beadle and Tatum. This is because

However, their work was a great step forward in its time.

Nur Muhammad Taraki

Nur Muhammad Taraki (1917–1979) was an Afghan politician. With other people he founded the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan, who stopped the monarchy in Afghanistan. Taraki was president of Afghanistan in 1978 and 1979. Taraki started economic reforms in mid-1978.

KMFDM

KMFDM (originally Kein Mehrheit Für Die Mitleid, loosely translated by the band as "no pity for the majority") is a German industrial metal band. The four members of the band are leader, singer, and bassist Sascha Konietzko, singer Lucia Cifarelli, guitarist Andee Blacksugar, and drummer Andy Selway. The band has sold more than 2 million albums.

KMFDM formed on February 29, 1984, in Paris, France. They made eleven albums between then and 1999, when the band broke up. The band got back together in 2002, and has made eleven albums between then and 2022.



V. C. Andrews

Cleo Virginia Andrews (V. C. Andrews) (June 6, 1923 – December 19, 1986) was an American writer from Portsmouth, Virginia. Her best-selling stories included "My Sweet Audrina" and two series of books about the "Dollanganger" and "Casteel" families. 

Her stories were written in English and translated into French, Italian, German, Spanish, Dutch, Japanese, Korean, Turkish, Greek, Finnish, Hungarian, Swedish, Portuguese and Hebrew.

Her first novel, "Flowers in the Attic," was published in 1979. 

V. C. Andrews died from breast cancer in 1986, leaving behind some unpublished stories. The estate of V. C. Andrews hired a ghostwriter, Andrew Neiderman, to continue the stories, which are still published under the name V. C. Andrews. 




This series and all subsequent novels were written by Neiderman, but are attributed to Andrews.



















LGBT rights in Pakistan

Since 6 October 1860, it has been a crime to participate in homosexual acts. Unlike in India, this Section 377 of the British Indian penal code (Law) is still the law. Homosexuality is also thought of as a taboo vice in Pakistan. There is not a lot of opposition to the law. If individual orientation and acceptance is not enough, young boys in some cases are forced to delve into sexual activities with older predatory men. The major religions in Pakistan do not say that homosexuality is okay. Because of this, many people in the country do not like homosexuality and other forms of alternative sexual orientation. The LGBT community can socialize, organize, date, and even live together as couples, but they have to mostly do it in secret.

Pakistan is officially an Islamic Republic. However, in reality, Pakistan is largely secular. It mainly has Anglo-Saxon laws which were inherited from the British. It is slowly becoming more liberal. Globalization and social tolerance are also increasing. Because of this, public gay parties have been taking place in the country, and these parties have been thriving for a number of years.
The Constitution of Pakistan does not mention sexual orientation or gender identity. There are certain parts in the Constitution that may affect the rights of LGBT Pakistani citizens. In 2018, Parliament passed the Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Act which established broad protections for transgender people. Earlier, in a historic 2009 ruling, the Supreme Court of Pakistan ruled in favour of civil rights for transgender citizens, and further court rulings upheld and increased these rights. Pakistan does not have civil rights laws to stop discrimination or harassment on the basis of sexual orientation. Same-sex marriages or civil unions are not allowed. There are more people—especially those born to parents who have been educated in the developed world, who are usually University graduates and have some sort of understanding about evolution and sexuality—who are Coming out to their friends and introducing them to their same-sex partner.

Most South Asian nations have a concept, or idea, called "hijra", or third gender. While the term is commonly used in South Asia, it is considered derogatory in Urdu. The term "Khawaja Sara" is used instead. They are sometimes referred to as Transgender, Intersex or Eunuchs in English language publications. People who belong the third gender are thought of as being neither man nor woman. In Pakistan, there is a lively culture of hijras. They are sometimes called transsexuals in English writings. Like transgender people in many countries, hijras are sometimes made fun of, abused, or treated violently. They are accepted in some ways. This is because of the position they held in precolonial Desi society. At weddings they often dance as entertainment for the men. They are also welcome among the women. As most of the government and business documents in Pakistan are in English, the term "third gender" has been chosen to represent individuals that identify themselves as transsexual, atransgender person, a cross-dresser, a transvestite or as Eunuchs.<ref name="https://www.theguardian.com"></ref> 

Hijras are usually tolerated in Pakistani society. They are thought of as blessed in the Pakistani culture. Most hijras are thought to be cultural descendants (or relatives) of court eunuchs from the Mughal era. Hijras are thought to be born with Genital dysphoria. People sometimes feel afraid that the hijras might curse them so that they become the same way. Because of this, people listen to the hijras' needs, give them alms (or charity), and invite them to events and special occasions, like the birth of a child, a child's circumcision, or weddings. Hijra communities live a very secretive life. Because of this, many people see the hijras as mysterious. 

The Asian slur is usually a pejorative term used to refer to effeminate gay men. It is often rooted and shortened to . That is an Indian/Pakistani slang/swear word. It would translate to 'of the Arse'. The English translation for subtitles is often 'Arsehole' or rudely as Bummer/Bumsex). It is the same contexed offensive word used as in the Occidental term of faggot for gay men.

In 2004, it was reported that Lahore alone has 10,000 active transvestites.

People started accepting acts of Sex reassignment surgery to change their sex as compelled by Gender dysphoria. Some such cases have come into the limelight. A 2008 ruling at Pakistan's Lahore High Court gave permission to Naureen, 28, to have a sex change operation, although the decision was applicable only towards people suffering from gender dysphoria.

On the 18th of June in 2016 a small clerical body in Lahore know as Tanzeem Ittehad-I-Ummat declared Transgender marriages legal under Islamic law. These clerics are affiliated to the Pakistan-based organization issued a Fatwa on Pakistani transgender people where a trans woman (born male) with "visible signs of being a woman" is allowed to marry a man, and a trans man (born female) with "visible signs of being a man" is allowed to marry a woman. Pakistani transsexuals can also change their gender. Muslim ritual funerals also apply. Depriving transgender people of their inheritance, humiliating, insulting or teasing them were also declared Haraam. Although there are no Fatāwās by a Mufti for it or against the ("Zenanas") or Eunuchs and Hermaphrodites within the country, that remains a debatable issue for the existing various sexual minority diverse communities.

On the 5th of February in 2018, a Senate committee determined that transgender people could inherit property without being required to have their gender decided by a medical board. Some hijras in Pakistan use hormones and silicone to bring focus on their feminine characteristics; however, this is usually done in terrible medical conditions without proper equipment and supervision, as expensive Sex change surgeries in Pakistan are not done mostly due to lack of education on the topic and the taboos of society.

Even though the Pakistani Government recognizes a third gender on ID cards, many people from the LGBT community do not apply for it as they will not be allowed to enter the holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia as a transgender person.

Despite the British Raj law, Pakistan was still a very much an open society. Gay Pakistanis had a much better experience in Pakistan than they did in London or elsewhere. But that changed in the 1980s, under Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq, His government took the law to lifetime imprisonment, and even death in certain areas under Sharia law. More and more Wahhabi-style religious schools or madrasas were opened in the country, generally with money from the Middle East as well as teachers educated in that region.

The British Broadcasting Corporation noted in 2005 that gay life in Pakistan was still “less inhibited than in the west.” This is because the culture is much stronger than the laws. People deny the history of gay life in Pakistan. While in Pakistan speaking to the National Public Radio, Pakistani-American scholar Taymiya R. Zaman, an expert in Islamic History, said that “You can’t look at something that already existed – and there is a shrine devoted to it – and now say it was unacceptable.” In March 2012 at the Human Rights Council, Hina Jilani, who was then also Chair of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan and former Special Representative of the Secretary-General said, "it was very important to emphasize that a serious obstacle was the persistent denial of protection for people from violence on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. That denial and rejection was not prudent for any Government that claimed commitment to the promotion and protection of human rights. It was not convincing when culture and religion were used as a shield and an excuse for failure to protect. There was no notion of responsibility that allowed duty bearers to selectively hold out on protection."

The 18th century British colonists in the Mughal-Muslim Indian subcontinent, were repulsed by the sight of Hijras (transgenders) and baffled over why they were accorded so much respect in royal courts and other spheres of life. After deposing the Mughals, and in discharging the white man’s burden of civilising the inferior races, the British colonists enacted the so-called Criminal Tribes Act, 1871 to declare what they called Eunuchs (transgenders) a criminal tribe on the theory that certain tribes were genetically criminal and must be placed under surveillance. By invoking the power of criminal law the British colonists attacked the dignity of transgender community and eventually forcing them to adopt begging, and prostitution. Transgenders lost their royal status and gradually were excluded from all respectable social circles. In order to survive, some transgenders took to dancing performances at the birth of a new child in the community, collecting Wadhais (tips). Some developed the art of clapping and dancing. Some developed the art of lampooning and were invited to the wedding feasts of the well-to-do to make fun of the groom, the guests, and even the politicians. They played the same role of amusing private gatherings as do late-night TV comedians in the United States. After formal dissolution of the British Empire the Criminal Tribes Act was repealed with respect to transgenders. However, the damage done to transgenders was irreparable. A pejorative word Khusra is in active currency to denigrate the personality of transgenders. Friends might tease a feminine-looking friend as a Khusra. An incompetent politician is called a Khusra. In both modern India and Pakistan, the word Khusra is associated with impotence, incompetence, and powerlessness. In Pakistan, the people have forgotten the spiritual role that the transgenders played in Islam. Transgenders are ridiculed and insulted. Popular TV shows, such as Khabarnaak and Khabardaar, make cruel jokes against transgender community. One of these shows is headed by a lawyer licensed to practice before the high courts of Pakistan.

A number of the more liberal, secular parties in Pakistan to agree in principle to granting rights to various LGBT communities in the country, but are afraid to act too openly or quickly due to fear of extremist religious groups such as the Taliban who are against any such rights.

Such parties and leaders have said that Pakistan needs to be more open, in public, about sexual orientation and gender identity issues. Yet, the sense persists that no public organization, club, or society would be allowed to endorse (or officially support) LGBT human rights, or even act as a social network for LGBT people, in the Islamic State. Only the "Pakistan Greens" has publicly expressed support for LGBT rights for its citizens in general and abroad and has called for greater public openness and awareness about sexual orientations and gender identity issues. 

Surprisingly, 60% of Pakistanis would have no concerns about having a gay or lesbian neighbour, and 32% of Pakistani people support gay marriage.

Pakistani media strictly censors LGBT related news stories. In late 2013, the Government of Pakistan censored the website Queerpk.com from being viewed.

In 2009, the Supreme Court of Pakistan ordered that the NADRA issue National Identity Cards to members of the T Community showing their distinct gender.

"It's the first time in the 62-year history of Pakistan that such steps are being taken for our welfare", Almas Bobby, a Khawaja Sara association's president, said to Reuters, "It's a major step towards giving us respect and identity in society. We are slowly getting respect in society. Now people recognize that we are also human beings."

The Supreme Court of Pakistan officially recognised a third gender category for Pakistani passports in December 2018. Pakistan now allows transgender, intersex, and hijra individuals to obtain documents that match their gender identity, whether male, female, or third gender.
In 2009, the Pakistan Supreme Court, delivered a ruling, recognizing the dignity of transgenders and declaring them the third gender under the equal protection clause of the Pakistani Constitution. Article 25 states that “There Shall be no discrimination on the basis of sex.” The Supreme Court noted that transgender persons had been neglected "“On account of gender disorder in their bodies.”" They had been denied the inheritance rights as they were neither sons nor daughters who inherit under Islamic law. To remedy discrimination against transgenders, the Court ordered provincial and federal governments to protect transgenders’ gender identification, right to inherit property, right to vote, right to education, and right to employment. This shall include the recognition of trans identity in legal documents such as passports, ID cards, and driver licenses, and prohibiting discrimination in employment, schools, work-place, public transit, healthcare… etc, as well as the right for inheritance in accordance to their chosen gender. Furthermore, the law tells the government to build protection centres and safe houses for the transgender community.

On the 23rd of September in 2012, the Supreme Court of Pakistan acted in a very bold manner and defied the religious right, by granting for the first time, three basic rights to transsexuals:


The 'Third gender' was officially protected from discrimination by the Supreme Court of Pakistan in 2010. 

On the 9th of January in 2017, the Lahore High Court ordered the Government to include transgender people in the national census. The Pakistan Supreme Court compares transgender persons with “disabled persons“ and articulates their gender status as “gender disorder.” Before the British invasion gender ambiguity and transgender Identity was seen as normal,

On the 29th of December in 2018, Pakistan's first trans pride parade was held in Lahore to celebrate the landmark Transgender rights law passed earlier during that year.

In 2018, Nisha Rao attained her law degree from Karachi's Sindh Muslim Law College and became Pakistan's first transgender lawyer. 

In early 2019 The word "TRANSGENDER" translated as مُتَجَنَّس / Mutajannis for the first time in the Urdu language by the Lahore-Pakistan based Organization HOPE - Have Only Positive Expectations. Earlier than this there was no translation which covered the whole Transgender spectrum.

In 2020, a transgender woman named Gul Panra was shot dead in the Pakistani city of Peshawar. This is the latest case of attacked on the LGBT community in the county. Along with her, a friend of was also injured, but escaped death. Gul was a Pashto singer in her professional life. Since 2015, it is reported that 68 transgender people were murdered in Pakistan. A total of 479 transgender people were attacked since 2018 in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. These figures may not include the actual figure, as recording of anti-trans violence is poor.

Homosexuality is still illegal in the Pakistan-administered Kashmir. Pakistan was one of the 67 signatory nations opposing the UN declaration on Sexual orientation and Gender Identity, which failed to pass. In Kashmir same-sex marriages, civil unions, and domestic partnerships are not recognised. There are no legal protections against discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.


Spain Davis Cup team

The Spain Davis Cup team represents Spain in the Davis Cup tennis competition.
Spain has won the Davis Cup four times (2000, 2004, 2008 and 2009), and finished at second position three times (1965, 1967, 2003).

Wilby, Suffolk

Wilby is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk part of Suffolk in eastern England. It is around nine miles south-east of Diss, in 2001 there was 231 people living in Wilby. It has a primary school, village hall, Church, Trucking company (TG Askews) and a phone box (cards only).

Between 1908 and 1952 the village had a railway station on the Mid-Suffolk Light Railway.

Road Warrior Hawk

Michael James Hegstrand (September 12, 1957 – October 19, 2003) was an American professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW) under the ring name, Road Warrior Hawk. He is probably best known for wrestling as one half of the tag team, Road Warriors in WCW and The Legion of Doom in WWF. On April 2, 2011, He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Dusty Rhodes as part of The Road Warriors along with their manager, Paul Ellering.

Hegstrand held many championships during his professional wrestling career:


















Developing 8 Countries

The Developing 8 (D-8 or Developing Eight) are a group of developing countries with large Muslim populations that have formed an economic development alliance. It consists of Bangladesh, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, Malaysia, Nigeria, Pakistan, and Turkey.

Next Eleven

The Next Eleven (or N-11) are eleven countries—Bangladesh, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, Mexico, Nigeria, Pakistan, Philippines, South Korea, Turkey and Vietnam—that Goldman Sachs investment bank says will probably become some of the world's largest economies in the 21st century, together with the BRICS. The bank chose these states on December 12, 2005 because they are good places for people to invest money, and are likely to become a lot richer soon. 

Captain America: The First Avenger

Captain America: The First Avenger is an American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America. It was produced by Kevin Feige and directed by Joe Johnston. The film was produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film is the fifth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). It was released on July 22, 2011. The movie was converted to 3-D, but not filmed that way. Filming took place in Los Angeles, and the Northern Quarter of Manchester, England, United Kingdom. The special effects company Lola made the effects for Steve's body before he becomes Captain America.

The film was first shown in the El Capitan Theatre on July 19, 2011. It was first released in the United States on July 22. It was a part of of the MCU. The film made over $370 million around the world.

The start of the film happens in the present day. A group of scientists find an old frozen airplane with a man frozen in it, with a shield. The rest of the film happens in World War Two. Johann Schmidt (also called the Red Skull) the leader of a group called HYDRA steals a powerful weapon called the Tesseract. A man called Steve Rogers wants to join the army, but is too weak and is told he cannot. A doctor called Abraham Erskine lets him join a program that gives him super strength, making him a "super-soldier". Erskine is killed by a man from HYDRA and Steve is made to become an entertainer called Captain America, until he finds out his friend Bucky was taken prisoner by HYDRA. He saves Bucky and the other soldiers, and becomes Captain America. Steve and the rescued soldiers become friends, and they fight HYDRA in World War Two. In one mission, Bucky falls off of a train and it looks like he was killed. Steve discovers that Schmidt and HYDRA are using the Tesseract to make weapons, which he wants to use to win the war. He fights Schmidt, who is killed when he holds the Tesseract. Steve has to sacrifice himself to get rid of the weapons by crashing the airplane they are on into the Arctic. He is found 70 years later, and wakes up. Nick Fury then talks to him about joining the Avengers.


It took a long time for the making of the film to get started. In April 1997, Marvel went to Mark Gordon and Gary Levinsohn to get them to produce "Captain America", and Larry Wilson and Leslie Bohem to write a script. In May 2000, they went to Artisan Entertainment to get them to pay for the film, but a lawsuit between Joe Simon and Marvel Comics made the development stop. It started again in September 2003. Marvel was going to give the rights to making the film to Warner Bros. until the producer David Maisel said that they could make it themself. The film was meant to be unconnected to any others, with the first part happening in World War Two and the second part happening in the present day.

Production of the film stopped because of the 2007—2008 Writers Guild of America strike, but a deal was soon made in January 2008 that got development started again. On May 5, 2008, Marvel announced the film "The First Avenger: Captain America" (which it what the film used to be called) for release on May 6, 2011 (the film got pushed back to July 22, 2011).

In December 2009, director Joe Johnston indicated that he planned to start filming in April 2010.

In March 2010, it was revealed that Chris Evans would play Captain America and Hugo Weaving would play the Red Skull.

Filming of the movie began on June 28, 2010. It was announced that some of the filming would happen in London in July, with war scenes being filmed in Wales. Some filming also took place at Pinewood Studios, which is a studio in Buckinghamshire.

The film was first shown at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood on July 19, 2011, and was shown at San Diego Comic Con on July 21, 2011. It was released in the US and Canada on July 22, 2011.

"Captain America: The First Avenger" was released by Paramount Home Media Distribution on Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D and DVD on October 25, 2011.

A sequel to the movie called "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" was released on 4 April 2014.

Another sequel called "Captain America: Civil War" was released on May 6, 2016. It was directed by the Russo Brothers again.


Industrial metal

Industrial metal is a heavy metal musical genre that draws from industrial music and many different types of heavy metal, using repeating metal guitar riffs, sampling, synthesizer or sequencer lines, and distorted vocals. Founding industrial metal acts include Ministry, Godflesh, and KMFDM. Industrial metal's popularity led to some criticism from other artists associated with the industrial scene. Subsequently, it is most well known in various European permutations. Industrial metal groups have produced many acclaimed music videos.

John Rawls

John Rawls (February 21, 1921 – November 24, 2002) was an American political philosopher. His is known best for writing the book on social justice, "A Theory of Justice" (1971).

Melinoe

In Greek mythology, Melinoe is the goddess of ghosts. She is the daughter of Persephone and Hades. She lives in the Underworld. She has a pale complexion and a short temper and takes after her father in almost every way, except from her beauty that she gets from her mother Persephone. Melinoe has the powers to turn any mortal insane by her phantoms.

Little is known about Melinoe, but ancient Greeks used to conduct rituals and acts of praises to her as a sign of devotion and to garner protection from ghosts.

2. Liga

Admiral Zweite Liga is the name of the second division in Austrian football.
The league was formed in 1975. The name "Erste Liga" was not new, because before the Second World War the name was in use for the second division in football. From 1949 to 1975 the 3 Regionalligen were the second level. With some modifications the league still exists.

There were ten clubs in the league. The champion promotes to the Bundesliga, the last team of the Bundesliga is relegated to the Erste Liga. The last three teams of this league are relegated to the Regionalliga, the champions of the 3 Regionalligen are promoted to the Erste Liga as fare they are licenced. Beginning with the 2018–19 season the former First League changed its name to the Second League and expanded from ten teams to 16 teams. Also amateurteams of a club from the Bundesliga are allowed.

In the 2020-21 season the Regionalliga was suspended due to the COVID-pandemic. Therefor no team was relegated from Liga 2. SK Rapid Wien II , SK Vorwärts Steyr and SV Horn stayed in the league. 
The 3rd of the league Austria Klagenfurt played relegationmatches versus SKN St. Pölten and won 5:0 (4:0 and 1:0) and was promoted to the Bundesliga.


SV Kapfenberg

The Kapfenberger SV is a football club from Kapfenberg, Styria.
The club was founded in 1919. Before the Second World War he played under the name Kapfenberger SC and was an important part of Styrian football. 1947 the club was new founded and got new sections (table tennis, ski and handball). During the 1950´s and 60´s Kapfenberg played in the Staatsliga A and in the 1980´s in the 2.Division. In 1997 the club, which was only a section of the SV, was dissolved from the Kapfenberger SV and became a legaly independent club. From 2002/03 to 2007/08 the club played in the Erste Liga and became Champion in the 2007/08 season.

In the season 2008/09 the club played in the Bundesliga for the first time since 41 years. In the 2009/10 season the LASK was beaten 7:2, which was the highest victory in the club history.

The club plays in the Franz-Fekete-Stadium, which was built in 1951 and named after a former mayor of Kapfenberg. 



Religious segregation

Religious segregation is the idea that people should be separated based on their religion. Certain laws of a country may only apply to one religious group. As an example, Sharia only applies to Muslims. The term religious apartheid has also been used. Apartheid was the term used to refer to racial segregation in South Africa. Other examples for religious segregation are that in Iran, certain students have been expelled from university because they were not Muslims, but Baha'i.
According to the Times Higher Education, Bahá'í are required to give up their faith in order to teach in Iranian universities. 
Bahá'í is not among the recognized "recognized religious minorities" in the Constitution of Iran. The Bahá'í faith is considered apostate in Iran
because it believes in a prophet (Bahá'u'lláh) more recent than Muhammad. This goes against Islamic teachings, which teach the belief that Muhammad is the last and final messenger sent to mankind.

Saudi Arabia sees the cities of Mecca and Medina as holy. Only Muslims may enter or travel through these cities. A Non-Muslim who enters one of them may be fined. People who are not Muslims will be deported from Mecca.


Paraphyly

Paraphyly is a term in cladistics. It means a group which does not include all its descendents. So Sauropsida without birds is paraphyletic, since birds are definitely descended from archosaurs, probably small theropod dinosaurs (origin of birds).
Paraphyly is corrected to monophyly when the missing group(s) are included. So if birds are included in Sauropsida, the larger group is then monophyletic. 

Traditional Linnaean classification is often paraphyletic. Many common terms, like "fish", are paraphyletic, but still very useful for everyday purposes.


Polyphyly

Polyphyly is a term in cladistics. It describes a group of organisms whose last common ancestor is not a member of the group. Another way of expressing this is to say that polyphyly includes groups some members of which are descended from ancestral populations.

The diagrams show that birds and mammals are indeed related, but only at the level of the early amniotes. In terms of evolution, there is a vast gulf between them.

More common in traditional taxonomy is to include all descendants (say, living mammals) without the group they evolved from (which would be some clade in the therapsida). This is done for convenience; but it makes the mammals polyphyletic.

Biological classification aims to group species together such that every group is descended from a single common ancestor. A polyphyletic group can be "fixed" either by excluding clades or by adding the common ancestor.

According to cladistics it should be the aim of classification to ensure that all groups are monophyletic. However, other taxonomists argue that there is a valid place for groups that are paraphyletic. These would contain their most recent common ancestor but not all the descendants of that ancestor.

Apache License

The Apache License is a free software license made by the Apache Software Foundation to set rules on how the software they created may be used by others. Some of these rules are about not only using the software, but also making changes to the software. All of the Apache Software Foundation's software and projects, such as the Apache HTTP Server, use this license. Some software that is not made by the Apache Software Foundation also use this license rather than trying to create another type of license on their own.

In May 2004, Google said that 25.8 percent of software projects hosted on Google Code used this license.



The All-American Rejects

The All-American Rejects are an American alternative rock band from Stillwater, Oklahoma. The All-American Rejects have four members in the band; the current band members are Tyson Ritter, Nick Wheeler, Mike Kennerty and Chris Gaylor.

The All-American Rejects first became a band in 1999 when band member Tyson Ritter and Nick Wheeler were in high school. The name All-American Reject was made from either a mix of two suggestions, "The Rejects" and "The All Americans" or the other being that it came from a song "Reject" by Green Day and had the chorus, "your reject all-american".



Matt Rubano - bass guitar backing voice
scotty - pianist, backing voice
kevin "toad" silnaur - backing voice

So far as of 2011, The All-American Rejects have made 3 studio albums and 8 EPs:




Mark Boal

Mark Boal (born January 23, 1973) is an American journalist, screenwriter and film producer. Boal won 2 Academy Awards in 2009 for The Hurt Locker in the categories of Best Writing (Original Screenplay) and Best Picture.


Vampirates

Vampirates is a series of young adult fantasy books. It is written by British author Justin Somper. The series is about two twin children, Connor and Grace Tempest, who get separated at sea. They are saved by two very different ships. Connor is saved by a normal pirate ship called the Diablo, Grace by the mythical Vampirate ship called the Nocturne. The word "Vampirate" refers to a vampire living on the Nocturne.


Sidney Lumet

Sidney Lumet (June 25, 1924 – April 9, 2011) was an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He directed more than 200 plays for live television. He also directed more than 40 movies. His movies include "Serpico", "Dog Day Afternoon", "12 Angry Men", "Network", "Prince of the City" and "Q&A". He died of lymphoma in New York City.

Incertae sedis

In taxonomy, the term incertae sedis (abbreviated inc. sed.) is used for a taxon when its broader relationship to other taxa is unknown. The first person who used the term in botany was probably Antoine-Laurent de Jussieu. In his book "Genera Plantarum" of 1789 he listed a few "plantae incertae sedis". 

Reasons why a taxon might be classified as "incertae sedis" include:

Dorudon

Dorudon ("spear-tooth") was a genus of ancient cetacean. It lived alongside "Basilosaurus", 41 to 33 million years ago, in the Eocene.

They were about five meters (16 ft) long and were most likely carnivorous, feeding on small fish and molluscs. "Dorudon" lived in warm seas around the world., Fossils have been found along the former shorelines of the Tethys Sea in present-day Western Sahara, Egypt, Pakistan, the United States, and New Zealand. Most finds have been in Egypt.

Moeritherium

Moeritherium is a extinct genus of primitive mammals. It represents a very early stage in the evolution of elephants. These prehistoric mammals are related to the elephant and, more distantly, the sea cow. They lived during the later Eocene in what is now North Africa.

"Moeritherium" did not look like living elephants. It was about as large as a tapir. It had short, strong legs, a relatively long body, and a short tail. The feet of "Moeritherium" were broad and had flat-hoofed toes. 

Somatic nervous system

The somatic nervous system (SNS) is part of the peripheral nervous system. It controls various muscles and the sensory input from external stimuli 

The SNS controls voluntary body movements by skeletal muscles. Its outgoing (efferent) nerves stimulate muscle contraction. Its incoming (afferent) nerves relay sensation from the skin, and sense organs to the central nervous system. This includes touch, hearing, and sight.

The SNS does not, however, control reflex arcs.

National Basketball League (Australia)

The National Basketball League is a basketball competition in Australasia.
It's current sponsor is Hungry Jack's, so it is also known as the Hungry Jack's NBL Championship. It is the top-level basketball competition in Australasia. The Singapore Slingers once played in this league, meaning it is the first Australasian sporting league ever to have a team from Asia. The league started in 1979, and its most successful time is during the 1980s and 1990s. However, it started to struggle in the 20th century. At the start of the 2004/05 season the league had a deal with Fox Sports of Australia. On September 18, 2007, the National Basketball League had Hummer as their sponsor. one HD started broadcasting in 2010, the first time a game has been on TV for eight years.


Since 1995, the league has had a broadcasting deal for paid programming with Fox Sports of Australia. For free TV, they were first sponsored by ABC from 1979 to 1987. Then they were sponsored by Seven Network for three years, and then from Network Ten from 1992 to 1997. From 1998 to 2001, they were again sponsored by ABC. The league did not have free TV for almost a decade, until in 2010 when Network Ten HD started broadcasting. This contract ended in 2015. The current broadcasting rights are owned by SBS.

The NBLxNBA is an annual series involving clubs from the NBL and the National Basketball Association (NBA) of the United States. The series started in 2017 for each league's 2017–18 season, and each season includes between three and seven games. The games have previously always been held in the US and Canada, and are normally held during September and early October.

ASEAN Basketball League

The ASEAN Basketball League (ABL) is a men's basketball competition in Southeast Asia, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macau. Six teams compete, all from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). Teams that participated in the first season were the Philippine Patriots, Thailand Tigers, SM BritAma, Kuala Lumpur Dragons, Brunei Barracudas and former National Basketball League (Australasia) team the Singapore Slingers. Similar to the Euroleague in Europe, the ABL has its own set of rules in terms of its roster and salary Teams are allowed two players of non-ASEAN citizenship and two ASEAN imports. Teams are allowed to have a team of all local players if they want. The KL Dragons were renamed the Westports KL Dragons and the Thailand Tigers were renamed Chang Thailand Slammers at the start of the 2nd (2010) season. ABL CEO Kuhan Foo said that 3 teams may be a part of the ABL for the next season.

Kuala Lumpur Dragons

The Westports Malaysia Dragons are a team in the ASEAN Basketball League. They are based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. They were previously known as the Kuala Lumpur Dragons and Westports KL Dragons. They are coached by Goh Cheng Huat. They play home games in the MABA stadium.


Republican People's Party

The Republican People's Party (, CHP) is the oldest political party in Turkey. Their ideologies are social democracy and Kemalism.

They are currently the second largest party in the Turkish Parliament, with 132 out of 550 seats and they form the Main Opposition of Turkey. Their founder is Mustafa Kemal Atatürk and their current leader is Özgür Özel.

On September 7, 1919, Turkish nationalists established a resistance organisation against the invasion of Turkey. On September 9, 1923, the organisation officially declared itself as a political party and it was the Republican People's Party.



Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu

Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu (born 17 December 1948) is a Turkish former politician. He was the leader of the Republican People's Party (CHP) and the leader of the Main Opposition in Turkey. He has been the Member of Parliament for İstanbul since 2002.

He became popular with the documents about lawlessness. The CHP nominated him as candidate for Mayor of Istanbul in 2009 local elections, in which he gained 36.8% of all votes. Despite this result he could not be first. However this result was a big success for social democrats because they had not ruled Istanbul for many years and this city had become the power centre of AK Parti for long years. This popularity provided him with a great advantage. Upon Deniz Baykal's resignation in 2010, Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu became the leader with a record voting rate.

Firstly he took part in the Turkish general election in 2011. The Republican People's Party gained 25.98% of all votes with an increase of about 6 points. However, this was not enough to be ruling party.


Turkish people

The Turkish people (), or Turks, are the world's largest Turkic ethnic group; they speak different dialects of the Turkish language and live mainly in Turkey and Cyprus. There are Turkish communities in the Balkans as well.

Turkish people are predominantly Sunni Muslims, the largest branch of Islam. Many Turks are practising its Hanafi denomination. The most followed branch after Sunnism is Alevism-Bektashism, few belive in Tengrism.

Turkish traditions can be found in Turkey but can also be found in other Turkic countries. This includes Turkish Oil Wrestling, Sünnet-Partys of Boys, Belly dance, Karakucak Guresh, Camel wrestling etc.

 They are a big Turkish diaspora. There are also large Turkish minorities in the Balkans, the Caucasus, and the Arab world.
Turkish people are the largest minority group in Bulgaria. There are large Turkish communities in the Western Thrace region of Greece, the Dobruja region of Romania, the Akkar region in Lebanon as well as in North Macedonia. Turkish people are also the largest ethnic minority group in Austria, Denmark, Netherlands, and in Germany (see Turks in Germany).

İsmet İnönü

Mustafa İsmet İnönü (24 September 1884 – 25 December 1973) was a Turkish politician and military officer, who was the first Prime Minister and second President of Turkey. In 1938, Republican People's Party gave him "National Chief" title.

İsmet İnönü was by the standards of his time a highly educated man, speaking Arabic, English, French and German in addition to his native Turkish. His resting place is in Anıtkabir with Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. He was close friend of Atatürk. He had two sons, Erdal and Ömer.

Twenty-fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twenty-fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution is the twenty-fourth time the United States Constitution has been amended (revised). The twenty-fourth amendment prevents the United States Congress and US states from charging a poll tax on federal elections. The amendment was proposed by Congress to the states on August 27, 1962, and was ratified by the states on January 23, 1964.

Polemic

A polemic is a forceful argument or controversy made against one opinion, doctrine, or person. 

It is one-sided and extreme, not a debate or discussion. It often occurs in disputes. 

The word is derived from the Greek "polemikos" (πολεμικός), meaning "warlike, hostile". 

Polemic journalism was common in continental Europe, when defamation laws were less strict as they are now. 

To support study of the polemics and controversies of the 17th-19th centuries, a British research project has placed thousands of pamphlets of that era online.



Thesis

A thesis (plural: 'theses') is a document written in support of an idea that is presented for discussion or disputation. In modern usage it usually refers to a document presented as a requirement for an academic degree or professional qualification. It presents the author's research and findings. In the academic context it means the same as dissertation. The term dissertation can be used to describe an argument without relation to academic degrees. The term thesis may also be used for the central claim of an essay or other work.

There are different types of thesis for different fields, for example, if you are an English major then for your thesis you may be asked to write a short story, a media student can be asked to submit a short film.

A graduate thesis is also known as graduate dissertation. A student may work with a member of the faculty who has specialized in the relevant field.

A thesis may be much longer. In the French system, a thesis (PhD), also called "Doctorat" is generally far longer and is up to 500 pages long.

Originally, the words "dissertation" and "thesis" had separate meanings. When, at ancient universities, the professor had completed his lecture, there would be a disputation. During this, students could take up certain points and argue them. The position that one took during a disputation was the "thesis", while the "dissertation" was the line of reasoning with which one supported it.

The word "thesis" comes from the Greek , meaning "position", and refers to an intellectual proposition. "Dissertation" comes from the Latin "dissertātiō", meaning "discourse".


Charmin

Charmin () is a brand of toilet paper. It is made by Procter & Gamble.

The Charmin name was first created in 1928 by the Hoberg Paper Company in Green Bay, Wisconsin. In 1950, Hoberg changed its name to Charmin Paper Company and kept making toilet paper, paper napkins, and other paper products. Procter & Gamble (P&G) bought Charmin Paper Company in 1957, but sold the right to make and sell it in Europe (where it is now called "Cushelle") to SCA in 2008.

Older American adverts had actor Dick Wilson in them. He played the fake grocer Mr. George Whipple. He told customers "Please don't squeeze the Charmin!" in more than 500 commercials between 1964 and 1985. 

The Charmin Bear began being used in 2000. This happened at the same time that Charmin became available in Canada. The Charmin Bear is now the mascot for Charmin Ultra Strong and Charmin Ultra Soft.

From February 2010, Charmin's European name was changed to Cushelle by SCA.
There is also a new mascot, Koala which is a koala. Cushelle adverts are voiced-over by Robert Webb.

In February 2009, Greenpeace asked people not to use Charmin toilet paper. They said that it does not use recycled paper and uses ECF bleaching.

In 2008, Charmin was renamed to Zewa in Germany. There was no mascot in the adverts. However, in the first Zewa advert, the Charmin Bear was seen.


Follicle-stimulating hormone

Follicle-stimulating hormone (abbreviated FSH, sometimes called "Follitropine") is a glycoprotein and hormone. It is synthesised in the adeno hypophysis of pituitary gland. In females, it controls the synthesising process of progesteron and will cause the growth of follicles in the ovaries. In males, it will lead to the production of sperm. Other hormones control the release of FSH. Luteinizing hormone will cause ovulation in females, or the production of testosterone in males.

This hormone is made by the pituitary glands in the brain.


FSH

FSH may refer to:




Henderson, Nevada

Henderson is a city in Clark County, Nevada, United States. The population of Henderson was 317,610 in 2020. Henderson is the second largest city in the state of Nevada behind Las Vegas. The city of Henderson is named after Senator Charles B. Henderson.


Primm, Nevada

Primm is a small unincorporated community in Clark County, Nevada, United States. Primm was featured in the video game, where it had Vikki and Vance Casino which was based on Primm's Whiskey Pete's and the Bison Steve Hotel which was based on Buffalo Bill's Casino and had the roller coaster.


Provincial Assembly of Balochistan

The Provincial Assembly of Balochistan is one of the four provincial assemblies of Pakistan. The Balochistan assembly is the unicameral (single chamber) legislature of the province of Balochistan. It was set up by Article 106 of the Constitution of the Pakistan. The Assembly has 51 directly elected Members of the Provincial Assembly, representing constituencies from each district, as well as 11 seats reserved for women and 3 for non-Muslims.

Baloch Lions

Baloch Lions is a member internal hockey team for the Balochistan Province in Pakistan part of Pakistan Hockey Federation.

Platybelodon

Platybelodon was an extinct type of four-tusked elephant. It is now placed in the Amebelodontidae, a sister group of the Gomphotheres. These were large herbivores related to modern elephants. They lived in wet forests in Africa, Asia and the Caucasus.

They are commonly known as shovel tuskers. "Platybelodon" lived during the Miocene, about 1510 million years ago.

"Platybelodon" was previously believed to have fed in the swampy areas of grassy savannas, using its teeth to shovel up aquatic and semi-aquatic vegetation. 

However, wear patterns on the teeth suggest that it used its lower tusks to strip bark from trees. They may have used the sharp incisors that formed the edge of the "shovel" more like a modern-day scythe, grasping branches with its trunk and rubbing them against the lower teeth to cut it from a tree.

George Reeves

George Reeves (January 5, 1914 – June 16, 1959) was an American actor.

Reeves was born with the name of George Keefer Brewer in Woolstock, Iowa, U.S., son of Don Brewer and Helen Lescher. He moved to California at a young age with his mother Helen. Reeves started acting in high school and then continued to serve on student productions. In 1943, 17 months after the attack on Pearl Harbor, Reeves enrolled in aviation until the end of World War II, putting his acting career on hold. 

After a successful career, Reeves died on June 16, 1959. However, the manner of death is controversial. He was officially found to have committed suicide, but some people think he was murdered or a shooting victim.

He began his career playing small roles in short movies and movies as Ride, Cowboy, Ride (1939 short). In the classic movie starring Clark Gable, Gone with the Wind (1939), Reeves played of role Stuart Tarleton. In the 1940 Reeves continued to make appearances in movies such as Blood and Sand (1941) with Tyrone Power, So Proudly We Hail! (1943), Winged Victory (1944), Samson and Delilah (1949), and the Western starring by William Boyd Border Patrol (1943), Colt Comrades (1943), Bar 20 (1943). George Reeves got his first starring role in 1948 movie Jungle Goddess (1948), as Mike Patton, an explorer rescuing a young woman who has been kidnapped by an African tribe. He also accompanied Johnny Weissmuller in the Tarzan saga Jungle Jim (1948).

In the 1950s Reeves starred in several movies including Rancho Notorious (1952) with Marlene Dietrich - Arthur Kennedy and directed by Fritz Lang, Bugles in the Afternoon (1952) with Ray Milland, The Blue Gardenia (1953) by Fritz Lang, and without being listed in the credits had a role in Fred Zinnemann movie, From Here to Eternity (1953) with Burt Lancaster, Reeves as Sgt. Maylon Stark.

He started work in television in 1948, and in 1952 he was hired to play the double character of Superman and Clark Kent in Adventures of Superman. The series was a success without precedent in American television and made Reeves famous. George Reeves played Superman for 102 episodes broadcast between 1952 and 1958.

Reeves had guest appearances in television series such as "Kraft Television Theatre" (1949-1952), "Believe It or Not" (1950), "The Ford Television Theatre" (1952), "Fireside Theatre" (1952), and "I Love Lucy" (1957) playing Superman.


Goodsprings, Nevada

Goodsprings is a census-designated place in Clark County, Nevada, United States. The population of Goodsprings was 162 at the 2020 census. Goodsprings was featured in the video game, where it is the first place the player wakes up in.


Johnny Guitar

Johnny Guitar is a 1954 western movie. It was directed by Nicholas Ray. It stars Joan Crawford and Sterling Hayden. The movie received mixed reviews. The movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry. "Johnny Guitar" was adapted to a campy stage musical in 2004.

Vienna is a strong-willed, aggressive woman. She has built a saloon near an Arizona cattle town with money earned in her past life as a prostitute. She has a fiery relationship with the local cattlemen and townsfolk for many reasons. She supports the construction of a railroad across her land. This construction will make her land very valuable. The cattlemen oppose the railroad because it will bring sheepmen into the area. Sheepmen fence the land, making it difficult to herd cattle. She also permits a suspected stage robber called The Dancin' Kid to share her bed. His gang members hang out in her saloon. Vienna summons her ex-lover and reformed gunslinger Johnny Guitar to her side. She needs protection. The two renew their love.

One day The Dancin' Kid and his gang rob the town bank. The townsfolk suspect Vienna has played a part in the heist. Emma Small is a cattle rancher who has long hated Vienna. She leads the posse to Vienna's saloon and burns it to the ground. Emma persuades the men to hang Vienna. At the last second she is saved by Johnny Guitar. Vienna and Johnny escape. They find refuge in The Dancin' Kid's secret hideaway. The posse tracks them. The Kid and his men are killed. Emma challenges Vienna to a showdown. Vienna is wounded in the duel, but she kills Emma. A halt is called to the bloodbath by the posse's leader, McIvers. Vienna and Johnny depart, hopeful that better days lie ahead.



Tequixquiac Municipality

Tequixquiac is a municipality in the state of México in Mexico. About 30,000 people live there.

Boyz n the Hood

Boyz n the Hood is a 1991 American hood movie that was produced by Steven Nicolaides and DJ Pooh and was directed by John Singleton. "Boyz n the Hood" was released on July 12, 1991 in North America. 

The movie received positive reviews with a 98% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 73 out of 100 from Metacritic. The movie was selected to be in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress to be preserved because it was considered to be "culturally significant" in 2002. This movie was the directorial debut for John Singleton.

The movie starts with a fight at school in Inglewood, California after a boy tells another that he is from Africa. The attacker's teacher calls his mother Reva. The attacker gets expelled for three days and comes home. 

In Crenshaw, Tre reunites with his childhood friends, Darrin "Doughboy" Baker, Doughboy's half-brother Ricky, and their friend Chris. That night, Tre's father shoots at a burglar. The next day, Doughboy and Chris are being taken to prison for stealing.

The movie shifts 7 years later when a party is held outside. Later, an augment the Bloods and Crips happens. Tre and Ricky are pulled over and an officer threatens Tre with a gun. 

The next afternoon, Ricky has a fight with Doughboy. Ricky is later found dead. 

The epilogue reveals that Ricky buried the next day and two weeks later Doughboy was murdered. ‎

Top Gun

Top Gun is a 1986 American action-drama movie set in San Diego, California. It was produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer and was directed by Tony Scott. "Top Gun" was released on May 16, 1986 in North America. The movie received mixed reviews with a 45% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and Roger Ebert gave the movie a 2.5 out of 4 stars.
The movie won an Academy Award in 1987 for "Best Music, Original Song" – Giorgio Moroder (music) and Tom Whitlock (lyrics) for the song "Take My Breath Away" and a Grammy Award for "Best Pop Instrumental Performance (Orchestra, Group or Soloist)" – Harold Faltermeyer and Steve Stevens for "Top Gun Anthem".


Crimson Tide (movie)

Crimson Tide is an 1995 submarine action/thriller movie that was produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer and was directed by Tony Scott. Crimson Tide was released on May 12, 1995 in North America.

The movie received positive reviews with a 87% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Film Editing, Best Sound, and Best Sound Editing.



Face/Off

Face/Off is an 1997 American science fiction action crime thriller movie that was directed by John Woo. "Face/Off" was released on June 27, 1997 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with a 93% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 82 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Broken Arrow (1996 movie)

Broken Arrow is an 1996 action/thriller movie that was produced by Bill Badalato, Terence Chang and Mark Gordon and was directed by John Woo. Broken Arrow was released on February 9, 1996 in North America. The movie received mixed reviews with a 57% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 61 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Windtalkers

Windtalkers is an 2002 American war movie that was directed by John Woo and produced by Terence Chang, Tracie Graham-Rice and Alison Rosenzweig. It is based on the real story of Navajo code talkers during World War II. The movie was released on June 14, 2002 in the United States.

It was a box office bomb, which made $77.6 million worldwide at the box office, compared to its budget of $115 million.

The movie also received negative movie reviews with a 33% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and Roger Ebert gave the movie 2 stars out of 5.



Ghost Rider (movie)

Ghost Rider is a 2007 American supernatural superhero horror fantasy action movie that was produced by Avi Arad, Stan Lee, David S. Goyer, Michael DeLuca and Gary Foster and was directed by Mark Steven Johnson. The movie was based on the Marvel Comics character of same name. Ghost Rider was released on February 16, 2007 in North America. The movie received negative reviews with a 27% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic gave the movie a 35 out of 100.



The Jayhawks

The Jayhawks are an American alternative country and rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota. They have released several studio albums. The band formed in 1985. They did not work together between 2005 and 2009, but reunited in 2010.

The band formed with Mark Olson (acoustic guitar and vocals), Gary Louris (electric guitar and vocals), Marc Perlman (bass) and Norm Rogers (drums). 
Their first album "The Jayhawks" was released in 1986. Their music at the time, mostly written by Olson, showed a strong roots/country-rock influence. It was released on the Bunkhouse Label, a small independent label. 
"Blue Earth", the second album, was released in 1989 on the Twin Tone label. Gary Louris shared more of the songwriting together with Olson for this album. After touring the U.S. in support of "Blue Earth", Spencer left the band. He was replaced by Ken Callahan in 1988 who stayed with the band until 1993.

In 1991, Dave Ayers, the president of Twin Tone, was on a phone call with A&R representative George Drakoulias from Def American while "Blue Earth" played in the background. Drakoulias asked about the music, and eventually met with and signed the band to the label later that year.
In 1992 album "Hollywood Town Hall" was the first to be released on the major label Def American. The album was produced by Drakoulias. The album was a hit, powered by the single "Waiting for the Sun", and it brought the Jayhawks more fans. With Karen Grotberg on the keyboards and vocals, the band toured a lot. 
In 1995 they went into the studio to make "Tomorrow the Green Grass". It was released on the renamed American Recordings label. Lead track "Blue" turned out to be a Top 40 hit in Canada (peaking at #33). The record's production had been very expensive and the album did not to sell as was expected in the U.S. Among the album's songs is "Miss Williams' Guitar," a love song for Olson's then-girlfriend, singer-songwriter Victoria Williams (the pair later married, but divorced in February, 2006). Drummer, singer and songwriter Tim O'Reagan joined the band for the 1995 tour.

By the end of 1995, Olson unexpectedly left the band to spend more time with Williams (with whom he would later form the Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers). The band continued to record as The Jayhawks, adding Kraig Johnson on guitar. 
The album "Sound of Lies" was released in 1997. It has Gary Louris composing most of the songs. The album mixed straight rock (the ironic "Big Star"), psychedelic elements, acoustic elements and even some dub elements. The album did not sound like the band's country-influenced earlier work. 
The 2000 album "Smile" was produced by Bob Ezrin. It had more of a pop music feel, which some fans did not like. Though still a member through the recording of the album, Grotberg left the band before the "Smile" tour, and was replaced by Jen Gunderman. The song "I'm Gonna Make You Love Me" appeared in a Ralph Lauren commercial. 
"Rainy Day Music" (2003) was stripped down and more acoustic. It was generally seen as a return to their alt-country roots. The band now consisted of founding members Louris and Perlman, along with drummer O'Reagan, and touring band member ex-Long Ryder Stephen McCarthy, from Richmond, VA. McCarthy added pedal steel, lap steel, banjo, guitar and backing vocals to the album and subsequent live shows. This lineup toured in 2003 and early 2004.
After not playing together for a number of years, the Jayhawks reunited in 2010 and released Mockingbird Time in 2011. The album sees both Mark Olson and Karen Grotberg playing with the band again. Gary Louris also produced the album.

In addition to their studio albums, the Jayhawks released "Live From the Women's Club", an all-acoustic live recording of Louris/Perlman/O'Reagan from 2002. It was sold only at concerts as an "Official Jayhawks Bootleg."

Olson and Louris toured together in the winter of 2005 and spring of 2006, billed as "From the Jayhawks: An Evening with Mark Olson & Gary Louris, Together Again." Both old and new Jayhawks members progressed to solo efforts and side projects, and the band as a whole was generally considered to be broken up, and not expected to produce new material soon. However, the band members appear to keep in touch, tour together in their other projects, and have been known to "reunite" on occasion.

In September, 2008, the 1995 lineup of Louris, Olson, O'Reagan, Grotberg and Perlman reunited for the Azkena Rock Festival in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain.

In January, 2009, Olson and Louris released an acoustic album titled "Ready for the Flood".



Mayan pyramid

The Maya pyramids are structures built in the jungles of Central America by the Maya civilization between 200 and AD. Unlike the straight sides of the more commonly known Egyptian pyramids, the sides of Maya pyramids are stepped–sometimes for the purpose of enabling people to ascend to the top. Moreover, Egyptian pyramids have sharper tips, while Mesoamerican (including Maya) pyramids tend to have flatter tops. These flatter tops accommodate certain ceremonies, such as sacrificial rituals, and temples for gods. 

The pyramids served a variety of very important functions. Apart from the religious ceremonies, Maya pyramids were used as landmarks to aid in navigation. In the jungle where these pyramids were built, the pyramids were so tall that they could be seen above the trees. Finally, inpyramids, there were burial chambers for the highest-ranking officials, just as in

A whole complex of Maya pyramids can be found at the ruins of the ancient Maya city of Tikal. The pyramids at Tikal were the tallest structures in all of the Americas for around 1,000 years, until 1903, when the Flatiron building was constructed in New York City. There are a total of sixteen pyramids at Tikal, which is now a national park in Guatemala. 

Tikal was one of the largest urban centers of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization. Its population may have reached 90,000 people, which is surprising because the swampland at Tikal was unstable for habitation or agriculture. It is located in the tropical rainforests which today is northern Guatemala. The name Tikal comes from "ti ak'al" which means "water hole". 

The pyramids at Tikal all face one another. The rooms at the top of the pyramids have depressions in the walls which amplify sound and project it in all directions. Because of this, the normal speaking voice of a person at the top of one pyramid can be heard by someone standing at the top of another pyramid a great distance away.

Edward Tatum

Edward Lawrie Tatum (December 14, 1909 – November 5, 1975) was an American geneticist. 

He shared half of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1958 with George Beadle for showing that genes control individual steps in metabolism. The other half of that year's award went to Joshua Lederberg.

Beadle and Tatum's experiments exposed the bread mold "Neurospora crassa" to x-rays, causing mutations. They showed the mutations caused changes in specific enzymes involved in metabolic pathways. These experiments, published in 1941, led them to propose a direct link between genes and enzymatic reactions, known as the "one gene, one enzyme" hypothesis.

Tatum went on to study genetics in bacteria. Tatum and his student Lederberg showed that "Escherichia coli" could share genetic information through recombination.

Ed Tatum was born in Boulder, Colorado. He attended college at the University of Chicago and received his PhD in biochemistry from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1934. Starting in 1937, he worked at Stanford University, where he began his collaboration with Beadle. He then moved to Yale University in 1945 where he mentored Lederberg. He returned to Stanford in 1948 and then joined the faculty of Rockefeller Institute in 1957. A heavy cigarette smoker, he died in New York City of heart failure complicated by chronic emphysema.



François Jacob

François Jacob (17 June 1920 – 19 April 2013) was a French biologist. He shared the 1965 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Jacques Monod and André Lwoff.

Jacob and Monod discovered a fundamental control system in cells. Enzyme levels in all cells is regulated by feedback on transcription.

Like his colleague Monod, Jacob was an almost lifelong atheist. He was also of Jewish descent.

In 1961 Jacob and Monod explored the idea that the control of enzyme expression levels in cells is a result of feedback on the transcription of DNA sequences.

For many years it had been known that bacterial and other cells could respond to external conditions by regulating levels of their key metabolic enzymes, and/or the activity of these enzymes.

For instance, if a bacterium finds itself in a broth containing lactose, rather than the simpler sugar glucose, it must adapt itself to: 

It was known that cells increase the enzymes for these steps when exposed to lactose.

With work on DNA, it became clear that all proteins were being produced from their genetic code. Jacob and Monod demonstrated that, in the bacterium "E. coli"), there are specific proteins that repress the transcription of the DNA to its product (RNA. This reduces the production of those particular enzymes.

The lac repressor is a DNA-binding protein which inhibits the expression of genes which code for lactase enzymes. The repressor is active in the absence of lactose.

This repressor (the lac repressor) is made in all cells. It binds directly to DNA at the genes it controls, and physically prevents transcription. When lactose becomes available, it is converted into allolactose, which inhibits the lac repressor's DNA binding ability.

In this way, a robust feedback loop is constructed that allows the set of lactose-digesting enzymes to be made only when they are needed.

The regulation of gene activity has developed into a very large sub-discipline of molecular biology. There are many mechanisms and many levels of complexity. Current researchers find regulatory events at every level of the processes that express genetic information. In the relatively simple genome of baker's yeast, ("Saccharomyces cerevisiae"), 405 of its 6,419 protein-encoding genes are directly involved in transcriptional control, compared to 1,938 that are enzymes.



Abbey Dawn

Abbey Dawn is a clothing line designed by musician Avril Lavigne. It was designed only for Kohl's in the US. The name is from Lavigne's childhood. Her father had nicknamed her "Abbey Dawn", and her high school friends would often call her "Abbey". 

Abbey Dawn is featured in Lavigne's 2011 single, "What the Hell". There, the latter enters a vintage clothing store.

Eimear

Emer, in modern Irish Éimhear, or, Eimhear or Éimear, is the wife of the hero Cú Chulainn in Irish mythology. She is the daughter of Forgall Monach. 

Emer was a very common name for girls around the Midlands of Ireland. The name means that she has the "Six Gifts of Womanhood" – "beauty, a gentle voice, sweet words, wisdom, needlework and chastity".

As a child, She was to one day be married to the warrior Cuchulainn. They loved each other very much. But Cuchulainn was attracted to many women. Emer accepted this. She believed that "everything new is fair." But, when he made love to Fand, wife of the sea god Manannan, Emer had to say something. After seeing how much Fand loved him, Emer said she would leave him and let them be together. Fand felt this showed that Emer thought more of others than she did of herself. Fand left Cuchulainn to be with Emer and went back to the sea. When Cuchulainn died, Emer spoke lovingly at his graveside.

Capital Dynamos

Capital Dynamos is the internal hockey team for the Islamabad Capital Territory in Pakistan. It is part of the Pakistan Hockey Federation.

Northern Cavaliers

Northern Cavaliers is a field hockey team for the Gilgit–Baltistan in Pakistan. They are part of the Pakistan Hockey Federation.

Precocial

Precocial in biology is a developmental strategy. It refers to species in which the young are relatively mature and mobile from the moment of birth or hatching. It applies mainly to mammals and birds. 

The opposite developmental strategy is called altricial, where the young are born or hatched helpless. These two categories are at ends of a continuum. All degrees exist in birds and mammals. With the tiny eggs of invertebrates, different strategies have evolved. Many use some kind of metamorphosis, in which different stages of growth occupy different environmental niches.

A checklist is used to score a species between precocial and altricial. In each case, 'yes' means precocial:

The contrast between the two extremes is seen most clearly in birds. Precocial species leave the nest shortly after birth or hatching. Megapodes are a family of birds found in Australasia. Their eggs are not incubated by the parents. They are buried in compost, covered with sand and left, though the males test the temperature of the heap and make small adjustments. The eggs, which have a large yolk, hatch with full wing feathers. The hatchlings can run and purse prey, and many species can fly on their first day. These birds are super-precocial.

At the other extreme are the most intelligent birds: the passerines (the dominant group of birds, including crows) and hawks, owls and parrots.

Mammals never feed themselves at first. Mother's milk is part of the 'contract' a mammal inherits. But there is a big difference between some new-born deer and antelopes, which can run within an hour or so of birth, and a baby marsupial which is in the pouch for days or weeks.

Of advanced mammals, human beings have a long period before they are independent. This is partly because their brains have to grow and mature after birth, and partly because humans depend more on learning and less on inherited behaviour compared to other mammals. Mammalian carnivores take a long time to perfect their prey-catching skills, and some herd species like elephants also have to do a lot of learning.

Most accounts of the altricial/precocial differences point out that it is a trade-off. Altricial young require a great investment of parental time and care, and are in constant danger of predation. However, that system permits a long period of supervised learning. Also, their brains grow more after birth, fueled by rich food provided by parents.

Precocial young require more pre-birth preparation for larger eggs, but they are less open to predation and take less parental care after birth. Their brains are ready-to-go, but end up smaller in relation to body size.

Humans are rather a special case, for a baby makes great demands on the parent both before and after birth. A human baby looks precocial. But few of the bits are working, and a baby is completely helpless on its own. The key fact is that the cerebral cortex is not yet working properly. Nerve growth is still going on. During the first 18 months the cortex is getting larger and getting into working order. Then, after about 18 months to two years, the infant starts to learn language and from then on there's no stopping them.

There is an interesting reason why the brain is not more advanced at birth. It is that the baby's head (during natural birth) has to get through the female birth canal, which is a space between the bones of the female pelvis. Any larger, and the baby's head would not get through.

There is a cost to the human method. It greatly reduces the average number of offspring that any couple can raise.

Jaclyn Linetsky

Jaclyn Linetsky (January 8, 1986 – September 8, 2003) was a Canadian teenage actress who has voiced many different people. She was best known for voicing Caillou in the animated television show between 2000–2003. She later played as Megan in the television show "15/love". She died in a car crash on September 8, 2003 at the age of 17.

Judith Barsi

Judith Eva Barsi (June 6, 1978 – July 25, 1988) was an American child actress. She was born in Los Angeles, California and started her acting career in commercials. She also played Thea Brody in the movie "Jaws 4: The Revenge" in 1987 and voiced "Ducky" in "The Land before Time" and Annie-Marie in "All Dogs Go to Heaven" in June 1989. Her father, Jozef, was jealous and paranoid. He abused Judith and her mother for some years.

Barsi was the daughter of Hungarian immigrants József Barsi and Maria Barsi (née Benkő). Her parents fled the 1956 Soviet occupation of Hungary and then immigrated to Los Angeles. Maria Barsi wanted to be an actress herself, but later hoped that her daughter would be one, instead. Judith was discovered at a skating rink when she was five years old, but could still pass for age three. She went on to appear in over 70 commercials and soon appeared in movies. Later in her life, Barsi had growth hormone injections to help her growth.

On July 25, 1988, she and her mother were shot dead by her father, Jozsef who later committed suicide.

In 1984, Barsi began her career as a actress.

Judith's parents met at a restaurant in Los Angeles that was well known as a meeting place for immigrants. Maria worked there as a waitress. Jozsef was a plumber. He had problems with alcohol and was arrested three times for driving drunk. In the first years of their marriage, they were a happy couple. Soon Jozsef became jealous of the success of Maria's daughter. When Judith was getting ready to go to the Bahamas for the movie "", her father entered her bedroom. He locked the door and put a kitchen knife to her neck saying: "If you do not return after finished shooting, I'll slit your throat." She came back after two months, but the atmosphere at the house was not better. Over time, there were more problems. Judith's father called her a "spoiled brat". Judith's mood began to get bad. She did not do anything wrong and was not "full of life, a happy girl." Unable to deal with the problems at home, Judith pulled out her eyelashes and the whiskers of her cat. Jozsef had said many times that he would kill his wife. Sometimes he said he would kill himself and his daughter. In December 1986, Maria made a report to the police. She said he was abusing her mentally and physically. The police saw no injuries. In May 1988, Ruth Hansen saw the poor condition of the girl. Because Judith cried a lot and could not speak, Hansen told Maria to take Judith to a psychologist. She was taken to Children's Services. They could get no help from government organizations. Maria rented an apartment in Panorama City, where she wanted to move with Judith. Hansen told her to get a divorce from her husband. In July, Maria said she did not want to lose the house purchased with the money from her daughter's career.
Judith was seen riding her bike in the morning of July 25, 1988, one month after her 10th birthday. On the same day, she had an audition for the role in a new production studio, Hanna-Barbera. When Judith was sleeping, her father shot Judith in the head. She was killed instantly. Her mother ran down the hall to see what was going on, and he fatally shot her. Jozef later went down to the garage and took his own life.

The funeral was held on August 9, 1988. Judith was buried with her mother in unmarked graves in the cemetery Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Los Angeles. The short ceremony was attended by about 75 people. Many of these people were children.

The Judith Barsi Memorial was dedicated the song "Love Survives" from the movie "All Dogs Go to Heaven". The movie premiered over a year after the death of the girl. Judith Barsi's tombstone was placed on August 23, 2004. It says: "In Memory of the lovely Judith Eva Barsi "Our Concrete Angel Yep! Yep! Yep!". A similar plate was mounted at January 25, 2005 commemorating her mother Maria."

Lego minifigure

A Lego minifigure (a.k.a. Lego person) is a small figure as part of Lego toys. Minifigures are found in Lego sets, although they are also sold separately as keychains and magnets, also can be found in Lego minifigures bags. Minifigures in 1975 were the same size as minifigures today, but did not have any moving arms or legs. They had a small variety of headpieces, including caps, pigtail hair and cowboy hats. Since 1978, Lego minifigures have had more clothing, hats, shirts and pants to choose from. They started packing them in sets, including Star Wars.

Minifigures are still used in many Lego sets we know today. There are many minifigures such as mermaid with a identical tail to the ocean king and many shorter characters such as the evil dwarf.

Chilean Spanish

Chilean Spanish ( or "") is the variety of Spanish spoken in most of Chile. Though still entirely mutually intelligible with standard Spanish, Chilean Spanish has distinctive pronunciation, grammar, vocabulary, and slang usage. Spanish speakers often say that Chileans speak very quickly and "mix up words". Non-native speakers who are competent in Spanish may find the Chilean variety to be difficult to understand unless they have built up an ear for it.

Pacific Electric Railway

The Pacific Electric Railway Company was a private transportation system in Los Angeles, California. It started when Henry E. Huntington began building and buying streetcar railroads in and around Los Angeles to help people reach his properties.
Most of its lines carried people but there was also some freight. Pacific Electric also owned a mountain tourist attraction called the Mount Lowe Railway.

In the 1920s, with hundreds of miles of track, it was the largest system in the world. While Huntington lost money running Pacific Electric, he made money by selling the land it reached. 

After Henry Huntington died and the land was all sold, the system started to break down and there was no money coming in to repair it. The city of Los Angeles decided it would be cheaper to move passengers with buses and close the whole system. 

And so the last Pacific Electric train ran in 1961. The tracks were all ripped up and all of the old trains were either destroyed or sold to other countries.

Almost thirty years after the last train, with traffic becoming worse and buses becoming slower, the city remembered the old system. They decided to start rebuilding it because they realized trains do not slow down when there is a traffic jam.

Today, a small part of the old Pacific Electric rail network is now part of the new and growing Los Angeles Metro and people are riding trains again.

The Pacific Electric ran lines from Los Angeles to the following cities:

Brickfilm

A brickfilm is a stop-motion movie using Legos, Mega Blocks, or other Lego-like products. Brickfilms are often used to help the Lego Group advertise more sets and themes. The first known Brickfilm was called "The Magic Portal". It was made from
1980–1989 in Perth, Western Australia by Lindsay Fleay.

A brickfilm can be made by taking a Lego character and placing it on a board. The creator takes a picture, slightly moves the character, and repeats this step many times. The pictures are then streamed together using video editing software. Fifteen frames per second (15 fps) is a common frame-rate.



Extreme Rules (2011)

Extreme Rules was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by WWE. The event took place May 1, 2011 at the St. Pete Times Forum in Tampa, Florida. It was the third Extreme Rules event. Nine matches overall took place, with eight airing live on PPV.

On the April 11th edition of Raw held a 5-man gauntlet match which would decide the number one contender to face The Miz for the WWE Championship. This match featured John Cena, Randy Orton, John Morrison, R-Truth and Dolph Ziggler. The last two men in the final round were John Cena and R-Truth. After The Miz and Alex Riley beat down both wrestlers, the match was resulted in a double disqualification, which would then lead to the anonymous Raw general manager stating that both John Cena and R-Truth would compete for the WWE Championship against The Miz in a Triple Threat match. The following week on "Raw", John Morrison challenged R-Truth for Truth's spot in the match and won, but Truth turned heel and attacked Morrison after the match. Later in the night, it was revealed that the match would be contested inside a steel cage.

Also on Raw, commentators Michael Cole and Jerry Lawler are also continuing their rivalry from WrestleMania XXVII. At the event, Lawler made Cole submit to the ankle lock, but the anonymous Raw General Manager reversed special guest referee Stone Cold Steve Austin's decision, thus making Cole the winner via disqualification. On the April 11 edition of Raw, Lawler defeated Cole's trainer, Jack Swagger, allowing him to announce that he would team up with his former broadcast partner, Jim Ross, to face Cole and Swagger at Extreme Rules. Two weeks later, the Raw General Manager declared that the teams would face each other in a Country Whipping match.

Meanwhile on "SmackDown", Edge was scheduled to defend his World Heavyweight Championship against Alberto Del Rio in a ladder match at Extreme Rules after Del Rio won a number one contendership match against Christian on the April 8 edition of SmackDown. But less than a week later, on the April 11 edition of "Raw", Edge announced he was being forced to retire due to a real injury to his neck. That Friday, on the April 15 edition of SmackDown, Del Rio demanded to be crowned champion as he was the number one contender. SmackDown general manager Teddy Long didn't see it that way and announced that the match would still happen but that it would now be for the vacant title. Del Rio would be one contender. He also announced his opponent would be the winner of a 20-man over-the-top-rope Battle Royal. Later in the final match of the evening, Edge's real best friend for the past 20 years Christian won. Following this, on the April 25 edition of Raw, Del Rio was drafted to Raw as part of the year's draft. As such if Del Rio wins, he will bring the title to Raw, making the title a "Raw only" title.

Another feud from the SmackDown brand is between Layla and Michelle McCool, formerly known together as LayCool. Disagreement between the two divas started on the April 8 edition of SmackDown when McCool refused to tag Layla in a tag team match against Beth Phoenix and Kelly Kelly. The following two weeks, the two attended couple's therapy sessions, but the latter session ended with McCool attacking Layla, making their break up official. During the 2011 WWE Draft, after Layla lost her match against Eve, she attacked McCool for distracting her. On the April 29 edition of SmackDown, after fighting to a double count-out in their match, Layla and McCool agreed to have a No Count-out, No Disqualification match at Extreme Rules with the loser leaving WWE.


Dorgon

Dorgon (, 1612 - 1650) was the Prince empire of Qing Dynasty. His surname was Aisin Gioro. His reign names were Sing Cong and Chong De.

Dorgon was the 4th illegitimate son of Taizu Emperor (Nurhaci). Half brother of Huang Taiji, Half Uncle of Shunzhi Emperor.

Slingshot

A slingshot is a kind of projectile weapon which is used to launch small things. It is small and made to be handheld. It is made of a Y-shaped body with an elastic band such as rubber tied to the two top ends of the Y. The projectile is placed in the band, which is pulled back and let go of.

How strong and dangerous the slingshot is depends on how it is made and especially the elastic band. Although a slingshot is a type of weapon and a strong one can hurt people, they are not often used in modern war because there are many better weapons. Strong slingshots may be used to hunt small animals, or weaker ones may be used as toys.

In some places, a slingshot may be illegal because it can be a weapon.



Mortal Kombat (1995 movie)

Mortal Kombat is an 1995 live-action/adventure movie that was produced by Lauri Apelian and Lawrence Kasanoff and was directed by Paul W.S. Anderson. It is based on the video game franchise, "Mortal Kombat". "Mortal Kombat" was released on July 13, 1995 in Argentina & Israel, August 18, 1995 in North America, October 20, 1995 in the United Kingdom and on December 26, 1995 in Australia. The movie received mixed reviews with a 35% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic gave it a 58 out of 100. The movie gained a sequel called "" and it was released in 1997.


X-wing fighter

The X-wing is a starfighter from the "Star Wars" fictional universe. It is seen in the original trilogy movies and many books, games, toys, and other things. It is shown as a main starfighter for the Rebellion and later the New Republic.

The X-wing was first made for the movie "" by Industrial Light & Magic (ILM). Joe Johnston drew and Colin Cantwell made models that became the final X-wing fighter in "A New Hope". ILM made miniatures in different sizes, with wing markings showing which prop was for each pilot. Each X-wing model was built around a hollow core to hold parts for effects such as lighting.

Besides the models, the crew made one full-size X-wing for scenes in the Rebels' Yavin IV base hangar; they used editing and cardboard cutouts to make it seem as if there are dozens of fighters. The crew also made a full-size X-wing cockpit that was used for all actors; the astromech droid behind each actor was changed for each starfighter.

According to "Star Wars" backstory, the X-wing was designed by Incom Corporation, who left the Empire and gave the X-wing design to the rebels. It is a one-man starfighter which also has a socket for a droid.

The starfighter has four laser cannons and two proton torpedo launchers. Its four wings (called s-foils) can fold open or closed. It has four engines and can use hyperspace travel. It also has energy shields for defense.



One Step Closer

"One Step Closer" is a song by American rock band Linkin Park. It was released as the first single and second track off the band's first album, "Hybrid Theory".

All songs are written by Linkin Park except for "High Voltage", which is written by Mike Shinoda, Brad Delson and Joe Hahn; and "My December", which is also written by Shinoda.


US promo:

10" vinyl:

The video starts out with a group of teenage friends hanging out around a dark alley. Two of them follow a strange man wearing a black hooded robe into a door which leads them to an underground room where the band is playing. Strange figures are around doing martial-arts moves. Midway through the song, they knock over a box, and run away when the martial arts people notice them. Towards the end of the song, lead singer Chester Bennington is upside-down.

Joe Hahn, the band's DJ, made the story of the video. Since bassist Dave Farrell has not returned to the band yet, Scott Koziol plays the bass. Gregory Dark directed the video.

"One Step Closer" is the ending song the band's concerts until 2007, where the song was always performed first. In 2008, the band's concerts ended with either the song or "Bleed It Out". From 2003 to 2007, the performances of the song has the verse of Jonathan Davis from his remix of the song in "Reanimation". In their recent concert tour, "A Thousand Suns World Tour", the song is either the final song of the concert or the final song of the main set.


Áras an Uachtaráin

Áras an Uachtaráin (), is the official home of the President of Ireland. The name means "House of the President" in Irish. It is in the Phoenix Park on the northside of Dublin. It used to be known as the Viceregal Lodge.

The original house was designed by park ranger and amateur architect, Nathaniel Clements in the mid eighteenth century. It was bought by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. His official residence was in the Viceregal Apartments in Dublin Castle. The house in the park then became the "Viceregal Lodge", the "out of season" residence of the Lord Lieutenant (also known as the Viceroy), where he lived for most of the year from the 1820s onwards. During the Social Season (January to St. Patrick's Day in March) he lived in Dublin Castle.

In 1882, the grounds around the house became the location for a famous murder. Two men were stabbed to death with surgical knives while walking back to the residence from Dublin Castle. They were the Lord Frederick Cavendish, the British Cabinet minister with responsibility for Irish affairs, and Thomas Henry Burke, chief civil servant. A small insurgent group called the Invincibles was responsible for the deed. The Lord Lieutenant, the 5th Earl Spencer, heard the victims screams from a ground floor window in the drawing room.

In 1911, the house got a large extension for the visit of King George V and Queen Mary. After the Irish Free State was established in 1922, it became the home of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State until 1932. After that the new Governor-General, Domhnall Ua Buachalla, personally leased a private mansion in the southside of Dublin.

The house was left empty for some years, until the office of President of Ireland was created in 1937. In 1938, the first President, Douglas Hyde lived there temporarily while plans were made to build a new presidential palace on the grounds. The outbreak of World War II saved the building, which had been renamed "Áras an Uachtaráin" as plans were put on hold. By 1945 it had become too closely identified with the presidency of Ireland to be demolished. But because it had not been lived in, a lot of work was needed to rebuild and improve it, especially to the kitchens, servants' quarters and chapel. 

The first President, Douglas Hyde lived in the residential quarters on the first floor of the main building. Later presidents moved to the new wing attached to the main house that had been built on for the visit of King George V in 1911. However, in 1990 Mary Robinson moved back to the older main building. Mary McAleese lived in the 1911 wing. The current occupant is Michael D.Higgins

Beside it being the home of the president, it has a few state rooms for official occasions. Áras an Uachtaráin also houses the headquarters of the Garda Mounted Unit.

Various visiting British kings and queens stayed at the Viceregal Lodge, notably Queen Victoria and George V. American presidents that visited include Presidents John F. Kennedy, Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton, who are all of Irish descent. Other famous visitors to the Áras an Uachtaráin have been Princess Grace of Monaco and her husband, Prince Rainier III; King Baudouin of the Belgians; King Juan Carlos and Queen Sophia; Pope John Paul II; Prince Charles, and Prince Philip.

Guests do not normally stay at Áras an Uachtaráin. Although it has ninety-two rooms, many of these are used for storage of presidential files, for household staff and official staff, including military "aides-de-camp", a Secretary to the President and a press office. In 2001, the Irish state opened a guest residence nearby in Farmleigh, a former Guinness mansion.

On 1 May 2004, during Ireland's six-month presidency of the European Union, Áras an Uachtarain was the Venue for the "European Day of Welcomes" (Accession Day) in which ten new members joined the EU. All 25 heads of government attended the flag raising ceremony in the gardens of the palace. 

Áras an Uachtaráin is now open for free tours every Saturday.


Hangar

A hangar is a closed structure made to hold aircraft while it is on the ground. It is like a garage but for aircraft instead of cars. A hangar is most often made of metal, but may be made of other things like wood and concrete. It protects the aircraft from weather and sun damage.

Phoenix Park Murders

The Phoenix Park Murders were the fatal stabbings on 6 May 1882 in Phoenix Park in Dublin, Ireland. Lord Frederick Cavendish and Thomas Henry Burke were killed. Cavendish was the newly appointed Chief Secretary for Ireland, and Burke was the Permanent Undersecretary, the most senior Irish civil servant. The assassination was carried out by members of the "Irish National Invincibles".

Cavendish and Burke were attacked as they walked through Phoenix Park to the Viceregal Lodge. This was the "out of season" residence of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland ("the King's representative and head of the Irish affairs"). Thomas Myles, surgeon at the nearby Dr Steevens' Hospital, was called to help the victims.
The Lord Lieutenant, Lord Spencer, described suddenly hearing screams, before seeing a man running to the Lodge grounds shouting "Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke are killed." Responsibility for the political murders was claimed by a small, until then unknown Republican organisation called the "Irish National Invincibles".

The hunt for the murderers was led by Superintendent John Mallon, a Catholic who came from Armagh. Mallon had a pretty good idea of who was involved. He suspected a number of former Fenian activists. A large number of suspects were arrested and kept in prison by claiming they were connected with other crimes. Mallon got several of them to reveal what they knew about the murders.

The Invincibles' leader James Carey, Michael Kavanagh and Joe Hanlon agreed to testify against the others. Joe Brady, Michael Fagan, Thomas Caffrey, Dan Curley and Tim Kelly were convicted of the murder. They were hanged in Kilmainham Gaol in Dublin between 14 May and 4 June 1883. Others were sentenced to serve long prison terms.

Irish politician Charles Stewart Parnell made a speech condemning the murders in 1882. This increased his popularity in both Britain and Ireland.

In March 1887, "The Times" printed letters that said they were written by Parnell. The letters said that he agreed with the murderers of the English politicians, and that his speech saying otherwise was not true. It later came to light that the letters were not written by Parnell. They were forgeries written by journalist Richard Pigott. Parnell was personally shown to be innocent by the Parnell Commission in 1888-89.


Garage

A garage is a place for storing cars. There are many kinds of garages used for different things.

A residential garage is a garage that is part of a house or similar building. Some garages are directly connected (called "attached") to the house, while others are separate and called a "detached" garage". The garage will have a large garage door that opens to let cars in and out, which is often opened by a motor.

A parking garage is a large covered structure, often made of concrete, which is used for holding many cars. Parking garages may have more than one level.

An automobile repair shop may also be called a garage, although it is for repairing cars rather than just storing them.

Melatonin

Melatonin is a hormone found in animals, plants, and microbes. In animals, levels of melatonin have a daily cycle. It drives the circadian rhythms of several biological functions.

Melatonin is produced in the pineal gland which is outside of the blood–brain barrier. It acts as a hormone, and is released into the blood.

Melatonin acts on melatonin receptors. It also acts directly because it is a powerful antioxidant, which protects DNA.

Melatonin supplements for humans can be given. Melatonin is categorized by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as a dietary supplement, not a drug. A prescription-only, timed release melatonin product for people aged 55 and over was approved for use by the European Medicines Agency in 2007, despite having shown only small effects, and in Australia in 2009.

It is often given to young people with sleep problems.

Luria–Delbrück experiment

The Luria–Delbrück experiment, 1943, also called the 'Fluctuation Test', asks the question: are mutations independent of natural selection? Or are they directed by the selection?

Max Delbrück and Salvador Luria showed that in bacteria, DNA mutations happen randomly. This means they happen at any time, rather than being a response to selection. 

So, Darwin's theory of natural selection acting on random mutations applies to bacteria as well as to more complex organisms. 

Delbrück and Luria won the 1969 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine partly for this work.

In their experiment, Luria and Delbrück grew bacteria in tubes. After a period of growth, they split up the bacteria into separate cultures and put them onto agar containing phage (virus). If virus resistance were not due to random gene mutations, then each plate should contain roughly the same number of resistant colonies. This, however was not what Delbrück and Luria found. Instead, the number of resistant colonies on each plate varied to a great extent.

Luria and Delbrück proposed that these results could be explained by the occurrence of a constant rate of random mutations in each generation of bacteria growing in the initial culture tubes.


Polydactyly

Polydactyly is a birth defect which may affects the hands, feet, or both. It causes one or more extra fingers or toes. It can affect people, and other mammals such as dogs, and cats.

Screen Actors Guild

The Screen Actors Guild (SAG) is an American labor union representing over 200,000 film and television principal performers and background performers worldwide. According to SAG's Mission Statement, the Guild was created to negotiate and enforce reasonable salaries, benefits, and working conditions for its performers; collect compensation for exploitation of recorded performances by its members, and provide protection against unauthorized use of those performances; and preserve and expand work opportunities for its members.

The Guild was founded in 1933 in an effort to end exploitation of actors in Hollywood who were being forced into oppressive multi-year contracts with the major movie studios that did not include restrictions on work hours or minimum rest periods. They often had clauses that automatically renewed at the studios' discretion. These contracts were notorious for allowing the studios to dictate the public and private lives of the performers who signed them, and most did not have provisions to allow the performer to end the deal.

In addition to its main offices in Hollywood, SAG also maintains local branches in several major US cities, including: Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Honolulu, Houston, Las Vegas, Miami, Nashville, New York City, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Portland, Salt Lake City, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle, and Washington DC.

Since 1995, the guild has annually awarded the Screen Actors Guild Awards, which are considered an indicator of success at the Academy Awards.

The membership of the Screen Actors Guild voted to merge with the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists on March 30, 2012. It was later renamed as SAG-AFTRA.



"Later merged as SAG-AFTRA"

Screen Actors Guild Award

A Screen Actors Guild Award is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) to recognize outstanding performances by its members. The statuette given, a nude male figure holding both a mask of comedy and a mask of tragedy, is called "The Actor". It is 16 inches tall, weighs over 12 pounds, cast in solid bronze, and produced by the American Fine Arts Foundry in Burbank, California.

SAG Awards have been one of the major awards events in Hollywood since 1995. Nominations for the awards come from 4200 randomly selected members of the union, with the full membership (120,000 as of 2007) available to vote for the winners. The awards have been televised for the past several years on TNT, but now also airs on TBS.

The first SAG Awards aired live on February 25, 1995 from Stage 12, Universal Studios. The second SAG awards aired live from the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium, while later awards have been held at the Shrine Exposition Center. Bob Hope was given the first award.





Machair

Machair or machar is a Gàidhlig (Scottish Gaelic) word used to describe a fertile low-lying grassy plain found on some of the north-west coastlines of Ireland and Scotland, in particular the Outer Hebrides. There are machairs in the Isle of Skye, The Isle of Barra, the Isle of Harris and all throughout the west coast and islands.


Max Delbrück

Max Ludwig Henning Delbrück (September 4, 1906 – March 9, 1981) was a German-American biophysicist and Nobel laureate.

Delbrück was one of the most influential people in the movement of physical scientists into biology during the 20th century.

Delbrück's big idea was to explore genetics by means of the bacteriophage viruses which infect bacteria. This was important in the early development of molecular biology.

Delbrück was born in Berlin, German Empire. Trained as a physicist, he got his Ph.D. in 1930. he traveled through England, Denmark, and Switzerland. He met Wolfgang Pauli and Niels Bohr, who got him interested in biology.

In 1937, he moved to the United States to pursue his interests in biology, taking up research in the Biology Division at Caltech on genetics of the fruit fly "Drosophila melanogaster". While at Caltech Delbrück became acquainted with bacteria and their viruses (bacteriophage or 'phage').

Delbrück remained in the US during World War II, teaching physics at Vanderbilt University in Nashville while pursuing his genetic research. In 1942, he and Salvador Luria of Indiana University demonstrated that bacterial resistance to virus infection is caused by random mutation and not adaptive change. This research, known as the Luria-Delbrück experiment, was also significant for its use of mathematics to make quantitative predictions for the results to be expected from alternative models. For that work, they were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1969, sharing it with Alfred Hershey.

During the 1940s Delbrück developed a course in bacteriophage genetics at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory to encourage interest in the field. In 1947, Delbrück returned to Caltech as a professor of biology where he remained until 1977.

Salvador Luria

Salvador Edward Luria (Turin, Italy, August 13, 1912 – Lexington, Massachusetts, February 6, 1991) was an Italian microbiologist.

He won the 1969 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his pioneering work with Max Delbrück and Alfred Hershey on phages in molecular biology.

Luria was born Salvatore Edoardo Luria in Turin, Italy to an influential Italian Sephardic Jewish family. He attended the medical school at the University of Turin. There, he met two other future Nobel laureates: Rita Levi-Montalcini and Renato Dulbecco.

In Rome, he was introduced to Max Delbrück's theories on the gene as a molecule and began to formulate methods for testing genetic theory with bacteriophages, which are viruses that infect bacteria.

In 1938, he received a fellowship to study in the United States, where he intended to work with Delbrück. Soon after Luria received the award Benito Mussolini's fascist regime banned Jews from academic research fellowships.

Without funding sources for work in the U.S. or Italy, Luria left his home country for Paris, France in 1938. As the Nazi German armies invaded France in 1940, Luria fled on bicycle to Marseilles where he received an immigration visa to the United States.

Luria arrived in New York City on September 12, 1940 and soon changed his first and middle names. With the help of physicist Enrico Fermi, whom he knew from his time at the University of Rome, Luria received a fellowship at Columbia University. He soon met Delbrück and Hershey, and they collaborated on experiments at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and in Delbrück's lab at Vanderbilt University.

His famous experiment with Delbrück in 1943, known as the Luria-Delbrück experiment, demonstrated that inheritance in bacteria follows Darwinian rather than Lamarckian principles and that mutant genes occurring randomly can still give viral resistance without the virus being present. The idea that natural selection affects bacteria has profound consequences, for example, it explains how bacteria develop antibiotic resistance.

From 1943 to 1950, he worked at Indiana University, Bloomington. His first graduate student was James D. Watson, who went on to discover the structure of DNA with Francis Crick. In January 1947, Luria became a naturalized citizen of the United States.

In 1950, Luria moved to the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. While investigating how a culture of "E. coli" was able to stop the production of phages, Luria discovered that specific bacterial strains produce enzymes that cut DNA at certain sequences. These enzymes became known as restriction enzymes and developed into one of the main molecular tools in molecular biology.

Maya calendar

The Maya calendar is a system of calendars and almanacs used in the Maya civilization of pre-Columbian Mesoamerica, and in some modern Maya communities in highland Guatemala.

It very like calendars employed by other earlier Mesoamerican civilizations, such as the Zapotec and Olmec, and contemporary or later ones such as the Mixtec and Aztec calendars. Although the Mesoamerican calendar did not originate with the Maya, their subsequent extensions and refinements of it were the most sophisticated. Along with those of the Aztecs, the Maya calendars are the best-documented and most completely understood.

There are three main Maya calendars: the 260 day ritual calendar called "Tzolk'in", the 365 day "Haab"', and the "Long Count". Approximately 52 years pass before the Haab and Tzolkin calendars converge and are back in the same alignment. This is called the Calendar round. The Tzolk'in is still in use today by the Ixil, Kek'chi and Quiche peoples of the Guatemalan highlands.

Here is an example of a Maya calendar date: 12.18.16.2.6, 3 Cimi 4 Zotz. The “12.18.16.2.6” is the Long Count. Going from right to left, the units are: kin (1 day), uinal (20 kin = 20 days), tun (18 uinal = 360 days), katun (20 tun = approximately 20 years), baktun (20 katun =394 years). The Long Count was used to track periods of time longer than the 52 years of the Calendar Round. The mythical starting date of the current creation was August 11, 3114 BCE (Gregorian). “3 Cimi” is the Tzolkin date. The Tzolkin date is a combination of thirteen days numbered one-thirteen and twenty day-names. “4 Zotz” is the Haab' date. The Haab' year contains 18 months (each named) with 20 days each. The number before the word is the day of that month. The Maya then added five days to the calendar after the last month, Cumku, ends, in order to make the year 365 days long. Those five days, called "Uayeb," were considered to be unlucky.

A common conspiracy theory myth about the Maya calendar was that it predicted that the world would end on December 21, 2012. This belief was mistaken. According to the Maya, there were three previous worlds. The first began with “the creation of the Earth, and it had upon it vegetation and living beings. Unfortunately, because they lacked speech, the birds and animals were unable to pay homage to the gods and were destroyed. In the second and third Ages the gods created humans of mud and then wood, but these also failed to please and were wiped out. The "zero date" 13.0.0.0.0 on the Long Count was when, according to the Maya, the third world ended and the fourth one, the current world, began. Another 13.0.0.0.0 would occur on December 21, 2012. There is no evidence that the Long Count would end on 13.0.0.0.0 or that the Maya believed that this would be the date of the apocalypse. Still, a variety of popular books and movies have contributed to the publicity surrounding the Maya calendar's supposed prediction of the end of the world in 2012. Some believers have taken advantage of this publicity to sell guides to surviving the apocalypse.


Mexican coat of arms

The flag of Mexico contains a coat of arms which is derived from an Aztec symbol depicting an eagle with a snake in its mouth.

In the early 14th century, the Mexica people were a wandering tribe looking for a permanent settlement in modern day central Mexico. They survived by hunting and gathering and were often hired to fight as mercenaries for the city-states scattered throughout the region. According to legend, their god, Huitzilopochtli, told them to establish a city of their own at a site where they would find an eagle eating a snake on top of a cactus. The legend relates that the people saw the eagle on a small, swampy island in the middle of the shallow Texcoco lake. The Mexica invented a resourceful system of gardening, called chinampas, which allowed them to grow small gardens, eventually drying out the lake. In 1325, they completed construction of a city there. That city, which they called Tenochtitlan, became the capital of the Aztec Empire, which dominated central Mexico until its destruction by Spanish Conquistadores led by Hernando Cortes.

After winning its independence from Spain in 1810, the newly created nation of Mexico–whose capital was built on the ruins of Tenochtitlan–adopted the symbol of the eagle and the snake to commemorate its Aztec heritage. The symbol can be found at the center of the Mexican flag.


San Lorenzo Tenochtitlan

San Lorenzo Tenochtitlan started out as an agricultural and population center for the Olmec civilization, which inhabited a region of what is today southeastern Mexico. The Olmecs emerged as early as 1500 BC as the earliest complex society in the Americas. San Lorenzo is best known as the first city established in the Americas.

The main reason San Lorenzo flourished at such an early period is its location within the Coatzacoalcos flood plain, which provided fertile land for farming. Thus, the settlement of San Lorenzo follows the pattern of settlement of the world’s very first urban centers, which emerged in the fertile river valleys of Mesopotamia. Because of the high farming value of the surrounding land, San Lorenzo ranked as the Olmecs’ most populous settlement from 1200-900 BC. During that period, San Lorenzo had the biggest trade market in all of the Olmec Heartland.

For unknown reasons, many people migrated out of San Lorenzo in 800 BC to the nearby city of La Venta. However, San Lorenzo was repopulated in 600 BC, when it became a center for Olmec ritual sacrifices until the population faded away in 400 BC along with the Olmec civilization. Today, San Lorenzo remains a significant archaeological site because the artifacts found there–including the famous Colossal Heads and jade masks–shed some light on Olmec culture and its profound influence on later Mesoamerican civilizations, such as the Aztec and Maya.

Terrace farming

Terrace farming (also called step farming) is a method of farming that consists of different "steps" or terraces that were developed in various places around the world. The rice terraces of the Philippine Cordilleras are an example and are considered a World Heritage Site.

This method of farming uses "steps" that are built into the side of a mountain or hill. On each level, various crops are planted. When it rains, instead of washing away all of the nutrients in the soil, the nutrients are carried down to the next level. These steps prevent water from washing away the soil and plants. This system also allowed them to build aqueducts, which carried water to each level.

The idea was also independently developed by the Inca people. The Incas built their aqueduct system so well that it is still used today.



Sapa Inca

Sapa Inca was the Inca emperor. "" means "The Great Inca" or "The Only Inca" in Quechua, the Inca language. According to legend, the first Sapa Inca, Manco Cápac (c. 1200 CE- 1230) was the son of the sun god, Inti. Manco Cápac became Sapa Inca by founding the city of Cuzco after he was sent on a quest by a god to find a good location for a city and build one. He also united the tribes around Cuzco.

The position of Sapa Inca was hereditary, which means that it passed from father to son. The Sapa Inca was the sole and absolute ruler over the Incas. His word was law, and he was the supreme commander of the military. The Sapa Inca lived in great luxury with many wives, slaves, and riches. Another privilege that he had was that he was allowed to (and usually was prohibited for common people. When the Sapa Inca died he would be mummified.

The Inca Empire reached its height under Huayna Capac (1493–1527) when it stretched from modern-day Argentina to Ecuador, although Tupac Inca Yupanqui (1471-1493) was responsible for expanding much of the empire to those borders. Tupac Yupanqui conquered the Kingdom of Chimor, the biggest rival to the Inca. He expanded the empire into modern-day Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia. Atahualpa was the last pre-conquest Sapa Inca. He was killed by the invading Spaniards in 1533 and after that, there were several Sapa Inca who was installed by the Spanish. The last person to hold the title was Tupac Amaru who was killed by the Spanish in 1572.

STS-1

STS-1 was the first flight of the space shuttle. It launched on April 12, 1981 and landed on April 14. It was launched 20 years after the first manned space flight. The space shuttle used was "Columbia". Space Shuttle Columbia orbited the Earth 37 times in this mission.

STS-1 was the first of two missions with a painted external tank. The paint was put to protect the external tank from ultraviolet light when it was standing on the launch pad. After STS-2, the paint was removed

Omar Hassan Ahmad al-Bashir

Omar Hassan Ahmad al-Bashir (; born 1944) is the former President of Sudan. He came into power in 1989 and resigned in 2019 following massive anti-protests and a coup. In October 2004, Omar's government negotiated an end to the second Sudanese civil war, one of the longest-running and deadliest wars of the 20th century. However, there has been a violent conflict in Darfur that has resulted in a death toll between 200,000 and 400,000. During his presidency, there have been several violent struggles between the rebel groups such as the Sudanese Liberation Army (SLA) and the Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) in the form of warfare in the Darfur region. The civil war has resulted in over 2.5 million people being displaced, and the relations between Sudan and Chad are at a crisis.

Regression (psychology)

Regression is a word used in psychology on defense mechanism. It means the act of reversing the ego into an earlier state which allows one to avoid dealing with impulses in a mature manner.

A common example of regression is “curling up into a ball” (also known as the fetal position) when stressed, ill, or wounded.

Displacement (psychology)

Displacement is a word used in Freudian psychology for is an unconscious defence mechanism. Example: the mind redirects thoughts, emotions, desires from an object or person felt to be dangerous or unacceptable to an object or person felt to be safe or acceptable.

More generally, the substitute of one response by another, when the original response is blocked: displaced aggression.

Ego depletion

Ego depletion is the idea that people get tired of making decisions because it is a neuro-chemical process that requires energy.

Central dogma of molecular biology

The central dogma of molecular biology is a phrase by Francis Crick, who proposed the double helix structure of DNA.
It means that information passes from DNA to proteins via RNA, but proteins cannot pass the information back to DNA.

Crick first wrote it in 1958, and repeated it in 1970.

The dogma is a framework for understanding the transfer of sequence information. 

There are 3 major classes of such biopolymers: DNA and RNA (both nucleic acids), and protein. There are 3×3 = 9 conceivable direct transfers of information that can occur between these. The dogma classes these into 3 groups of 3: 

The general transfers describe the normal flow of biological information: DNA can be copied to DNA (DNA replication), DNA information can be copied into mRNA, (transcription), and proteins can be synthesized using the information in mRNA as a template (translation).
The dogma is a modern version of the Weismann barrier (after August Weismann). This is the principle that hereditary information moves only from genes to body cells, and never in reverse. Hereditary information moves only from germline cells to somatic cells.

Ubar

Ubar is a ruined city in Oman. English adventurer Ranulph Fiennes discovered the city in 1992. According to Nicolas Clapp, this probably is the lost city Iram of the Pillars the Qu'ran talks about. 

Today, ruins are left, which can be reached in a four-wheel drive. Part of the area forms the ceiling to underground vaults, which have collapsed. These vaults hold water supplies for a nearby settlement, which houses a small museum.

Wavves

Wavves (pronounced "waves") is an American noise pop band based out of San Diego, California. They formed in 2008, and are currently signed to Fat Possum Records.


Daniel Catán

Daniel Catán Porteny (3 April 1949 in Mexico City - 9 April 2011 in Austin, Texas) was a Mexican opera composer of Jewish descent. He is best known for turning the Italian movie, "Il Postino", into an opera. He was working at the University of Texas at Austin on a new opera based on the Frank Capra movie, "Meet John Doe".


Rick Perry

James Richard "Rick" Perry (born March 4, 1950) is an American former politician. He was the 14th United States Secretary of Energy from March 2, 2017 through December 1, 2019. He was the Governor of Texas from 2000 to 2015. He is a Republican. He became governor when George W. Bush became President, and has been elected three more times. Perry was the longest governor in the United States for 14 years. 

On December 13, 2016, then-President-elect Donald Trump nominated Perry to serve as United States Secretary of Energy during his administration. He was confirmed by the United States senate on March 2, 2017.

Perry was born in Haskell, Texas. His parents were Joseph Perry and Amelia Holt. He grew up in West Texas and studied at Texas A&M University. During his early years, he was a farmer and a pilot.

In 1984, Perry was elected to the Texas House of Representatives as a Democrat from district 64, which included his home county of Haskell. He served on the House Appropriations and Calendars committees during his three two-year terms in office. 

In 1990, as a newly Republican, Perry challenged Jim Hightower, the incumbent Democratic Agriculture Commissioner. Karl Rove was Perry’s campaign manager. Perry won the election.

In April 1993, Perry, while serving as Texas agriculture commissioner, expressed support for the effort to reform the nation's health care, describing it as "most commendable".

In 1994, Perry was reelected Agriculture Commissioner by a large margin.

In 1998, Perry chose not to seek a third term as Agriculture Commissioner, running instead for Lieutenant Governor to succeed the retiring Democrat Bob Bullock. He won the election.

Perry assumed the office of governor on December 21, 2000, following the resignation of George W. Bush – who was preparing to become President of the United States. In the 2001 legislative session, Perry set a record for his use of the veto, rejecting 82 acts, more than
any other governor in any single legislative session in the history of the state since Reconstruction.

Perry's campaigns for lieutenant governor and governor focused on a tough stance on crime. He has supported block grants for crime programs. In 2007, Perry signed a law ending automatic arrest for cannabis possession.

Perry supports the death penalty. In June 2002, he vetoed a ban on the execution of mentally retarded inmates. As of September 18, 2014, there have been 278 executions since Perry first took office in December 2000.

Perry was re-elected in 2006 and in 2010. In 2014, Perry announced that he would not run for a fourth term.

On August 15, 2014, Perry was indicted by a grand jury on felony charges for abuse of power. He was accused of threatening a Democratic District Attorney who had been convicted of drunk driving to resign by threatening to veto funding for state public corruption prosecutors. The indictment received some support and also wide criticism from all sides of the political parties, and editorial criticism from major US newspapers.

Perry also ran for President of the United States in the 2012 Republican primaries. He was one of the last candidates to enter the race. He was a frontrunner for the nomination during the first month of his campaign, but he did not do well in many of the debates. On January 19, 2012, Perry withdrew his campaign and endorsed Newt Gingrich.

On June 4, 2015, Perry officially announced his bid with a new web site and a press conference at Addison Airport outside Dallas, Texas. Perry then announced his candidacy at the scheduled press conference. On September 11, 2015, Perry dropped out of the race after poor polling after the first debate. He later announced his support for Ted Cruz and later Donald Trump for president.

Perry has been mentioned as a possible challenger to U.S. Senator and fellow 2016 Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz in 2018. Speculation about Cruz being challenged in the Republican primary arose during the 2016 Republican National Convention, when Cruz refused to endorse Donald Trump, the eventual Republican presidential nominee, whom Perry had endorsed after Cruz suspended his campaign. In a poll conducted from August 12 to 14 of that year by "Public Policy Polling", Perry had a 46%-37% lead over Cruz. In November 2016, Perry declined to enter the senate race and endorsed Cruz in the elections.

On December 12, 2016, multiple sources reported that Perry is to be nominated by President-elect of the United States Trump to serve as Secretary of the United States Department of Energy. His nomination was approved by a 16-7 vote from the United States Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources on January 31, 2017.

On March 2, 2017, Perry was confirmed by the United States Senate in a 62-37 vote.

On October 17, 2019, Perry told Trump he would resign by the end of the year. He officially stepped down on December 1, 2019.

A July 25, 2019 telephone call between Trump and Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelensky led in September to a whistleblower complaint and an impeachment inquiry against Trump. Two weeks after the inquiry was launched, Trump claimed in a conference call with Congressional Republican leaders that he had only made the telephone call at Perry's urging. Perry denied ever mentioning Joe Biden in his discussions with Trump or Ukrainian officials.

Although Perry is a Methodist, he now attends an Evangelical "megachurch". He is also an Eagle Scout. Perry married Anita Thigpen in 1982. Together, they have two children.

On August 30, 2016, Perry was announced as one of the celebrities who would compete on season 23 of "Dancing with the Stars". He was partnered with professional dancer Emma Slater. Perry and Slater were eliminated on the third week of competition and finished in 12th place.


Jerry Jones

Jerral "Jerry" Wayne Jones (born October 13, 1942 in Los Angeles, California) is the owner and general manager of the Dallas Cowboys in the NFL. He has owned the team since 1989.

Texas Motor Speedway

Texas Motor Speedway is a racetrack in Fort Worth, Texas. It hosts two races a year in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. It first opened in 1996. Its layout is similar to the track layout of Atlanta Motor Speedway and Charlotte Motor Speedway (which used to be known as Lowe's Motor Speedway).

<nowiki>*</nowiki> 


Little Caesars

Little Caesars is a pizza company in the United States. It is the 4th biggest pizza company in the United States. It was founded on May 8, 1959 in Garden City, Michigan by Mike Ilitch. It is a subsidiary of Ilitch Holdings, Inc.


Whataburger

Whataburger is a fast food restaurant that specifically makes hamburgers. It was founded in 1950 in the city of Corpus Christi, Texas. The restaurant chain was completely on portable stands until the first permanent store was built in 1961. Most Whataburger locations are open for all 24 hours in the day.


Monday Night Football

The Human League

The Human League is a British pop music band from Sheffield. The Human League has 3 members: Philip Oakey, Joanne Catherall, and Susan Ann Sulley. The band originally had 6 members. The other 3 members were Ian Burden, Jo Callis, and Philip Adrian Wright. They all left The Human League in the late 1980s.

The Human League started in 1977 and they had their greatest success during the 1980s. They continue to make new music today. Philip Oakey, the band's singer, is the only Human League member that has been with the band since it started. The other 2 members, Joanne Catherall and Susan Ann Sulley, joined The Human League in 1980.

The Human League has made 10 albums. Their newest album is called "Credo" and it was released in March 2011. Some of The Human League's hit songs are "Don't You Want Me", "Keep Feeling Fascination", "The Lebanon" and "Human".

Below is a list of all the albums by The Human League.

20/20 (American TV program)

20/20 is a television newsmagazine on ABC. It has been on ABC since June 6, 1978 and is currently airing. 20/20 is recently hosted by Chris Cuomo and Elizabeth Vargas, currently hosted by David Muir and Amy Robach.



Mesoamerican ball game

The Mesoamerican ball game is a sport that people in Mesoamerica have played since about 1,400 B.C.E. It was the first team sport in history, as far as historians know.

The Olmecs, who lived from 1,200 B.C.E. to 400 B.C.E., played the Mesoamerican ballgame. They may have created the game. The ancient Mayans played the game; they called it pitz in Classical Maya. Later, the Aztecs played it; in their language, Nahuatl, they called the game ōllamaliztli.

In some parts of Mexico, indigenous people still play a more modern version of the game, called "ulama". This means that people have played the Mesoamerican ballgame for over 3,400 years longer than any other sport in history. The Mesoamerican ballgame was also the first sport in history ever to use a rubber ball.

The game's goal was to shoot a ball through a stone hoop about wide. The ball, called an "ulli", was made out of rubber. It weighed about , about as much as a brick. The court, called a "tlachtili", was around long. It had a wall on each side. The stone hoops hung on these walls.

The court was usually in the shape of an “I,” although the shape was sometimes different. A line ran down the center of the court. From that line, the floor sloped to meet the walls.

The players were only allowed to use their heads, elbows, legs, and hips to hit the ball. The ball was not allowed to touch the ground, so the players often dove to avoid losing points. If one of the teams got the ball through the stone hoop, the game was over and that team won. However, this was very hard to do, since the stone hoops could be as high as off the ground. Since getting the ball through the hoop was uncommon, a team could also score points by hitting one of six markers alongside the edges of the court.

Gambling played a large part in the culture surrounding the ballgame. People could bet nearly anything on which team would win the game. Some ancient people bet things like beautiful feathers. Others bet children or even their own lives. The losers sometimes sold themselves into slavery just so they could pay off their debt.

Sometimes, city-states would play the game instead of going to war with each other. The city-state whose team won the game would rule over the losing city-state. Winning or losing a game could turn into an excuse to start an attack or try an assassination.

The Mesoamerican ballgame also held a very important religious meaning. In Aztec culture, for example, the game was meant to represent the combat that happened every day on the "ball court" in the underworld, where the sun fought with the night to get across.

The game's religious meaning was linked to the Mayan and Aztec practices of human sacrifice. Sometimes, the Mayans would make prisoners of war play the game, and would sacrifice them if they lost. However, Mayan art suggests that Mayan ballplayers, maybe team captains, were sacrificed too.

The Aztecs also sacrificed losing teams (or, according to some historians, winning teams) after some games. The ancient Aztecs believed that without human sacrifice, the sun would stop and the earth would be plunged into darkness. Sometimes, ancient Aztecs would decorate the ball court with the skulls of people who had been sacrificed. The ball itself was a symbol of a sacrificed person's head. Sometimes, the actual head or skull of a sacrificed person was used as a ball in the game.

In modern times, the Aztec ballgame changed into "ulama." People still play this game in a few communities in the Mexican state of Sinaloa.

Ulama uses temporary courts, made by drawing thick lines in the dirt. There are three different ways to play ulama. In the different versions of the game, players may use their hips, forearms, or paddles to hit the ball.

Hit the Road, Jack

"Hit the Road Jack" is a rhythm and blues song from the 1960s.

Percy Mayfield wrote and sang "Hit the Road, Jack" in 1960. 

Ray Charles made the song famous. Ray Charles's song was number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in fall of 1961. 

The song is ranked #377 on the Rolling Stone magazine's list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".

The first recording was a cappella. Ray Charles did it with his lover, Margie Hendrix. The song uses what is known as Andalusian cadence. 

Today, there are many versions. Richard Anthony did a version in French, Monica Zetterlund one in Swedish. 

The chorus of the song is:

The words of this song are not standard English. In standard English, the words could be "Hit the road, Jack, and don't come back again" or "Hit the road, Jack, and don't come back anymore"

In this context, "hit the road" is an idiom meaning "get lost," as the following words indicate.

For the most popular recording

Olaf Scholz

Olaf Scholz (; born ) is a German politician, and has been Chancellor of Germany since 8 December 2021. He was First Mayor of Hamburg from 7 March 2011 to 13 March 2018. From 2018 until 2021, Scholz was the Vice Chancellor of Germany and Federal Minister of Finance during the Angela Merkel cabinet.

Scholz was born on June 14, 1958, in Osnabrück, Lower Saxony, but grew up Hamburg's Rahlstedt district. He began studying law at the University of Hamburg in 1978 as part of a one-stage legal training course.

From May to October 2001, he was Minister of the Interior "(Innensenator)" of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg and from 2002 to 2004 he was general secretary of the SPD.

In 2005 Scholz was elected a member of the sixteenth Bundestag, and succeeded Franz Müntefering as Minister of Labour and Social Affairs, when the latter left office in 2007.

In 2010, Scholz took part in the annual Bilderberg Meeting in Sitges, Catalonia, Spain.

On 20 February 2011, the Social Democrats led by Scholz won the Hamburg state election, 2011 with 48.3% of the votes, resulting in 62 out of 121 seats in the Hamburg Parliament. Scholz resigned as a member of the seventeenth Bundestag on 11 March 2011 shortly after his election as First Mayor.

After the 2017 federal election, the CDU, CSU and SPD agreed to continue a coalition, Scholz was accepted by all parties as Federal Minister of Finance. Scholz was sworn in alongside the rest of the Government on 14 March 2018. He also took the role of Vice-Chancellor of Germany under Angela Merkel. Within his first months in office, Scholz became one of Germany's most popular politicians, reaching an approval rating of 50 percent.

On August 10, 2020, the SPD party executive nominated him as its chancellor candidate for the 2021 federal election in Germany. Scholz led the SPD to a narrow victory in the election, winning 25.8% of the vote and 206 seats in the Bundestag.

On 8 December 2021, Scholz was elected and sworn-in as Chancellor by the Bundestag with 395 votes in favour and 303 against. At of age, Scholz is the oldest person to become Chancellor of Germany since Ludwig Erhard who was old when he assumed office on 17 October 1963.

During his campaign in the 2021 election, Scholz was against forcing a COVID-19 vaccine mandate. However, since the SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant began to rise in late November 2021, he supported a vaccine mandate, including closure of non-essential retail stores to unvaccinated adults and a vaccine mandate for adults.

Scholz is married to SPD politician Britta Ernst since 1998. The couple live in Potsdam since 2018.

Lemmy

Ian Fraser "Lemmy" Kilmister (24 December 1945 – 28 December 2015), commonly known by Lemmy, was a British musician, singer-songwriter and actor. He was best known as the bassist of the heavy metal band Motörhead.

Lemmy was born in Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England. He went to school at Ysgol Syr Thomas Jones in Amlwch, Wales. At age 16 he attended a concert by The Beatles in the Cavern Club. Lemmy liked the sarcastic attitude of the Beatles, especially John Lennon. Around that time he began playing guitar in small local bands like The Sundowners.

In mid-1960, he played guitar in bands like The Rainmakers, then The Motown Sect, playing clubs in the north. In 1965, he joined the band The Rockin 'Vickers, and signed a contract with CBS. The band released three single albums and toured Europe. In 1967, he moved to London and got a job as a roadie on The Jimi Hendrix Experience. In 1968, he recorded an album titled "Escalator" with the band Sam Gopal. After that, Lemmy met Simon King in a shopping center in Chelsea and then joined the band Opal Butterfly for a short period.

Lemmy joined the Ladbroke Grove rock band Hawkwind as a bassist and vocalist. He gained experience as a bassist, because until then he had only worked as a guitarist. Lemmy was also lead vocals on several songs for the band.

In 1975, Lemmy founded a new band called Bastard with guitarist Larry Wallis and Lucas Fox on drums. Later, Lemmy changed the name of the band to Motörhead. Wallis and Fox left the band and were replaced by the guitarist Eddie Clarke and drummer Phil "Philthy Animal" Taylor. This new formation would begin Motörhead's success in live performances. In 1977, the band recorded their first album, "Motörhead", released 24 September 1977. The second album, titled "Overkill", contained two songs that would become Motörhead classics: "Louie Louie" and "Overkill". The peak of the band was 1980 and 1981 with a series of chart hits in the UK, including the classic single "Ace of Spades", one of the biggest hits of the band. 

Motörhead's members changed throughout the band's career, but Lemmy remained on bass and vocals from their start 1975 until his death in December 2015.

Lemmy's career as an actor began by playing small roles in low-budget UK films "Eat the Rich" (1988) and "Hardware" (1990). His credits include "Terror Firmer" (1998), "Frezno Smooth" (1999), and "Citizen Toxie: The Toxic Avenger IV" (2000).

On 28 December 2015, Lemmy died of prostate cancer, cardiac arrhythmia and congestive heart failure at his home in Los Angeles, California at the age of 70.


Ole von Beust

Carl-Friedrich Arp Ole Freiherr von Beust, generally called Ole von Beust, born 13 April 1955, in Hamburg, Germany, was Ole von Beust First Mayor of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg () from 31 October 2001 to 25 August 2010, serving as President of the Bundesrat from 1 November 2007 on for one year. He was followed as mayor by Christoph Ahlhaus.

He is the son of Achim Helge Freiherr von Beust and Hanna, née Wolff, who was considered half Jewish in Nazi Germany. Through his father he is a descendant of Saxon and Austrian statesman Count Friedrich Ferdinand von Beust.

In 1971 von Beust became member of the conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU). In 1973, after finishing high school, he worked for the CDU group in Hamburg's city-state parliament ("Bürgerschaft"), a position he held until he started to study law in 1975 at the University of Hamburg. From 1977 until 1983 he was Hamburg president of the youth organisation of his party. Since 1978 Beust has been a member of the Hamburg city-state's parliament. In 1983 he successfully completed his studies and became an independent lawyer.

He has been a member of the ruling council of the Hamburg Land CDU since 1992, and of the national ruling council of the CDU party since 1998.

On 31 October 2001, Ole von Beust became First Mayor of Hamburg.

On 19 August 2003, Beust dismissed his vice-mayor Ronald Schill, causing a scandal. Beust had earlier dismissed Walter Wellinghausen, senator of the interior and Schill's most important official, without consulting Schill beforehand. This was due to public allegations of misconduct on Wellinghausen's part. In a private conversation, Schill then demanded that Beust take back the dismissal, allegedly using personal threats. Beust then decided to dismiss Schill as well.

In the press conference Schill held minutes after he had heard of his own dismissal, he spoke vaguely of "homosexual relationships", a "flat in an infamous hustler district" and "certain things happened that let one infer the occurrence of love acts" between Beust and Roger Kusch, who Beust had appointed minister (in German city-states "senator") of justice. Beust in turn stated that Schill threatened to make his alleged liaison with Kusch public under the premise that Beust intermingled public and private affairs. He said he had no sexual relationship with Kusch, that they merely knew each other for 25 years and were good friends, and that Beust was Kusch's landlord. "This is all – absolutely all", according to Beust.

His unprepared statement to the press quickly earned Schill an homophobic reputation. A popular radio-station broadcast a song calling him "Mega-Proll" (mega redneck) and gay and lesbian associations protested vocally. Schill however later affirmed Beust's version of the story, except for the accusations of blackmail, saying that he warned Beust to stay clear of nepotism, and that this had nothing to do with Beust's sexual orientation. He stated "I have nothing against homosexuals".

In a later interview, Beust's father confirmed that his son is indeed homosexual. Beust himself considers his sexual orientation a private matter; when asked directly he usually ironically refers the interviewer to his father.

The Hamburg elections of 29 February 2004, ended with an unprecedented landslide victory for Ole von Beust and the CDU, with the party achieving absolute majority in the city-state's parliament. The CDU gained 47.2 percent of the vote, a full 21-point increase from the previous election in September 2001. This was the first time since 1993 the city-state has had only a single ruling party. In the Hamburg elections of 24 February 2008, the CDU gained 42.6 percent of the vote. Thus, the CDU continued to be the strongest party in Hamburg. However, since the CDU lost its absolute majority, it formed a coalition government with the Greens.

On 18 July 2010 Ole von Beust declared his resignation effective 25 August. He was a finalist for the 2010 World Mayor prize.



Sunny Day Real Estate

Sunny Day Real Estate is an American rock band from Seattle, Washington. Sunny Day Real Estate formed in 1992 when they were originally called "Empty Set". The started in 1992 and broke up in 1995 because Goldsmith and Mendel were leaving to join Dave Grohl's band The Foo Fighters. They reunited in 1997 and disbanded again in 2001. They reunited once again in 2009.



Volbeat

Volbeat is an Danish heavy metal band from Copenhagen. Volbeat formed in 2001 when singer Michael Poulsen formed a death metal band called Dominus. He became tired of the death metal genre and left the band. He then formed a new band called Volbeat with other members of Dominus.



Alfred Hershey

Alfred Day Hershey (December 4, 1908 – May 22, 1997) was an American Nobel Prize-winning bacteriologist and geneticist.

He was born in Owosso, Michigan and received his B.S. in chemistry at Michigan State University in 1930 and his Ph.D. in bacteriology in 1934, taking a position shortly thereafter at the Department of Bacteriology at Washington University in St. Louis.

He began doing experiments with bacteriophages with Italian-American Salvador Luria and German Max Delbrück in 1940. He found that when two different strains of bacteriophage have infected the same bacteria, the two viruses may exchange genetic information.

He moved with his wife Harriet to Cold Spring Harbor, New York, in 1950 to join the Carnegie Institution for Science's Department of Genetics. There he performed the famous Hershey-Chase blender experiment with Martha Chase in 1952. This experiment provided additional evidence that DNA, not protein, was the genetic material.

He became director of the Carnegie Institution in 1962 and was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1969, shared with Luria and Delbrück for their discovery on the replication of viruses and their genetic structure.


Blues Hall of Fame

The Blues Hall of Fame is a list of people who are important in the development of blues music. The Hall is part of the Blues Foundation, and honors people who have performed, recorded, or documented blues.















Non Performers :

Non Performers:

Non Performers:

Non Performer:

Non Performers:

Non Performers:

Non Performer:

Non Performers:

Non Performer:

Non Performer:

Non Performer:

Non Performer:

Non-Performers:

Non-Performers:


Non-Performers:

Non-Performers:

Non-Performers:

Non-Performers:


Night terror

A night terror, also known as a sleep terror, is a sleep disorder that causes extreme terror and a temporary inability to regain full consciousness. The person having the night terror wakes up suddenly, usually gasping, moaning, or screaming while waking. It is often impossible to wake up the person fully because they are so concentrated on waking, and after the terror the subject normally settles back to sleep without waking. A night terror can rarely be recalled by the subject. They typically occur during non-rapid eye movement sleep.


David Hubel

David Hunter Hubel (February 27, 1926 – September 22, 2013) was a Canadian neurophysiologist noted for his studies of the structure and function of the visual cortex. He was co-recipient with Torsten Wiesel of the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (shared with Roger W. Sperry), for their discoveries concerning information processing in the visual system. 

For much of his career, Hubel was the John Franklin Enders University Professor of Neurobiology at Harvard Medical School. In 1978, Hubel and Wiesel were awarded the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize from Columbia University.
David Hunter Hubel (February 27, 1926 September 22, 2013) was a Professor of Neurobiology Emeritus at Harvard Medical School.

Hubel was co-recipient with Torsten Wiesel of the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their discoveries about information processing in the visual system. The prize was shared with Roger Sperry for his independent research on the cerebral hemispheres.

Hubel died of renal failure.

Hubel and Wiesel received the Nobel Prize for two major contributions:

In one experiment, done in 1959, they inserted a microelectrode into the primary visual cortex of an anesthetized cat. They then projected patterns of light and dark on a screen in front of the cat. They found that some neurons fired rapidly when presented with lines at one angle, while others responded best to another angle. Some of these neurons responded differently to light patterns than to dark patterns. Hubel and Wiesel called these neurons 'simple cells'.

Still other neurons, which they called 'complex cells', detected edges regardless of how they were placed in the visual field, and could detect motion in certain directions. These studies showed how the visual system constructs complex pictures of visual information from simple stimulus features.

They did important work in the study of cortical plasticity (flexibility).

By depriving kittens from using one eye, they showed that columns in the primary visual cortex receiving inputs from the other eye took over the areas that would normally receive input from the deprived eye.

These kittens did not develop areas receiving input from both eyes, a feature needed for binocular vision. Hubel and Wiesel's experiments showed that ocular dominance (dominance of one eye is normal) develops early in childhood development, and cannot be reversed. Several childhood vision problems were understood better after this work.


Red Bull Arena (Harrison)

The Red Bull Arena is a soccer stadium in Harrison, New Jersey in the United States. It is home to two teams that each play in the top level of American soccer—the New York Red Bulls, a men's team playing in Major League Soccer, and NJ/NY Gotham FC, which plays in the National Women's Soccer League.

The construction started in 2006, but through differences of the clubowner and the state of New Jersey there was a delay. After the buying of the former Metro Stars by the Red Bull Company the stadium was opened on March 20th, 2010 with a friendly match of the NY Red Bulls versus FC Santos from Brazil. One week later the first leaguematch was held in the new stadium versus Chicago Fire. The stadium has 30 luxury suites and 1,000 premium seats. The design is customized to the design of the owner company, Red Bull.



Roger Wolcott Sperry

Roger Wolcott Sperry (August 20, 1913 – April 17, 1994) was an American neurobiologist and Nobel Prize winner. 

He shared the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with David Hubel and Torsten Wiesel. In 1989, Sperry also received the National Medal of Science.

Before Sperry's experiments, some research evidence seemed to indicate that areas of the cerebral cortex were largely interchangeable. In his early experiments, Sperry showed that the opposite was true: after early development, circuits of the brain are largely hardwired. That is, they are set with a particular function.

Sperry's work was on 'split-brain' research. In his Nobel-winning work, Sperry tested ten patients who had undergone an operation developed in 1940 by William Van Wagenen, a neurosurgeon in Rochester, NY. 

The surgery, designed to treat epileptics with "grand mal" seizures, severed (cut) the corpus callosum, the area of the brain used to transfer signals between the right and left hemispheres. 

Sperry and his colleagues tested these patients with tasks that were known to be dependent on specific hemispheres of the brain and demonstrated that the two halves of the brain may each contain consciousness. In his words, each hemisphere is

This research contributed greatly to understanding how each cerebral hemisphere works. 

Some activities, such as naming objects or putting blocks together in a particular way, can only be done when using one side of the brain or the other. It seems the left hemisphere usually specializes in language processes and the right is dominant in visual-construction tasks.

Machair (TV series)

Machair was a Scottish Gaelic television soap opera produced by Scottish Television Enterprises between January 1993 and April 1999.

"Machair" was written in English and translated into Gaelic, then given English subtitles and broadcast during primetime. At first, critics thought this process would not work, but when the show aired it got lots of praise from reviewers. Kenneth Roy, television critic of Scotland on Sunday, described it as ""A credit to the company (Scottish Television) and a smack in the face to those of us who were doubtful"" and after a few episodes said ""It is even better than it looked at first glance quite simply the best thing to have happened to television in Scotland for a long time."" Audiences liked the show too. "Machair" got 30% audience share and made it into the Top Ten of programmes viewed in Scotland, even though fewer than 2% of the Scottish population can speak Gaelic. It was nominated for awards for production and writing from "The Celtic Film Festival" and Writers Guild of Great Britain.

Oil refinery

An oil refinery or petroleum refinery is an industrial plant where crude oil is made into useful petroleum products by fractional distillation and other processes. Products include gasoline, diesel fuel, asphalt base, heating oil, kerosene, and liquefied petroleum gas.


IP Phone

An IP Phone is a VoIP-based telephone service. Because it uses the internet instead of a phone company, call costs are often lower.

List of Rugrats episodes

The following is a list of episodes from the American animated series "Rugrats". The first episode aired on Sunday, August 11, 1991. The first three seasons aired between 1991 and 1995. The series returned with two Jewish holiday specials in April 1995 and December 1996. From 1997 to 2004, the series began airing regular episodes again. The 10th anniversary special "All Growed Up" aired on July 21, 2001, on Nickelodeon. "Rugrats" ended on Sunday, August 1, 2004. "Rugrats" reruns still air on TeenNick’s late night programming block NickRewind. There are 9 seasons, 172 episodes, three movies, and two direct-to-DVD specials.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

In the United States, episodes 127 to 130 were held over from this season and ended up airing during Season 7. The first Klasky Csupo logo still appeared after the second logo appeared at the end of "The Rugrats Movie". The second logo did not appear until "Runaway Reptar".
During season 7, "Rugrats" made a change with a different format that consisted of three segments per episode. Additionally, all half-hour stories from this point on had two ad breaks instead of one.
The original two-segment format for "Rugrats" was brought back in season 8. However, the half-hour episodes retain having two commercial breaks. The first Klasky Csupo logo appeared after the credits in the early airings of this season. However, the Season 8 DVD from Amazon.com, "The '90s Are All That" and the later airings kept the second logo.
Nickelodeon and Amazon.com produce DVDs of new and old Nickelodeon shows through the CreateSpace service. Using a concept similar to print on demand, Amazon manufactures the discs, cover art, and disc art. , Seasons 1–9 were available. , the Amazon.com releases have been discontinued.

In Australia, Beyond Home Entertainment has released all 9 seasons on DVD.

In May 2017, Nickelodeon and Paramount Home Entertainment released Seasons 1 and 2 on DVD. In February 2018, Nickelodeon and Paramount Home Media Distribution released Seasons 3 and 4 on DVD.

These movies are direct-to-DVD movies that are part of the "Rugrats" series.


American Express

The American Express Company, (sometimes known as AmEx as variants) is a financial company which today is best known for its credit card business. Sometimes called Amex cards, these credit cards make up nearly a quarter of all credit card transactions in the USA.

Since 1958, the company's mascot has been a Roman centurion.

When the American Express Company was founded in 1850 it was an “express business”. This meant that it was a private company whose business was to carry money, packages or valuable things from one place to another. The US Postal Service had only recently begun. They delivered letters, but not large parcels. This is why some people started small “express businesses”. An express messenger would carry money in a money bag. He would travel by train or stagecoach. The trains were very slow and often came off the rails. The stagecoaches travelled on terrible roads which were much too bumpy for the horses to trot. It was a time when many people were going to California and other areas in the west of the US. There was a lot of demand for money to be transferred from one part of the country to another. This is why the American Express company was started.
Two very important people in the express business at the time were Henry Wells and William G. Fargo. They had formed a partnership in 1844. When the American Express was formed its headquarters were in a building in Manhattan, New York. Three other companies merged to form the new company. They soon bought several other buildings nearby to use as stables for their horses. For many years it was the most successful company transporting goods, securities, money etc. (these were called “express shipments”). In 1874 the American Express moved its headquarters to 65 Broadway in the financial district of Manhattan. It has been there ever since.

Gradually American Express began to focus their attention on banks and other big financial groups because they found the American Express very reliable and paid them good money for their services. The American Express gradually changed to be a financial company. In the late 1890s they started to compete with the banks by issuing money orders. They had big offices in London, Paris, Antwerp, Zurich and Berlin.

By 1890 the company needed a new building, so they pulled down the old building and built a new ten-story building in its place. By 1903, the company had assets of about $28 million. In 1916-17 a new building was constructed. It was made of concrete and steel and was shaped like an H. This building was sold in 1975.

When their director J. C. Fargo travelled to Europe around 1890 he found it very difficult to get cash. He was very annoyed, because he was carrying with him letters of credit, and he felt that, as president of the American Express, it should have been no problem. Fargo went to Marcellus Flemming Berry and asked him to invent a better way getting cash. Berry invented the Traveler's Cheque. The traveler’s cheque was a very safe way of getting cash from a bank when travelling. The American Express Traveller’s Cheque, started in 1891, was to be used worldwide for nearly a century, when credit cards took over. Traveler's cheques made American Express a great international company.

In 1914, when World War I started, many people who happened to be travelling could not get at their money, but American Express offices in Europe were among the few companies to honor the letters of credit so that American tourists could get money to travel back home.

The war made American Express enter the travel business. In 1922 they provided a luxury steamship to take tourists round the world. The traveler’s cheque business made them hugely successful for many years.

The idea of a charge card for travel was discussed as early as 1946 but it was not until 1958 that American Express introduced their first cards. The early ones were paper. In 1959 plastic cards were introduced.

In 1966, American Express introduced the Gold Card and in 1984 the Platinum Card. The Platinum Card had a $250 annual fee (today it is $550). It was only offered to trusted customers. Today customers can apply for it.

In 1987, American Express introduced a credit card, known as the Optima card. Customers did not have to pay in full every month. They could now wait to pay later.

From early 1980s until the early 1990s, American Express offered merchants and restaurants a discount if they accepted only American Express and no other credit or charge cards. However, in 1991, several restaurants in Boston started accepting Visa and MasterCards, even encouraging their customers to use them. These cards had a much lower fee than American Express fees, which at the time charged 4% for each transaction. Some restaurants even stopped accepting American Express cards. This revolt was called the “Boston Fee Party” (a pun on the name “Boston Tea Party”). In the end American Express decided to reduce their charges.

The director of American Express is Stephen Squeri. American Express continues to be one of the world’s biggest financial companies.

Traveler's cheque

A traveler's cheque (also traveller's cheque, travellers cheque, traveller's check or traveler's check) is a preprinted cheque for a fixed amount. The person who buys it must sign it and then sign it again when he "cashes" it. It is a good way for a traveller to take money when going on holiday. If a traveler's cheque is stolen it can be replaced so long as the person still has a receipt to prove that he bought it.

Traveler's cheques were a large part of the business of American Express. Since 2005 the American Express have been issuing "American Express Travelers Cheque Cards". These can be used in stores like a credit card.


Catscratch

Catscratch is an American animated television series. It was broadcast on Nickelodeon and Nicktoons Network from 2005 to 2007.

Nabarlek

The nabarlek ("Petrogale concinna"), also known as the pygmy rock-wallaby or the little Rock-wallaby, is a small marsupial, a type of wallaby from northern Australia. Nabarleks are small kangaroos. They can hop and jump with their powerful legs, and balance on their long tail.

Matthias Grünewald

Mathias Grünewald (c. 1470 in Würzburg, died 31 August 1528) was a German painter and artist. Today he is seen as one of the important German artists of the Renaissance. His real name was "Mathias Gothart" or "Mathias Neidhardt", his first name is also spelled "Mathis". Sometimes he is called Mathias of Aschaffenburg. Today, only ten paintings and 35 drawings survive. At first many of his works were attributed to Albrecht Dürer, even though Dürer's style of paining is completely different. All the surviving works have religious motifs.

American Airlines Center

The American Airlines Center (also known as the AAC) is a multi-purpose arena. It is in the Victory Park neighborhood, near downtown Dallas, Texas. It is currently used by the Dallas Stars, Dallas Mavericks and, Dallas Vigilantes. It is also used for concerts and entertainment.


Torsten Wiesel

Torsten Nils Wiesel (born June 3, 1924) is a Swedish neuroscientist.

He and David Hubel won the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for their discoveries of information processing in the visual system. The prize was shared with Roger Sperry for his independent research on the cerebral hemispheres.

After serving as president of the Rockefeller University, he is now director of the Shelby White and Leon Levy Center for Mind, Brain and Behavior at the same institution. He is also an advisor to several countries and organizations, mainly helping young scientists do research. He is a member of the President's Council of University of the People.

Torsten was married to American editor Jean Stein from 1995 until they divorced in 2007.

Yi Jun-yong

Yi Jun-yong (or Lee Junyong, , hanja: , June 25 1870 March 22, 1918) was a Korean politician. He was a member of the Joseon Dynasty royal family. He was the grandson of Heungseon Daewangun, and elder nephew of Emperor Gojong of the Korean empire. He was rival of his uncle Kojong 1874 to 1907. His title was 'Prince Yeongseon' ().


Keine Sorgen Arena

The Keine Sorgen Arena ("No Worries Arena") is a football stadium in Ried, Austria. It is the homeground of SV Ried. The stadium is named after a slogan used by one sponsor of SV Ried, an upper Austrian insurance company. Since 2018 it is called Josko-Arena. Josko is another sponsor of SV Ried.

The stadium replaced the former stadium of SV Ried which had only 1 100 places and was a multipurpose stadium with a running track. The new stadium is only used for football and has 7 700 seats of whom 120 are a VIP-area. The weststand and the awaystand offer only standingroom.

Barbara McClintock

Barbara McClintock (June 16, 1902 – September 2, 1992) was an American biologist. She was a distinguished cytogeneticist who worked on inheritance in maize. McClintock was awarded the 1983 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

McClintock got her PhD in botany from Cornell University in 1927. Maize cytogenetics was the focus of her research for the rest of her career.

From the late 1920s, McClintock studied chromosomes and how they change during reproduction in maize. She used microscopic analysis to show genetic recombination by crossing-over during meiosis—a mechanism by which chromosomes exchange information.

She produced the first genetic map for maize, and demonstrated the role of the telomere and centromere. These are regions of the chromosome that are important in preserving genetic information.

She was recognized amongst the best in the field, awarded prestigious fellowships, and elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1944.

During the 1940s and 1950s, McClintock discovered transposition and used it to show how genes are responsible for turning physical characteristics on or off. She developed theories to explain the control of genetic information from one generation of maize plants to the next. Encountering skepticism of her research and its implications, she stopped publishing her data in 1953. Later, she made an extensive study of the cytogenetics of maize races from South America.

McClintock's research became well understood in the 1960s and 1970s, as researchers discovered the mechanisms behind the genetic change and gene regulation that she had shown in her maize research in the 1940s and 1950s.

Awards and recognition for her contributions to the field followed for the discovery of transposons; she is the only woman to receive an unshared Nobel Prize in the category 'Physiology or Medicine'.

In the summer of 1944 at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, McClintock began systematic studies on the inheritance of colour patterns of maize seeds. In early 1948, she made the surprising discovery that two genetic loci, "Dissociator" and "Activator" could transpose, or change position, on the chromosomes.

McClintock also found that the transposition of "Ds" and the is determined by the number of "Ac" copies in the cell.

Between 1948 and 1950, she developed a theory: these mobile elements regulated genes by inhibiting or modulating their action. She referred to "Dissociator" and "Activator" as "controlling units"—later, as "controlling elements"—to distinguish them from genes.

She suggested that gene regulation could explain how complex multicellular organisms made of cells with identical genomes have cells of different function. McClintock's discovery challenged the concept of the genome as a static set of instructions passed between generations.

In 1950, she reported her work on "Ac/Ds" and her ideas about gene regulation in a paper. In summer 1951, when she reported on her work on gene mutability in maize at the annual symposium at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory.

Her work on controlling elements and gene regulation was difficult and was not immediately understood or accepted by her contemporaries; she described the reception of her research as "puzzlement, even hostility". Nevertheless, McClintock continued to develop her ideas on controlling elements. She published a paper in 1953 where she presented all her statistical data, and undertook lecture tours to universities throughout the 1950s to speak about her work. She continued to investigate the problem and identified a new element that she called "Suppressor-mutator" ("Spm"), which, although similar to "Ac/Ds", displays more complex behavior. 


Orlen

Orlen S.A. (formerly "Polski Koncern Naftowy Orlen S.A"., "PKN Orlen") is a Polish oil and gas company. It has a lot of petrol stations in Poland, Germany, Czech Republic, Lithuania and Slovakia. It is the biggest company in Poland and one of the biggest oil and gas companies in Europe.

Orlen was founded in People's Repubic of Poland. In 1999 it was privatized.


Richard Roberts

Sir Richard John Roberts FRS (born 6 September 1943, Derby) is a British biochemist and molecular biologist.

He was awarded the 1993 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Phillip Sharp for "the discovery that genes in eukaryotes are not contiguous strings but contain introns, and that the splicing of messenger RNA to delete those introns can occur in different ways, yielding different proteins from the same DNA sequence".

Roberts has worked at Harvard University, Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and New England Biolab. He was knighted in the 2008 Birthday Honours.

It used to be thought that each gene on DNA coded for a single protein in a continuous strip. Roberts and Sharp independently found out that the genes in adenovirus (which causes the common cold), were split into segments that were combined later in RNA processing.

In 1997 Roberts proved that in the adenovirus coding DNA is separated by stretches of DNA which are non-coding. The coding sections are exons, and the non-coding sections are introns.

Furthermore, it turned out that this structure occurs in all higher organisms. The discovery that a gene in could be present in the genetic material as several distinct and separate segments was revolutionary.

The second part of Robert's work was in gene-splitting and gene splicing. This means to cut pieces out of, and add pieces to, a coding sequence. This creates a protein which works differently from the original version. This is now used in genetic engineering.
This kind of structure may allow more flexible responses to environmental change, and so speed up evolution. The structure may also be responsible for a number of inherited genetic defects.

Here's a key part of the Nobel presentation speech by Professor Bertil Daneholt of the Nobel Assembly of the Karolinska Institute:

Asseco

Asseco Poland S.A. is a Polish company in the technology sector, the biggest in Warsaw Stock Exchange.

Its headquarters are in Rzeszów, Poland.

It was founded in 1991.

The company works in Poland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Austria, Lithuania, Germany, Romania, Hungary, Spain, United States, Israel, Japan, Turkey and the Balkans.

Etta Baker

Etta Baker (March 31, 1913 – September 23, 2006) was an American blues guitarist and singer from North Carolina, United States. She played in the Piedmont blues style.

Baker was born Etta Lucille Reid in Caldwell County, North Carolina of African American, Native American, and European American origin. Since the age of three she played 6- and 12-string guitar and Banjo. She was thought by her father, who was also a Piedmont blues musician. She did her first recording in 1956, when folk singer Paul Clayton was asked by her father to listen to his daughter. She played "One Dime Blues" and Clayton was very impressed. Next day he did some recordings with his taperecorder in Etta Bakers home.

Over the years she played with different musicians like Bob Dylan, Taj Mahal, and Kenny Wayne Shepherd. Etta Baker had nine children, one of them died in the Vietnam War. She died at the age of 93 in Fairfax, Virginia, while visiting a daughter who had suffered a stroke.


Susumu Tonegawa

Susumu Tonegawa (born 6 September 1939) is a Japanese scientist who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1987.

He discovered the genetic mechanism that produces antibody diversity. Although he won the Nobel Prize for his work in immunology, Tonegawa is a molecular biologist by training. In his later years, he has turned his attention to the molecular and cellular basis of memory.

Tonegawa is best known for elucidating the genetic mechanism in the adaptive immune system. If each antibody was coded by one gene, it would take millions of genes to protect against antigens.

Instead, as Tonegawa showed in a landmark series of experiments beginning in 1976, genetic material can rearrange itself to form the vast array of available antibodies. The main mechanism is called RNA splicing.

Antibodies have a 'variable region' in their structure. Tonegawa compared the DNA of B cells (a type of white blood cell) in embryonic and adult mice. He found that genes in the mature B cells of the adult mice are moved around, recombined, and deleted to make the many versions of the variable region of antibodies.

The critical work was started in Basle, Switzerland, and later at MIT. "Our work resolved the long held debate on the genetic origin of antibody diversity. It turned out that this diversity is generated by somatic recombination of the inherited gene segments and by somatic mutation".


Edexcel

Edexcel is a UK examination board. It is one of England, Wales and Northern Ireland's five main examination boards. Edexcel is owned by the private-sector Pearson PLC. The company offers many qualifications including A levels and GCSEs. Edexcel's name is from the words "education" and "excellence".

Chamber pot

A chamber pot (also a chamberpot), a piss pot, a potty, a po, a gazunder, or a thunder pot) is a container with a handle, usually used as a urinal at night. It is kept in a bedroom under a bed or in a nightstand.

During Victorian times, some chamber pots were built into a cabinet with a closeable cover. 

The chamber pot was originally designed for females. Called the "Bourdaloue", it allowed women to urinate squatting or sitting without accidents. It was supposedly named after the French Catholic priest Louis Bourdaloue, whose sermon were so long that women brought "Bourdaloue" so they could urinate without having to leave.

In the 19th century, water closets started to be more common than chamber pots, but chamber pots were still used until the mid-20th century. Today, they are used in countries that have no indoor plumbing.

In North America and the UK, "potty" refer to the toilets made especially for potty training. These toilets are similar to chamber pots.

In the Philippines, chamber pots are used as urinals and are commonly called "Arinola" in Philippine languages like Tagalog and Cebuano.

In Korea, chamber pots are referred to as yogang (요강). Currently, they are still used in some country regions in the North.

SimCity 2000

SimCity 2000 is a city building computer game released in 1994. It is the sequel to "SimCity". It had a lot of new things such as more power plants, hills and mountains, subways, water pipes, prisons, schools, libraries, museums, and hospitals. There were also roads, highways, and other buildings.

The game also had different scenarios.

Jonathan Dickinson State Park

Jonathan Dickinson State Park is a Florida State Park and historic site in Martin County, Florida, between Hobe Sound and Tequesta. The park has many kinds of areas, such as sand pine scrub, pine flatwoods, mangroves, and river swamps. The Loxahatchee River, which was named a National Wild and Scenic River in 1985 (the first in Florida), runs through the park. The address is 16450 S.E. Federal Highway, Hobe Sound.

The park is named after Jonathan Dickinson, a Quaker merchant who was shipwrecked in 1696, with his family and others, on the Florida coast near the present-day park. He wrote a journal about their encounters with local tribes, and their journey up the coast to St. Augustine.

A man known as Trapper Nelson lived on the banks of the Loxahatchee River after coming to the area in the 1930s, living off the land trapping and selling furs. He soon became known as the "Wildman of the Loxahatchee". After he died in 1968 the state got his land, and gave it to the park. 

The United States Army established Camp Murphy, a top-secret radar training school, in the area that is now the park, in 1942. The camp included over 1,000 buildings, and housed more than 6,000 officers and soldiers. The camp stopped being used in 1944, after only two years. Most of the camp buildings were torn down, but some of the building foundations remain. The property was given to the State of Florida in 1947, and opened as a state park in 1950.

The park has such activities as bicycling, boat tours, boating, cabins, canoeing, fishing, hiking, horse trails, kayaking, picnicking areas, swimming, wildlife viewing and full camping facilities. It also has the Elsa Kimbell Environmental Education and Research Center, with exhibits about the park's natural and cultural history. The park operates a 44-passenger boat for tours of Trapper Nelson's homestead.


Phillip Sharp

Phillip Allen Sharp (born June 6, 1944) is an American geneticist and molecular biologist.

He co-discovered gene splicing, and shared the 1993 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Richard Roberts for "the discovery that genes in eukaryotes are not contiguous strings but contain introns, and that the splicing of pre-messenger RNA to delete those introns can occur in different ways, yielding different proteins from the same DNA sequence".

Sharp was born in Falmouth, Kentucky. He completed his PhD in chemistry at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1969. After completing his PhD he worked at the California Institute of Technology until 1971, where he studied plasmids and, later, gene expression in human cells at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory under James Watson.

In 1974 he was offered a position at MIT by biologist Salvador Luria. He was director of MIT's Center for Cancer Research (now the Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research) from 1985 to 1991; head of the Biology department from 1991 to 1999; and director of the McGovern Institute for Brain Research from 2000 to 2004.

It used to be thought that each gene on DNA coded for a single protein in a continuous strip. In 1997 Sharp and Roberts independently found out that genes were split into segments that were combined later in RNA processing. 

Sharp and Roberts proved that the coding DNA is separated by stretches of DNA which are non-coding. The coding sections are exons, and the non-coding sections are introns. 

Furthermore, it turned out that this structure occurs in all higher organisms. The discovery that a gene in could be present in the genetic material as several distinct and separate segments was revolutionary.

The second part of Sharp's work was in gene-splitting and gene splicing. This means to cut pieces out of, and add pieces to, a coding sequence. This creates a protein which works differently from the original version.

This kind of structure may allow more flexible responses to environmental change, and so speed up evolution. The structure may also be responsible for a number of inherited genetic defects.

Here's a key part of the Nobel presentation speech by Professor Bertil Daneholt of the Nobel Assembly of the Karolinska Institute:

Anti-Comintern Pact

The Anti-Comintern Pact was a pact between Nazi Germany and the Empire of Japan, which would later joined by more countries, in Berlin, Germany, on November 25, 1936. It was set up directly against the Comintern, or Communist International, an organization that was led by the Soviet Union. On November 6, 1937, Fascist Italy joined the pact, which was the beginning of the Axis Powers.

Reichstag fire

The Reichstag fire () was an arson (setting fire) on the Reichstag building, the meeting place of the German Parliament, in Berlin on 27 February 1933. It was an important event in the creation of Nazi Germany.

A Berlin fire station was called, and by the time the police and firefighters had arrived, most of the building was covered in flames. Inside the building, Marinus van der Lubbe was found. He was a Dutch communist. The Nazis said it proved that communists were beginning a plot against the German government. Van der Lubbe and four Communist leaders were arrested shortly after that. Adolf Hitler, who had become Chancellor of Germany four weeks before, urged President Paul von Hindenburg to pass an emergency law to fight back "the confrontation of the Communist Party of Germany". 

As a result, Enabling Act of 1933 was passed. The Reichstag Fire Decree was issued by German President von Hindenburg on the advice of Chancellor Adolf Hitler on 28 February 1933 in response to the Reichstag fire. "The decree suspended most civil liberties in Germany". Many Communists were arrested, including all the Communist Party members of Parliament. This made the Nazis the majority of the Parliament, and made Hitler's the dictator in effect. The following elections gave Hitler more power. 

More investigation continued. In early March 1933, three men were brought to the court. All of them were senior Bulgarian Comintern agents. One Communist was found guilty and executed; the others were acquitted and went to the Soviet Union. 

Historians still do not know who planned the fire or who did it. It is still an ongoing topic of research.

Operation Sea Lion

Operation Sea Lion () was the plan to invade the United Kingdom by Nazi Germany during World War II. However, Germany first had to control the sky and sea of the English Channel before a land invasion.

With the German Navy weakened during the German invasion of Norway and the Luftwaffe defeated at the Battle of Britain,the invasion was put off on 17 September 1940 and so never happened.

Some historians think Germany could have invaded Great Britain with exploitation of friendly countries and unity within the German military. Most historians however believe that the German plans would have had little chance of success.

Max Perutz

Max Ferdinand Perutz FRS OM CBE (19 May 1914 – 6 February 2002) was an Austrian-born British molecular biologist.

He shared the 1962 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with John Kendrew, for their studies of the structures of haemoglobin and globular proteins. The method used was mainly X-ray crystallography.

He went on to win the Royal Medal of the Royal Society in 1971 and the Copley Medal in 1979. At Cambridge he founded and chaired (1962–79) The Medical Research Council Laboratory of Molecular Biology, fourteen of whose scientists have won Nobel Prizes. Perutz's contributions to molecular biology in Cambridge are documented in "The History of the University of Cambridge: Volume 4 (1870 to 1990)" published by the Cambridge University Press in 1992.

Perutz was born in Vienna, Austria. His family was Jewish. He had worked in Cambridge (Peterhouse College) since 1936, and moved to Britain permanently after the Anschluss, the Nazi takeover of Austria. He did his war work in Canada, and returned to Cambridge after the war. Max did some of his most important work after winning the Nobel award, and is still held in the highest esteem.


Battle of Moscow

The Battle of Moscow (, ) is a name given by Soviet historians to two periods of fighting on a 600 km area of the Eastern Front during World War II. It took place between October 1941 and January 1942. The Soviet defenses stopped the German attack on Moscow, the Soviet capital, which was one of the Axis's primary military and political objectives in the invasion of the Soviet Union.

The German strategic offensive named Operation Typhoon was planned to attack Moscow from the north and south. The Soviets reacted by sending in more reserve from the Far East. Shortly, German attacks were stopped, and the Soviets began counter-attack and forced to push the Axis back.

Second Battle of El Alamein

The Second Battle of El Alamein was a great turning point in the Western Desert Campaign of the Second World War. The battle lasted from 23 October to 5 November 1942. The First Battle of El Alamein had stopped the Axis from attacking deep into Egypt further. Thereafter, Lieutenant-General Bernard Montgomery took command of the British Eighth Army in August 1942. In the second battle he took the offensive, with great success.
The Allied victory turned the tide in the North African Campaign. It ended Axis's hopes of occupying Egypt, taking control of the Suez Canal, and reaching the Middle Eastern oil fields.

The battle forced Erwin Rommel and his Afrika Corps to retreat back to the former French fortifications in the Mareth Line in the border between Tunisia and Libya.

John Kendrew

Sir John Cowdery Kendrew CBE FRS (24 March 1917– 23 August 1997) was an English biochemist and crystallographer.

He shared the 1962 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Max Perutz. Their group in the Cavendish Laboratory was the first to determine the structure of proteins, using X-ray crystallography. He was also a Fellow (teacher) at Peterhouse College in Cambridge.

In what became the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology, Kendrew determined the structure of the protein myoglobin, which stores oxygen in muscle cells.

He spent the early months of World War II doing research on radar. In 1940 he became engaged in operational research at the Royal Air Force headquarters, holding the honorary rank of Wing Commander R.A.F.


Chelsea Kane

Chelsea Kane Staub (born September 15, 1988) is an American actress and singer professionally known as Chelsea Kane since December 2010. She is best known for her role as Stella Malone in the Disney Channel sitcom "Jonas L.A.". She also appeared in the Disney Channel Original Movies, "Minutemen" and "Starstruck". She also co-stars in the Disney Channel animated series, "Fish Hooks".

Kane grew up in Phoenix, Arizona, where she attended Mohave Middle School. She is an alumna of Valley Youth Theatre.

In 2007, she played her first starring role as well as her first theatrical role, in the theatrical motion picture "", as "Meredith Baxter Dimly", the film's primary antagonist. She performs two of the songs on the film's soundtrack.

In 2008, she acted in one of the Disney Channel Original Movies "Minutemen" as "Stephanie Jameson", which aired on Disney Channel in January 2008. She will be in the Jonas Brothers' brand new Disney Channel series "JONAS" as "Stella Malone", the boys' stylist and childhood best friend. She also has a song written about her performed by The Summer Set.


Common marmoset

The common marmoset ("Callithrix jacchus") is a very small New World monkey that lives in Brazil. Marmosets can found in many forest habitats. Common marmosets eat gum, sap, latex, and resin from trees the most out of all the members of the "Callithrix" family. 

A common group of marmosets is made up of 15 members, but usually has nine members. Common marmosets have a complex mating system. In a group of marmosets, there will usually be one or two females that will have babies and one male to be the father. The females are usually closely related, while the male is distantly related. If the male dies, the group will break up and form new groups. When marmosets get older, they leave the group they were raised with. It is not known why.

To show fear or submission, marmosets flatten their ear-tufts close to their heads. Marmoset alarm calls tend to be brief and high-pitched. Marmosets monitor and find group members with calls called "trills".

Intron

An intron is a non-coding sequence in a gene.

It is any nucleotide sequence within a gene that is removed by RNA splicing to get the final RNA product of a gene. The term "intron" refers to both the DNA sequence within a gene, and the corresponding sequence in RNA transcripts. 

Sequences of coding DNA which are joined together in the final RNA after RNA splicing are exons. They code for amino acids in the final polypeptide.

Introns are in the genes of most organisms and many viruses. They can be in a wide range of genes, including those that generate proteins, ribosomal RNA (rRNA), and transfer RNA (tRNA). RNA splicing takes place after transcription and before translation.


The discovery of introns led to the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1993 for Phillip Sharp and Richard Roberts. The term "intron" was introduced by American biochemist Walter Gilbert.

There are many unanswered questions about introns. It is unclear whether introns serve some specific function, or whether they are selfish DNA which reproduces itself as a parasite.

Recent studies of entire eukaryotic genomes have now shown that the lengths and density (introns/gene) of introns varies considerably between related species. There are four or five different kinds of intron. Some introns represent mobile genetic elements (transposons).

Alternative splicing of introns within a gene allows a variety of protein isoforms from a single gene. Thus multiple related proteins can be generated from a single gene and a single precursor mRNA transcript. The control of alternative RNA splicing is performed by complex network of signalling molecules. In humans, ~95% of genes with more than one exon are alternatively spliced.

Lake Clarke Shores, Florida

Lake Clarke Shores is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The population was 3,564 at the 2020 census.

Lake Clarke Shores is next to the cities of West Palm Beach and Lake Worth Beach. The Village of Palm Springs is west of the town. The town is roughly bounded by Interstate 95 to the east, Florida Mango Road to the west, Summit Boulevard to the north, except for the Lake Patrick neighborhood, and 10th Avenue North to the south, except for the Waterside neighborhood. 

Lake Clarke Shores is located at (26.645644, -80.075379). According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of . of it is land and of it (10.8%) is water.

As of the census of 2020, there were 3,564 people living in the town. The people made up 1,414 households. The population density was 3,860 people per square mile (1,490/km²). There were 1,478 housing units at an average density of 1,600 per square mile (618/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 67.1% White (60.0% were Non-Hispanic White), 3.2% African American, 0.1% Native American, 1.7% Asian, 0.2% Pacific Islander, 6.6% from other races, and 21.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 32.7% of the population.

There were 1,414 households out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were married couples living together, 7.6% were unmarried couples living together, 24.3% had a female householder with no husband or partner, and 12.4% had a male householder with no wife or partner. 20.4% of all households were made up of people living alone and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. 

In the town the population was spread out with 19.0% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 30.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46.1 years. For every 100 females there were 93.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.

In 2021, the median income for a household in the town was about $133,997, and the median income for a family was about $142,708. The per capita income for the town was $53,160. About 3.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 1.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

As of 2000, speakers of English as a first language accounted for 84.76% of all residents, while Spanish was the mother tongue of 15.23% of the population.

As of 2000, Lake Clarke Shores had the forty-first highest percentage of Cuban residents in the US, with 10.08% of the town's population.


List of busiest Amtrak stations

This article lists the 25 busiest Amtrak stations in the United States.

Sacramento (disambiguation)

Sacramento may refer to:


New Haven (disambiguation)

New Haven may refer to:


Harrisburg

Harrisburg may refer to:


Flagler County, Florida

Flagler County, in Florida, United States, was created in 1917. It was named for Henry Morrison Flagler, a famous railroad builder who built the Florida East Coast Railway. At the 2020 census, 115,378 people lived in the county.

In 1998, when two brush fires threatened to become one huge brush fire in Flagler County, a mandatory evacuation was ordered for the entire county. This was the first and so far the only time a whole county was evacuated in Florida. Flagler is also a sports town. Three Flagler baseball teams have made it to the State Tournament in the last 2 years.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 84.97%) is land and (or 15.03%) is water.




As of the census of 2000, there were 49,832 people, 21,294 households, and 15,672 families living in the county. The population density was 103 people per square mile (40/km²). There were 24,452 housing units at an average density of 50 per square mile (19/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 87.27% White, 8.83% Black or African American, 0.27% Native American, 1.17% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.96% from other races, and 1.47% from two or more races. 5.09% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 90.1% spoke English, 5.0% Spanish and 1.2% German as their first language.

1.8% of the population identified themselves as being of non-Hispanic West Indian Ancestry.

In 2000 there were 21,294 households out of which 21.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.80% were married couples living together, 8.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.40% were not related. 21.60% of all households were made up of people living alone and 12.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the county the population was spread out with 17.90% under the age of 18, 4.80% from 18 to 24, 20.30% from 25 to 44, 28.30% from 45 to 64, and 28.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females there were 92.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.90 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $40,214, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $31,184 versus $24,865 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,879. About 6.70% of families and 8.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.70% of those under age 18 and 4.40% of those age 65 or over.

Flagler county was ranked the fastest-growing county in the nation by the US Census Bureau from 2000 to 2005, with a 53.3% change, with a July 1, 2005 population estimate at 76,410.




Because the demographics of the county are changing quickly, Flagler County is often an unpredictable county in presidential and other elections, although the general trend has been towards the Republican party in recent years.

Flagler County Public Schools enroll about 13,000 students. It includes two public high schools: Flagler Palm Coast and Matanzas High School. The county also has 5 elementary schools and 2 middle schools.

Flagler county schools are:





Davis

Davis may refer to:


David McAllister

David James "Mac" McAllister (born 12 January 1971) is a German politician of the conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU). On 1 July 2010 he was elected Minister-President of the state of Lower Saxony, succeeding Christian Wulff, who resigned following his election as President of Germany. Until 2013, McAllister headed a coalition government with the liberal FDP, the Cabinet McAllister. In 2013, he was succeeded by Social Democrat Stephan Weil. Since 2014 he has been a Member of the European Parliament.

A lawyer by profession, he has been the chairman of the CDU parliamentary group in the Landtag of Lower Saxony from 2003 to 2010 and was elected chairman of the state party from 2008 until 2016. From 2010 until 2013, he was also a member of the supervisory board of Volkswagen.

McAllister is of German and Scottish descent, and he leads a state that has historic ties to Britain, as the old Kingdom of Hanover makes up parts of the state and the state capital is Hanover City.

McAllister was born in West Berlin on 12 January 1971 to a Scottish father and a German mother. His father, James Buchanan McAllister, was a British civil servant, originally from Glasgow (where the family still has relatives). He had been stationed in West Berlin since 1969, attached to the Royal Corps of Signals. His mother, Mechthild McAllister, is a music teacher. David McAllister was raised bilingual (speaking English and German) and attended a British primary school in Berlin.

After his parents moved to the small town of Bad Bederkesa in Lower Saxony in 1982, he went to the Lower Saxon "Internatsgymnasium" (boarding school) in Bederkesa, where he took his Abitur in 1989. From 1989 till 1991, McAllister served as a soldier in the Bundeswehr, in Panzerbataillon 74 in Cuxhaven. From 1991–96 he studied law with a scholarship of the Konrad Adenauer Foundation at the University of Hanover. In 1994, McAllister became local chairman of the Junge Union, the CDU youth organisation, in the Cuxhaven district.

David McAllister is both a German and a British citizen, but says that he is "more or less completely German. I've lived in Germany all my life. I did all my school in Germany and my military service in Germany." His upbringing in West Berlin, however, he describes as "very British" with "British network, British schools". Holding dual citizenship, he could have relinquished his German citizenship to avoid compulsory military service in Germany (the UK does not have compulsory military service), but opted to serve instead.

McAllister has said that ""my upbringing in West Berlin may have had an impact on my resentment towards communists. I became a member of the CDU when I was 17 – it was a birthday present. My parents said, 'What do you want for your birthday?’ I said I wanted to become a member of the CDU"", explaining that his father was a Conservative, although none of his parents were involved in party politics.

From 1996 till 2010, McAllister was a member of the Cuxhaven district council (Kreistag). He served as mayor of his hometown of Bad Bederkesa from 2001 to 2002. From 2002 to 2003, he also was secretary general of the CDU in Lower Saxony. Since 2003, McAllister has been the leader of the CDU parliamentary party group in the Parliament of Lower Saxony, of which he has been a member since 1998. McAllister succeeded Christian Wulff as party chairman of the CDU in Lower Saxony in June 2008, winning the election by a record margin. In 2016, he was succeeded by Bernd Althusmann. In the United Kingdom, McAllister is a supporter of the Conservative Party.
In 2005, Chancellor Angela Merkel offered him the position of Secretary General of the CDU, but McAllister declined, arguing he did not want to rise too far too fast.

On 4 June 2010, he was chosen by his party to follow Christian Wulff as Minister-President of Lower Saxony, if the latter was to be elected President of Germany on 30 June. After the election of Wulff as President, David McAllister was elected the new Minister-President of Lower Saxony the following day. In 2013, he lost the re-election to Stephan Weil, of the Social Democrats. He was subsequently also appointed to the supervisory board of Volkswagen, the largest company of Lower Saxony and of which the state of Lower Saxony is a major stockholder.

He is married to Dunja McAllister, who is also a lawyer. They have two daughters, Jamie Elizabeth and Mia Louise. He lives in Bad Bederkesa in the district of Cuxhaven.

Proud of his Scottish heritage, McAllister proposed to his wife at Loch Ness, and married in August 2003, wearing a kilt. He later explained it was a family tradition.


Dixie County, Florida

Dixie County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. As of 2020, 16,759 people lived there. Its county seat is Cross City, Florida.

Dixie County was created in 1921 from the southern portion of Lafayette County. "Dixie" is a common nickname for the Southern United States.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 81.51%) is land and (or 18.49%) is water.



As of the census of 2008, there were 14,957 people living in Dixie County. In 2000 there were an estimated 5,205 households, and 3,659 families living in the county. The population density was 20 people per square mile (8/km²). There were 7,362 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 88.80% White, 8.98% Black or African American, 0.46% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.45% from other races, and 1.03% from two or more races. 1.80% of the people were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 5,205 households out of which 27.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.90% were married couples living together, 10.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.70% were non-families. 23.90% of all households were made up of people living alone and 11.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the county the people were spread out with 22.10% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 26.60% from 25 to 44, 26.20% from 45 to 64, and 17.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 113.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.20 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $26,082, and the median income for a family was $31,157. Males had a median income of $26,694 versus $17,863 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,559. About 14.50% of families and 19.10% of the people were below the poverty line, including 23.90% of those under age 18 and 16.10% of those age 65 or over.



In Presidential elections, Dixie County tends to vote Republican, although both Democrat Bill Clinton and Reform Party candidate Ross Perot did very well in 1992 and 1996. During the 21st century, the county has become increasingly Republican.






North Las Vegas, Nevada

North Las Vegas is a suburban city in Clark County, Nevada, United States, in the Las Vegas Valley. As of the 2020 census, 262,527 people lived here. The city was founded on May 1, 1946. It is the fourth-largest city by population in the state.

Gadsden County, Florida

Gadsden County is a county in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Florida. As of the 2020 census, 43,826 people lived there. Its county seat is Quincy, Florida. Gadsden County is the only majority African American county in Florida. Gadsden county is home to two high schools - West Gadsden High School (a combination of former Chattahoochee High and Greensboro High) on the western edge of Quincy near Greensboro, and East Gadsden High School (a combination of former James A. Shanks High and Havana Northside High) located on Highway 90 East of Quincy.

The county is part of the Tallahassee, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Gadsden County was created in 1823. It was named for James Gadsden of South Carolina. He was Andrew Jackson's aide-de-camp in Florida in 1818.

There were once only two high schools that blacks in Gadsden County could attend: Carter-Parramore (which is now a middle school) and Stevens High Schools.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 97.66%) is land and (or 2.34%) is water.

Gadsden County is part of the Tallahassee Metropolitan Statistical Area. Gadsden County is in the Eastern Time Zone. Its western border with Jackson County forms the boundary in this area between the Eastern and Central Time Zones.


Gadsden County is known for being a stronghold of the Democratic Party in north Florida, along with Leon County and Jefferson County to its east, and Alachua County to its southeast. 

Gadsden County is the state's only county with an African American majority population. As of the census of 2000, there were 45,087 people, 15,867 households, and 11,424 families living in the county. The population density was 87 people per square mile (34/km²). There were 17,703 housing units at an average density of 34 per square mile (13/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 57.14% Black or African American, 38.70% White, 0.23% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 2.76% from other races, and 0.89% from two or more races. 6.17% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 15,867 households out of which 32.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.50% were married couples living together, 22.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.00% were non-families. 23.90% of all households were made up of people living alone and 9.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the county the population was spread out with 26.40% under the age of 18, 9.50% from 18 to 24, 28.90% from 25 to 44, 23.00% from 45 to 64, and 12.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 90.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.50 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $31,248, and the median income for a family was $36,238. Males had a median income of $27,159 versus $21,721 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,499. About 16.40% of families and 19.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.50% of those under age 18 and 16.90% of those age 65 or over.







Gulf County, Florida

Gulf County is a county in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Florida. As of 2020, 14,192 people lived there. Its county seat is Port St. Joe, Florida.

Gulf County, created in 1925, was named for the Gulf of Mexico. Wewahitchka was its first county seat and the 1927 Gulf County Courthouse is still there. In 1965, the county seat was moved to Port Saint Joe, which under its original name Saint Joseph, had been the site of Florida's first Constitutional Convention in 1838.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 74.48%) is land and (or 25.52%) is water.

Gulf County is one of a few counties in the United States to be in two time zones, Eastern and Central in this case. Other examples include Idaho County, Idaho, and Malheur County, Oregon, having parts in both Mountain and Pacific Time Zones as well as Cherry County, Nebraska which is in both the Mountain and Central Time Zones. 



As of the census of 2000, there were 13,332 people, 4,931 households, and 3,535 families living in the county. The population density was 24 people per square mile (9/km²). There were 7,587 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (5/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 79.89% White, 16.94% Black or African American, 0.65% Native American, 0.40% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.53% from other races, and 1.55% from two or more races. 2.03% of the people were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 4,931 households out of which 28.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.50% were married couples living together, 11.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.30% were not related. 25.50% of all households were made up of people living alone and 11.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the county the people was spread out with 21.70% under the age of 18, 6.80% from 18 to 24, 29.40% from 25 to 44, 26.00% from 45 to 64, and 16.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 114.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.70 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $30,276, and the median income for a family was $36,289. Males had a median income of $27,539 versus $20,780 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,449. About 13.70% of families and 16.70% of the people were below the poverty line, including 20.80% of those under age 18 and 14.10% of those age 65 or over.


Gulf County is heavily Republican. As of 2023, the county is represented by Republican Neal Dunn in the US House of Representatives.






Spliceosome

A spliceosome is a complex of special RNA and protein subunits. Spliceosomes are amazingly complex molecular machines. They remove introns from a transcribed pre-mRNA segment. This process is generally referred to as splicing.

Each spliceosome is composed of five small nuclear RNAs, (snRNA)s, and more than 50 proteins.

Hamilton County, Florida

Hamilton County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. As of 2020, 14,004 people lived there. Its county seat is Jasper, Florida.

Hamilton County was created in 1827 from portions of Jefferson County. It was named for Alexander Hamilton, first United States Secretary of the Treasury.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.14%) is land and (or 0.86%) is water.

The Suwannee River forms the borders it shares with all of the neighboring Florida counties - Suwannee County, Columbia County, and Madison County.


As of the census of 2000, there were 13,327 people, 4,161 households, and 2,995 families living in the county. The population density was 26 people per square mile (10/km²). There were 4,966 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 58.79% White, 37.72% Black or African American, 0.42% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.69% from other races, and 1.17% from two or more races. 6.36% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 4,161 households out of which 32.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.30% were married couples living together, 16.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.00% were not related. 24.10% of all households were made up of people living alone and 9.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the county the population was spread out with 23.50% under the age of 18, 10.80% from 18 to 24, 31.80% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 11.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 135.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 145.40 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $25,638, and the median income for a family was $30,677. Males had a median income of $26,999 versus $20,552 for females. The per capita income for the county was $10,562. About 21.70% of families and 26.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 35.70% of those under age 18 and 16.10% of those age 65 or over.


Hamilton County has become increasingly Republican in the 21st century.





RNA splicing

RNA splicing is a stage in gene transcription. Messenger RNA (mRNA), which transfers the code from DNA to proteins, is built in two stages. 

In the first stage, each gene is translated into a pre-mRNA. Then the exons in pre-mRNAs are joined by splicing, which is done in the spliceosomes. 

This is needed because the gene is split into code sections called exons and non-coding sections called introns. The exons are brought together by splicing.

So, in molecular biology, splicing is a process where introns are removed and exons are joined. This makes the final mRNA. This messenger RNA is then used to produce a correct protein by translation. 

In many cases, the splicing process creates a range of unique proteins by varying the exon composition of the same messenger RNA. This phenomenon is called alternative splicing. Alternative splicing can occur in many ways. Exons can be extended or skipped, or introns can be retained.

Splicing occurs in all the kingdoms or domains of life, however, the extent and types of splicing can be very different between the major divisions. Eukaryotes splice many protein-coding messenger RNAs and some non-coding RNAs. Prokaryotes, on the other hand, splice rarely. Another important difference is that prokaryotes completely lack spliceosomes.

Phillip Sharp and Richard Roberts were awarded the 1993 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their discovery of introns and the splicing process.

In 1977, work by the Sharp and Roberts labs showed that genes of higher organisms are "split" or present in several distinct segments along the DNA molecule. 

The coding regions of the gene are separated by non-coding DNA which is not involved in protein expression. The non-coding regions, the introns, are cut from the precursor mRNAs in a process Sharp called "splicing". The split gene structure was found to be common to most eukaryotic genes.

Holmes County, Florida

Holmes County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. As of 2020, 19,653 people lived there. Its county seat is Bonifay, Florida.

Holmes County was named after an Indian Chief that lived in the area when the land was settled. Holmes County has had three county seats in its history, the first being Cerro Gordo, then Westville, and finally Bonifay. Bonifay has been the county seat since 1905.

Historic places in the county include:

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 98.72%) is land and (or 1.28%) is water.


As of the census of 2000, there were 18,564 people, 6,921 households, and 4,893 families living in the county. The population density was 38 people per square mile (15/km²). There were 7,998 housing units at an average density of 17 per square mile (6/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 89.79% White, 6.51% Black or African American, 1.01% Native American, 0.39% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.79% from other races, and 1.48% from two or more races. 1.93% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 6,921 households out of which 30.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.60% were married couples living together, 10.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.30% were not related. 26.10% of all households were made up of people living alone and 12.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the county the population was spread out with 23.10% under the age of 18, 8.80% from 18 to 24, 29.30% from 25 to 44, 24.00% from 45 to 64, and 14.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 112.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.60 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $27,923, and the median income for a family was $34,286. Males had a median income of $25,982 versus $19,991 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,135. About 15.40% of families and 19.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.70% of those under age 18 and 17.90% of those age 65 or over.

The so-called "Dominickers", a number of related mixed-race (white, black, and Euchee Indian) families, lived for decades after the American Civil War and well into the twentieth century in a rural area near Ponce de Leon, with a separate church and segregated public elementary school. Although considered a separate ethnicity from both whites and blacks, many Dominickers married into local white families, so that group boundaries blurred; some descendants still live in the area. The 1950 federal census identified 60 members of this group living in Holmes County at that time. Few facts are known about their origins, and little has been published about them.


Holmes County has voted for the Republican candidate in every presidential election since 1980. The county is very strongly Republican in the 21st century.





Nassau County, Florida

Nassau County is a county in the state of Florida. As of 2020, 90,352 people lived there. Its county seat is Fernandina Beach, Florida.

Nassau County is part of the Greater Jacksonville Metropolitan area.

Nassau County was created in 1824. It was named for the Duchy of Nassau in Germany.

Nassau County is governed by the five-member Nassau County Board of County Commissioners, who are elected to four-year terms by the voters. The terms are set up so that either three or two commissioners (alternately) are up for election every two years.

The main environmental and agricultural body is the Nassau County Soil and Water Conservation District, which works closely with other area agencies.

Local law enforcement is conducted by the Nassau County Sheriff's Office.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 89.76%) is land and (or 10.24%) is water, much of it in the Atlantic Ocean. Fernandina Beach is located on Amelia Island, the county’s only island with people living on it.




As of the census of 2000, there were 57,663 people, 21,980 households, and 16,528 families living in the county. The population density was 34/km² (88/sq mi). There were 25,917 housing units at an average density of 15/km² (40/sq mi). The racial makeup of the county was 90.02% White, 7.74% Black or African American, 0.43% Native American, 0.46% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.32% from other races, and 1.00% from two or more races. 1.51% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

According to the 2000 Census, the largest European ancestry groups in Nassau County were: English (36.2%), Irish (13.6%) and German (11.7%).

There were 21,980 households out of which 32.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.20% were married couples living together, 9.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.80% were not related. 20.10% of all households were made up of people living alone and 7.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the county the population was spread out with 25.00% under the age of 18, 7.20% from 18 to 24, 28.80% from 25 to 44, 26.30% from 45 to 64, and 12.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 97.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.80 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $46,022, and the median income for a family was $52,477. Males had a median income of $37,027 versus $25,443 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,836. About 6.40% of families and 9.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.90% of those under age 18 and 8.90% of those age 65 or over.

Nassau County is home to nine elementary schools, three middle schools, three high schools, and one middle-senior high school.

The Betty Cook Center, started and run by Florida State College at Jacksonville, offers classes for post-secondary degrees.



There are four newspapers in Nassau County. The largest, the "Fernandina Beach News-Leader", is owned by Community Newspapers Incorporated, a media company headed by Tom Wood and Dink NeSmith. "The Nassau County Record" is also owned by Community Newspapers Incorporated. Both of these are available by subscription or from newsstands. "The Westside Journal", an independent newspaper, is published by Florida Sun Printing, and is available for free through the mail and usually features submitted stories. My Nassau Sun , a community section of "The Florida Times-Union", is also available for free by subscription for delivery cost.









Alternative splicing

Alternative splicing allows DNA to code for more than one protein. It varies the exon make-up of the messenger RNA.

In alternative splicing the exons of the pre-messenger RNA produced by transcription are reconnected in different ways during RNA splicing.

This produces different mature messenger RNAs from the same gene. They get translated into different proteins. Thus, a single gene may code for multiple proteins.

Alternative splicing is normal in eukaryotes. It greatly increases the diversity of proteins that can be encoded by the genome. In humans, ~95% of multiexonic genes are alternatively spliced.

There are various kinds of alternative splicing: the most common is exon skipping. An exon may be included in mRNAs under some conditions or in particular tissues, and omitted from the mRNA in others. There are splicing activators that promote the use of a particular splice site, and splicing repressors that reduce the use of a particular site. New types of alternative splicing are being found.

Abnormal variations in splicing occur in disease. Many human genetic disorders come from splicing variants. Abnormal splicing variants may also contribute to the development of cancer. High-throughput sequencing of RNA can for example be used to measure the genome-scale amount of deviating alternative splicing, such as in a cohort of colorectal cancers, where high amount of aberrant splicing was associated to poor patient survival. Non-working splicing products are usually dealt with by post-transcriptional quality control. That is, they are chopped up by enzymes.

Alternative splicing (the re-combination of different exons) is a major source of genetic diversity in eukaryotes. One particular Drosophila gene (DSCAM) can be alternatively spliced into 38,000 different mRNA.


Gun control

Gun control is the attempt, usually by a government, to restrain or stop people from owning or using guns. Gun control may also regulate the making, moving, and selling of guns. People want gun control because guns are very dangerous. Gun control is very controversial in some countries, such as in the United States. Some countries such as the United States, Switzerland, and Israel allow people to own guns to defend themselves, but most countries do not.

There is a strong "gun lobby" in the United States. It is led by the National Rifle Association of America (NRA), which supports the right to own guns. They want it to be fairly easy to get a gun. Other groups, such as the Brady Campaign, want guns to be hard to get because they believe that guns cause violence, injury and death. Some states have very strict gun laws, but others, such as Arizona, Utah, Idaho and Mississippi, do not.

In the 70's Gun Control gained more national attention. In 1977 Guns Rights Activists changed the NRA's focus from sports to gun rights. They started running ads marketing self defense primarily towards women. In the 80's the NRA ran ads about concealed carry. 

The 2nd Amendment to the United States Constitution Amendment says, "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." This is taken to mean, every American citizen has the right to "keep and bear arms". Originally, it was thought that the federal government could not ban guns, but states and cities could. However, in 2010, the Supreme Court said that states and cities could not ban handguns. Although banning all guns is not allowed anymore, states and cities can still stop the sale and use of certain kinds of guns, such as automatic rifles that fire many bullets very quickly. They can also say that certain people, such as criminals, cannot own guns. 

St. Lucie County, Florida

St. Lucie County is a county in the state of Florida. The county seat is the city of Fort Pierce. As of 2020, 329,226 people lived there.

The current St. Lucie County was created in 1905 from the southern part of Brevard County. Brevard County had been named St. Lucie County from 1844 until 1855 when it was renamed Brevard County. 

In 1925, Indian River County was created out of the northern part of St Lucie County, while northern Martin County was created from a small part of southeastern St. Lucie County and the northern part of Palm Beach County. Much of western St Lucie County had gone in 1917 to form Okeechobee County.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 83.20%) is land and (or 16.80%) is water, much of it in the Atlantic Ocean.

St. Lucie County is part of the Port St. Lucie Metropolitan Statistical Area.



As of the census of 2000, there were 192,695 people, 76,933 households, and 54,237 families living in the county. The population density was 337 people per square mile (130/km²). There were 91,262 housing units at an average density of 159 per square mile (62/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 79.14% White, 15.42% African American, 0.24% Native American, 0.95% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 2.37% from other races, and 1.82% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.16% of the population. 86.6% spoke English, 7.6% Spanish, 1.6% French Creole and 1.0% French as their first language. 3.3% of the population identified themselves as being of non-Hispanic West Indian Ancestry.

In 2005 St. Lucie county had a population that was 69.2% non-Hispanic white, 16.5% African-American, 12.4% Latino and 1.3% Asian.

In 2000 there were 76,933 households out of which 26.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.30% were married couples living together, 11.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.50% were not related. 23.50% of all households were made up of people living alone and 12.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the county the population was spread out with 22.60% under the age of 18, 6.60% from 18 to 24, 25.10% from 25 to 44, 23.00% from 45 to 64, and 22.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 95.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.80 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $36,363, and the median income for a family was $41,381. Males had a median income of $30,047 versus $22,684 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,790. About 9.60% of families and 13.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.50% of those under age 18 and 7.70% of those age 65 or over.



Schools in the county are managed by St. Lucie County Public Schools.








Tommy Ramone

Tommy Ramone, also known as Thomas Erdelyi (born Erdélyi Tamás; January 29, 1949 - July 11, 2014), was a Hungarian-American record producer and musician. He was born to Jewish parents in Budapest and grew up in Queens, New York City. He was the drummer for an early and important punk rock band, the Ramones.

Arsinoitherium

Arsinoitherium is an extinct genus, a large mammal that lived during the early Oligocene (about 38 to 23 million years ago). Although it looked like a rhinoceros, it is more closely related to elephants. Fossils of "Arsinoitherium" have been found in Faiyum, Egypt.

Sydney Brenner

Sydney Brenner CH FRS (13 January 1927 – 5 April 2019) was a South African biologist and a 2002 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine laureate, shared with Robert Horvitz and John Sulston. He was of Jewish descent.

Brenner made significant contributions to work on the genetic code, and other areas of molecular biology.

He established the roundworm "Caenorhabditis elegans" as a model organism for the investigation of developmental biology. He founded the Molecular Sciences Institute in Berkeley, California.

Brenner made several important contributions to molecular biology in the 1960s. With Francis Crick and others, he worked out the genetic code, where triplets of nucleic acid bases are translated into amino acids.

Brenner then focused on establishing "Caenorhabditis elegans" as a model organism for the investigation of animal development including development of the nervous system. Brenner chose this 1 millimeter-long soil roundworm mainly because it is simple, is easy to grow in bulk populations, and turned out to be convenient for genetic analysis. For this work, he shared the 2002 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Robert Horvitz and John Sulston. His Nobel lecture in December 2002, "Nature's gift to science" is a homage to this modest nematode. He considers chosing the right organism is as important as picking the right problems to work on. In recognition of his pioneering work on "C. elegans", another closely related nematode was given the scientific name "Caenorhabditis brenneri".

Brenner founded the Molecular Sciences Institute in Berkeley, CA in 1996. He is currently associated with the Salk Institute, the Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology, the Singapore Biomedical Research Council and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. In August 2005 Brenner was appointed president of the Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology. He is also on the Board of Scientific Governors at the Scripps Research Institute.

Known for his scientific insight and wit, Brenner for many years penned a regular column ("Loose Ends") in the journal "Current Biology". Brenner was noted for his generosity of ideas and the great number of students and colleagues his ideas have stimulated.

Brenner died on 5 April 2019 in Singapore. He was 92.




Gerhard-Hanappi-stadium

The Gerhard Hanappi stadium was a football stadium in Vienna, Austria. It was the homeground of SK Rapid Wien and is named after Gerhard Hanappi, the architect of the stadium and former player of Rapid Wien.

The work started in 1971 but there was a delay in finishing it. The plan was not fully built because it should be cheaper. The new stadium was named "Weststadion" (western stadium) because it lays in the western part of Vienna. It was planned that the two major clubs should play in this new stadium, but Austria Wien was not amused that her rival has got a stadium in its own district, so they went back to their former homeground, the Franz Horr stadium. But till 1992 they often came back because the Horr stadium was not licensed for international matches. In April 1981 it got the name of its architect Gerhard Hanappi, who was player for Rapid Wien.

The first match which was played here was a leaguematch SK Rapid versus Austria Vienna. But the official opening was on September 14th, 1977 with a UEFA-Cup match Rapid versus FK Inter Bratislava (1:0). It was not love at first sight between the fans and the new stadium, but meanwhile they accept it. It is even called "Saint Hanappi" following the slogan of the fans "Rapid is our religion."

The stadium was demolished in 2014 to build the Allianz Stadion, which was opened on 16 July 2016. During its construction, Rapid Vienna played their home games at the Ernst-Happel-Stadion in the Prater.




Observe and Report

Observe and Report is a 2009 black comedy movie that was produced by Donald De Line and was directed by Jody Hill. Observe and Report was released on April 10, 2009 in North America. The movie received mixed reviews with a 51% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 54 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist

Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist is a 2009 romantic comedy movie that was produced by Kerry Kohansky Roberts, Andrew Miano, Chris Weitz and Paul Weitz and was directed by Peter Sollett. "Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist" was released on October 3, 2008 in North America. The plot involves Nick and Norah following rabbit-associated clues to see a music band, and during their adventure they fall in love. The movie received positive reviews with a 72% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 64 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Kicking &amp; Screaming

Kicking & Screaming is a 2005 sports comedy movie that was produced by Jimmy Miller and Judd Apatow and was directed by Jesse Dylan. "Kicking & Screaming" was released on May 13, 2005 in North America. The movie received mixed reviews with a 41% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 45 out of 100 from Metacritic.



How Do You Know (movie)

How Do You Know is a 2010 American comedy-drama movie produced by Julie Ansell, James L. Brooks and Paula Weinstein, and written and directed by Brooks. It premiered on December 17, 2010 and received negative reviews with a 30% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 47 out of 100 from Metacritic. It became poor at the box office with $7.6 million made in North America, which made it eighth in the box office at its first weekend. It fell off the chart on the third weekend and grossed a total of $47,707,151 worldwide. It failed to recoup for its $120 million budget and made it a massive box-office bomb.



The Girl He Left Behind

The Girl He Left Behind is a 1956 romantic comedy movie that was produced by Frank P. Rosenberg and was directed by David Butler. The Girl He Left Behind was released on 1956 in North America and in 1957 in Europe by Premier Productions.

Andy Schaeffer is a spoiled mama's boy who usually gets his way. He breezes through college, while girlfriend Susan Daniels works hard at a job to pay for her education. She isn't sure where their relationship is going. Andy's grades begin to worsen, and he's being drafted by the army. Andy reports for basic training at Fort Ord, making it clear to everybody there that he'd rather be anyplace else.



Thermal power plant

A thermal power plant is a power plant where steam is used to drive a steam turbine. This turbine is connected to an electrical generator. After this, the water is condensed, and may be used again. This is known as the Rankine cycle. There are different procedures that can be used to heat the water;


Fossil fueled thermal power plants produce a large part of man-made CO2 emissions to the atmosphere, and efforts to reduce these are varied and widespread.


Ruth Buzzi

Ruth Ann Buzzi (born July 24, 1936) is an American comedian and actress. She is most famous for her performances on the variety show "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In". She most often appeared as the unwilling object of "dirty old man" character Tyrone F. Horneigh's affection. Ruth appeared as Ruthie on seasons 25 (1993-1994)-32 (2001) of Sesame Street.

Buzzi received 5 Emmy Award nominations. She won the Golden Globe Award in 1973 for her work on "Laugh-In". 

Buzzi received the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Pasadena Playhouse of the Performing Arts.

Buzzi received a Clio Award for Best Spokesperson in a television commercial for her series of Clorox-2 commercials. She is among the first of only a few Caucasian women to win an NAACP Image Award. 

Ruth Buzzi guest starred as a music and comedy performer on dozens of prime time television specials with colleagues including Jonathan Winters, Carol Burnett, Jim Nabors, Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, Jerry Lee Lewis, Wayne Newton, Anne Murray, Rolf Harris, Dom DeLuise, Tony Orlando to name just a few. She appeared 8 times on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" and has made more than 200 other television guest appearances. 

Ruth Buzzi graduated with honors from the Pasadena Playhouse in Pasadena, California. She was one of the first recipients of the Pasadena Playhouse Alumni Achievement Award along with her former classmates Dustin Hoffman and Gene Hackman.

Buzzi was a presenter at the 2009 Emmy Awards along with several members of her debut series, "Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In".

Buzzi lives in Fort Worth, Texas with her husband. 

Buzzi and her husband collect automobiles. Some of their collection is at the Petersen Automotive Museum in Los Angeles, California.

NART TV

NART TV (National Adighe Radio and Television) is a Circassian satellite TV channel which broadcasts from Amman, Jordan. The channel is gaining in popularity and is beginning to get a larger audience in Jordan, Syria and Turkey.

Young Circassians from Jordan decided to open a Circassian-language TV channel with a hope to find international exposure for the Circassian people who live overseas. The experimental channel began broadcasting Circassian music and dance like on MTV. Through the years it has become a commercial channel broadcasting social events, documentaries and activities of the Circassian diaspora. It is continuously under development and regeneration with the increase of advertising incomes from local commercial activities.

The footpath of the transmission covers a large area of Europe, Africa, Asia and the Middle East. Starting in 2011, the channel began to broadcast new programs, moving to normal entertainment schedules. It also switched to including some programs in Arabic because of the concern that many young Circassians (especially in Jordan) do not understand the original Circassian language. A collection of new shows were introduced including live interviews and specific social programs and entertainment programs. Teaching Circassian language in different dialects was also introduced. 

Volcano rabbit

The volcano rabbit (also known as teporingo or zacatuche) is a small rabbit native to Mexico. The rabbit lives on about 280 square kilometers of land in central Mexico. The rabbit is ranked as endangered by the IUCN.

Tommy's First Birthday

"Tommy's First Birthday" is the first official episode of the animated television series "Rugrats". It originally aired on the television network Nickelodeon on August 11, 1991, during the series' first season. In the episode, Stu and Didi strive to make Tommy's first birthday a memorable one. They do, but under the wrong circumstances. Meanwhile, Tommy wants to eat dog food so he can be just like Spike, eventually selling the other Rugrats on the idea.

One morning, Tommy Pickles is woken up by his parents who wish him a happy birthday: his very first, in fact. Once he's changed and dressed in his special birthday outfit (which consist of a Mario-like red T-shirt with overalls instead of what will be the series normal of light blue T-shirt and diaper) Didi takes him downstairs for breakfast before his party begins.

Didi and Stu feel thoroughly prepared for this special occasion by consulting Lipschitz and creating a birthday checklist. The adults don't notice that Tommy is watching a dog food commercial on TV. Feeling inspired by the ad, Tommy breaks out of his highchair and crawls over to his dog Spike's food bowl (full of canned dog food). At the last minute Grandpa Lou catches Tommy and tells him he doesn't want dog food, he wants his baby food breakfast. But when Lou looks at Tommy's baby food he admits that dog food does look more appetizing by comparison!

The day rolls on and Betty and Howard DeVille arrive for the party with their twins, Phil and Lil, and Chuckie Finster, the neighbors son. When they're all gathered in the playpen, Tommy tells them about the dog food commercial, and his belief that if they eat dog food, they'll turn into dogs. The other babies find this appealing and decide they want to be dogs, too. But before they can leave the playpen, the grownups put party hats on the babies and snap pictures, though the babies aren't thrilled by either one.

Soon, Stu's older brother Drew arrives with his daughter Angelica (who, not unlike Tommy, is wearing a special birthday party dress for the occasion). Angelica gleefully poses for pictures with the babies, though roughly. Tommy tells Angelica about the dog food, who enjoys the idea of biting the mailman and agrees to go along with Tommy's plan to get dog food. But before they can do anything, it's time to open presents. Angelica is greedy and wants Tommy's presents for herself. Stu made Tommy's present himself: a remote control flying saucer. Didi and Grandpa Lou both doubt that even a grownup can fly it, but Stu insists Tommy can figure it out.

The doorbell rings, signaling the arrival of the puppet stand and puppets the Pickles' booked for the party. But there are no professional puppeteers to go with the stand, leaving Stu and Drew to perform themselves (and Didi worrying that her son's first birthday won't be perfect). They decide to perform the climax of Little Red Riding Hood, but they quickly begin to argue over how the lines go. Lou tries to tell them to cut it out (with a puppet of his own), however it doesn't work and they continue to bicker. Meanwhile Grandpa Boris, Didi's father, complains about the cake she baked. Didi baked a carrot cake, but Boris says a chocolate cake is more suitable.

With the adults distracted, first Tommy, then the rest of the gang, go to the kitchen, but find Spike's bowl licked clean. They find another can on the counter, but have difficulties getting it down on their own. They use Stu's present to help, but wreck the kitchen and the cake in the process! Fortunately, Lou opens the can of dog food for Spike. Spike isn't interested in eating right now, so the babies eagerly help themselves...and quickly spit it out (except for Lil)!

Nothing happens at first, but then Tommy says he feels something, and starts to bark and crawl around. Phil and Lil say they have fleas, Chuckie hopes he can grow fur, and Angelica hopes the mailman comes soon. All of them start acting like dogs, which attracts the notice of the adults. They feel happy seeing this moment, because even though the day was far from perfect, they're all having a good time. A picture of this is taken, which is forever included on the pages of the Pickles family photo album documenting Tommy's first birthday.


"Tommy's First Birthday" was released on the DVD "Rugrats: Season 1" and will be released on "Rugrats: The Complete Series".

Daniel Sedin

Daniel Sedin (born September 26, 1980) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey winger. He played a total of 17 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He spent his entire NHL career with the Vancouver Canucks playing alongside his identical twin brother Henrik. Born and raised in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden, they played together throughout their careers; the pair were known for their effectiveness playing off one another. Daniel was known as a goal-scorer, while Henrik was known as a playmaker.

On April 5, 2018, the Sedin twins played their last game together in Rogers Arena against the Arizona Coyotes. Daniel played his last game on April 7, 2018 and retired alongside his brother after the 2017–18 NHL season. The Sedins both won the King Clancy Memorial Trophy at the end of the season, making it the first time two brothers shared the trophy.

On February 12, 2020, a ceremony took place which celebrated the Sedins' career. During the event, Daniel's jersey number 22 and Henrik's number 33 were retired and raised to the rafters of Rogers Arena. On 28 June 2022, Daniel and Henrik became the first Canucks inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame. 

West Coast Eagles

The West Coast Eagles are an Australian Rules Football team in Perth, Western Australia.

Subiaco Oval

Subiaco Oval, also known as Patersons Stadium and Domain Stadium, was a sports stadium. It was the largest sports stadium in Perth, Western Australia. It was in the suburb of Subiaco, about three kilometres west of Perth's city centre.

The stadium was demolished in November 2019.



John Sulston

Sir John Edward Sulston FRS (27 March 1942 – 6 March 2018) was a British biologist. He was a joint winner of the 2002 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

He was the first Director of the Wellcome Sanger Institute, and then Chair of the Institute for Science, Ethics and Innovation at the University of Manchester.

Sulston was one of 20 Nobel laureates who signed the "Stockholm memorandum" at the 3rd Nobel Laureate Symposium on Global Sustainability in Stockholm, Sweden on 18 May 2011.

He first studied at the University of Cambridge in Pembroke College, where he graduated in 1963. He then stayed on to do his PhD there. After working at the Salk Institute, La Jolla, California, for a while, he returned to Cambridge to work under Sydney Brenner at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology.

Sulston played a central role in both the "Caenorhabditis elegans" roundworm and human genome sequencing projects. As sequencing of the worm genome proceeded, the project to sequence the human genome began. At this point he was made director of the newly established Sanger Centre (named after Fred Sanger).

One of Sulston's most important contributions during his research years at the LMB was to find the precise order in which cells in "C. elegans" divide. In fact, he and his team succeeded in tracing the nematode's entire embryonic cell lineage. Sulston was a leading campaigner against the patenting of human genetic information.

Sulston died on 6 March 2018 at the age of 75.

Aaron Klug

Sir Aaron Klug OM PRS (August 11, 1926 – November 20, 2018) was a Lithuanian-born British chemist and biophysicist.

Klug won the 1982 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for developing crystallographic electron microscopy and working out the structure of nucleic acid-protein complexes.

Klug was born in Želva, Lithuania to Jewish parents. The family moved to South Africa when he was two. Klug graduated with a degree in science at the University of Witwatersrand and studied crystallography at the University of Cape Town before moving to England, completing his doctorate at Trinity College, Cambridge in 1953.

He moved to Birkbeck College, University of London, in late 1953, and started working with Rosalind Franklin in John Bernal's lab. This experience aroused a lifelong interest in viruses. During his time there he worked on the structure of the tobacco mosaic virus.

In 1962 he moved to the newly built MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge. Klug used methods from X-ray diffraction to develop crystallographic electron microscopy. In this method, two-dimensional images of crystals taken from different angles are combined to make three-dimensional images of the target. He worked out the structure of important nucleic acid-protein complexes.

Between 1986 and 1996 he was Director of the Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, and was knighted in 1988. He was elected President of the Royal Society, and served from 1995–2000. He was appointed to the Order of Merit in 1995.

Klung died on November 20, 2018 in Cambridge at the age of 92.


Deportivo Petare

Deportivo Petare Fútbol Club (until summer 2010 called Deportivo Italia Fútbol Club) is a Venezuelan football club based in Caracas. Formed in 1948 as "Deportivo Italia F.C.", the club after fifty years merged with "Deportivo Chacao F.C." in 1998, and was called "Deportivo Italchacao" for eight years. The club has won the Primera División Venezolana five times and the Copa de Venezuela three times.

The actual "Deportivo Petare" was founded on 18 August 1948 with the name "Deportivo Italia" by nine Italian immigrants: Carlo Pescifeltri, Lorenzo Tommasi, Bruno Bianchi, Giordano Valentini, Samuel Rovatti, Angelo Bragaglia, Giovanni de Stefano, Giuseppe Pane and Alfredo Sacchi.

The golden years of the team were those of the "D'Ambrosio era", that lasted from 1958 to 1978. In those golden years, Deportivo Italia won the Venezuelan First Division tournament four times (1961, 1963, 1966 and 1972) and the "Copa Venezuela" three times (1961,1962 and 1970), and was runner up in the first division in 1965, 1968, 1969, 1970 and 1971 and in the Copa Venezuela in 1976.
This period was crowned by the victory 1:0 with the Fluminense, champion team of Brazil in 1971.

Deportivo Italia changed their name to "Deportivo Petare" in the summer of 2010. There is an ongoing dispute because of the strong opposition from the Italian community in Caracas.

Deportivo Petare has started de 2010/2011 season with good results, ending fourth at the end of the first half of the season in December 2010. The last match ended in a draw with Deportivo Tachira, the eventual "Torneo Apertura" champion.
" "Torneo Apertura 2010" Standings"
The club played their home matches at Estadio Brígido Iriarte until 2006, which has a maximum capacity of 15,000 people. Now the team plays at the Estadio Olímpico (Caracas), with a capacity of 30,000.

The Olimpico stadium is also used as headquarters for some of the matches of the national team, as well as FC Caracas.

The colors from 1948 to 2010 were the same as the Italian national football team (blue and white). After the name change, the actual Deportivo Petare uses those colors as second choice. In the 2010-2011 championship the main colors are white and black.










STS-2

STS-2 was the second flight of the space shuttle. It flew in November 1981.

Planck units

The Planck units are physical units of measurement. The system of these units was first developed by Max Planck. The four basic Planck units are based only on four physical constants found in nature. When Planck units are used to express any of these four physical constants, the value is 1. This allows physicists to simplify many equations about physical law. Planck proposed these units in 1899. 

Planck units are unique: they are based only on properties of free space (a vacuum). Planck units are also called "natural units" because they come only from properties of nature and not from any human construct. Planck units are only one system of natural units among other systems. The constants that Planck units define as 1 are these:


Each of these constants has at least one fundamental physical theory: "c" with special relativity, "G" with general relativity and Newton's law of universal gravitation, "ħ" with quantum mechanics, "ε" with electrostatics, and "k" with statistical mechanics and thermodynamics. 

Planck units are very important for theoretical physics, because they simplify several recurring algebraic expressions of physical law. They are particularly relevant in research on unified theories such as quantum gravity.

Planck units may sometimes be semi-humorously referred to by physicists as ""God's units"". They eliminate human centered arbitrariness from the system of units: some physicists argue that communication with extraterrestrial intelligence would have to use such a system of units to make common reference to scale. Unlike the meter and second, which exist as fundamental units in the SI system for historical reasons, the Planck length and Planck time are linked at a fundamental physical level.

Natural units help physicists to reframe questions. Frank Wilczek puts this succinctly:

The strength of gravity is simply what it is and the strength of the electromagnetic force is simply what it is. 

Blah Blah Blah

"Blah Blah Blah" is a song by American singer Kesha. It is from her first album, "Animal". It was produced by Benny Blanco. Kesha, Blanco, Neon Hitch and Sean Foreman wrote the song. It was released as the album's second single on February 19, 2010. It features the alternative band 3OH!3. The song is an electropop song. The lyrics are about a woman who would rather have sex than listen to a man speak.

Critics have mixed opinions on the song. The single was successful commercially by reaching the top five in Australia and Canada. It reached the top ten in the United States and New Zealand. The song became Kesha's second top ten single in Australia, Canada and the United States. It has gone on to sell over two million copies in the United States. It has been certified two times platinum in Canada.

Dorothy Hodgkin

Dorothy Mary Crowfoot Hodgkin (12 May 1910 – 29 July 1994), was a British chemist. She developed protein crystallography. Hodgkin received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1964.

Hodgkin was born in Cairo, Egypt. She and her sisters were sent to live in England when World War l started. She spent the rest of her life there. 

Her mother was an expert on nature and Ancient Egyptian textiles. Hodgkin’s father was a British archeologist and scholar. 

She studied crystals and became a tutor at Somerville College, Oxford. In 1969, Hodgkin used computer technology to analyse the structure of Insulin. Insulin is a protein which is used to treat diabetes. 

Hodgkin advanced the technique of X-ray crystallography. It is a method used to discover the three dimensional structures of biomolecules. 

Ernst Chain thought he had found the structure of penicillin, and Hodgkin proved he was right. She also found the structure of vitamin B. For her work she was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. 

In 1969, after 35 years of work and five years after winning the Nobel Prize, Hodgkin was able to find the structure of insulin. 

X-ray crystallography became a widely used tool and was used to find the structures of many biological molecules, such as DNA. The structure of molecules helps us understand how they work.

Apart from the Nobel Prize, she was appointed to the Order of Merit, and given the Copley Medal, the top award of the Royal Society.

Later, she was Chancellor of Bristol University from 1970 to 1988, and President of Pugwash from 1976 to 1988. Pugwash is an organization which holds conferences on Science and World Affairs. 

Her best-known student was Margaret Thatcher, who consulted her when she (Thatcher) was in office. 

Hodgkin was not allowed to enter the United States without special permission from the CIA. She protested and wanted world peace. She was also a friend of J.D. Bernal, who was also left-wing. She received the Lenin Peace Prize in 1987.

Hodgkin died of a stroke in 1994.

Friday (Rebecca Black song)

"Friday" is a song by American singer Rebecca Black. It was written and produced by Clarence Jey and Patrice Wilson. It was released as a single on February 10, 2011, and then, it premiered on iTunes on March 14, 2011 by Ark Music Factory as Black's debut single.

A worker for Ark Music Factory told Rebecca Black's mother about the company's production services in late 2010; Black was 13 years old at the time. She was living in Anaheim Hills, California. Rebecca Black's mother, Georgina Kelly, paid Ark Music $4,000 for a song and a music video that included a choice of two songs written beforehand. Black chose "Friday", as "the other song was about adult love – I haven't experienced that yet. I felt like it was my personality in that song."

The payment covered one half or less of the production costs of the music video, and Black's family could have paid nothing in exchange for giving up all rights to the song. Black chose "Friday", as "the other song was about adult love – I haven't experienced that yet. I felt like it was my personality in that song." Ark Music extensively used the pitch-correcting software Auto-Tune. Although Kelly had some doubts over the quality of the lyrics, Black assured her that "I sang it as they wrote it, Mom." "Friday" co-writer Patrice Wilson explained that "I wrote the lyrics on a Thursday night going into a Friday. I was writing different songs all night and was like, 'Wow, I've been up a long time and it's Friday.' And I was like, wow, it is Friday!"

The music video for the song became a viral video. The song was criticized for the lyrics, the use of Auto-Tune and the video. On March 11, 2011, the video's view count on YouTube was still about 4,000. As of April 15, 2011, the video had over 102 million views, 2.1 million comments, 240 000 "likes" and 2 million "dislikes". Since the growth in popularity of the song and video, there have been numerous parody videos and remixes. "Forbes" has said that the unpopularity of the song is another sign of the power of social media – specifically Twitter, Facebook, and Tumblr. It also said these media could create "overnight sensations." Despite the very bad reviews, pop music celebrities Chris Brown, Miley Cyrus, and Simon Cowell have supported Black.

Aurora, Colorado

Aurora is a Home Rule Municipality in the U.S. state of Colorado. The city is in Arapahoe, Adams, and Douglas counties. It is the third biggest city by number of people in Colorado, and the 59th biggest city by number of people in the United States. The city's population was 386,261 during the 2020 United States Census.

Denver and Aurora are the main cities of the Denver-Aurora-Broomfield, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area, a United States metropolitan area (MSA). In 2020, the cities within the statistical area had 2,963,821 people, which makes it the MSA with the 19th most people. 

However, Denver and Aurora together make up less than half of the Denver-Aurora-Broomfield Metropolitan Statistical Area's people and Aurora has about half of the population of Denver. In 2020, the Denver–Aurora combined statistical area (CSA) had 3,623,560 people. That makes it the CSA with the 17th most people.

Aurora started in the 1880s, when it was known as Fletcher, the name of Denver businessman Donald Fletcher. Fletcher thought of Aurora as a chance for real estate. He and his companions went out four square miles east of Denver, but the town and Colorado were not doing well after the Silver Crash of 1893. 

On July 20, 2012, a spree shooting took place at a during the midnight premiere of "The Dark Knight Rises" at a local movie theater - 12 people were shot dead.

SpongeBob SquigglePants

SpongeBob SquigglePants is a video game based on the television series "SpongeBob SquarePants". It is the fourth game in the uDraw Series. It was published by THQ and developed by WayForward Technologies. 

The game was released for Wii on April 12, 2011. It was released for Nintendo 3DS on May 17, 2011.

It contains over 100 mini-games that require using the uDraw GameTablet. It allows players to draw their own paintings or color in them.

Derby Museum and Art Gallery

Derby Museum and Art Gallery was started in 1879 in a new building given to Derby by a local brewer. The collection today includes paintings of Joseph Wright of Derby and porcelain from Derby and the surrounding area. 

In 2011, Derby City Council announced that it was to use Joseph Wright of Derby to brand the city of Derby. At the same time, the Museum announced that it was "joining forces" with Wikipedia to improve the quality of its information. In February 2011 it was announced that Derby Museum had been given an award for its collection of paintings and drawings by Joseph Wright.



All Killer, No Filler

All Killer, No Filler is the first studio album by Canadian rock band, Sum 41. It was released on May 8, 2001. The producer of the album was Jerry Finn. The album was ranked as the 9th greatest punk pop album of all time by Top40.com.

Joseph Wright of Derby

Joseph Wright (3 September 1734 – 29 August 1797), (Wright of Derby), was an English landscape and portrait painter. He painted the Industrial Revolution."

Wright showed the contrast of light and dark. His paintings of early science in the English Midlands, show the Age of Enlightenment.

Many of Wright's paintings and drawings are on display at the Derby Museum and Art Gallery.


Rotary evaporator

A rotary evaporator (or rotavap) is commonly used in chemical laboratories to remove solvents by evaporation.

The liquid is put in a round-bottomed flask and placed in the device. The rotavap spins and heats the flask and reduces the pressure inside by creating a vacuum. The vacuum makes the liquid evaporate at a low temperature than normal. The liquid becomes a gas and is collected by cooling it so it condenses into another flask.

If there are substances dissolved in the liquid they will be left behind in when it evaporates. If water with salt dissolved in it is evaporated, then pure water and dry salt will be separated. Scientists use rotary evaporators to remove the liquid a solid is dissolved in.

Rotary evaporators are often quicker to use than evaporating basins. They can be used for distillations.

Reptar on Ice

"Reptar on Ice" was the twenty-third episode of the Nickelodeon show "Rugrats". It aired November 15, 1992.

Tommy is disgruntled at a comment Angelica makes at a breakfast about the dinosaurs being extinct and expresses his concern to the other babies of the possibility of Reptar being extinct too. After an accidental suggestion by Chuckie's that he's "hiding," the babies look for him in the backyard and discover a lizard which looks exactly like him and come to assumption that it is Reptar's child. To keep him in a secret from the grown-ups, Tommy hides the lizard inside his diaper and the lizard crawls around inside Tommy’s diaper causing him to twitch and squirm a lot while the babies ponder what to do with Reptar's Baby. A commercial for "Reptar on Ice" suddenly plays, to the shock of the babies and Stu decides to take them all. The babies are now thrilled because they can now "return" the lizard to its "father".

As they arrive at the ice show, Leo, the actor portraying "Reptar", shows his outrage at the theme of the show manager, Harry, how he questions why he chose to the play the part due to his dislike of children, lizards, and his inability to the ice skate. The performance begins and as it continues, the adults fall asleep; the babies then take this time to give the lizard to "Reptar." They go onto the ice and rides on the props to catch up with him. They get caught in the midst of a scene and inadvertently interrupt the performance; Leo tries to continue performing, but freaks out and runs off when Tommy shows him the lizard. Stu gets on the ice and picks up the babies, to the audience's applause. As Stu is holding Tommy up against him, the lizard crawls out of Tommy’s diaper looking around then notices another place to explore which is Stu’s jeans and jumps out of Tommy’s diaper and inside Stu’s jeans making Stu move abnormally causing him to strongly twitch and squirm as the lizard crawls around inside his jeans...


"Reptar on Ice" was released on the VHS "Rugrats: Return of Reptar", the DVD "Rugrats: Decade in Diapers", "Rugrats: Season 2" and will be released on "Rugrats: The Complete Series".

Death of Baby P

Peter Connelly (1 March 2006 – 3 August 2007) (also known as "Baby P", "Child A" and "Baby Peter") was a 17-month-old British child. He died of child abuse on 3 August 2007 in London, England after suffering more than 50 injuries over an eight-month period. His mother, her partner and his brother were sent to prison for attacking him. The case resulted in several big investigations into how the social services department of Haringey Council carried out its job looking after children in danger. In a similar case, the same child welfare authorities had failed seven years earlier in the murder of Victoria Climbié.
There had been a public inquiry and measures had been put in place to prevent similar cases.

Waikiki

Waikīkī is a neighborhood of Honolulu, on the south shore of Oahu, Hawaii. Waikiki Beach is the shoreline in front of Waikīkī.

The name "" means "spouting fresh water" in the Hawaiian language. This because the area had springs and streams that fed wetlands.

Interchange (road)

An interchange a place where two freeways meet, or where a freeway and another road meet. An interchange has two levels so traffic going through does not meet. Different levels are connected by ramps. There are many different types of freeway interchanges. The two most common types of freeway interchanges are the diamond interchange and the cloverleaf interchange:


A Rugrats Passover

"A Rugrats Passover" (possibly known as "Passover" in the opening title) was the sixty-fifth episode of the Nickelodeon show "Rugrats". It aired April 13, 1995.

While attending a Passover seder at Didi's parents' house, Boris and the kids (and later, most of the adults), get locked in the attic because the door doesn't open from the inside. To pass the time, Boris tells the kids the story of why Jews celecrate Passover, and how Moses saved his people from slavery.


"A Rugrats Passover" was released on the VHS "Rugrats: A Rugrats Passover", and will be released on the DVD "Rugrats: The Complete Series".

Major Oak

The Major Oak is the main Tree in Sherwood Forest. Legend said Robin Hood lived near here.

It weighs an estimated 23 tons, has a waistline of 33 feet (10m), and is about 800–1000 years old. Because of its age, the tree is held up by props.

In June 2002, the Tree Council decided that The Major Oak was one of fifty "Great British Trees" in because of its place in the national heritage.

Jar Jar Binks

Jar Jar Binks is a fictional character from the Star Wars movie "". He also appears in "" and "". He is a Gungan and was born on the planet Naboo. Jar Jar is treated like the "class clown" by the other Gungans, and is often yelled at for being clumsy. This changes when two Jedi named Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn are stranded on Naboo and Jar Jar accidentally stumbles into them in a swamp. He shows them his home, an underwater city built by Gungans to stay away from humans. There, he gets in trouble for letting humans into their secret city. The Jedi use the Force to convince the Gungan leader, Boss Nass, to let them leave safely. He is hated by many fans, and critics have accused him of being a racist stereotype of black people.

Jar Jar is considered one of the worst characters in movie history since his debut. Because of this, his actor, Ahmed Best nearly killed himself due to the death threats toward his character.

Gungan

The Gungans are a fictional race of creatures from the Star Wars universe. They are amphibious (frog-like) creatures that live on the planet Naboo. The most famous Gungan is a character named Jar Jar Binks from "".

Sonic &amp; Knuckles

Sonic & Knuckles is the fourth video game in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. It was made by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Sega Mega Drive in 1994. In the game, you are able to play as Sonic the Hedgehog and Knuckles the Echidna. You can insert a "Sonic the Hedgehog 2" or "Sonic the Hedgehog 3" cartridge into it and you will get new modes for those games. This is called "Lock-on Technology".

This game is similar to "Sonic the Hedgehog 3". The point of the game is to collect Rings, defeat robots and get to the end of a Zone.

In Sonic and Knuckles, there are eight Zones. But only Super Sonic can reach the last Zone of the game. Only Sonic or Tails can play the second to last Zone, the Death Egg. Most zones have two levels, which are named "acts" in the game. At the end of every act 1, you've got to fight one of Dr. Eggman's robots, and at the end of every act 2, you've got to fight Dr. Eggman himself. There are small robots called "Badniks" in the acts. Most of them can be destroyed if you jump on them. If the badnik is destroyed, a little animal jumps out of it. 

Rings are floating in the air and they are gold. If you collect 100 or 200 Rings, you get a life. If you have no Rings and something hits you (for example, a badnik, spike, or Dr. Eggman), you lose a life. 

There are also Starposts in the acts. If you hit a Starpost, it will spin for a bit, and if you lose a life, you restart at the last Starpost you touched. Starposts can be used to go to the Bonus Stage, if you touch them if you have 20 or more Rings. Then, a ring made of stars will spin above the Starpost, and if you jump into it, you go to the Bonus Stage. 

Controller

Controller may refer to:



Half-Life (series)

Half-Life is a series of video games created by Valve Corporation. The player plays as a character named Gordon Freeman, who is a survivor of a terrible accident at the Black Mesa Science Research Company. A group of scientists make a portal to another dimension, and accidentally let in many alien monsters that start killing everyone.

In the first game, "Half-Life", made in 1998, you play through this disaster and try to escape.

In 2004, the sequel, "Half-Life 2", was released. "Half-Life 2" was followed by two expansions, "" and "".

A related game, "Portal", was released in 2007 and takes place in the same universe. "Portal", "Half-Life 2", "Half-Life 2: Episode One", "Half-Life 2: Episode Two", and "Team Fortress" (an unrelated game) were put together into one package for sale in 2007. This package is known as "The Orange Box".

Frank Oz

Frank Oz (born Frank Richard Oznowicz on May 25, 1944) is an American actor, filmmaker and puppeteer. He is known for his work on "The Muppets", "Star Wars", and "Sesame Street". He also directed some popular films, such as "Little Shop of Horrors" and "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels". His most popular puppets are Yoda and Cookie Monster. He played Cookie Monster, Bert and Grover on Sesame Street and he did Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear, Animal, and Sam the Eagle on the Muppets.

Gingerbread man

Gingerbread men are cookies made of gingerbread shaped like people. 

In America, they are most popular at Christmastime. Ingredients include ginger, molasses, spices, flour, butter, eggs, etc. The dough is rolled out on a flat surface, and the gingerbread man is made with a cookie cutter. The cookies can be frosted and decorated with various trims such as raisins and silver dragees.

These cookies can be made with different decorations such as chocolate chips, jelly beans, chocolate sauce etc. They can also be made in different sizes.

Electron crystallography

Electron crystallography is a method to determine the arrangement of atoms in solids using a transmission electron microscope (TEM).

This method works in many cases where X-ray crystallography does not. The latter needs large 3-D crystals to work.

Protein structures are usually done from 2-dimensional crystals (sheets or helices), polyhedrons such as viral capsids, or dispersed proteins. Electrons can be used in these situations, whereas X-rays cannot, because electrons interact more strongly with atoms than X-rays do.
Electron crystallography is a method to determine the arrangement of atoms in solids using a transmission electron microscope (TEM). The method was invented by Aaron Klug, who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this, and his studies on virus structures and transfer RNA, in 1982.

The first electron crystallographic protein structure to be solved was bacteriorhodopsin in 1990.
Since then, several other high-resolution structures have been done by electron crystallography, including the light-harvesting complex, and the bacterial flagellum.


Paul Nurse

Sir Paul Maxime Nurse (Paul Maxime Nurse, born Norwich, 25 January 1949) is a British geneticist and cell biologist.

He was awarded the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, with Leland Hartwell and Timothy Hunt, for their discoveries about cell division.

They discovered cycle of cell division is regulated by cyclin and cyclin dependent kinases.

Sir Paul is the current President of the Royal Society and Chief Executive and Director of the UK Centre for Medical Research and Innovation.

He is also Emeritus Professor and Head of the Laboratory for Yeast genetics and Cell Biology at the Rockefeller University, New York City.

Nurse was awarded the Royal Society's Copley Medal in 2005.

Dysnomia

The term Dysnomia can refer to three different concepts:

Kevin DuBrow

Kevin Mark DuBrow (October 29, 1955 – November 19, 2007) was an American singer of rock music. He is best known as the lead singer of the heavy metal band Quiet Riot from 1975, when the band started, until 2007, when he died.

On December 10, 2007, media reported that DuBrow had been found dead on the afternoon of November 25, 2007. He died because he took an accidental overdose of cocaine.

Fighting game

A fighting game is a video game in which two or more players battle for the winning spot, usually by fighting to the death or K.O.. Most fighting games have a selection of characters with different abilities. Some popular fighting games are "Mortal Kombat", "Street Fighter", and "Soul Calibur".

Push-button

A push-button is a switch in the shape of a small button or knob. When it is pushed it completes an electrical circuit that controls something. For example, a doorbell rings when a person pushes a button, or numbers are displayed on a calculator or even when you are playing a machine game at an arcade.

Heavyweights

Heavyweights is a 1995 Disney movie directed by Steven Brill. "Heavyweights" is about a fat camp for children that is taken over by fitness expert Tony Perkis (Ben Stiller).


Charlie Brown

Charlie Brown is the main character of the Peanuts comic strip, which is published in many countries worldwide. Charlie is often seen as a "lovable loser" and is very well-known. He is often nervous and lacks confidence, but also has moments of optimism and determination. Charlie Brown is easily recognizable by his round head and his shirt with a zigzag pattern. The creator of the comic strip, Charles M. Schulz, said that Charlie Brown is a "caricature of the average person" and must be the one who suffers because most people experience more losses than victories. Despite this, Charlie has also experienced happy moments and victories throughout the years, and he has shown self-assertiveness despite his nervousness. Schulz also said that Charlie Brown is usually the main character of each story. Charlie Brown is the only character who has appeared in the Peanuts comic strip throughout its entire run. He is eight years old for most of the comic strip's timeline. In the beginning, he lived in an apartment with his grandmother but later moved to a house with a backyard. He is usually referred to as "Charlie Brown" and never just "Charlie" by the other characters in the strip, except for Peppermint Patty and Marcie, who call him "Chuck" and "Charles," respectively. Lee Mendelson, the producer of the majority of the Peanuts television specials, has said that Charlie Brown is the ultimate survivor who has overcome bullying, whether it comes from Lucy or others.

Charlie Brown is a character in the comic strip Peanuts. He is a shy, gentle-hearted person who suffers from anxiety. Charlie is often referred to by his full name, and his catchphrase is "good grief". He is the son of a barber, and like his creator Charles M. Schulz, he is an example of the "great American un-success story". Despite his almost continuous streak of bad luck, he keeps trying with huge efforts and work, resulting in either more losses or, very rarely, great victories. Although Charlie Brown is often unlucky within the storylines, he is a shining example of the American success story in the comic strip field. He cares deeply for his family and friends, even if he is mistreated by them. When maltreated by his companions, he does not usually take out his anger on them, but often retaliates and even manages to turn the tables. He is ambitious, manages the baseball team, and is the pitcher. He may be a loser, but he's also a leader at the same time. Charlie Brown's virtues lie in his resilience, optimism, and courage. He has a mood swing and vacillates between being a "hero" and being a "goat". Schulz created this ever-persevering character to be an inspiration for people to keep trying even when they fail.


Stan and Jan Berenstain

Stan and Jan Berenstain were American authors and illustrators. They are best known for their books about the "Berenstain Bears" and "Blair Investigates". 

Stanley Melvin Berenstain (September 29, 1923 – November 26, 2005) was born in West Philadelphia. Janice Marian Berenstain (July 26, 1923 – February 24, 2012) was also born in Philadelphia. Both served in World War II. 

On November 26, 2005, Stanley Berenstain died of cancer. He was 82. Jan died February 24, 2012, from a stroke.

The couple's first published a book in 1951. It was "The Berenstains' Baby Book". They then published two more books on parenthood.

The first book with the Berenstain Bears was "The Big Honey Hunt". It was published in 1962 and the first book with the Blair Investigates was "A Investigate Star is Born". It was published in 1968 and only as the author and illustrations by Peyo. Theodor Geisel (best known as Dr. Seuss) was the editor for the early books in the series. Over 300 books have been published in 23 languages.

Svante Arrhenius

Svante August Arrhenius (19 February 1859 – 2 October 1927) was a Nobel Prize-winning Swedish scientist who made discoveries in physics, chemistry and earth science.

Originally he was a physicist, but he won the 1903 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, and was a founder of physical chemistry.

Later in life, he turned to other scientific problems. He was the first person to predict that emissions of carbon dioxide, from the burning of fossil fuels, would cause global warming.

His early work was on the conductivity of electrolytes. In 1884, based on this work, he submitted a 150-page essay on electrolytic conductivity to University of Uppsala for his doctorate. It did not impress the professors, and he received a low-class degree. Later, extensions of this work would earn him the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

The most important idea in the thesis was his explanation that neither pure salts nor pure water is a conductor, but solutions of salts in water are.

Arrhenius' explanation was that in forming a solution, the salt splits up into charged particles (which Michael Faraday had given the name ions many years earlier). Faraday's belief had been that ions were produced in the process of electrolysis; Arrhenius' idea was that, even in the absence of an electric current, solutions of salts contained ions. He proposed that chemical reactions in solution were reactions between ions.

In an extension of his ionic scientific theory Arrhenius proposed definitions for acids and bases, in 1884. He believed that acids were substances which produce hydrogen ions in a solution and that bases were substances which produce hydroxide ions in a solution.

About 1900, Arrhenius became involved in setting up the Nobel Institutes and the Nobel Prizes. For the rest of his life, he would be a member of the Nobel Committee on Physics and a member of the Nobel Committee on Chemistry.

He used his positions to arrange prizes for his friends (Jacobus van't Hoff, Wilhelm Ostwald, Theodore Richards) and to attempt to deny them to his enemies (Paul Ehrlich, Walther Nernst). In 1903 he became the first Swedish persn to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

After he had made his name, he turned to other scientific questions.

In 1904 he delivered (at the University of California) several lectures, to try and show the application of the methods of physical chemistry to the study of the theory of toxins and antitoxins, and which were published in 1907 under the title "Immunochemistry".

He also turned his attention to geology (the origin of ice ages), astronomy, physical cosmology, and astrophysics, accounting for the birth of the solar system by interstellar collision.
He considered radiation pressure as accounting for comets, the solar corona, the aurora borealis, and zodiacal light.

He thought life might have been carried from planet to planet by the transport of spores. This idea is now known as panspermia.

Arrhenius thought of a theory to explain the ice ages, and in 1896 he was the first scientist to think that changes in the levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere could make a big change to the surface temperature through the greenhouse effect. He was influenced by the work of others, including Joseph Fourier. Arrhenius used infrared observations of the moon to work out the absorption of infrared radiation by atmospheric CO and water vapour.
In its original form, Arrhenius' greenhouse law reads as follows:
This simplified expression is still used today:

His book "Worlds in the making" (1908) was directed at a general audience. He suggested that the human emission of CO would be strong enough to stop the world from entering a new ice age, and that a warmer Earth would be needed to feed the rapidly increasing population:

He was the first person to predict that emissions of carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuels and other combustion processes would cause global warming. Arrhenius clearly believed that a warmer world would be a positive change. Nevertheless, until about 1960, most scientists dismissed the greenhouse effect because they thought it was very unlikely to happen. Milutin Milankovitch had presented a mechanism for ice ages: it used cyclical changes in the orbit of the Earth (Milankovitch cycles). Nowadays, the accepted explanation is that orbital forcing sets the timing for ice ages with CO acting as amplifying feedback.

He thought of the idea of a universal language (one language that would be spoken by everybody), proposing a modification of the English language.

Arrhenius was one of several leading Swedish scientists who helped create The State Institute for Racial Biology in 1922. This was a eugenics-influenced idea. It had originally been proposed as a Nobel Institute. Arrhenius was a member of the institute's board, as he had been in The Swedish Society for Racial Hygiene (Eugenics), founded in 1909.

Tivoli-Neu

The Tivoli-Neu is a football stadium in Innsbruck, Austria. It is the homeground of FC Wacker Innsbruck and the Swarco Raiders Tirol, an American Football team. The stadium was one venue of the UEFA Euro 2008.

The Tivoli-Neu replaces the old Tivoli stadium which was closed down in 2004. Since the insolvency of FC Tirol in 2002 the stadium is used by FC Wacker Innsbruck, the follower of the old club. For the UEFA Euro 2008 the stadium was used for matches. It was temporarily expanded to a capacity of 30 000.



Denmark-Norway

The Kingdom of Denmark-Norway was a union between the two kingdoms Denmark and Norway. They were previously in the Kalmar Union with Sweden. The Kingdom of Denmark-Norway lasted from 1536 to 1814. The capital of both countries was Copenhagen, and they shared the same military. The kingdom also possessed colonies in Greenland, Iceland, Africa, the Caribbean and India.


VEGAS Pro

VEGAS Pro is a non-linear video editing software developed by MAGIX, previously by Sony Creative Software and Sonic Foundry. The Film Paranormal Activity was edited using the software and has won many awards.

The software is only for Windows computers and PCs only and cost 600 dollars. 

VEGAS Pro contains a lot of video and audio effects and transitions including the Mirror Effect and Chroma Key. VEGAS Pro also has tittles and other video generators.

VEGAS Pro also allows users crop video, Flip video horizontal or upside down, change the speed of video and audio with or without the pitch changing if going faster or slower and more.

The 8.0 version was released in late 2007. It contains features including ProType Titling technology, Multicamera editing tools, 32-bit floating point video processing, Customizable window layouts, Improved HDV/SDI/XDCAM support and Mixing console window.

The 9.0 version was released in 2009. The color of the program is now black rather than white. It contains features including support for 4K resolution and native support for pro camcorder formats like Red and XDCAM EX. 

The latest 9.0 version was released in May 2010 called "Vegas Pro 9.0e" which includes a new white balance video effect.

The 10.0 version was released in October 2010 and is the latest version of the software. It contains new features including Stereoscopic 3D Editing, Comprehensive Closed Captioning, GPU-Accelerated AVC Encoding (Using NVIDIA CUDA), Image Stabilization, Audio Event FX, Track Management, OpenFX plugins support.

William Henry Bragg

Sir William Henry Bragg (2 July 1862 – 12 March 1942) was a British physicist, chemist, mathematician and active sportsman.

Bragg shared a Nobel Prize with his son William Lawrence Bragg – the 1915 Nobel Prize in Physics.

In 1885, at 23, Bragg was appointed Elder Professor of Mathematics and Experimental Physics at the University of Adelaide, and started work there early in 1886.

Bragg was an able and popular lecturer; he encouraged the formation of the student union, and the attendance, free of charge, of science teachers at his lectures.

Bragg was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1907.

Bragg returned to England at the end of 1908 and took the Cavendish Chair in Physics at the University of Leeds in 1909. He published an imporant early work on radioactivity, "Studies in radioactivity", in 1912.

He invented the X-ray spectrometer, and began work with his son. Together they founded the new technique of X-ray crystallography, for which they won the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1915. That year was also marked by their book "X-rays and crystal structure", the standard text for many years.

From 1914, both father and son contributed to the war effort; W.H. Bragg was connected with submarine detection, at Aberdour on Forth and at Harwich, and returned to London in 1918 as a consultant to the Admiralty.

Bragg was appointed Quain Professor of Physics at University College London in 1915, but did not take up his duties there until after World War I.

From 1923 he was Fullerian Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution and director of the Davy Faraday Research Laboratory. This institution was practically rebuilt in 1929-30 and, under Bragg's directorship, many valuable papers were issued from the laboratory.

Christine of France

Christine of France (Christine Marie; 10 February 1606 – 27 December 1663) was the second daughter of Henry IV of France and Marie de Medici. A sister of Louis XIII, she was married to the future Victor Amadeus I, Duke of Savoy in 1619 aged fourteen. She was said to be volatile and frivolous. Educated at the French court, she introduced French culture into Savoy. Her husband succeeded to the Savoyard throne in 1637 and thus Christine became Duchess of Savoy through marriage. At the death of Victor Amadeus I in 1637, Christine was created "regent" in the name of her son Francis Hyacinth. However, at the death of Francis Hyacinth in 1638, the throne went to her second surviving son who became Charles Emmanuel II. Officially regent till 1648, she maintained huge influence within the Savoyard government at the time which only ended at her death in 1663.

Christine was born in the Palais du Louvre in Paris and was the third child of King Henry IV of France and his second wife, Marie de' Medici. As a daughter of the king, she held the prestigious rank of "Fille de France". Baptised with the names "Christine Marie", she was known simply as Christine. She was a younger sister of Louis XIII of France and Élisabeth, a future queen of Spain. After the marriage of Princess Élisabeth in 1615 to the future Philip IV of Spain, Christine took on the honorary title of "Madame Royale" indicating her status as the eldest and most senior unmarried daughter at the court. She would be known as this till her own marriage.

She married Victor Amadeus of Savoy, on 10 February 1619 at the Louvre in Paris. Her husband was styled the Prince of Piedmont and as such she the Princess. Victor Amadeus was the eldest surviving son of Charles Emmanuel I, Duke of Savoy and Catherine Michelle of Austria the latter of which had died in 1597 as a result of childbirth. As such, Christine was the most senior female at the Savoyard court from the time of her arrival. Her husband was nineteen years older than she. Despite the age gap, the couple were happy and overall produced eight children, four of whom would survive childhood.

Victor Amadeus became Duke after the death of his father in July 1630. Her husband died in October 1637 having left Savoy with little money due to wars with Spain.

When her husband died in October 1637, she was created regent in the name of her son Francis Hyacinth who succeeded her husband. At the death of Francis Hyacinth in 1638, her second son succeeded as Charles Emmanuel II. As a result of Charles Emmanuel's age, Christine maintained her grip on power. Despite this, her brothers-in-law, Prince Maurice and his younger brother Prince Thomas Francis disputed Christine's power as she was a woman. They also had little trust in her French entourage. When Francis Hyacinth, the brothers started the Piedmontese Civil War, with Spanish support. There were two parties. The ""principisti"", supporters of the Princes, and the ""madamisti"", the supporters of Christine. During her regency, she styled herself "Madama Reale", Italian form of the style "Madame Royale" which she was known as prior to her marriage.

After four years of fighting, Christine was victorious thanks to French military support of her brother Louis XIII. Not only did she keep the duchy for her son, she also prevented France getting too much power within her sons dominions thus preserving power for herself. When peace was concluded in 1642, Prince Maurice married Christines eldest daughter Luisa Cristina to cement the peace. Christine stayed in control of Savoy, until her son could follow in her footsteps. Even though her formal regency ended in 1648, she remained ruler of Savoy till her death.

Christine was notorious as much for her capricious rule as for her many lovers. She lived an uninhibited private life and had relationships with the French Ambassador, Marini, her brother-in-law, Maurice as well as Count Filippo d'Aglié, a handsome courtier who remained faithful to her all her life. It was under her influence that her son married her niece, Françoise Madeleine d'Orléans in a proxy wedding. Knowing that Françoise Madeleine was so young and timid, it allowed Christine the opportunity to maintain her power over Savoy and her son. However, she died shortly after her sons wedding at the Palazzo Madama, her residence in Turin aged 57. She was buried at the Basilica of Sant'Andrea.

Françoise Madeleine died in 1664 childless. He remarried in 1666 to Marie Jeanne of Savoy. Marie Jeanne would give birth to Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia who would later marry another French Princess Anne Marie d'Orléans. 17 years after her death, in 1680, her granddaughter Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria married Louis XIII's grandson "Louis, Grand Dauphin" thus making Christine a direct ancestress of most royalty today. Revealed on NBC's 'Who Do You Think You Are?' that one of her descendants is model/actress Brooke Shields.

In her widowhood she lived at the "Palazzo Madama" which she had rebuilt. She was also organised the reconstruction of the Castello del Valentino as well as the additions to the Royal Palace of Turin. She would also later own "Vigno di Madama Reale", later the private residence of Anne Marie d'Orléans.



Victor Amadeus I, Duke of Savoy

Victor Amadeus I (8 May 1587 – 7 October 1637) was the Duke of Savoy from 1630 to 1637. He was also titular King of Cyprus and Jerusalem. He was also known as the "Lion of Susa". 

He was born in Turin to Charles Emmanuel I, Duke of Savoy and Catherine Micaela of Austria. He spent much of his childhood at the Spanish court in Madrid. When his brother Filippo Emanuele, Prince of Piedmont died, he became legitimate heir to the duchy and received the loyalty swore of the court at Racconigi on 21 January 1607.

After a crisis with relationships with Spain, he was married to Henry IV of France's daughter Christine Marie in 1619.

Victor Amadeus became Duke of Savoy after his father's death in 1630. Charles Emmanuel's policies had brought a great instability in the relationships with both France and Spain, and troops were needed to defend the Duchy. As money was lacking to recruit mercenaries or train indigenous soldiers, Victor Amadeus signed a peace treaty with Spain. With the Treaty of Cherasco, Savoy was given back Pinerolo, although, according to a secret point of the agreement, that important stronghold was to remain with France in exchange for Geneve.

On 25 September of that year, Victor Amadeus fell ill after a dinner offered by the Duke of Créqui. Carried to Turin, he died here on 7 October.



Alex Rider

Alex Rider is a series of spy books. It is written by British author Anthony Horowitz. The series is about a teenage spy named Alex Rider. The series is aimed at young adults. There are ten books in the series, but short stories and other books have been published too. The novels are published by Walker Books in the United Kingdom. The first novel, "Stormbreaker", was published in the United Kingdom on 4 September 2000 and was adapted into a movie in 2006. Over 10 million books in the Alex Rider series have been sold worldwide.

There are a total of 10 Alex rider books, and more to come.

Liebenauer Stadium

The Liebenauer Stadium (formerly known as Arnold Schwarzenegger stadium, or UPC-Arena) is a football stadium in Graz, Austria. It is the homeground of SK Sturm Graz.

The first stadium was built before the Second World War. In the 1950s it was renovated and expanded with a skating rink (now home of the ice hockey team Graz 99ers) and an indoor pool. In the 1970s it became home ground of the big football clubs of Graz, SK Sturm and Grazer AK.

The stadium was originally named after the bodybuilder, actor and Governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger who was born near Graz. It was built from 1994 to 1997 and was opened with the derby Grazer AK versus SK Sturm Graz. 

When Governor Schwarzenegger did not pardon a prisoner from death penalty a discussion started about the name. Governor Schwarzenegger took back the right to use his name. Now the name was Stadium Graz-Liebenau after the part of the town where it is. In 2006 the stadium was named UPC Arena after a sponsor of SK Sturm Graz. UPC is a big Austrian internet provider. Since April 2016 it is named Merkur-Arena. Merkur is a big insurance company in Austria.

The stadium has a capacity of 15 400 in 27 sectors. For Champions League matches the capacity is expanded to 16 000. The field has a lawn heating. Two video walls and floodlight are also in the arena.
The stadium was host for the national team of Austria versus Faroe Islands on 5 September 2009 which ended 3–1 for the home team. Altogether 14 matches of the national team were held here (The first one was in 1970 versus Yugoslavia). 

Also the match England versus Japan on 30 May 2010 was held in the arena. The English team had a training Camp in Styria for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. The match ended 2–1 to England. In 2011 it was one of the venues for the American Football world championship.

Jim Parsons

James Joseph "Jim" Parsons (born March 24, 1973) is an American actor and producer. Parsons is best known for playing the role of Sheldon Cooper in the television series, "The Big Bang Theory". In 2010, he won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Lead Actor In a Comedy Series" and in 2011, he won a Golden Globe Award for "Best Actor - Television Series - Musical or Comedy". Both of these awards were given to him for his role in "The Big Bang Theory".

According to The New York Times, Parsons is gay.



Johnny Galecki

John Mark "Johnny" Galecki (born April 30, 1975) is an Belgian-born American actor. Galecki is best known for playing the role of David Healy on "Roseanne" and Leonard Hofstadter on "The Big Bang Theory". 

Galecki was born in Bree, Belgium to American parents. He was raised in Oak Park, Illinois.

Galecki dated Kaley Cuoco who is his co-star on "The Big Bang Theory". They dated secretly for two years before they broke up.

In February 2012, it was revealed that Galecki was dating actress Kelli Garner since 2011.

Mortal Kombat: Annihilation

Mortal Kombat: Annihilation is an 1997 martial arts action/adventure movie that was produced by Lawrence Kasanoff and was directed by John R. Leonetti. It is based on the video game franchise, "Mortal Kombat" and is the sequel to the 1995 movie, "Mortal Kombat". "Mortal Kombat: Annihilation" was released on November 21, 1997 in North America, February 13, 1998 in the United Kingdom and on April 9, 1998 in Australia. The movie received negative reviews with a 7% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic gave it a 11 out of 100.


Litefoot

Gary Paul Davis (born March 1, 1969 in Upland, California), known by his stage name Litefoot, is an American rapper and actor. He is of Cherokee and Chichimeca descent. He was the first Native American person to rap and he called his style of music, "Tribalistic Funk". 

David is also an actor and acted in the movies The Indian in the Cupboard in 1995, in 1997, Kull the Conqueror in 1997 and Adaptation in 2002.


Bridesmaid

A bridesmaid is a member of the bride's group in a wedding. A bridesmaid is usually a young woman, and often a close friend or sister. She helps the bride on the day of a wedding or marriage ceremony. Traditionally, bridesmaids were chosen from unmarried young women who were old enough to be married.

The main bridesmaid may be called the chief bridesmaid or maid of honor if she is unmarried, or the matron of honor if she is married. A junior bridesmaid is a girl who is clearly too young to get married, but who is included as an honorary bridesmaid.

Wivenhoe

Wivenhoe is a town near Colchester, in Essex, England. It has a local football team called Wivenhoe town F.C. 

Witham

Witham is a town near the A12 road in Essex, England. In 2001 there were 22,470 people living in Witham.

Harwich

Harwich is a port town near the A120 road in Essex, England. In 2011 there were 17,684 people living in Harwich.

Harlow

Harlow is a former Mark One New Town and local government district in the west of Essex, England. It is on the border with Hertfordshire. Harlow is a large area of land on the south bank of the upper Stort Valley, which has been made navigable through other towns and features a canal section near its watermill. Old Harlow is a village-size suburb founded in the early medieval age and most of its high street buildings are early Victorian and residential, mostly protected by one of the Conservation Areas in the district. In Old Harlow is a field named Harlowbury, a de-settled monastic area which has the remains of a chapel, a scheduled ancient monument.

The M11 motorway passes through the east of the district, entirely to the east of the town. Harlow has its own commercial and leisure economy. It is also an outer part of the London commuter belt and employment centre of the M11 corridor which includes Cambridge and London Stansted to the north. 

Thaxted

Thaxted is a town in Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2,576 people living in Thaxted.

Halstead

Halstead is a town and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 11,053 people living in Halstead.

Coggeshall

Coggeshall is a town near the A120 road, in Essex, England. In 2001 there were 4,327 people living in Coggeshall.

Alice in Wonderland (2010 movie)

Alice in Wonderland is a 2010 British-American fantasy adventure movie with Mia Wasikowska, Johnny Depp, Helena Bonham Carter, Anne Hathaway, Crispin Glover, Michael Sheen, Matt Lucas, Barbara Windsor, Christopher Lee, Alan Rickman, Michael Gough and Stephen Fry.

It is based on the Disney film "Alice in Wonderland", which is based on "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, a" book written by Lewis Carroll. The score is by Danny Elfman.

Closing credits

Closing credits (or end credits) are shown at the end of a movie or television show. They usually say who the actors were in the movie. They also include who helped make the movie, such as the director and the producer.

2010 Winter Olympics closing ceremony

The closing ceremony of the 2010 Winter Olympics took place on February 28, 2010. It was held at the BC Place Stadium in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

Humanitarian aid

Humanitarian aid is aid given with respect of human dignity with a spirit of human nature to people in war, disaster including natural disaster and to refugees according to laws of war and international human rights law. To this end International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, UNICEF and Doctors Without Borders exist.


Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs

Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs is an organization of the United Nations for humanitarian aid started in 1991.


