Common cold

The common cold is caused by viruses. It spreads easily, so it is very infectious. The symptoms are mostly in the upper respiratory system. Its damage is mostly felt in the nose and throat. The symptoms include coughs, painful throat, runny nose and fever. These symptoms usually last seven to ten days, but sometimes up to three weeks. "Over two hundred different viruses can cause the common cold": that is why the details vary so much. Rhinoviruses are the most common cause.

The common cold mostly hurts the nose, pharynx, throat, and the sinuses (sinusitis). The symptoms come from the immune system's response to the infection, not from direct destruction by the viruses themselves. Hand washing is good, but the viruses also spread through moist air. Close contact with infected people is common in many cities. Wearing face masks might help, especially on any mass transit system (railways, underground, buses...).
If you have a case of the common cold, there will be a bacteria in the spit called Stretogen A or Stretogen B. These bacterias react when in contact with any clear weak acid. The clear colored liquid will turn to a brown color if positive. This method of testing has been replaced by symptom based diagnosis and you can be cured by using antibiotics.
There is no cure for the common cold, but the symptoms can be treated. It is the most frequent infectious disease in humans. The average person gets two to three colds every year. The average child gets between 6 and 12 colds every year. These colds have been with humans for as long as we have a history.

The most common symptoms of a cold are a cough, runny nose, a stuffy nose, and a sore throat. Other issues are sore muscles, feeling tired, headache, and not wanting to eat. Around 40% of people with colds have a sore throat, while around 50% have a cough. Muscle ache happens in about half of the cases. A fever is an uncommon symptom in adults, but it is common in infants and young children. The cough caused by a cold is usually mild compared to a cough caused by influenza (the flu). A cough and a fever indicate a higher likelihood of the flu in adults. A number of the viruses that cause the common cold may also result in no symptoms. The color of the mucus that is coughed up from the lungs (sputum) may vary in color from clear to yellow to green. This color does not indicate if an infection is caused by viruses or bacteria.

A cold usually begins with feeling tired, a feeling of being chilled, sneezing, and a headache. Additional symptoms such as runny nose and cough follow within two or more days. Symptoms typically reach their worst two to three days after the infection begins. Symptoms usually end after seven to ten days, but can last up to three weeks. The cough lasts for more than ten days in 35% to 40% of cases involving children. It lasts for more than 25 days in 10% of cases involving children.

The common cold is an easily spread infection of the upper respiratory tract. Rhinoviruses cause 30% to 80% of all cases. A rhinovirus is an RNA-containing virus. There are 99 known types of this kind of virus.

Other viruses can also cause the common cold. "Coronavirus" causes 10% to 15% of cases. The flu causes 5% to 15% of cases. Often, more than one virus is present and causing the infection. In total, over two hundred different viruses are associated with colds.

The common cold virus is usually spread in one of two main ways. By breathing or swallowing droplets in the air containing the virus; or by contacting infected nasal mucus or contaminated objects. The most common method of transmitting the cold virus has not been determined. The viruses may survive for a long time in the environment. Viruses may then be transmitted from the hands to the eyes or nose where infection occurs. People sitting close together appear at greater risk of becoming infected. Transmission is common in day cares and at schools, due to the closeness of many children with little immunity and frequently poor hygiene. These infections are then brought home to other members of the family. There is no evidence that the air on commercial flights transmits cold viruses. Rhinoviruses are most infectious in the first three days of cold symptoms. They are much less infectious afterwards.

The traditional theory was that the disease spread to someone staying too long in cold weather, rain, or winter conditions. This is how the disease got its name. The role of body cooling as a risk factor for the common cold is controversial. Some common cold viruses are seasonal, found more often in cold or wet weather. This is believed to mostly be due to more time spent indoors, close to each other; specifically children returning to school. Still, changes in the respiratory system may result in easier infections. Dry air may increase transmission rates by allowing small easily spread droplets to spread farther and stay in the air longer.

Herd immunity, immunity that occurs when an entire group of people become immune to a particular infection, occurs from previous exposure to cold viruses. Thus younger populations have greater rates of respiratory infections and older populations have lower rates of respiratory infections. Poor immune function is also a risk factor for disease. Lack of sleep and poor nutrition have also been associated with a greater risk of developing infection following rhinovirus exposure. This is believed to be due to their effects on immune function.

The symptoms of the common cold are believed to be mostly related to the immune response to the virus. The mechanism of this immune response is virus-specific. For example, the rhinovirus is typically acquired by direct contact. It binds to human ICAM-1 receptors through unknown methods to trigger the release of inflammatory mediators. These inflammatory mediators then produce the symptoms. It does not generally cause damage to the nasal epithelium.

In contrast, the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is contacted by both direct contact and airborne droplets. It then replicates in the nose and throat before frequently spreading to the lower respiratory tract. RSV does cause epithelium damage.

Human parainfluenza virus typically results in inflammation of the nose, throat, and airways. In young children, when it affects the trachea it may produce croup, a hoarse cough and difficulty breathing. This is due to the small size of the airway in children.

The distinction between different upper respiratory tract infections (URTIs) is loosely based on the location of the symptoms. The common cold primarily affects the nose, pharyngitis primarily affects the throat, and bronchitis primarily affects the lungs. The common cold is frequently defined as inflammation of the nose and may include varying amounts of throat inflammation. Self-diagnosis is common. Isolation of the actual viral agent involved is rarely performed. It is generally not possible to identify the specific virus through symptoms.

The only effective way to prevent the common cold is by physically preventing the spread of the viruses. This primarily includes hand washing and wearing face masks. In the health care environment, gowns and disposable gloves are also worn. Isolating infected individuals is not possible because the disease is so widespread and symptoms are not specific. Vaccination has proved difficult because there are so many viruses involved and the viruses undergo rapid change. Developing a broadly effective vaccine is very unlikely.

Regular hand washing reduces the spread of cold viruses. It is most effective and is especially recommended for use in children, due to a lack of evidence supporting the effectiveness of over-the-counter cold medicines for children, and due to the risk for harm from those medicines. In 2009, Canada restricted the use of over-the-counter cough and cold medication in children six years old and younger due to concerns regarding risks and unproven benefits. The misuse of dextromethorphan (an over-the-counter cough medicine) has led to its ban in a number of countries.

In adults, the symptoms of a runny nose can be reduced by first-generation antihistamines. However, first-generation antihistamines are associated with adverse side effects such as drowsiness. Other decongestants such as pseudoephedrine are also effective in adults. Ipratropium nasal spray may reduce the symptoms of a runny nose, but there is little effect on stuffiness. Second-generation antihistamines do not appear to be effective.

Due to the lack of studies, it is not known whether drinking more fluids improves symptoms or shortens respiratory illness. A similar lack of data exists for the use of heated humidified air. One study found chest vapor rub to be effective in providing some symptomatic relief of night-time cough, congestion, and sleep difficulty.

Antibiotics have no effect against viral infections and thus have no effect against the common cold. Antibiotics are often prescribed even though antibiotic side effects cause overall harm. Antibiotics are commonly prescribed because people expect doctors to prescribe them, and doctors want to help people. Prescribing antibiotics also happens because it is difficult to exclude causes of infection that may be managed by antibiotics. There are no effective antiviral drugs for the common cold, even though some preliminary research has shown benefit.

While there are many alternative treatments used for the common cold, there is not enough scientific evidence to support the use of most treatments. As of 2010, there is not enough evidence to recommend for or against either honey or nasal irrigation. Zinc supplements may reduce the severity and duration of symptoms when taken within 24 hours of their onset. The effect of vitamin C on the common cold, while extensively researched, is disappointing. Evidence about the usefulness of echinacea is inconsistent. Different types of echinacea supplements may vary in their effectiveness.

The common cold is generally mild and goes away on its own with most symptoms improving in one week. Severe complications, if they occur, are usually in the very old, the very young, or those who are immunosuppressed (have a weakened immune system). Secondary bacterial infections may occur resulting in sinusitis, pharyngitis, or an ear infection. It is estimated that sinusitis occurs in 8% of cases. Ear infections occur in 30% of cases.

The common cold is the most common human disease and people are affected all around the world. Adults typically have two to five infections per year. Children may have six to ten colds per year (and up to twelve colds per year for school children). Rates of symptomatic infections increase in the elderly due to a weakening immune system.

While the cause of the common cold has been known since only the 1950s, the disease has been with humanity since ancient times. Its symptoms and treatment are described in the Egyptian Ebers papyrus, the oldest existing medical text, written before the 16th century BC. The name "common cold" came into use in the 16th century, due to the similarity between its symptoms and those of exposure to cold weather.

In the United Kingdom, the Common Cold Unit (CCU) was set up by the Medical Research Council in 1946, and it was here that the rhinovirus was discovered in 1956. In the 1970s, the CCU demonstrated that treatment with interferon during the incubation phase of rhinovirus infection provided some protection against the disease. No practical treatment could be developed. The unit was closed in 1989, two years after it completed research of zinc gluconate lozenges in the prevention and treatment of rhinovirus colds. Zinc was the only successful treatment developed in the history of the CCU.

The economic impact of the common cold is poorly understood in much of the world. In the United States, the common cold leads to 75 million to 100 million physician visits annually, costing at least $7.7 billion per year (by conservative cost estimates). Americans spend $2.9 billion on over-the-counter (OTC) drugs. Americans spend an additional $400 million on prescription medicines for symptomatic relief. More than one-third of people who saw a doctor received an antibiotic prescription. The use of antibiotic prescriptions has implications for antibiotic resistance. An estimated 22 million to 189 million school days are missed each year due to a cold. As a result, parents missed 126 million workdays to stay home to care for their children. When added to the 150 million workdays missed by employees suffering from a cold, the total economic impact of cold-related work loss exceeds $20 billion per year. This accounts for 40% of time lost from work in the United States.

A number of antivirals have been tested for effectiveness in the common cold. As of 2009, none have been both found effective and licensed for use. There are ongoing trials of the antiviral drug pleconaril. It shows promise against picornaviruses. There are also ongoing trials of BTA-798. The oral form of pleconaril had safety issues and an aerosol form is being studied.

Researchers from the University of Maryland, College Park and the University of Wisconsin–Madison have mapped the genome for all known virus strains that cause the common cold.


Qajar dynasty

The Qajar dynasty (Azerbaijani: Qacarlar) (Persian: سلسله قاجار), was an Iranian dynasty that originated from the Turkic Qajar tribe. It ruled Iran from 1789 to 1925.


Zenwalk Linux

Zenwalk (formerly Minislack), or Zenwalk Linux, is a Linux distribution started by Jean-Philippe Guillemin. It was at first based on Slackware. Since its creation, the distribution has become very different from Slackware while still still being able to use its binary packages. Zenwalk aims to be a Linux distribution with many uses by focusing on Internet applications, multimedia and programming tools.

The Zenwalk Project aims to create a Linux operating system that can be used on old and slow computers through the use of the latest software available for a stable release, optimization for a specific processor architecture to increase execution speed, and introduces a very powerful package management system with dependency resolution.

There are four main versions of Zenwalk:

Zenwalk (full version ~ 420 MB iso download) is a distribution aimed at mainstream desktop use. Designed to be a stand-alone operating system, it installs to the hard drive by way of a ncurses-based installer. It includes all of the officially released software packages that are deemed most useful for their tasks. This collection may change with every release.

Zenwalk Core (~ 230 MB iso download) is a Zenwalk system built with customization in mind. Released with no X Window System binaries, its aim is to allow a skilled user to build a system fit for his or her needs. The project's lead developer is Emmanuel Bailleul.

ZenLive (~ 476 MB iso download) is a Zenwalk system built on a Live CD design. ZenLive follows the progress made by the full Zenwalk system closely, thus mirroring the version number, and attempts to stay true to the original distribution's goals. In addition, it includes all of the necessary libraries and applications to develop and compile software, a particularly rare feature in Live CD distributions. Project members include Pierrick Le Brun, creator, Mauricio Tricoli, project lead, and Michael Verret, artwork.

Zenserver (~ 263 MB iso download) is a Zenwalk Core-derived system specifically designed for servers. The main goals are to create a secure, reliable, easy to use, easy to configure, expandable and dependable server operating system, in the best Zenwalk tradition. The distribution development team is led by Teran McKinney.

There are currently four Zenwalk-based distributions:



Thermodynamic equilibrium

In thermodynamics, a thermodynamic system is said to be in thermodynamic equilibrium when it is in thermal equilibrium, mechanical equilibrium, radiative equilibrium, and chemical equilibrium. The local state of a system at thermodynamic equilibrium is determined by the values of its intensive parameters, as pressure, temperature, etc. Specifically, thermodynamic equilibrium is characterized by the minimum of a thermodynamic potential.


Thermodynamic potential

In thermodynamics, thermodynamic potentials are parameters associated with a thermodynamic system and have the dimensions of energy. They are called "potentials" because in a sense, they describe the amount of potential energy in a thermodynamic system when it is subjected to certain constraints. The different potentials correspond to different constraints to which the system may be subjected. The four most common thermodynamic potentials are:

where "T" = temperature, "S" = entropy, "p" = pressure, "V" = volume. The Helmholtz free energy is often denoted by the symbol "F", but the use of "A" is preferred by IUPAC (See Alberty, 2001). formula_1 is the number of particles of type "i" in the system. For the sake of completeness, the set of all formula_1 are also included as natural variables, although they are sometimes ignored.

Thermodynamic potentials are very useful when calculating the equilibrium results of a chemical reaction, or when measuring the properties of materials in a chemical reaction. The chemical reactions usually take place under some simple constraints such as constant pressure and temperature, or constant entropy and volume, and when this is true, there is a corresponding thermodynamic potential which comes into play. Just as in mechanics, the system will tend towards lower values of potential and at equilibrium, under these constraints, the potential will take on an unchanging minimum value. The thermodynamic potentials can also be used to estimate the total amount of energy available from a thermodynamic system under the appropriate constraint.


Thermal efficiency

The thermal efficiency (formula_1) is a dimensionless performance measure of a thermal device such as an internal combustion engine, a boiler, or a furnace, for example.

The input, formula_2, to the device is heat, or the heat-content of a fuel that is consumed. The desired output is mechanical work, formula_3, or heat, formula_4, or possibly both. Because the input heat normally has a real financial cost, a memorable, generic definition of thermal efficiency is

formula_5

From the first and second law of thermodynamics, the output can not exceed what is input, so

formula_6

When expressed as a percentage, the thermal efficiency must be between 0% and 100%. Due to inefficiencies such as friction, heat loss, and other factors, thermal efficiencies are typically much less than 100%. For example, a typical gasoline automobile engine operates at around 25% thermal efficiency, and a large coal-fueled electrical generating plant peaks at about 36%. In a combined cycle plant thermal efficiencies are approaching 60%.

When transforming thermal energy into mechanical energy, the thermal efficiency of a heat engine is the percentage of energy that is transformed into work. Thermal efficiency is defined as

formula_7,

or via the first law of thermodynamics to substitute waste heat rejection for the work produced,

formula_8.

For example, when 1000 joules of thermal energy is transformed into 300 joules of mechanical energy (with the remaining 700 joules dissipated as waste heat), the thermal efficiency is 30%.

For an energy conversion device like a boiler or furnace, the thermal efficiency is

formula_9.

So, for a boiler that produces 210 kW (or 700,000 BTU/h) output for each 300 kW (or 1,000,000 BTU/h) heat-equivalent input, its thermal efficiency is 210/300 = 0.70, or 70%. This means that the 30% of the energy is lost to the environment.

An electric resistance heater has a thermal efficiency of at or very near 100%, so, for example, 1500W of heat are produced for 1500W of electrical input. When comparing heating units, such as a 100% efficient electric resistance heater to an 80% efficient natural gas-fueled furnace, energy prices must be compared to find the lower cost.

Heat pumps, refrigerators, and air conditioners, for example, move heat, rather than convert it, so other measures are needed to describe their thermal performance. The common measures are the coefficient-of-performance (COP), energy-efficiency ratio (EER), and seasonal-energy-efficiency ratio (SEER).

The Efficiency of a Heat pump (HP) and Refrigerators (R)*:

formula_10

formula_11

formula_12

If temperatures at both ends of the Heat Pump or Refrigerator are constant and their processes reversible:

formula_13

formula_14

The 'thermal efficiency' is sometimes called the energy efficiency. In the United States, in everyday usage the SEER is the more common measure of energy efficiency for cooling devices, as well as for heat pumps when in their heating mode. For energy-conversion heating devices their peak steady-state thermal efficiency is often stated, e.g., 'this furnace is 90% efficient', but a more detailed measure of seasonal energy effectiveness is the Annual Fuel Utilization Efficiency (AFUE).


Thermodynamic state

A thermodynamic state is the macroscopic condition of a thermodynamic system as described by its particular thermodynamic parameters. The state of any thermodynamic system can be described by a set of thermodynamic parameters, such as temperature, pressure, density, composition, independently of its surroundings or history.

The parameters required to specify the state depend on the characteristics of the system. There is an optimal ensemble of parameters that uniquely specify the state, and all other parameters can be derived from these. The "state postulate" says that the state of a simple compressible system is completely specified by two independent, intensive properties.



Thermal physics

Thermal physics is the combined study of thermodynamics, statistical mechanics, and kinetic theory. This umbrella-subject is typically designed for physics students. It gives a general introduction to each of the three core heat-related subjects. Some people define thermal physics loosely as only thermodynamics and statistical mechanics.

Thermal physics is the study of the statistical nature of physical systems from an energy perspective. Starting with heat and temperature, thermal physics analyzes the first law of thermodynamics and second law of thermodynamics from the statistical perspective, in terms of the number of microstates corresponding to a given macrostate. In addition, the concept of entropy is studied via quantum theory.

A central topic in thermal physics is the canonical probability distribution. The electromagnetic nature of photons and phonons are studied which show that the oscillations of electromagnetic fields and of crystal lattices have much in common. Waves form a basis for both, provided one incorporates quantum theory.

Other topics studied in thermal physics include: chemical potential, the quantum nature of an ideal gas, i.e. in terms of fermions and bosons, Bose-Einstein condensation, Gibbs free energy, Helmholtz free energy, chemical equilibrium, phase equilibrium, the equipartition theorem, entropy at absolute zero, and transport processes as mean free path, viscosity, and conduction.

There are two types of thermodynamic instruments, the meter and the reservoir. A thermodynamic meter is any device which measures any parameter of a thermodynamic system. In some cases, the thermodynamic parameter is defined in terms of an idealized measuring instrument. The zeroth law states that if two bodies are in thermodynamic equilibrium with a third body, they are also in thermodynamic equilibrium with each other. This principle, as noted by James Maxwell in 1872, asserts that it is possible to measure temperature. An idealized thermometer is a sample of an ideal gas at constant pressure.

A thermodynamic reservoir is a system which is so large that it does not appreciably alter its state parameters when brought into contact with the test system.

It is important that these two types of instruments are distinct. A meter does not perform its task accurately if it behaves like a reservoir of the state variable it is trying to measure. If, for example, a thermometer, were to act as a temperature reservoir it would alter the temperature of the system being measured, and the reading would be incorrect. Ideal meters have no effect on the state variables of the system they are measuring.



Statistical mechanics

Statistical mechanics is the application of probability theory, which includes mathematical tools for dealing with large populations, to the field of mechanics, which is concerned with the motion of particles or objects when subjected to a force.

It provides a framework for relating the microscopic properties of individual atoms and molecules to the macroscopic or bulk properties of materials that can be observed in everyday life, therefore explaining thermodynamics as a natural result of statistics and mechanics (classical and quantum) at the microscopic level. In particular, it can be used to calculate the thermodynamic properties of bulk materials from the spectroscopic data of individual molecules.

This ability to make macroscopic predictions based on microscopic properties is the main asset of statistical mechanics over thermodynamics. Both theories are governed by the second law of thermodynamics through the medium of entropy. However, entropy in thermodynamics can only be known empirically, whereas in statistical mechanics, it is a function of the distribution of the system on its micro-states.



Kinetic theory

Kinetic theory or "kinetic theory of gases" attempts to explain overall properties of gases, such as pressure, temperature, or volume, by considering their molecular composition and motion. The theory basically states that pressure is not caused by molecules pushing each other away, like earlier scientists thought. Instead, pressure is caused by the molecules colliding with each other and their container. Kinetic theory is also known as "kinetic-molecular theory" or "collision theory".

There are three main components to kinetic theory:


The main postulate of this theory are--
1.The particles attract each other with a force. This force is called cohesive force if the particles are of same kind and adhesive force when particles are of different kinds.
2. All matter is composed of small particles called molecules. (Atoms or ions as the situation demands).
3. The particles are in a state of unending motion (continuous motion) and as such have kinetic energy.
4. with the supply of heat energy (thermal energy) to matter, the kinetic energy of a particle increase, i.e., they start moving more vigorously. Reverse happens if the matter is cooled.i.e., heat energy is taken out of it.
5. The force of attraction between the particles decreases, if the distance between them increases and vice versa.

Last updated Sat,16 May 2020
9:00 pm
By Rachit Vishwakarma


Frik

Frik was an Armenian poet who lived in the 13th and 14th centuries, at the time of Mongolian control over Armenia.

Mongolian

Mongolian might mean:


Yeghishe Charents

Yeghishe Charents (born Yeghishe Soghomonian, ) (13 March 1897, Kars - 29 November 1937, Yerevan) was an Armenian poet killed in Stalin's purges.

From 1904 to 1912 Yeghishe Soghomonian he was at school in Kars. Amid the upheavals of the First World War and the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire, he volunteered in 1915 for the Caucasian Front. In 1917-1918 he was in Karin Erzurum during the bitter fighting. Some of his experiences would later appear in his poetry.

Yeghishe Charents (Soghomonian), one of the nation's favourite poets - a famous philanderer who apparently sought the USSR Kremlin's favours - produced a now famous poem called "The Message". Its praise of Uncle Joe might grind the average set of teeth down to the gum; it included the following: "A new light shone on the world... It is only this sunlight/Which for centuries will stay alive." And more of the same.

Undiscovered by the USSR Kremlin's censors for many months, however, Charents (1897 - 1937) had used the first letter of each line to frame a quite different "message", which read: "O Armenian people, your only salvation is in the power of your unity." Whoops! Like the distant Mount Ararat, it was a brave, hopeless symbol, as doomed as it was impressive. Yeghishe Charents was "disappeared" by the NKVD (KGB) in 1937 after being denounced by the architect Alexsandr Tamanyan - now hard at work building Yerevan's new Stalinist opera house - the moment Yeghishe Charents' schoolboy prank was spotted. Then Alexsandr Tamanyan fell from the roof of his still unfinished opera house, and even today Armenians - with their Arab-like desire to believe in "заговор" the plot - ask the obvious questions.

"Three songs to the sad and pale girl", poems (1914)
"Blue-eyed Homeland", poem (1915)
"Soma", poem (1918) Yerevan
"Charents-Name", poem (1922)
"Uncle Lenin", poem (1924)
"Country of Nayiri" (Yerkir Nayiri) (1926)
"Epical Sunrise", poems (1930)
"Book of the Way", poems (1934)



Kars

Kars (, ) is a city in northeast Turkey and is the capital of the Kars Province, before at the head of a sanjak in the Turkish vilayet of Erzurum. Population: 8,672 (1878); 20,891 (1897); 54,000 (1970); 142,145 (1990); 130,361 (2000).

The early history of Kars is little known, beyond that it had its own dynasty of Armenian rulers and was the capital of a region known as Vanand. At some point in the 9th century (at least by 888) it became part of the territory of the Armenian Bagratids. From 928 to 961 Kars became the capital of their kingdom. It was during this period that the cathedral, later known as the Church of the Apostles, was built.

Kars Province

Kars is a province of Turkey. It is in the northeastern part of the country. It shares part of its border with the Republic of Armenia. 

From 1878 until 1917 most of the present-day Turkish province of Kars was part of the Russian oblast of Kars. 

In 1919 and 1920 the province came under the control of the Democratic Republic of Armenia as the Vanand province (with the city of Kars as its capital). Its territory was ceded to Turkey by the Soviet Union in the Treaty of Kars. 

Kars province is divided into 8 districts ("ilçe"), each named after the administrative center of the district:

There are 383 villages in Kars.


Manny Gamburyan

Manvel Gamburyan (was born in 1981) is a mixed martial artist with a history in judo. Manvel was chosen as a participant on the reality show "The Ultimate Fighter 5". He fights on Jens Pulver's team. Manny defeated Noah Thomas in the preliminary round.

In May, 1991, Manvel's family relocated from Armenia to United States. Shortly after his arrival, Manvel began training in judo at Gokor Chivichyan's Hayastan MMA Academy and quickly became one of the top judokas in the country, winning junior nationals less than two years later. He went on to win junior nationals eight times, the junior Olympics once, and was a member of the 2000 judo junior world team.


The Mickey Mouse Club

The Mickey Mouse Club was an American variety television series that began in 1955, ran intermittently, and left the air in 1996. It was directed by Walt Disney Productions.

Over the years, the series featured many stellar teenage performers including Annette Funicello, Britney Spears, and Justin Timberlake. The original series ran newsreels, cartoons, talent segments, and Disney produced serials such as The Hardy Boys with Tommy Kirk and Tim Considine.

"Mickey Mouse Club" was hosted by Jimmie Dodd, a songwriter and the Head Mouseketeer. He provided leadership both on and off screen. In addition to his other contributions, he often provided short segments encouraging young viewers to make the right moral choices. These little sermons became known as "Doddisms".


Fanta

Fanta is an orange soda drink. It was created in Germany in 1940. 

Fanta was created during World War II in Nazi Germany by the German Coca-Cola (GmbH) bottling company. Because of the war, there was no shipping between Nazi Germany and the United States. Therefore, the German bottling plant could no longer get Coca-Cola syrup. The manager of the plant, Max Keith, needed to do something to keep the plant going. He came up with a fruit-flavored drink made from whatever he could find. Using apple fiber leftover from lollipops and whey, from cheesemakers, Fanta was created and became quite popular. The original German Fanta had a red-orange color from beets and tasted different from today's Fanta Orange; the flavor would change during the war, depending on what ingredients could be found.

Back in America, the Coca-Cola Company—led by Robert Woodruff—did not discourage this. The company sponsored the 1936 Berlin Olympics, which Woodruff attended, and made banners featuring the Coca-Cola logo alongside the Hooked cross/ Hakenkreuz. Keith used a 10th anniversary party for Coca-Cola GmbH to order a mass Sieg-Heil (Nazi salute) in honor of the dictator’s 50th birthday. He declared that this was “to commemorate our deepest admiration for our Fuhrer.”

The name 'Fanta' came during an employee contest to name the new beverage. Keith told them to let their Fantasie (German for imagination) run wild. On hearing that, salesman Joe Knipp thought of the name "Fanta".

After the war, Fanta was brought to the United States by Coca-Cola, and in 1960 they bought the trademark. Fanta Orange is the most popular Fanta flavor. It is available in 180 countries. Fanta is more popular in Europe and South America than in the United States.
There are over 90 different flavors worldwide. Most of them are only available by region in some countries. For example, in Romania (and some other countries), there is "Fanta Shokata" based on the traditional Romanian drink "Socată". This drink is made from Elderflower. In Switzerland and the Netherlands the local fruit, blackcurrant is used to make Fanta as well. Some identical flavors have different names in different markets. “The classic orange”, for example, was renamed "Fanta Funky Orange" in 2003 for the Nordic countries and Belgium, while other countries have kept the older "Fanta Orange" brand name. As of the year 2005, the Fanta brand has been connected with the word "Bambaacha" (or "Bamboocha"), which is often seen in the Fanta commercials. TaB diet Cola was originally produced by the Fanta division of Coca-Cola. It was available in different non-cola flavors as well. Later in 2005, Fanta branched out into new Fanta Zero (diet versions) varieties in Great Britain and in other countries as well.

Parameter

In some non-technical contexts or in jargon, "parameter" may simply be a synonym for criterion.

In mathematics, statistics, and the mathematical sciences, parameters (L: "auxiliary measure") are quantities that define certain relatively constant characteristics of systems or functions.

Most commonly represented θ in general form, other symbols carry standard, specific meanings. When evaluating the function over a domain or determining the response of the system over a period of time, the independent variables are modulated, while the parameters are held constant. The function or system may then be reevaluated or reprocessed with different parameters, to give a function or system with different behavior.

Loosely speaking, the term parameter is used for an argument which is intermediate in status between a variable and a constant.



Suppose that you and a friend are both working for the same boss making the same money working the same hours, that the formula would become:

In engineering (especially involving data acquisition) the term "parameter" sometimes loosely refers to an individual measured item. For example, an airliner flight data recorder may record 88 different items, each termed a parameter. This usage is not consistent, as sometimes the term "channel" refers to an individual measured item, with "parameter" referring to the setup information about that channel.

"Speaking generally, properties are those physical quantities which directly describe the physical attributes of the system; parameters are those combinations of the properties which suffice to determine the response of the system. Properties can have all sorts of dimensions, depending upon the system being considered; parameters are dimensionless, or have the dimension of time or its reciprocal." John D. Trimmer, 1950, Response of Physical Systems (New York: Wiley), p. 13.

The term can also be used in engineering contexts, however, as it is typically used in the physical sciences. The data that one computer program gives to another are sometimes called parameters.

Agavaceae

Agavaceae is a family of plants. Many of these plants grow in dry, hot climates. Some grow in the desert. Well-known plants of this family are the agave, yucca, and Joshua tree. The family includes about 550-600 species in around 18 genera. It is widespread in the tropical, subtropical and warm temperate regions of the world.

It is not quite clear how large the family really is. There are genera which some biologists leave out of the family. This includes for example "Cordyline" and "Dracaena", which are sometimes separated off into a separate family, Dracaenaceae. Recent research has tended to incorporate these into a larger family Ruscaceae, though. "Nolina", "Beaucarnea", and "Dasylirion" are sometimes recognized as Nolinaceae or placed in Ruscaceae. Conversely, data from molecular systematics now suggest that Agavaceae should be broadened to include a number of genera previously classified elsewhere. Among them are "Chlorogalum", "Camassia" and the family Anthericaceae. This would enlarge the family with anything up to 22 genera. The Angiosperm Phylogeny Group's APG II classification places Agavaceae, along with a number of other families (including Ruscaceae) in an expanded family Asparagaceae. However, APG II allows the alternative of keeping some of these families, including Agavaceae, separate. In this case, it recommends expanding the family to include the genera currently classified in Anemarrhenaceae, Anthericaceae (with "Anthericum" and "Paradisea"), Behniaceae and Herreriaceae. Most references have retained Agavaceae (in varying circumscriptions) as a family distinct from Asparagaceae. "Hesperocallis", sometimes placed in its own family, Hesperocallideaceae, has recently been shown to be closely related and its inclusion in Agavaceae has been recommended (Pires et al. 2004).

Some species are succulent. In general, Agavaceae leaves occur as rosettes at the end of a woody stem, which may range from extremely short to tree-like heights, as in the Joshua tree. The leaves are parallel-veined, and usually appear long and pointed, often with a hardened spine on the end, and sometimes with additional spines along the margins.

"Agave" species are used to make pulque and mezcal, while others are valued for their fibres. They are quite popular for xeriscaping, many types having showy flowers.



Succulent plant

Succulent plants are plants that have adapted to very dry climate. They have adapted in such a way that they can store water, either in their leaves, stems or roots. 

Often, they look different than plants that do not do this. Their leaves may look fleshy. Almost all cacti are succulents. Not all succulents are cacti. Other plant families with this property are the Agavaceae (Agave family), Azioaceae and Crassulaceae. Other well-known succulents are the Aloe and the bottle tree.

Lu Xun (Three Kingdoms)

Lu Xun (183-254) was a general in Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period in ancient China.

He showed his skills by helping defeat Guan Yu with the Wei army. Sun Quan saw his potential and promoted him to main strategist in the Wu army after the death of Lu Meng. He showed his talents at Yiling where his tactics and fire attack lead Wu to victory. He soon developed a name for himself when at Hefei castle his tactics crushed Wei and Cao Pi leaving only Shu and Liu Bei's son Liu Chan alive, who retreated and Wu gained full control of the land.

List of Jupiter's moons

There are 95 known moons of Jupiter, as of 1 November 2023. Jupiter has the second largest number of moons of any planet in the Solar System.

The most massive of the moons are the four Galilean moons, which were independently discovered in 1610 by Galileo Galilei and Simon Marius. They were the first objects found to orbit a body that was neither Earth nor the Sun. The Galilean moons are by far the largest and most massive objects to orbit Jupiter. The other 91 known moons and the rings together make up just 0.003% of the total orbiting mass. The four are Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto. They are roughly the same size as Earth's moon, some are a bit bigger, some are smaller.

From the end of the 19th century, dozens of much smaller Jovian moons have been discovered. All these are less than in diameter, with most barely exceeding . Their orbital shapes range from nearly perfectly circular to highly eccentric and inclined. Many revolve in the direction "opposite to Jupiter's spin" (retrograde motion). Orbital periods range from seven hours (taking less time than Jupiter does to spin around its axis), to some three thousand times more (almost three Earth years). 

This list starts with those that go around Jupiter (orbit) the fastest. That is, they have the shortest orbital period. Moons highlighted in purple are the "Galilean moons," moons highlighted in dark gray have a retrograde orbit, and moons with the regular white background have a prograde orbit. 

Moons of Saturn

The planet Saturn has 146 named moons, and another 29 which are still being studied. Many of the moons are very small: 33 are less than in diameter and thirteen moons are less than . Many of the moons are named after Titans, Giants, or minor Greek or Roman gods. Some of Saturn

Very recently, there have been 20 new discoveries of moons on Saturn that have not yet been named.
The following objects (observed by "Cassini") have not been confirmed as solid bodies. It is not yet clear if these are real satellites or merely persistent clumps within the F Ring.

Two moons were claimed to be discovered by different astronomers but never seen again. Both moons were said to orbit between Titan and Hyperion.

Notes

Vande Mataram

Vande Mataram is the national slogan and national marching song of India. It is not to be confused with the national anthem of India. The lyrics were written by Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay, in a mix of Sanskrit and Bengali. The song was written in 1876, but published in 1882. The title means "Long live the Mother[land]". The first version of the Flag of India had "वन्दे मातरम्" (Vande Mataram) written on it.

Jana Gana Mana was chosen over "Vande Mataram" as the National Anthem of independent India in January 24, 1950, although before this date, "Vande Mataram" was treated as such. Vande Mataram was rejected because it offended Muslims by calling India "Mother Durga" (a Hindu goddess), equating the nation with Hinduism, and by its origin as part of "Anandamatha", a book they felt had an anti-Muslim message.

Mother, I salute thee! 
Rich with thy hurrying streams,
bright with orchard gleams, 
Cool with thy winds of delight, 
Green fields waving Mother of might, 
Mother free.

Glory of moonlight dreams, 
Over thy branches and lordly streams, 
Clad in thy blossoming trees, 
Mother, giver of ease 
Laughing low and sweet! 
Mother I kiss thy feet, 
Speaker sweet and low! 
Mother, to thee I bow.

Who hath said thou art weak in thy lands 
When swords flash out in seventy million hands 
And seventy million voices roar 
Thy dreadful name from shore to shore? 
With many strengths who art mighty and stored, 
To thee I call Mother and Lord! 
Thou who saves, arise and save! 
To her I cry who ever her foe drove 
Back from plain and sea 
And shook herself free.

Thou art wisdom, thou art law, 
Thou art heart, our soul, our breath 
Though art love divine, the awe 
In our hearts that conquers death. 
Thine the strength that nerves the arm, 
Thine the beauty, thine the charm. 
Every image made divine 
In our temples is but thine.

Thou art Durga, Lady and Queen, 
With her hands that strike and her 
swords of sheen, 
Thou art Lakshmi lotus-throned, 
And the Muse a hundred-tone, 
Pure and perfect without peer, 
Mother lend thine ear, 
Rich with thy hurrying streams, 
Bright with thy orchard gleems, 
Dark of hue O candid-fair

In thy soul, with jewelled hair 
And thy glorious smile divine, 
Loveliest of all earthly lands, 
Showering wealth from well-stored hands! 
Mother, mother mine! 
Mother sweet, I bow to thee, 
Mother great and free!

वन्दे मातरम्
सुजलां सुफलां मलयजशीतलाम्
सस्य श्यामलां मातरम् |
शुभ्र ज्योत्स्ना पुलकित यामिनीम्
फुल्ल कुसुमित द्रुमदलशोभिनीम्,
सुहासिनीं सुमधुर भाषिणीम्
सुखदां वरदां मातरम् ||

Mother, I salute thee!
Rich with thy hurrying streams,
bright with orchard gleams,
Cool with thy winds of delight,
Green fields waving Mother of might,
Mother thee

Www.nationalsong.in


List of Uranus' moons

This is a list of the 27 moons of Uranus. They are listed by how long they take to orbit (go around once) Uranus. They are all named after characters created by William Shakespeare and Alexander Pope.

List of Neptune's moons

Neptune has a total of 16 known moons. The largest moon is Triton, which was discovered by William Lassell just seventeen days after Neptune was found. One hundred years later, the second moon, Nereid was found. The Hubble Telescope found the 14th moon in 2013.

Most of Neptune's moons are named after sea nymphs.

Neptune has moons which have unusual orbits. Triton, the largest moon of Neptune, has a retrograde orbit (which means Triton orbits or moves the opposite way from how Neptune spins).

Two moons, Psamathe (discovered in 2002) and Neso (discovered in 2003), are unusual because they have the largest orbits for any moons discovered in the solar system so far. They take about 25 years to make one orbit and are 125 times more distant from Neptune than our Moon is from Earth.

Many astronomers and scientists think that Neptune's inner moons were not original bodies that formed with Neptune, but were remains of debris from Triton that slowly came together. Other scientists think that when Triton was executed in space by Neptune, Triton's mass and odd orbit caused Neptune's original moons to be destroyed by gravity, only to be reformed after Triton formed a stable orbit.

While many astronomers agree that Triton was not an original moon of Neptune, some think that Triton was captured in a "three-body-encounter". What must have happened was that Triton was part of a binary pair with another unknown celestial body. The pair was then captured but Triton survived and the other object being affected by Neptune's gravity.

Halimede, discovered in 2002, was perhaps a piece of Nereid when the moon was hit with another object. Both moons seemed to have the same gray colors. Also Halimede was also calculated that the moon had a high chance of colliding with Nereid in the past.

The Neptunian moons are listed here by its orbital period, from shortest to longest. Triton, which is not only massive enough for its surface to have collapsed into a sphere, but is comparable in size to our own moon, is highlighted in purple. Irregular (captured) moons are shown in grey; prograde in light grey and retrograde in dark grey. (Triton is also thought to be captured.)

The picture at the right shows the orbits of Neptune's irregular moons discovered so far. The eccentricity of the orbits is represented by the yellow segments (extending from the pericentre to the apocentre) with the inclination represented on Y axis. The satellites above the X axis are prograde, the satellites beneath are retrograde. The X axis is labelled in Gm (million km) and the fraction of the Hill sphere's (gravitational influence) radius (~116 Gm for Neptune).

Given the similarity of their orbits, it was suggested that Neso and Psamathe could have a common origin in the break-up of a larger moon.

Triton, the biggest moon following a retrograde but a quasi-circular orbit, also thought to be a captured satellite, is not shown. Nereid, on a prograde but very eccentric orbit is believed to be "scattered" during Triton's capture.

Some asteroids also have the same names as moons of Neptune: 74 Galatea, 1162 Larissa.

Note that Triton did not have an official name until the twentieth century. Although the name was suggested in 1880 by Camille Flammarion, it did not come into regular use until at least the 1930s. Usually, it was simply known as "the satellite of Neptune" (the second satellite, Nereid, was not discovered until 1949). One of the 16 moons is called Neptune.



King (chess)

The king is the most valuable chess piece in a game of chess. It can move left, right, up, down or diagonally. It can only move one square at a time. When recording chess games, king is shortened to K.

The object of the game is to checkmate (capture the king). If a player's king is attacked by an opponent's piece, it is called check. The player with the attacked king "must" move so that the king is no longer in check. If the king cannot do this, it is in checkmate, and that side loses the game.
With a rook, the king may make a special move called 'castling'. This is when the king moves two squares toward one of its rooks and then the rook is placed on the other side of the king. Castling consists of moving the king two squares on its first rank toward either one of the first rooks, then moving the rook onto the square over which the king crossed. Castling is only allowed when the king nor the castling rook has moved already, when no squares between them are occupied, when the king is not in check, and when the king will not move across or end its movement on a square that puts the king in check.

If a player's move places the opponent's king under attack, that king is "in check", and the player in check is made to stop the attack. There are three possible ways to remove the king from check:

If none of these three ways are possible, the player's king has been "checkmated" and the player with the checkmated king loses the game.

A stalemate is when the player to move has no legal move, but is not in check. 

In the opening and middlegame, the king will mostly not play an active role in the development of an attacking or position. Instead, a player will usually castle and find safety on the edge of the board behind pawns. In the endgame, however, the king may comes out of hiding to play an active role as an offensive piece as well as helping in the promotion of their remaining pawns. 


Work (thermodynamics)

In thermodynamics, work transfer is an energy transfer in which temperature is not considered during energy transfer. Unit is always in Joules. It is also a result of force acting through the distance. 
formula_1
where formula_2 is the work done, formula_3 is the force acting, and formula_4 is the distance.

Work, i.e. "weight "lifted" through a height", was originally defined in 1824 by Nicolas Léonard Sadi Carnot in his famous paper "Reflections on the Motive Power of Fire". Specifically, according to Carnot:

In 1845, the English physicist James Joule wrote a paper "On the mechanical equivalent of heat" for the British Association meeting in Cambridge. In this work, he reported his best-known experiment, in which the work released through the action of a "weight "falling" through a height" was used to turn a paddle-wheel in an insulated barrel of water.

In this experiment, the friction and agitation of the paddle-wheel on the body of water caused heat to be generated which, in turn, increased the temperature of water. Both the temperature change ∆T of the water and the height of the fall ∆h of the weight mg were recorded. Using these values, Joule was able to determine the mechanical equivalent of heat. Joule estimated a mechanical equivalent of heat to be 819 ft•lbf/Btu (4.41 J/cal). The modern day definitions of heat, work, temperature, and energy all have connection to this experiment.

According to the "First law of thermodynamics", it is useful to separate changes to the internal energy of a thermodynamic system into two sorts of energy transfers. Work refers to forms of energy transfer which can be accounted for in terms of changes in the "macroscopic" physical variables of the system, for example energy which goes into expanding the volume of a system against an external pressure, by driving a piston-head out of a cylinder against an external force. This is in contrast to heat energy, which is carried into or out of the system in the form of transfers in the "microscopic" thermal motions of particles.

The concept of thermodynamic work is slightly more general than that of mechanical work because it includes other types of energy transfers as well. The electrical work required to move a charge against an external electrical field can be measured, as can the work required to move heat against a temperature gradient. Thermodynamic work need not have any mechanical component to be considered such.


Internal energy

In thermodynamics, the internal energy of a thermodynamic system, or a body with well-defined boundaries, denoted by "U", or sometimes "E", is the total of the kinetic energy due to the motion of molecules (translational, rotational, vibrational) and the potential energy associated with the vibrational and electric energy of atoms within molecules or crystals. It includes the energy in all the chemical bonds, and the energy of the free, conduction electrons in metals. 

The internal energy is a thermodynamic potential and for a closed thermodynamic system held at constant entropy, it will be minimized.

One can also calculate the internal energy of electromagnetic or blackbody radiation. It is a state function of a system, an extensive quantity. The SI unit of energy is the joule although other historical, conventional units are still in use, such as the (small and large) calorie for heat. (Calories that are on classic food labels are actually kilo-calories.)

"Internal" energy does not include the translational or rotational kinetic energy of a body "as a whole". It also does not include the relativistic mass-energy equivalent "E" = "mc". It excludes any potential energy a body may have because of its location in external gravitational or electrostatic field, although the potential energy it has in a field due to an induced electric or magnetic dipole moment does count, as does the energy of deformation of solids (stress-strain).

The principle of equipartition of energy in classical statistical mechanics states that each molecular degree of freedom receives 1/2 "kT" of energy, a result which was modified when quantum mechanics explained certain anomalies; e.g., in the observed specific heats of crystals (when "h"ν > "kT"). For monatomic helium and other noble gases, the internal energy consists only of the translational kinetic energy of the individual atoms. Monatomic particles, of course, do not (sensibly) rotate or vibrate, and are not electronically excited to higher energies except at very high temperatures.

From the standpoint of statistical mechanics, the internal energy is equal to the ensemble average of the total energy of the system.

Physical law

A physical law, scientific law, or a law of nature is a scientific generalization based on empirical observations of physical behavior. Empirical laws are typically conclusions based on repeated scientific experiments over many years, and which have become accepted universally within the scientific community. The production of a summary description of nature in the form of such laws is a fundamental aim of science.

Laws of nature are distinct from the law, either religious or civil, and should not be confused with the concept of natural law. 
Nor should 'physical law' be confused with 'law of physics' - the term 'physical law' usually covers laws in other sciences (e.g. biology) as well.

Some extremely important laws are simply definitions. For example, the central law of mechanics "F" = "dp"/"dt" (Newton's second "law" of mechanics) is often treated as a mathematical definition of force just like Newton's first law of mechanics (an object that is at rest stays at rest and an object that is in motion stays in motion unless acted by an out side force). Although the concept of force predates Newton's law, there was no mathematical definition of force before Newton. The principle of least action (or principle of stationary action), Schroedinger equation, Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, causality and a few other laws also fall into this category (of mathematical definitions).




Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney

Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney is a visual novel/adventure game developed and published by Capcom. The game was originally a Japan-only Game Boy Advance title called Gyakuten Saiban. However, the Nintendo DS remake Gyakuten Saiban Yomigaeru Gyakuten was translated and released in 2005 outside of Japan. The DS remake features a bonus case called Rise From The Ashes which was not in the original GBA version.

Phoenix Wright is the main protagonist of the game. He is a defense attorney who must prove that his falsely-accused clients are not guilty.

Mia Fey is Phoenix's boss and mentor. She is killed in the second case. However, her spirit can be channelled by Maya and sometimes she reappears to give Phoenix help or advice.

Maya is Mia's little sister. She is Phoenix's assistant. She is also a spirit medium and can sometimes channel Mia's spirit.

Miles Edgeworth is a prosecutor, and Phoenix Wright's rival. He is the prosecutor in every case in the game except for The First Turnabout and Turnabout Goodbyes.

Larry Butz is Phoenix's client in the first case of the game, where he is accused of murder. He is also a witness in the fourth case.

Winston Payne is the prosecutor of the first case. He has appeared in every Ace Attorney game except Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney - Dual Destinies. He is normally the prosecutor of the Tutorial cases of each game.

Dick Gumshoe is a detective who is usually in charge of investigating the cases that Phoenix takes on.

Manfred von Karma is the prosecutor in case 4 of the game, and is Edgeworth's mentor.

The game features 5 cases.

Phoenix defends Larry Butz, who is accused of murdering his girlfriend.

Phoenix's mentor, Mia Fey, is killed. Phoenix defends her sister, Maya Fey, who is accused of murdering her.

Will Powers, an actor who portrays the Steel Samurai, is accused of murdering Jack Hammer. Phoenix defends him in court.

A man is killed on a boat at Gourd Lake, and Miles Edgeworth is accused of the murder. Phoenix defends him.

Lana Skye is accused of the murder of Bruce Goodman. Her sister, Ema Skye, convinces Phoenix Wright to take her case.

The game is split into 2 segments, Investigation segments and Trial segments.
During Investigation sections Phoenix visits the crime scene, looks for evidence that might be useful in the trial, and talks to witnesses.
Phoenix has to defend his client, and Cross Examine witness testimonies.

Pipe (material)

A pipe is a tube or hollow cylinder for the transport of fluid. The terms 'pipe' and 'tube' can be used for the same objects. 'Pipe' is generally specified by the internal diameter (ID) whereas 'tube' is usually defined by the outside diameter (OD) but may be specified by any combination of dimensions (OD, ID, wall thickness). 'Tube' is often made to custom sizes and may often have more specific sizes and tolerances than pipe. The terms 'tube' and 'tubing' are more widely used in the US and 'pipe' elsewhere in the world.

Both "pipe" and "tube" imply a level of rigidity and permanence, whereas a 'hose' is usually portable and flexible.

Pipe cutters for thin plastic pipes are like scissors. For cutting pipes of large diameter, with thicker walls and made of harder materials, pipe cutters are used, which are a clamp with a cutting wheel, pressure rollers and a lever.



Cameron Diaz

Cameron Michelle Diaz (born August 30, 1972) is an American semi retired actress and former fashion model. She was nominated for four Golden Globe Awards in 1999, 2000, 2002 and 2003.

Cameron Diaz was born in San Diego, California. Her mother, Billie Joann (née Early), is an import-export agent. Her father, Emilio Luis Diaz (1949–2008), worked for the California oil company UNOCAL for more than 20 years as a field gauger. Diaz has an older sister, Chimene. Her father's family were Cubans, and settled in Tampa's Ybor City, later moving to California, where Emilio was born. Her mother has English, German, and Scots-Irish ancestry. Diaz was raised in Long Beach, California.

Bacon number

The Bacon number of an actor or actress is the number of degrees of separation (see Six degrees of separation) they have from actor Kevin Bacon, as defined by the game known as Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon. It applies the Erdős number concept to the movie industry. The higher the Bacon number, the farther away from Kevin Bacon the actor is.

For example, Kevin Bacon's Bacon number is 0. If an actor works in a movie with Kevin Bacon, the actor's Bacon number is 1. If an actor works with an actor who worked with Kevin Bacon in a movie, the first actor's Bacon number is 2, and so forth.


2. "Modern Family", "Daddy Issues" (2018)

Pondicherry

Pondicherry is the capital of the Indian union territory of Puducherry. It is also known as Puducherry since 2006.

Zanzibar

Zanzibar is the name of an archipelago in the Indian Ocean 25–50 km off the coast of East Africa. There are many small islands and two large ones: Unguja (the main island, sometimes informally referred to as 'Zanzibar') and Pemba Island.

The archipelago was once the separate state of Zanzibar, which united with Tanganyika to form Tanzania (derived from the two names). Zanzibar is a semi-autonomous within the union, with its own government.

The capital of Zanzibar is Zanzibar City. It is on the island of Unguja. The city's old quarter, known as Stone Town, is a World Heritage Site.

The people are mostly African Bantu, with some Asians of Indian origin.

Zanzibar has its own government, known as the Revolutionary Government of Zanzibar. It is made up of the Revolutionary Council and House of Representatives.

The main Parties are the Chama Cha Mapinduzi (CCM) and the Civic United Front (CUF). Since the early 1990s, the politics of the archipelago have been marked by repeated violent clashes between these two political parties.

In October 2009, Zanzibar President Amani Karume met with CUF Secretary Seif Shariff Hamad at the State House to discus how to save Zanzibar from future political turmoil and to end the backlash between them, a move which was welcomed by many people including the USA and political parties. It was the first time CUF agreed to recognize Karume as the legitimate president of Zanzibar.

The relationship between Zanzibar government and Tanzanian Mainland has not been good in recent years since Tanzania Prime Minister Mizengo Pinda's remark about the Isles' sovereignty. He said that Zanzibar is not an independent country outside the Union Government, within which it can only exercise its sovereignty.

Members from both the ruling party, Chama Cha Mapinduzi (CCM), and the opposition Civic United Front (CUF) disagreed with Mr Pinda's interpretation and stand firmly in recognizing Zanzibar as a fully autonomous and full state. The move was not recognized by the Government of the United Republic of Tanzania.

In 2008, Tanzanian president Jakaya Kikwete tried to silence the debate when he addressed the nation in a live conference by saying that "Zanzibar is a state internal but semi-state international". There the matter rests for the time being.

A proposal to amend Zanzibar’s laws to allow rival parties to form governments of national unity was adopted by 66.4 per cent of voters, after official results of a referendum which was held on July 31, 2010.

Zanzibar is 95% Islamic in religion, and has been so for hundreds of years. It was once part of the Persian Empire, then under the Caliphate of Oman. It was ruled by a Sultan. Zanzibar was conquered by the British in the late 19th century. The islands were involved in the Arab slave trade, and the British conquest was an attempt to stop this. They appointed puppet rulers, and Zanzibar became a 'protectorate', not a colony.

Zanzibar gained independence on 10th December 1963 from the British.

Zanzibar's main industries are spices (which include cloves, nutmeg, cinnamon and pepper), raffia, and tourism. Zanzibar is also the home of the endemic Zanzibar Red Colobus and the elusive Zanzibar Leopard.
The word "Zanzibar" probably derives from the Persian زنگبار, "Zangi-bar" ("coast of the blacks") and it is also known as Zanji-bar in Arabic. Zanzibar is sometimes referred to as the "Spice Islands," a term that is more often used for the Maluku Islands in Indonesia. Pemba Island is the only island apart from Zanzibar that still produces cloves on a major basis which is the primary source of spice income for the islands.

The islands are poor, and the economy is in trouble. Zanzibaris are living a hard life compare to the mainland. In 2000, the annual income per capita was US$220.

During May and June 2008, Zanzibar suffered a major failure of its electricity system, which left the island without electricity for nearly a month. Another blackout happened from December 2009 to March 2010, due to a problem with the submarine cables and the local plant. This led to a serious and ongoing shock to the island's fragile economy, which is heavily dependent on foreign tourism.

Zanzibar's economy is based primarily on the production of cloves (90% grown on the island of Pemba), the principal foreign exchange earner. Exports have suffered with the downturn in the clove market.

The clove, originally from the Moluccan Islands (Indonesia), was introduced to Zanzibar by the Omani sultans in the first half of the XIX century. Zanzibar, mainly Pemba Island, was once the world's leading clove producer, but annual clove sales have plummeted by 80% since the 1970s. Zanzibar's clove industry has been crippled by a fast-moving global market, and international competition.

Tanzania's failed experiment with socialism in the 1960s and 1970s, when the government controlled clove prices and exports, is also a factor. Zanzibar now ranks a distant third with Indonesia supplying 75% of the world's cloves compared to Zanzibar's 7%.

Zanzibar exports spices, seaweed and fine raffia. It also has a large fishing and dugout canoe production.

Tourism is a major foreign currency earner. A number of new hotels and resorts having been built in recent years.

The Government of Zanzibar legalized foreign exchange bureaux on the islands. The effect was to increase the availability of consumer commodities. The government has also established a free port area. This stimulates trade and support services. There is a management system for re-exportation of goods.

There is also a possibility of oil exploration in Zanzibar on the island of Pemba. Oil would help boost the economy of Zanzibar, but there have been disagreements about dividends between the Tanzanian mainland and Zanzibar, the latter claiming the oil should be excluded in Union matters. A Norwegian consultant has been sent to Zanzibar to investigate its oil potential.

Enya

Enya (born Eithne Patricia Ní Bhraonáin on 17 May 1961 in Gweedore, County Donegal, Ireland) is an Irish singer and composer. She became most well-known following the release of her song "Orinoco Flow (Sail Away)" on her breakthrough album Watermark (1988). 

She has also won numerous awards, including four Grammy Awards and seven World Music Awards . Her vocal range across her career spans around four octaves; her vocal type is considered a light mezzo-soprano.

She grew up speaking the Irish language, and began to learn English once she attended primary school.

Her first works were soundtracks for "The Frog Prince" movie by David Puttman and "The Celts" documentary by BBC.

Enya is very popular and has sold more than 75 million albums worldwide. Her best selling album is "A Day Without Rain" (2000).

Enya has recorded the following albums:

She has also recorded music for the following movie soundtracks:


Downing Street

Downing Street is a street in London. It is close to Whitehall and Buckingham Palace. The official residences of the two most senior Government ministers are here. These are the Prime Minister, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer. 

Downing Street is a few minutes' walk from the Houses of Parliament. The street was built in the 1680s by Sir George Downing, 1st Baronet (1632–1689) on the site of a mansion called Hampden House. The Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Chief Whip all have official residences in buildings along one side of the street. The houses on the other side were all replaced by the Foreign Office in the nineteenth century.


Armenian illuminated manuscripts

Armenian illuminated manuscripts are a form of artwork in the Byzantine tradition. They come from between the 5th century and the 13th century. They can include prayer rolls, the Mugni Gospels, and the Echmiadzin Gospels.


Illuminated manuscript

An illuminated manuscript is a manuscript where text is decorated by things like initials, borders and miniature illustrations. Most of them were made in Europe in the Middle Agss, and some are from the Renaissance.


Manuscript

A manuscript is any document that is written by hand, not printed or made in some other way. The early history of writing is intimately connected with the history of writing materials, of which the manuscript is one. Early printing made use of many ideas which developed in the era of manuscripts.

Manuscripts have played a pivotal role in human history, serving as vehicles for transmitting knowledge, literature, religious texts, scientific discoveries, and personal writings. They offer insights into the intellectual, cultural, and artistic achievements of civilizations throughout the ages.

They were written on palm leaves and compressed birch tree barks.The people who wrote manuscripts were known as scribes. Only the kings could afford a manuscript.

In the early stages of human civilization, various materials were used for writing manuscripts, including clay tablets, papyrus, parchment, and paper. These materials influenced the form, durability, and portability of manuscripts, shaping their physical characteristics and preservation needs.

With the invention of the printing press in the 15th century, manuscripts gradually gave way to printed books, which allowed for mass production and wider dissemination of texts. However, early printing methods often borrowed techniques and styles from manuscript production, such as the use of decorative initials and illustrations. The transition from manuscripts to printed books marked a significant shift in the history of written communication and knowledge sharing.

In the modern context, manuscript writing continues to hold relevance, particularly in academic and creative fields. Manuscripts are created for various purposes, including research articles, novels, poetry, plays, and historical texts. While digital technology and word processing software have made it easier to produce and edit manuscripts electronically, there is still a demand for professional manuscript writing services to ensure accuracy, clarity, and adherence to specific style guidelines.

Editor World is a notable provider of manuscript writing services, offering assistance to authors, researchers, and professionals seeking expert editing and proofreading. With a team of skilled editors, Editor World assists clients in refining their manuscripts, improving readability, grammar, structure, and overall quality.

Manuscripts hold a significant place in the history of human communication, representing the artistry and intellectual endeavors of past generations. While the shift to digital formats has transformed the landscape of writing, manuscripts continue to be appreciated for their historical value, aesthetic appeal, and the human touch they embody. As we expand our knowledge and understanding of the world, manuscripts remain a testament to the enduring power of handwritten expression and the craftsmanship involved in their creation.

Matenadaran

Mesrop Mashtots' Matenadaran Institute of Ancient Manuscripts in Yerevan, Armenia, is one of the richest depositories of manuscripts and books in the world.

Blue Mosque, Yerevan

The Blue Mosque (; Persian: <bdi>مسجد کبود</bdi> Masdsched-e Kabud) is a mosque in Yerevan, Armenia. It was built in 1766 during the reign of Huseyn Ali.

Plainview

Plainview is the name of several places in the United States of America:


235 BC

Year 235 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar.





302 BC

Year 302 BC was an extended period of the pre-Julian Roman schedule. At that point, it was known as the Extended period of the Consulship of Denter and Paullus (or, less regularly, year 452 Stomach muscle urbe condita). The category 302 BC during the current year has been utilized since the early middle age time frame, when the In the year of the Lord schedule period turned into the common strategy in Europe for naming years.


San Marino City

San Marino is the capital of the tiny nation of San Marino. It is the third largest city in the country, after Dogana and Borgo Maggiore.

Fort Worth, Texas

Fort Worth is the fifth largest city in Texas. It is the 13th largest city in the United States. It has gotten so big that it has overlapped the next biggest city next to it, Dallas, Texas. Because of this, the area is often referred to as Dallas/Ft. Worth, or DFW. 

Fort Worth is the county seat of Tarrant County. Texas Motor Speedway is also in Fort Worth.

There are a few interesting landmarks in Fort Worth. One is Sundance Square, a popular place to enjoy in downtown. Another is West 7th, an entertainment destination. At last, there is the Fort Worth Stockyards, where rodeos are held.

Akdamar Island

Akdamar Island (also known as "Aghtamar", "Ahktamar", and "Aght'amar"; Armenian: "Աղթամար", Kurdish: "Axtamar") is a small island in Lake Van in Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.


Gandzasar monastery

The Gandzasar monastery (Armenian: Գանձասար) is an Armenian monastery in Nagorno-Karabakh, in the Mardakert region, near the village of Vank. Gandzasar means "treasure mountain" in Armenian.

Deportation

Deportation, means the removal of someone from a country. People may be deported from a country for many reasons. For example, one may be deported from a country if they enter the country illegally or if they overstay longer then their visa allows them to stay in the country.

Deportation can also happen inside a country. A person or a group of people may be forced to move to a different part of the country, as a type of punishment. Examples include the Crimean Tatars.


912

912 (CMXII) was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar.


Vahe

Vahe was a legendary king of Armenia (351 BC–331 BC). He was the last offspring of the Hyke dynasty. He revolted against Alexander the Great and fought a war for Darius the Great of Persia.

Rhadamistus

Rhadamistus (other names Ghadam or Radamisto) was an Iberian prince who reigned in Armenia from 51 to 53 and 54 to 55 CE. 

Construction

Construction is the process of erection or assembly of any building or infrastructure on a site. In general, there are three types of construction:


Building construction is the process of adding structure to real property. Industrial construction, though a relatively small part of the entire construction industry, is a very important component.

The first buildings were huts and shelters, constructed by hand or with simple tools. As cities grew during the Bronze Age, a class of professional craftsmen appeared. Occasionally, slaves were used for construction work. In the Middle Ages, these were organized into guilds. In the 19th century, steam-powered machinery appeared, and later diesel- and electric powered vehicles such as cranes, excavators and bulldozers.

Modern construction is consistently made of materials such as glass, steel, concrete and bricks. So it is easy to build simple forms like simple cubic forms. The new style of architecture is based on the economic basic principle:


Infrastructure

Infrastructure is the term used to describe the facilities which support modern human life.

These are the main items: water supply, sewage plants, housing, roads, cable networks, food supply facilities, schools, hospitals, airports, community meeting places, business and government buildings, bridges, railways. In fact, everything that modern life needs in the way of built facilities.

Infrastructure is closely connected with standard of living and overpopulation. More people will want more roads, water pipes and other infrastructure. Poor countries tend to have fast population growth and cannot provide the needed infrastructure. Standard of living drops and this may lead to other problems like worsening health, exposure to plague and difficult access of emergency units to those that need it.

Ceremony

A ceremony is an activity performed at a special time usually with according seriousness. Ceremonies may be done to celebrate an event or rite of passage. Other important ceremonies include the tea ceremony in Asian cultures, 

A ceremony may mark a rite of passage in a person's job or life, showing how important it is. Examples:
Other ceremonies may mark yearly events like:

Sometimes, a ceremony may only be done by certain people. A wedding is done by a priest or a Civil Celebrant. The President of the United States is sworn in by the Chief Justice of the United States at his or her inauguration. The British monarch is usually made king or queen by the Archbishop of Canterbury at his or her coronation.


Kirk Kerkorian

Kerkor "Kirk" Kerkorian (June 6, 1917 – June 15, 2015) was an Armenian-American 
billionaire, and president/CEO of Tracinda Corporation, his private holding company based in Beverly Hills, California.

Kerkorian is known as one of the important figures in shaping the city of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Kerkorian died in Beverly Hills, California on June 15, 2015, nine days after his 98th birthday.

Chemical property

In chemistry, a property is any aspect of a substance which is only seen by means of a chemical reaction. Simply speaking, chemical properties cannot be determined just by viewing or touching the substance. This is different from a physical property, which can be discovered without changing the substance's chemical structure. 

Usually a chemical property is discovered by changing the substance's internal structure. When a substance goes under a chemical reaction, the properties will change drastically, resulting in chemical change. However, a catalytic property would also be a chemical property.

Chemical properties can be used for building chemical classifications. They can be used to identify an unknown substance or to separate or purify it from other substances. 


Bass drum

A bass drum is a type of musical instrument called a drum. It is a large drum, makes low sounds, and is frequently used in the common drum kit.

Drum kit

A drum kit (or drum set or trap set) is a collection of instruments played by an individual which is called a drummer.

A normal drum kit consists of the following:

Other cymbals and drums can be added to the setup for a wider range of sounds like the Splash, a small cymbal around 10"/25 cm giving a distinct crash sound with a quick decay, or a China cymbal, that gives an "oriental feel" to beats, rhythms, solos and fills. The latter is much like a crash cymbal popped inside out with the screw and sponge holding it to the stand inside it, so it has a shallow bowl shape.

The drummer can do other things to the kit, such as attach a tambourine to the spine of the hi-hat, so when he/she puts his/her foot down on the pedal or hits it with a drumstick, the drummer gets the tambourine sound at the same time. Cymbals can also have rivets inserted into them to give them a 'sizzling' sound, or a cowbell can be attached to the top of the bass drum between the snare and floor tom to use in fills, solos, grooves, etc.

Drum stick

A drum stick or drumstick is a wooden stick that is used to hit percussion instruments to make sound. 
There are many kinds of drumsticks. Some sticks are made for certain instruments. For instance, a drum kit stick may look very different from a snare drum stick. Weight, length, and tip size are all altering factors in a stick. 

Some drums, such as bongo drums, use no drumstick.

Khachkar

A Khachkar or Khatchkar ("Խաչքար" in Armenian, meaning ""cross-stone"", pronounced as ) is a carved memorial stone found in Armenia.

It has a crucifix or cross, with a rosette or sun circle below it. Other parts can be filled with patterns of leaves, grapes or knots. Sometimes it has a ledge at the top with saints' or characters from the bible.

Much of the time a khachkar is put up for religious reasons such as the salvation of the soul of a living or a dead person. They have also been removed for other reasons, such as to show a military win, building of a new church, or as a protection from natural disasters.

Most Khachkars are in graveyards. But Armenian gravestones take many other forms, and only a small are khatchkars.

Back Dorm Boys

Back Dorm Boys () are two Chinese people who have made several well known spoof music videos in 2006. Their name comes from their lip sync video of the Backstreet Boys' song "As Long as You Love Me". They are often called the "Back Dormitory Boys". Their spoof music videos have been selected by Motorola China to promote mobile phones. The two members of the Back Dorm Boys are 韦炜 (Wei Wei) and 黄艺馨 (Huang Yi Xin). They were university students at Guangzhou Arts Institute (广州美术学院) majoring in sculpture. Their videos were very famous in China. The became very famous around the world after the videos were shown on YouTube.

Nattō

Natto ( (hiragana), 納豆 (kanji); "nattō" or "nattou") is a traditional Japanese food made by fermenting soybeans. Natto is known for its strong musty smell and unusual slimy texture, which yields mucous-like (or sticky) strings when stirred and eaten. In order to mediate some of the strong flavors, it is usually eaten on top of rice with , a soy sauce-based condiment, or Japanese mustard to their liking. Eating Natto as a custom is not so popular in Kansai area. Whether it is popular or not depends on regions in Japan.

There are many kinds of Natto. First, Natto is classified under two types of Natto, Itohiki Natto and Ji Natto. Also Itohiki Natto has three kinds of Natto, Marudaizu Natto, Hikiwari Natto, and Goto Natto. We usually eat Marudaizu Natto and Hikiwari Natto.

Natto may be bought in stores in Styrofoam boxes. Sometimes, they come with a mustard packet and a packet of "tsuyu" to eat with the natto. 

Although it is not customary to cook natto, natto may be prepared in food items like sushi or "donburi". "Donburi" is any Japanese dish served with rice in a bowl. Natto can be made into a donburi by adding natto and other items like tuna or egg to rice inside a bowl. "Nattojiru" is what people add natto to miso soup as a seasoning. Also Natto is used for topping when we eat Soba, Udon, Spaghetti, Okonomiyaki and so on.

In general, soy sauce, tsuyu, karashi mustard is used, but some people use egg, leek, Japanese ginger, Grated radish, laver, okra, and etc.

Kichijōji

Kichijōji also has some famous landmarks. Inokashira Park, for example, is in the south part of the district, and is a favorite place for springtime "hanami", or to see cherry-blossoms. The Kanda River (神田川) begins to flow from this park. The Seikei University (成蹊大学), one of Tokyo's biggest private universities, is in the northwestern area of the neighborhood.


Udon

Udon is most often served hot as a noodle soup in a mild, salty broth. Its simplest form is called "kake udon". This consists only of dashi stock, soy sauce ("shōyu"), mirin, and "udon" noodles. Different things can be put on top of the soup as toppings. Often thinly cut scallions are used, along with other common toppings such as kamaboko, prawn or vegetable tempura, some spices, and wakame.

The flavor of the broth and toppings, as well as even noodle texture and thickness, is different from region to region. Usually, dark brown broth made from dark soy sauce ("koikuchi shōyu") is common in eastern Japan. Light brown broth made from light soy sauce ("usukuchi shōyu") is common in western Japan. However, many other regional types exist outside of just broth color and mainly vary in toppings used.

Kagawa Prefecture is famous for using udon as a staple food.


According to JAS (Japanese Agricultural Standard), to be udon, a round noodle's diameter has to be over 1.7 mm and a flat noodle's width over 1.7 mm. Udon dough is made from wheat flour and salt.

Hachiōji

Hachiōji officially became a city on September 1, 1917, but it has been an important point on the Kōshū Highway, the main road that connected Edo (the old name of Tokyo) with Western Japan since before modern times, especially during the Edo period. For a short period of time, a castle, Hachiōji Castle (八王子城; Hachiōji-jō) was in the area. It was made in 1584 by Hōjō Ujiteru (北条氏照), but was soon broken in war by Toyotomi Hideyoshi in 1590. In the Meiji period, Hachiōji grew larger because of silk and silk textiles. However, the industry became less popular in the 1960s. Today, Hachiōji is home for many Tokyo workers.

In Hachioji, there are about 20 colleges and universities, including Takushoku University.

There are 3 mountains around Hachioji.

Nerima, Tokyo

Nerima is one of the 23 special wards in Tokyo, Japan.

The municipality calls itself "Nerima City" in English.

Nerima is called "the town of animation" because the earliest anime businesses started up in the area.
On 1 August 1947, the ward of Nerima was formed by separating from the ward of Itabashi.
Nerima is a western ward. It borders Nakano and Suginami on the south. Musashino and Nishitokyo are on the ward's western border. Saitamo Prefecture is on the northern border. Itabashi and Toshima are on the west.

There is also a long river in Nerima.



Suginami

The municipality calls itself "Suginami City" in English.

Suginami is in the western part of Tokyo's special wards. It is next to Setagaya to the south. It's western neighbors are the cities of Mitaka and Musashino. Nerima is on the northern border. Nakano is to the east.

The Kanda river runs through the ward.



Higashi-Nagasaki Station

Higashi-Nagasaki Station is the railway station of the Seibu-Ikebukuro line in Toshima Ward, Tokyo, Japan.
The station is near the "Ikebukuro" station that is center of Tokyo. Only local train stops this station. Limited express, rapid express, semi express and rapid train pass this station. The next station of this station to east is "Shinamachi". The next station of this station to west is "Ekoda".

The area near the Higashi-nagasaki station is named "Nagasaki", but Nagasaki and Nagasaki Prefecture in Kyushu are not related. "Nagasaki" in Toshima Ward is located in east Japan. So this station's name have "Higashi"(means "east") to distinguish between this station and Nagasaki station in Kyushu.

Sagamihara, Kanagawa

Sagamihara (, Sagamihara-shi?) is a city in Japan. It is in north central Kanagawa Prefecture, bordering Tokyo, Japan. It is the third most populous city in the prefecture, after Yokohama and Kawasaki. 

The main areas of commercial activity in Sagamihara are around Hashimoto Station on the JR Yokohama Line and Keio Sagamihara Line, Sagamihara Station on the JR Yokohama Line, and Sagami-Ōno Station on the Odakyu Odawara Line.

Aomori

It is southwest of the town of Hiranai. It is a coastal city, and is near the Mutsu-wan (陸奥湾). It has been recognized as a core city since 2006.


According to Japanese census data,

The Nebuta festival is one of the most famous festivals in Japan. It takes place at the beginning of August. More than 300,000 people come and see this festival every year.
This festival is called both “Nebuta” and ”Neputa”. In Aomori city, they use the word “Nebuta”, and in Hirosaki city, they use the word “Neputa”.


HM Land Registry

Land Registry or Her Majesty's Land Registry is a United Kingdom government office which started in 1862. It publicly records interests in land in England and Wales. It answers to the Ministry of Justice.

The office records the owner of land and legal rights over land. It has recorded about half of the land in England and Wales, and they request owners to record the rest.

Persons make payments to the Land Registry to record land or for copies of the records. The British Government does not make payments to the Land Registry.

The Land Registry has 24 offices in England and Wales and a head office at Lincoln’s Inn Fields in London, England. It wants to shut the offices in York and Harrow.

The head of the Land Registry is called the Chief Land Registrar and Chief Executive.

In 1857 a government committee said there should be a record of land. The Land Registry started after the Land Registry Act 1862. The failure of this law led to a new law in 1875. But this law was also a failure because persons could decide if they wanted to record their land, and most persons decided not to. In 1897 a new law forced persons in London to record their land when they sold it. Step by step this law was applied to the rest of England and Wales by 1990. A new law – the Land Registration Act 2002 – modernised the law and made possible the electronic sale of land.


Yamuna

The Yamuna (), sometimes called Jamuna (, , ) or Jumna, is a major river in North India. It is the largest branch of a bigger river called the Ganges. It is 1370 km long. It begins at the Yamunotri, which is in the Himalayas. It goes through the Indian states of Delhi, Haryana, and Uttar Pradesh. At the end, it flows into the Ganges. Rivers that come out of the Yamuna include the Tons (the largest of the ones that come out of it), Chambal, Betwa, and Ken



Ahmedabad

Ahmedabad is the largest city in the Gujarat state, in Western India. The city is the administrative centre of Ahmedabad district, and was the capital of Gujarat from 1960 to 1970. The city is located on the banks of the Sabarmati River, and it shares proximity with the Gandhinagar, the newly built state capital.

The city's area is approximately 8,087 sq.k.m and it's total population of District is 7,486,573 (2014).

The city was founded by Sultan Ahmed Shah in 1411 A.D. But, the area around the city has been inhabited since the 11th century when it was known as "Ashaval". The city was built on an elevated plain known as "Bhadra" on the eastern bank of Sabarmati River.

In 1487, the city was fortified with an outer wall 10 km (6.2 mi) in circumference by Mahmud Begada, the grandson of Sultan. The fortification consisted of twelve gates, 189 bastions and over 6,000 battlements.

In 1573, the city was annexed by the Mughal Empire. But, in the year 1758, Mughals surrendered the city to Marathas after the brief joint-rule from 1739 to 1744.

Since July 1950, the city is governed by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) in urban area and Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) in suburbs area. Both, provides a number of urban services such as water supply, roads construction, sanitation, primary education, city transport etc. In totality, the administration pf the city is divided into 14 talukas which includes 556 villages, 1 corporation, 1 cantonment area, and 7 municipalities.

For a long time, the city has been known for its textile mills and have been dubbed as ""Manchester of the East"." In 1861, the first textile mill was opened and gradually, the whole sector grew through city's own traditional culture and passion for entrepreneurship. Besides textile, Ahmedabad is also known for being automotive and pharmaceutical manufacturing hub.

The city is connected with pan-India railway network. It has three stations - Kalupur Station, Maninagar Station and Sabarmati Station. The Kalupur station is in the center of the city which will be convergence point for Ahmedabad Metro, Ahmedabad BRTS, and upcoming high-speed rail system.

The city is well connected to the major cities in the state and the country through several national and state highways.

The city is served by Sardar Vallabbhai Patel International Airport. The airport is located 9 km from city center and also caters the state capital Gandhinagar. It was started in the year 1937 with the inaugural flight Bombay-Ahmedabad-Karachi, piloted by J. R. D. Tata.


Dachau, Bavaria

Dachau ( ]; Bavarian: "Dochau") is a city in the south of Germany, about north-west of Munich. It has about 40,000 inhabitants. The town contains a historic town centre with an 18th-century castle.

Dachau was founded in the 8th century. In 1933, a concentration camp was built in Dachau. It was the first camp of the Nazis and became the prototype for all other camps. More than 30,000 prisoners died or were killed.


Odonata

The Odonata are an order of flying insects, the dragonflies and damselflies. They are sometimes listed as the Metapterygota.

Like most of the flying insects (flies, beetles, Lepidoptera and Hymenoptera), they evolved in the early Mesozoic era. Their prototypes, the giant dragonflies of the Carboniferous, 325 mya, are no longer put in the Odonata. These are now called Protodonata or Meganisoptera.

The two suborders are easily distinguished:

All Odonata have aquatic larvae called 'nymphs', and all of them, larvae and adults, are carnivorous. The adults can land, but rarely walk. Their legs are specialised for catching prey. They are almost entirely insectivorous.

These insects characteristically have large rounded heads covered mostly by big compound eyes, legs that catch prey (other insects) in flight, two pairs of long, transparent wings that move independently, and long abdomens. They have two ocelli (eye spots) and short antennae. The mouthparts are on the underside of the head and include simple chewing mandibles in the adult.


Chordophone

A chordophone is any musical instrument which produces sound commonly by vibrating a string or strings stretched between two points.

What most westerners would call string instruments are classified as chordophones (for example, violins, guitars and harps).

Will Ferrell

John William "Will" Ferrell (; born , 1967) is an American actor, comedian, and producer. He began his successful career as a cast member of "Saturday Night Live". He has since appeared in many different movies, such as "Blades of Glory", "Elf", "", "", and "Old School".

Ferrell was born in Irvine, California on July 16, 1967 He is the son of Betty Kay (née Overman), a teacher who taught at Old Mill School elementary school and Santa Ana College, and Roy Lee Ferrell Jr., a musician with The Righteous Brothers. His parents were both natives of Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina, and moved to California in 1964. He has a younger brother named Patrick. When he was 8, his parents divorced. Ferrell said of the divorce: "I was the type of kid who would say, 'Hey, look at the bright side! We'll have two Christmases'."


Tritium

Tritium is an isotope of hydrogen, the lightest element. Tritium has one proton and two neutrons. It heavier than ordinary hydrogen or its isotope deuterium. Hydrogen does not have any neutrons, only a proton. The chemical symbol for Tritium is H or T.

In nature, tritium is made when cosmic rays hit nitrogen in the Earth's atmosphere. Tritium has a half-life of a little more than twelve years, so there is not much in the atmosphere. People make much more tritium in nuclear reactors, so that they can make things from it.

Tritium is important for nuclear fusion power. Tritium is added to nuclear bombs to make them more powerful when they explode. 

Tritium is often used with phosphors to make glow in the dark key-rings, and sights on rifles. Tritium makes the phosphors glow because it is radioactively unstable and gives energy to the phosphor so it can make light. Before lots of tritium could be made, people used radium to make things light up but this gave people cancer.

Radioactive decay produces tritium. High levels of tritium were found in 2013 in the Pacific near the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant two years after the Fukushima nuclear disaster. 


Wood fibre

Wood fibres are made of cellulose got from the xylem vessels in plants, especially trees. Other plants providing fibres include straw, bamboo, cotton, hemp, and sugar cane.

Products made from processed plant fibres include paper and textiles.

Christian theology

Christian theology is the study of Christian belief. Christian theologians use analysis and argument to understand, explain, test, critique, defend, or promote Christianity.

Christian theology starts with the New Testament. Saint Paul, in his letters, and his speeches (Acts of the Apostles), draws upon his training as a rabbi and on his experience of Christ. He started outside Damascus to explain to Jews and Gentiles the meaning of the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus. In the History of Christianity, later writers such as Luther and John Calvin have stressed the Bible as the basis of theology. The bible as a source is not without controversy. Catholic and Orthodox theologians have also stressed the importance of Church tradition for the faith. Thomas Aquinas and Saint Augustine are among the most important writers within the Roman Catholic Church.

Differences in theology have led to the many denominations within Christianity. This started with the separation of Jesus' followers from Judaism. Later came the Great Schism and the Reformation. After Luther's quarrel with the Pope, Reformed churches like the Lutherans and Baptists are established. Calvinism is very important within Protestantism, although the followers of Jacob Arminius do not accept it. Attempts at compromise in England between the Catholics and Puritans lead to the establishment of the Church of England.

Later movements include Methodism, Liberal Christianity, Pentecostalism, and Liberation theology.

Many important ideas in Christian theology are summarized in statements called creeds. These were usually written by councils of Christians as a statement of their most central beliefs. Most major Christian churches agree with the Nicene Creed.

Most scholars of antiquity agree that Jesus existed. There is no indication that writers in antiquity who opposed Christianity questioned the existence of Jesus.

However, there is no physical or archeological evidence for Jesus, and all the sources we have are documentary. The sources for the historical Jesus are mainly Christian writings, such as the gospels and the letters of the apostles. All sources that mention Jesus were written after his death. The New Testament represents sources from the wide variety of writings in the first centuries AD that are related to Jesus. The authenticity and reliability of these sources have been questioned by many scholars, and few events mentioned in the gospels are universally accepted.

Strauss' "Life of Jesus" was the book which raised all these issues to the surface. In its 451 pages Strauss argued that:




Professional wrestling

Professional wrestling, pro wrestling is wrestling done as performance art. It is different from other sports because it is a fixed sport. It is sometimes known as sports entertainment.

Like other athletes, most wrestlers train each day to maintain their physical condition. They practice for years to learn to execute moves safely while still making them look dangerous. They suffer many injuries, sometimes severe. 

Professional wrestling is done as a show, like a play. Many wrestlers will wrestle in many fights, called matches. They wrestle inside a 'wrestling ring', which is a place with ropes around it. The best wrestlers can win belts, called 'championship titles', to show that they are the best.

Famous stars of the ring include "Gorgeous George" Wagner, Ric Flair, Hulk Hogan, André the Giant, Sting, "Macho Man" Randy Savage, Bret "The Hitman" Hart, Shawn Michaels, The Undertaker, Triple H, Brock Lesnar, Goldberg, Mick Foley, Stone Cold Steve Austin, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and John Cena.

The United States, Canada, Mexico, and Japan and the United Kingdom are countries that have a lot of professional wrestling events. The biggest company of professional wrestling is WWE (World Wrestling Entertainment). Once a year, they have a big wrestling event called WrestleMania. Professional wrestling can be seen both in the audience of an arena or on television.


Monaco-Ville

Monaco-Ville is the original fortified town of Monaco. It stands on a monolith where the Prince's Palace is located.


Hıdırlık Tower

Hıdırlık Tower is a landmark tower of tawny stone in Antalya, Turkey, where Kaleiçi meets Karaalioglu Park.

The tower is at the south side of the place, where the land walls of the city join the sea walls. The 14m high tower consists a circular tower rising on a quadratic pedestal. The tower's gate at the eastern side goes to a small room, from where a narrow staircase goes up. There was some restoration work on the upper part done in the Seljuk and Ottoman eras.

Around the Hıdırlık Tower is many cafés and restaurants also a view of the Gulf of Antalya.

Mesa, Arizona

Mesa is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona and part of the Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale Metropolitan Area. It is the 36th largest city in the United States of America. It was settled by members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in January 1878.


Tucson, Arizona

Tucson is a city in Arizona, United States. It is the seat of Pima County. It is 118 miles (188 km) southeast of Phoenix and 60 miles (98 km) north of the Mexican border. It is where the shooting of senator Gabrielle Giffords took place. Arizona has many deserts. It is visited by many people to escape cold weather. Tucson has a population of 542,629 as of 2020 and is the second most populated city in Arizona behind Phoenix. The city has a mean elevation of 2,400 feet. The climate of Tucson is an arid desert climate with very hot summers and mild winters. The monsoon occurs in mid June and ends around late September in the Tucson area.


Arlington, Texas

Arlington is a city in Tarrant County, Texas, United States. It is in the Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington metropolitan area.

Arlington has AT&T Stadium, Globe Life Field, Texas Live, Six Flags, the United States Bowling Congress Nuclear Regulatory Commission Region IV and American Mensa.



Tarrant County, Texas

Tarrant County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 2,110,640 people lived there. The county seat is Fort Worth, and in 2020, 918,915 people lived there, making it the largest city in the county. The second largest city in the county is Arlington, where 375,600 people live.

The county has a total area of 902 square miles. The land area covers 864 square miles, and water covers 39 square miles.




Spectrophotometer

A spectrophotometer measures either the amount of light reflected from a sample object or the amount of light that is absorbed by the sample object. Spectrophotometry is the quantity based study of electromagnetic spectra.

In short, the sequence of events in a modern spectrophotometer is as follows:

There are two kinds of spectrophotometers: single beam and double beam. A double beam spectrophotometer compares the light intensity between two light paths. One path containing a reference sample, the other holding the test sample. A single beam spectrophotometer measures the relative light intensity of the beam before and after a test sample is inserted. A double beam machine makes comparison readings easier and more stable. But a single beam machine can have measure a wider range of light frequencies. Single beam machines have simple optical systems and are more compact. When the spectrophotometer is built into another device (like microscopes or telescopes) only single beam machines will work.

Many older spectrophotometers must be calibrated by a procedure known as "zeroing." The absorbancy of a reference substance is set as a baseline value, so the absorbancies of all other substances are recorded relative to the initial "zeroed" substance. The spectrophotometer then displays % absorbancy (the amount of light absorbed relative to the initial substance).

Spectrophotometers can also measure luminescence. For example, the machine can shine ultraviolet light of one frequency on the sample. This will excite the sample and make it glow. The detectors can then measure the light glowing from the sample at a different frequency.

Russian Orthodox Church

The Russian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate are Christians who are united under the Patriarch of Moscow, who in turn is in communion with the other patriarchs and primates of the Eastern Orthodox Church.



Form

Form (Lat. "forma" Eng. "mould"), refers to the external three-dimensional outline, appearance or configuration of some thing - in contrast to the matter or content or substance of which it is mainly composed (compare with shape).

Martiros Saryan

Martiros Saryan (, 28 February 1880 – 5 May 1972) was a Russian-born Armenian painter.

He was born into an Armenian family in Nor Nakhijevan (now part of Russia). In 1895, he was 15, he finished the Nakhichevan school and from 1897 to 1904 learned at the Moscow School of Arts, also in the workshops of Valentin Serov and Konstantin Korovin. He was heavily influenced by the work of Paul Gauguin and Henri Matisse. He showed his works in various shows.

"Nature's ways are wonderful and unfathomable. The grain swells in the soil, the sprout grows and flowers when the time comes and then it bears new fruit and so does not die. We are like grain. We never die because we are One with Nature. To understand this is to comprehend Immortality--the Apotheosis of the Human Race. It is with this conviction that I have lived my Life. My Life is a store of my experience, a Life of aspirations, sorrows, joys and triumphs." (M. Saryan)


Library of Congress

The Library of Congress is the "de facto" national library of the United States and the research arm of the United States Congress.

The head of the Library is the Librarian of Congress Carla Hayden.

The primary function of the Library of Congress is to serve the Congress. The Library welcomes public use of its general reference facilities and endeavors to offer the widest possible use of its collections consistent with their preservation and with its obligation to serve the Congress and other government agencies.The Library of Congress is the largest library in the world, with millions of books, recordings, photographs, newspapers, maps and manuscripts in its collections. The Library is the main research arm of the U.S. Congress and the home of the U.S. Copyright Office.Libraries are important cornerstones of a healthy community. ... College students often use the library when they are home for the weekend or for holidays. And the reference resources in public libraries are usually unavailable elsewhere in the community. The library is a unique and valuable resource.


Forest, Ontario

Forest, Ontario is a town in Lambton County, Ontario, Canada. About 3,000 people live in the town. It the biggest town in Lambton Shores. The town was an important lumber town. It even had its own train stop. Forest is now a tourist attraction. It has trails and camp facilities.

Forest is located on land that was once dense forest. When the Grand Trunk Railway was built, the station for the town was named for the dense forest. In 1859, the first post office was then named Forest.

The industry of the town was first based on the large amount of fruit growing in the area. There was once a canning factory and a basket factory in Forest. In more recent years, the town has become a dormitory community for the city of Sarnia and, to a lesser extent, London, Ontario. The large tourism area along the shores of nearby Lake Huron also helps local businesses. Several small manufacturing plants supporting the automobile industry have also opened in the past few years.

In 2001, the last year that Forest was a national census unit, the town had a population of 2,857. The average age of the people who live in Forest was about 42. This is five years older than the average for the entire province. The average earnings of the people living in Forest was $27,902 (CAD) in the year 2000. In 2006, the local census unit was changed to the town of Lambton Shores. Information for Forest itself is not available.

Forest has a high school, North Lambton Secondary School. The school has a large gymnasium and cafeteria. It also has access to washroom and meal preparation facilities. Forest has two separate school systems. It has a public school system, Kinnwood Central Public School, and a private school system, St. John Fisher. Both systems have elementary schools.

There are many recreational facilities in the town. These include an enclosed arena/community center with baseball and soccer fields, a lawn bowling club and public tennis courts. There is also an agricultural society with grounds used for a fall fair and campsites. A privately owned golf course is located in the town, Forest Golf and Country Hotel. There are also more than a dozen other golf courses within a drive.

Forest has a natural amphitheatre in the conservation area in the south part of the town. Each year the people of the town act in a religious play called "The Promise" in this amphitheatre. They have done the play since 1995. The stage of the amphitheatre is on a small island. The audience sits on the surrounding hillsides.

Soul music

Soul music is a kind of music that mixes rhythm and blues, gospel music and pop music. It started in the 1960s in the United States. Features of Soul Music are call and response, hand claps, body movement and a tense vocal sound.

Ray Charles is said to be inventor of Soul with his song "I Got a Woman".
Soul is energetic music with main subjects of lyrics being love, dance and life.
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame states that soul is "music that arose out of the black experience in America through the transmutation of gospel and rhythm & blues into a form of funky, secular testifying."
Recently, singers like Christina Aguilera, Amy Winehouse and Adele are known as Blue Eyed Soul singers.
In some variations of soul brass and saxophones are used a lot.



Garni

Garni ("Գառնի" in Armenian) is a village in the Armenian province of Kotayk. 


Greater Armenia

Greater Armenia could mean:


Irredentism

Irredentism is the desire of a state or some of its people in a state for the annexation of land of another state. Those who want the land say that it really belongs to them because the other state stole it, or they wish to liberate the people who live there who have the same ethnicity or some other connection.

The term was invented in the 1870s, when the unification of Italy left out Italians who lived in Austria-Hungary.

Fume hood

A fume hood or fume cupboard is a large piece of scientific equipment common to chemistry laboratories. Fume hoods stop a person coming into contact with hazardous fumes. They contain an air pump that sucks fumes away from the person using them.

Fume hoods have a large glass window that is opened when a scientist needs to get inside. The window protects the scientist from splashes of chemicals or explosions that could harm them. Most chemical reactions are done inside a fume hood. 


Ghevont Alishan

Father Ghevont Alishan () (July 6, 1820 – November 9, 1901; also spelled Ghevond Alishan) was an ordained Armenian Catholic priest, historian and a poet. In 1885, Alishan created the first modern Armenian flag.

Armenian Catholic Church

The Armenian Catholic Church is an Eastern Catholic church "sui juris" within the Catholic Church. Its headquarters are in Bzoummar, Lebanon. The union was established in the Council of Florence, in 1439. During the Armenian Genocide, 1915-1918, its followers were scattered, mainly to Syria and Lebanon. Many Armenians also fled to Georgia and Ukraine. In 1991, after the fall of the Iron Curtain, Pope John Paul II merged the churches in Georgia and Ukraine with those in Armenia. He created a new eparchy of Armenia and Eastern Europe. There is a seminary in Gyumri, the largest city in Armenia. At the same time Catholic Armenians in Georgia de facto entered this newly formed diocese.The city of Gymuri was chosen because most Catholic Armenians live in the north of the country.

Many Armenians emigrated to the United States and Canada, mainly in the 1970s. For this reason, Pope Benedict XVI created a diocese for these people. It is responsible for about 35.000 people in the US, and about 10.000 in Canada. 

The church uses the Armenian Rite and the Armenian language for its services. 

The current Patriarch of the church is Nerses Bedros XIX Tarmouni.



Armin T. Wegner

Armin T. Wegner (October 16 1886 – May 17 1978) was a soldier in World War I, a writer and a co-creator of German Expressionism, a political activist for Armenian and Jewish human rights, and a victim of Nazi persecution.

He was a war reporter for several German newspapers at the same time. While staying in Turkey, he saw the genocide of Armenians with his own eyes.

After Hitler came to power, Wegner was against the fascists, and spoke against the treatment of Jews. After writing a letter to Hitler, he was arrested and tortured. Wegner survived and escaped and was based in England, and in Italy after the end of World War II.


Activism

Activism is an action to make a change, or stop a change, in society. It can be trying to make a government change its laws, or trying to make people change what they do. There are many forms of activism. Activism is most associated with protests.

Activist demonstrative forms of activism includes rallies, street marches, strikes, sit-ins, or hunger strikes. When activism is linked to art, the action, in street art is called artivism.


Assyrian people

Assyrians, also known as Syriacs, Arameans and Chaldeans, are a Christian ethnic group whose origins remain in what is today northern Iraq, northwestern Iran, southeastern Turkey and more recently northeastern Syria. They claim descent from ancient Assyria, a civilization that once existed in northern Mesopotamia from 2600 BC.

The Assyrians became Christian in the first to third centuries in Roman Syria and Roman Assyria. Along with the Arameans, Armenians, Greeks, and Nabataeans, they were among the first people to practice Christianity. During the Muslim conquest in the 6th century, Assyrians became second-class citizens, and those who fought back Arabization and conversion to Islam were affected by strong religious, ethnic and cultural discrimination. They also did not enjoy the same political rights as Muslims. 

From the 7th century AD onwards Mesopotamia saw the arrival of Arabs, Kurds and other Iranian peoples, and later Turkic peoples. Assyrians were set apart, and then slowly became a minority in their own homeland. But they did remain in large numbers in Upper Mesopotamia as late as the 14th century, and the city of Assur was still in use by Assyrians during the Islamic period until the mid-14th century when the Muslim Turco-Mongol ruler Timur carried a mass murder against Assyrians in the name of Islam, and that is when the Assyrian population was greatly lessened in their homeland.

The Assyrians suffered a number of religiously and culturally driven slaughters throughout the 17th, 18th and 19th centuries, such as from Kurdish Emirs and the Ottomans. The notable event was the Assyrian genocide, done by the Ottoman Turks, which happened during the First World War.

Most recently, the 2003 invasion of Iraq by United States and its allies, and the Syrian civil war, which began in 2011, have forced out much of the remaining Assyrian community from their homeland because of ethnic and religious persecution at the hands of Islamic terrorists.

Assyrians speak modern Aramaic languages, though many would speak Arabic and Farsi, depending on what country they came from. Those in the diaspora speak the national language of that country, which typically will be English, German, Swedish, Dutch and French. Assyrians remaining in Iraqi Kurdistan may speak or understand Kurdish.

Assyrians belong to many Christian denominations, such as the Syriac Orthodox Church, which has over 1 million members around the world, the Chaldean Catholic Church, with about 600,000 members, the Assyrian Church of the East, with an estimated 400,000 members, and the Ancient Church of the East, with some 100,000 members. A small amount of Assyrians accepted the Protestant Reformation. While there are some atheist Assyrians, they still associate with some denomination.

Assyrian music is a mixture of traditional folk music and western modern music genres, namely pop and soft rock, but also electronic dance music. Instruments traditionally used by Assyrians include the zurna and davula, but they also include guitars, pianos, violins, synthesizers (keyboards and electronic drums), and other instruments.

Assyrians have many traditional dances which are done mostly for special occasions such as weddings. Assyrian dance is a mix of both native and general Near Eastern elements. Assyrian folk dances are mainly made up of circle dances that are danced in a line that is usually curved, where the dancers vine around the dancehall. The most common form of Assyrian folk dance is khigga, which is commonly danced as the bride and groom are welcomed into the wedding reception.

Assyrian food is similar to other Middle Eastern cuisines, and is rich in grains, meat, potato, cheese, bread, tomatoes, barley, meat, herbs, spices, as well as herbs, fermented dairy products, and pickles. Rice is given with every meal, with a stew put over it. Tea is a popular drink.

Historically, the region of Assyria was a melting pot of many peoples that included Sumerians, Urartians, Hurrians, Babylonians, Akkadians, Amorites, Arameans, Jews, and the Hittites. Assyrians today are likely a mix of these ancient groups because the ancients generally mixed with their neighbors. 

The Assyrian identity was not based on an ethnic background at that time. In fact, Assyrians did not become an ethnic group until they became Christian in the 1st century AD. Only when Assyrians converted to Christianity, they became more closer with each other due to their religion.

Today, some Assyrians call themselves Aramean, Syriac or Chaldean for religious, geographic and tribal reasons. Assyrians and other minority ethnic groups in the Middle East, feel pressure to call themselves "Arabs", "Turks" and "Kurds".

The Assyrian homeland includes the old cities of Nineveh (Mosul), Nuhadra (Dohuk), Arrapha/Beth Garmai (Kirkuk), Al Qosh, Tesqopa and Arbela (Erbil) in Iraq, Urmia in Iran, and Hakkari (a large region which comprises the modern towns of Yüksekova, Hakkâri, Çukurca, Şemdinli and Uludere), Edessa/Urhoy (Urfa), Harran, Amida (Diyarbakır) and Tur Abdin (Midyat and Kafro) in Turkey, among others.

There are three main Assyrian subgroups: Eastern, Western, Chaldean.

Many Assyrians have gone to the Caucasus, North America, Australia and Northern Europe during the past century. Thousands more live in Assyrian diaspora communities in Canada, the former Soviet Union, New Zealand, Syria, Jordan, and Lebanon.

Outside of the homeland, most Assyrians live in Sweden (100,000), Germany (100,000), the United States (80,000), and in Australia (70,000).

Assyrians mostly use the Syriac script, which is written from right to left. It is one of the Semitic abjads directly coming from the Aramaic alphabet and shares similarities with the Phoenician, Hebrew and the Arabic alphabets. For easiness, many Assyrian people would also use the Latin alphabet, especially in social media.

The oldest sort of the alphabet is the "" script. Even though ʾEsṭrangēlā is no longer used as the main script for writing Syriac, it has been reused again since the 10th century, and it has been added to the Unicode Standard in September, 1999. 

The East Syriac dialect is usually written in the " type of the alphabet, which is known as a "modern", simpler type. 

The West Syriac dialect is normally written in the " form of the alphabet. Most of the letters come from ʾEsṭrangēlā, but are made easy.

Late-20th-century DNA investigation done by Cavalli-Sforza, Paolo Menozzi and Alberto Piazza shows that Assyrians have a distinct genetic profile that separate their population from any other population. Genetic study of the Assyrians of Persia showed that they were "closed" with little mixture with the Muslim Persian population and that an single Assyrian's genetic makeup is comparatively close to that of the Assyrian population as a whole. The genetic information goes well with history that religion played a big role in keeping the Assyrian population's separate identity during the Christian era.

In a 2006 study of the Y chromosome DNA of six regional Armenian populations, including Assyrians and Syrians, researchers found that the Semitic people (Assyrians and Syrians) are very unalike from each other. A 2008 study on the genetics of "old ethnic groups in Mesopotamia", including 340 people from seven ethnic communities such as Assyrian, Jewish, Zoroastrian, Armenian, Turkmen, the Arab peoples in Iran, Iraq, and Kuwait, found that Assyrians were the most ethnically alike compared to all other ethnic groups sampled in the study.

A 2011 study from the Armenian National Academy of Sciences showed that Assyrians are genetically far from Arabs and are more close to other populations of the Near East and the South Caucasus. It was also shown that Assyrians are closely related to the people of Syunik and Karabakh in eastern Armenia, and are genetically far from all Arabic groups (which belong to a different bunch distant from Assyrians).

In a 2017 study focusing on the genetics of Northern Iraqi groups, it was found that Iraqi Assyrians and Iraqi Yazidis were closer together, but away from the other Northern Iraqi populations, and largely in between the West Asian and Southeastern European populations. According to the study, modern Assyrians and Yazidis from northern Iraq may have a stronger relationship with the original genetic stock of the Mesopotamian people.


Uncertainty principle

The Uncertainty principle is also called the Heisenberg's uncertainty principle. Werner Heisenberg stumbled on a secret of the universe: Nothing has a definite position, a definite trajectory, or a definite momentum. Trying to pin a thing down to one definite position will make its momentum less well pinned down, and vice-versa. In everyday life we can successfully measure the position of an automobile at a definite time and then measure its direction and speed (assuming it is coasting along at a steady rate) in the next few moments. That is because the uncertainties in position and velocity are so small that we could not detect them. We assume, quite correctly, that the trajectory of the automobile will not be noticeably changed when we drop a marker on the ground and click a stopwatch at the same time to note the car's position in time and space.

We may bring that experience to the world of atomic-sized phenomena and incorrectly assume that if we measure the position of something like an electron as it moves along its trajectory it will continue to move along that same trajectory, which we imagine we can then accurately detect in the next few moments. We need to learn that the electron did not have a definite position before we located it, and that it also did not have a definite momentum before we measured the trajectory. Moreover, we may justifiably assume that a photon produced by a laser aimed at a detection screen will hit very near to its target on that screen, and confirm this prediction by any number of experiments. Next we will discover that the more closely we try to measure some location of the electron on its way toward the detection screen, the more it and all others like it will be likely to miss that target. So the mere act of measuring the location of an electron makes the trajectory more indefinite, indeterminate, or uncertain. If the trajectory were made more clear and then we were to try to locate that electron along an extension of the trajectory we just staked out, then we would find that the more precise we made our knowledge of the trajectory, the less likely we would be to find the electron where ordinary expectations would lead us to believe it to be. If pitchers threw electrons instead of baseballs, and an overhead camera and side-facing camera were placed somewhere between the pitcher's mound and home plate so that the exact position of the electron could be determined in mid flight, then without the cameras being turned on, the pitcher would throw straight balls, and with the cameras turned on his pitches would start out straight but gyrate wildly after their pictures were taken. The more clearly we know where the ball was halfway toward home place, the more trouble the batter will have in getting ready to hit it with his bat.

Unexpected consequences of the uncertainty feature of nature support our understanding of such things as nuclear fission, the control of which gave humans a new and very powerful source of energy, and quantum tunneling, which is an operating principle of the semiconductors that are so important to modern computer and other technologies.

In technical discussions one almost always talks about position and momentum. Momentum is the product of velocity and mass, and in physics the idea of velocity is the speed that something is going in a certain direction. So sometimes one can also talk about the velocity of the thing in question and ignore its mass, and sometimes it is easier to understand things if we talk about the trajectory or path that something follows. That idea also includes the ideas of speed and direction. In the following diagrams we will show the main features of uncertainty in concrete terms, in the world of real things. Later we will use a little math to be able to give a clear idea of how much wiggle room there is between position and momentum.

Very shortly after Werner Heisenberg created the new quantum physics something unexpected came right out of his mathematics, the expression:<br>

These symbols put into math form what you have already seen in the pictures above. The symbols say, in a clear way, that you cannot be perfectly certain about where something is and where it is going. If you get clearer on where it is at any time then you have less of an idea on where it is going and how fast. If you get clearer on where it is going and how fast at any time, then you have less of an idea of where it is right now.

Scientists had already learned why certain substances give off characteristic colors of light when they are heated or otherwise excited. Heisenberg was trying to explain why these colors each have a characteristic brightness. It would not have been good enough if he and the other scientists had just said, "Well, that's just the way it is." They were sure that there had to be a good reason for these differences, and for the fact that the ratios among the bright line strengths were always the same for each sample of an element.

He had no idea that he was going to stumble over a hidden secret of nature when he set off to discover the explanation for the intensities of the colored lines characteristic of each of the elements. The study of quantum mechanics had already shown why hydrogen has four bright lines in the part of the spectrum that humans can see. It must have seemed that the next thing to learn would simply be how to calculate their brightness. Hydrogen seemed to be the obvious place to start since hydrogen has only one electron to deal with, and only four lines in the visible part of the spectrum. Surely there must be a good reason for their not being equally bright. The explanation for the brightness of the different-colored lines of neon and the other elements could wait.

<br>
Heisenberg started working on quantum physics by adapting the classical equations for electricity, which are very complicated to begin with, so the math behind his 1925 paper was very hard to follow.

He was trying to find the right way to calculate the intensity of bright lines in the hydrogen lamp spectrum. He had to find a related quantity called "amplitude" and multiply amplitude by amplitude (or in other words he had to square the amplitude) to get the intensity he wanted. He had to figure out how to express amplitude in a way that took account of the fact that hydrogen lamps do not radiate at all frequencies, and do not radiate across a continuous range of frequencies in the part of the spectrum that people can see. Heisenberg found a remarkable new way of calculating amplitude.

The strange equation that Heisenberg discovered and used to do the multiplication of one quantum quantity (e.g., position) by another (e.g., momentum) was published in what has been called ""Heisenberg's 'magical' paper of July 1925."" <br>
The math above looks very hard, but the math leading up to it is very much harder and is extremely hard to understand. It is given here just to show what it looked like. Heisenberg's paper is a historical landmark. Many of the physicists who read his paper said that they could not disagree with his conclusions, but that they could not follow his explanation of how he got to those conclusions. The beginning equations that Heisenberg used involved Fourier series, and involved many factors. We will come back to the equation above because it is a kind of recipe for writing out and multiplying matrices.

The new equations had to be so strange and unusual because Heisenberg was describing a strange world in which some things, such as the orbits of electrons, do not slowly get larger or smaller. The new kinds of changes involve jumps and large gaps between jumps. Electrons can only jump between certain orbits, and the energy gained or lost in changing between orbits is produced when a photon of the right energy is absorbed or a new photon of the right energy is produced. If electrons in hydrogen atoms most frequently jump down (fall) between two particular orbits, then more photons will be emitted at that energy level, and so the light produced at that level will be the most intense.

It was difficult to make equations built for continuous spectra (what you see when you put the sun's light through a prism) fit spectra that just have a few peak frequencies between which there is nothing. Almost everything that had already been learned about light and energy had been done with large things like burning candles or suns, and those large objects all produce continuous spectra. Even though these ordinary-sized things were easy to do experiments with, it had still taken a long time to figure out the law (physics)laws that govern them. Now physicists were dealing with things too small to see, things that did not produce continuous spectra, and were trying to find a way to at least get clues from what they already knew that would help them find the laws of these small and gapped-out light sources.

The original equations dealt with a kind of vibrating body that would produce a wave, a little like the way a reed in an organ would produce a sound wave of a characteristic frequency. So there was motion back and forward (like the vibrating of a reed) and there was an emitted wave that could be graphed as a sine wave. Much of what had earlier been figured out about physics on the level had to do with electrons moving around nuclei. When a mass moves in an orbit, when it rotates around some kind of a hub, it has what is called "angular momentum." Angular momentum is the way that something like a merry-go-round will continue to rotate after people have stopped pushing it. The math used for phase calculations and angular momentum is complicated. On top of that, Heisenberg did not show all of his calculations in his 1925 paper, so even good mathematicians might have trouble filling out what he did not say.
Even though many physicists said they could not figure out the various math steps in Heisenberg's breakthrough paper, one recent article that tries to explain how Heisenberg got his result uses twenty math-filled pages. Even that article is not easy to understand. The math started with some really hard stuff and would eventually produce something relatively simple that is shown at the top of this article. Getting the simpler result was not easy, and we are not going to try to show the process of getting from an outdated picture of the universe to the new quantum physics. We need just enough detail to show that almost as soon as Heisenberg made his breakthrough a part of how the universe works that nobody had ever seen before came into view.

Heisenberg must have been very excited but also very tired when, late at night, he finally made his breakthrough and started proving to himself that it would work. Almost right away he noticed something strange, something that he thought was an annoying little problem that he could make go away somehow. But it turned out that this little nuisance was a big discovery.

Heisenberg had been working toward multiplying amplitudes by amplitudes, and now he had a good way to express amplitude using his new equation. Naturally he was thinking about multiplication, and about how he would multiply things that were given in terms of complicated equations.

Heisenberg realized that besides squaring amplitude he would eventually want to multiply position by momentum, or multiply energy by time, and it looked like it would make a difference if he turned the order around in these new cases. Heisenberg did not think it should matter if one multiplied position by momentum or if one multiplied momentum by position. If they had been just simple numbers there would have been no problem. But they were both complicated equations, and how you got the numbers to plug into the equations turned out to be different depending on which way you got started. In nature you had to measure position and then measure momentum, or else you had to measure momentum and then measure position, and in math the same general situation prevailed. (See the English Wikipedia article if you want to learn the fussy details!) The tiny but pesky differences between results were going to remain, not matter how much Heisenberg wished they would go away.

At the time Heisenberg could not get rid of that one little problem, but he was exhausted, so he handed his work in to his immediate supervisor, Max Born, and went on vacation.

Max Born was a remarkable mathematician who soon saw that the equation that Heisenberg had given him was a sort of recipe for writing a matrix. Dr. Born was one of the few people at that time who was interested in this odd kind of math that most people figured was not good for very much. He knew that matrices could be multiplied, so doing all the calculations for accounting for one physics problem could be handled by multiplying one matrix by another. Just being able to put a complicated procedure into a standard and acceptable form would make it easier to work with. It might also make it easier for other people to accept.

Born was such a good mathematician that he almost immediately realized that switching the order of multiplying the two matrices would produce a different result, and the results would differ by a small amount. That amount would be h/2πi. In everyday life, that difference would be so small that we could not even see it.

It took a couple of years, but Heisenberg was able to prove the Uncertainty Principle, which says that Δx × Δp = h/2, which is the number that comes out of the original equations but leaves out the π and the i that have to do with phase changes. Heisenberg explained that he derived his uncertainty principle from this earlier result when he wrote a paper in 1927 introducing this theory.

The constant written h, called the Planck constant, is a mysterious number that often occurs, so we need to understand what this tiny number is. Numerically, it is usually given as 6.62607×10^-34 J s (joule seconds). So it is a quantity that involves energy and time.

It was discovered when Planck realized that the energy of a perfect radiator (called a black-body radiator) is emitted in units of definite size called "quanta" (the singular of this word is "quantum"). Radiated energy is emitted as photons, and the frequency of a photon is proportional to the "punch" it delivers. We experience different frequencies of visible light as different colors. At the violet end of the spectrum, each photon has a relatively large amount of energy; at the red end of the spectrum each photon has a relatively small amount of energy. The way to calculate the amount of energy of a photon is given by the equation E = hν (energy equals the Planck constant times "nu" or frequency).

The Heisenberg uncertainty principle Δx × Δp ≥ h tells us that whenever we try to measure certain pairs of numbers we cannot get both values with high accuracy. More accuracy of x means less accuracy of p. In other words, the less Δx, the greater Δp.

Another pair of physical quantities goes according to the uncertainty relationship: ΔE × Δt ≥ h, and that pair indicates, among other things, that if we look in interstellar space, some place where we would not expect to find anything at all, and we reduce Δt closer and closer to 0, then to keep the balance shown in the equation ΔE has to get larger and larger—and suddenly something with momentum can pop into existence just for that brief period of time.

How is this indeterminacy (lack of certainty) to be explained? What is going on in the Universe? It is often said that a new theory that is successful can provide new information about the phenomena under investigation. Heisenberg created a math model that predicted the correct intensities for the bright-line spectrum of hydrogen, but without intending to do so he discovered that certain pairs of physical quantities disclose an unexpected uncertainty. Up until that moment nobody had any idea that measurements could not be forever made more and more precise and accurate. The fact that they could not be made more certain, more definite, was a stunning new discovery. Many people were not willing to accept it.

Bohr and his colleagues argued that photons, electrons, etc. do not have either position or momentum until they are measured. This theoretical position grew out of the discovery of uncertainty, and was not just some personal preference on what to believe. Bohr said that we know nothing about something like a photon or electron until we observe it. In order to observe such a small thing we need to interact with it somehow. In everyday life it is possible to do something like walking alongside an automobile while marking down the times it crosses points on a grid drawn on the pavement. Perhaps the weight of the automobile itself will depress little levers in the pavement that turn off clocks attached to each of them and record the automobile's weight. In the end we would have a clear record of where the car was at various times, and also could compute its direction of progress and weight. We could then know, at any time on the clock, both its position and its momentum (its velocity multiplied by its mass). We would not even imagine that the force required to move the little levers would have any influence on the progress of the car. We would also not imagine that the automobile had no location or trajectory between the points on the pavement where there are levers, or that the car exists in a kind of three-dimensional blur during those times and only settles down while it is depressing a lever. The world that we are familiar with does not reveal these strange kinds of interactions.

To locate a ship on the sea during the darkest night we could use a searchlight, and that light would not disturb the position or direction of travel of the ship, but locating an electron with light would require hitting it with one or more photons each having enough momentum to disturb the position and trajectory of the electron. Locating the electron with other means would involve holding it in some kind of physical restraint that would also terminate its forward movement.

To locate a photon, the best that can be done without terminating its forward movement is to make it go through a circular hole in a barrier. If one knows the time at which the photon was emitted (by a laser, for instance) and the time that the photon arrives at a detection screen such as a digital camera, then it is possible to compute the time required to travel that distance and the time at which the photon was passing through the hole. However, to permit the photon to pass through it, the circular hole must have a diameter greater than the size of the photon. The smaller the circular hole is made, the closer we come to knowing the exact position of the photon as it goes through it. However, we can never know whether the photon is off-center at that time. If the hole is exactly the same size as the photon it won't pass through. As the diameter of the hole is decreased, the momentum or the direction of the photon as it leaves the hole is more and more greatly changed.

Niels Bohr and his colleagues argued that we get into big trouble if we assume to be true of the things that are too small to be seen even with a microscope anything that we have proof for only on the scale of everyday life. In everyday life, things have a definite position at all times. On the atomic scale, we have no evidence to support that conclusion. In everyday life, things have a definite time at which they occur. On the atomic scale, we have no evidence to support that conclusion. In everyday life, if one observes a factory from the night shift of day one to the day shift of day two and one sees a finished automobile rolled out to the shipping dock it would make no sense to say that it is impossible to tell whether it was delivered during the night shift or during the day shift. But on the atomic scale, we can show instances when we have to count a single photon as having been produced at two times. (If that is not bad enough, we can also show instances where a single photon is produced from two adjacent lasers.)

Part of the difficulty with finding out what is happening on the atomic scale is that we would like to know both where something is and what its trajectory is, and to know both things for the same time, but we cannot measure both position and trajectory at the same time. We either measure the momentum of a photon or electron at one time and then without any more delay than necessary measure its position, or we switch things around and measure position first and momentum second. The problem is that in making the first one take on a pretty definite form (by squeezing down on it in some way) we increase the uncertainty involved in the next measurement. If our initial measurements were so crude that lots of error was introduced in each, then we could improve things by using a lighter touch to do each of them, but we could never get beyond a certain limit of accuracy.

We know from everyday life that trying to weigh something on a bathroom scale placed on a washing machine in spin cycle will produce inaccurate results because the needle on the scale will jiggle badly. We can turn off the washing machine. But for very accurate measurements we find that trucks going by in the neighborhood make the needle jiggle, so we can put the scale on a something to insulate it from the outside disturbances. We believe that we can eliminate vibrations enough to give us results just as accurate as we want. We never consider that the thing on the scale is itself vibrating or that it possesses an indefinite momentum.

Arguing backwards from the Uncertainty Principle, it looks as though there is in fact no definite position and no definite momentum for any atomic scale thing, and that experimenters can only force things into definiteness within the limit stated by the Uncertainty Principle. Bohr and his colleagues only argued that we could not know anything without making measurements, and when measurements were made we can push things in the direction of more definite position or more definite momentum, but that we can't get the absolute definiteness or certainty that we would like. But others took the possibility seriously, and argued that if the math is right then there cannot be definiteness or certainty in the world of the ultra small. The nature of science is that the math is only a model of reality, and there is no guarantee that it is a correct model.

The math and the practical consequences of the things that the math predicts are so reliable that they are very hard to disagree with, but what the math says about the real world has produced several different ideas. Among the scientists who worked with Niels Bohr in Copenhagen, the uncertainty principle was taken to mean that on an elementary level the physical universe does not exist in a deterministic form. Rather, it is a collection of probabilities or potentials.

Counter to the story woven around the math by the Copenhagen group, there are other stories such as the "multiple universes interpretation" that says that every time there are multiple possible outcomes according to quantum theory, each outcomes occurs in its own new universe. Einstein argued that there are no multiple possible outcomes, so there is only one universe and it is determinate, or, as he put it, "God does not play dice."

Albert Einstein saw that the new quantum mechanics implied a lack of position and momentum in the time prior to measurements being made, and he objected strongly. He firmly believed that things had definite positions and definite momentums before they were measured, and that the fact that measuring one of a pair of things and disturbing the possibility of accurately measuring the other does not argue for there being a lack of either of them beforehand. He and two of his colleagues wrote what has come to be known as the "EPR paper." That paper argues that there must be characteristics that do determine position and momentum, and that if we could see them, or if we can get information about them, then we can mathematically know and predict position and momentum. For a long time people thought that there was no way to prove or disprove what was for Einstein an article of faith. The argument was very productive because it led to all the modern developments in entanglement.

Mathematically, Einstein has been proven wrong. In 1964 John Stewart Bell developed a math method to distinguish between the behavior of two particles that have determinate states that are merely unknown to the two individuals that investigate them, and two particles that have entangled states that are indeterminate or uncertain until they are measured. His method shows that the probabilities for getting certain results are different under the two different assumptions. His work is called Bell's theorem or Bell's Inequality. Experiments have shown that nature behaves as Bell describes it.

The initial discussions of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle depended on a model that did not consider that particles of matter such as electrons, protons, etc. have a wavelength. In 1926 Louis de Broglie showed that all things, not just photons, have their own frequency. Things have a wave nature and a particle nature, just as photons do. If we try to make the wave of a thing like a proton narrower and taller, that would make its position clearer, but then the momentum would get less well defined. If we try to make the momentum part of a wave description clearer, i.e., make it stay within a narrower range of values, then the wave peak spreads out and its position becomes less definite.

The wave that is part of the description of a photon is, in quantum mechanics, not the same kind of thing as a wave on the surface of the ocean or the regions of compressed air and rarefied air that make up sound waves. Instead, these wave have peaks or high amplitude regions that have to do with probability of finding something at that point in space and time. More precisely, it is the square of the amplitude that gives the probability of some phenomenon showing up.

The wave that applies to a photon might be a pure sine wave. In that case, the square of the value of every peak would give the probability of observing the photon at that point. Since the amplitudes of the sine waves are everywhere the same, the probability for finding the photon at each of them would be the same. So, practically speaking, knowing the wave for one of these photons would not give a clue about where to look for it. On the other hand, the momentum of a photon is mathematically related to the amplitude of its wave. Since in this case we have a pure sine wave, the amplitude of every cycle of the wave is the same and therefore there is only one momentum value associated with this wave. We would not know where the photon would hit, but we would know exactly how hard it would hit.

In beams of light that focus on some point on a detection screen, the waves associated with the photons are not pure sine waves. Instead, they are waves with high amplitude at one point and much lower amplitudes on either side of that highest peak. Mathematically it is possible to analyze such a wave into a number of different sine waves of different wavelengths. It is a little easier to visualize the reverse of this process by looking at an initial sine wave of one frequency to which is added a second sine wave of a different wavelength, then a third, then a fourth, and so on. The result will be a complex wave showing one high peak and containing a large number of waves of different wavelengths and therefore of different momentums. In that case, the probability that the photon will appear at a certain point is extremely high, but the momentum it delivers can turn out to be related to the wavelength of any one of the component waves. In other words, the value of p = ħ/λ is no longer a single value because all the lengths of the assembled "waves of different wavelength" have to be taken into account.

The simulation shows how to mathematically model the sharpening up of the location of a particle: Superimpose many different wave forms over the original sine wave. The center will form a higher and higher peak, and the rest of the peaks will be increased in number but decreased in height because they will interfere with each other. So in the end there are many different waves in the superposition, each with a different wavelength and (by p = ħ/λ) a different momentum, but only one very high peak, one that grows higher and narrower and gives us something closer and closer to a determinate position.

To make momentum more and more definite, we would have to take away more and more of the superimposed sine waves until we had only a simple sine wave left. In so doing we would progressively diminish the height of the central peak and progressively increase the heights of the competing places where one might find the particle.

So when we start with a wave picture of subatomic particles we typically will always deal with cases with relatively tall central peaks and relatively many component wavelengths. There never will be an exact position or an exact momentum predicted under these circumstances. If the mathematical model is an accurate representation of the real world, then no photon or other subatomic particle has either an exact position or a definite momentum. When we measure such a particle we can choose a method that further squeezes the peak and makes it narrower, or we can choose a method that lowers the peak and evens out the component wavelengths. Depending on what we measure and how we measure it, we can make our location come out more definite or we can make our momentum range narrower. We can take care in designing the experiment to avoid various ways of jiggling the apparatus, but we cannot get rid of the fact that there was nothing completely definite to begin with.

The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle has greatly influenced arguments about free will. Under the theories of classical physics it is possible to argue that the laws of cause and effect are inexorable and that once the universe began in a certain way the interactions of all matter and energy to occur in the future could be calculated from that initial state. Since everything is absolutely the result of what came before it, they argued, every decision a human being makes and every situation into which that human being enters was predetermined since the beginning of time. We then have no choice in what we do.

People who believe in free will argue that the laws of quantum mechanics do not predict what will happen but only what is more and what is less likely to occur. Therefore, every action is the result of a series of random "coin tosses" and no decision could be traced back to a set of necessary preconditions.

The expressions "quantum leap" and "quantum jump" have become ordinary ways of talking about things. Usually people intend to describe something as involving a huge change that occurs over a short period of time. The term actually applies to the way an electron behaves in an atom either when it absorbs a photon coming in from the outside and so jumps from one orbit around the atom's nucleus to a higher orbit, or when it emits a photon and so falls from a higher orbit to a lower orbit. The idea of Niels Bohr and his colleagues was that the electron does not move between orbits but instead it disappears from one orbit and instantaneously appears in another orbit. So a quantum jump is really not some earth shattering change, but a sudden tiny change.

When humans measure some process on the subatomic scale and the uncertainty principle manifests itself, then human action can be said to have influenced the thing that was being measured. Making a measurement intended to get a definite indication of a particle's location will inevitably influence its momentum and whatever is done to measure that momentum as soon as possible after measuring its position, the probabilities of what momentum will be discovered cannot fail to have been changed. So the uncertainty principle can explain some kinds of interference produced by investigators that influence the results of an experiment or an observation. However, not all observer effects are due to quantum effects or the uncertainty principle. The remainder are "observer effects" but not quantum uncertainty effects.

Observer effects include all kinds of things that operate at our ordinary human scale of events. If an anthropologist tries to get a clear idea of life in a primitive society but his or her presence upsets the community he or she is visiting, then the observations made may be very misleading. However, none of the relevant interactions occur at the level described by quantum mechanics or the uncertainty principle.

Sometimes the word "quantum" will be used for advertising purposes to indicate something new and powerful. For instance, the manufacturer of small gasoline motors, Briggs and Stratton, has one line of four-cylinder low horsepower motors for gasoline mowers and similar garden tools that it calls "Quantum."

Louis de Broglie, Noonday, 1958
Werner Heisenberg
Originally published in German, "Zs. Phys. 33 (1925) 879-893. English translation:
"Sources of Quantum Mechanics," pp. 261–276. B. L. Van Der Waerden, Dover.
Ian J. R. Aitchison, David A. MacManus, Thomas M. Snyder. https://arxiv.org/abs/quant-ph/0404009
http://philsci-archive.pitt.edu/8590/1/Heis1935_EPR_Final_translation.pdf <br>
In translation, its title is: "Is a deterministic completion of quantum mechanics possible?" and the translators are Elise Crull and Guido Bacciagaluppi. The translation is dated 02 May 2011.

J.P. McEvoy and Oscar Zarate

Assyria

In the Middle Bronze Age, Assyria was a city state on the Upper Tigris river, named after its capital, the ancient city of Assur. 

The Assyrians were just to the north of their rivals, the Babylonians. All the kingdoms of ancient Mesopotamia used the cuneiform writing system invented by the Sumerians.

Assyrians are an ethnic group whose descendants remain in what is today Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Syria, but who have gone to the Caucasus, North America and Western Europe during the past century. Hundreds of thousands more live in Assyrian Diaspora and Iraqi Refugees Communities in Europe, the former Soviet Union, The United States, Australia, New Zealand, Syria, Jordan, and Lebanon.


Forum

Forum (plural "forums" or "fora") may mean:

Yuri Andropov

Yuri Vladimirovich Andropov (; 15 June 1914 – 9 February 1984) was a Soviet politician who briefly served as the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1982 until his death in 1984. He previously headed the KGB and played a role in suppressing dissent. Andropov's time in power was marked by a focus on domestic issues and efforts to combat corruption, but his tenure was cut short by his death.

Yuri Andropov was born on June 15, 1914, in Nagutskoye, Russia. His early life was shaped by the aftermath of the Russian Revolution, and he grew up during a period of significant political and social change. Andropov joined the Komsomol (Communist Youth League) in 1930 and became a member of the Communist Party in 1939. His career in the Soviet security apparatus began in the 1930s, and he steadily climbed the ranks. Andropov's intelligence work included serving as the Soviet ambassador to Hungary during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. His role in suppressing the uprising contributed to his reputation within the Communist Party leadership. Andropov continued to ascend in Soviet politics, becoming the head of the KGB in 1967. His leadership at the KGB was marked by a focus on suppressing dissent and maintaining strict control. In 1982, Yuri Andropov became the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, succeeding Leonid Brezhnev. Andropov focused on strengthening the USSR's global position. Domestically, he tightened control to suppress dissent, while internationally, he pursued a cautious approach, emphasizing arms control and improving relations with the West, yet maintaining Soviet influence in global affairs. His brief tenure limited the scope of major policy changes. However, his time as the leader was short-lived, as he passed away in 1984.

Andropov lived at 26 Kutuzovsky Prospekt with Leonid Brezhnev and Mikhail Suslov. Andropov married twice, Nina Ivanovna (Married 1935, Divorced 1941), and Tatyana Andropova (Married 1941). They had 4 children, Evgenia Andropova, Igor Andropov, Irina Andropova, and Vladimir Andropov.
Andropov faced various health issues, including kidney failure and diabetes. His health declined, leading to his death in 1984.

Andropov is often remembered for his short tenure and the crackdown on dissent. His legacy includes efforts to combat corruption and a focus on discipline in the Soviet system. His time in power was marked by political repression and a lack of significant reforms.

Van (disambiguation)

A van is a road vehicle used for transporting goods or groups of people.

Van or may also refer to:

In Turkey:


Van, Turkey

Van (Armenian ) is a city in eastern Turkey and the seat of Van Province. It is on the eastern shore of Lake Van. The city's population in 2005 was 284,464. According to the "Encyclopedia of the Orient", Kurds form the majority though no census based on ethnicity was ever held in Turkey.


Van Province

Van () is a province in eastern Turkey, between Lake Van and the Iranian border. It is 19,069 km in area and has a population of 1,035,418 at the end of 2010. Kurds form the majority.

In the 9th century BC, the Van area was the center of the Urartian kingdom. For centuries after that, the area was a major Armenian population center. After World War I Armenian population was forced to leave and was cleansed during the Armenian Genocide.



Urartian language

Urartian is the name for the language spoken by the people of the ancient kingdom of Urartu in northeast Anatolia (present-day Turkey), in the region of Lake Van.

Urartian was a language isolate, which was neither Semitic nor Indo-European, but a member of the Hurro-Urartian family.

There is a hypothesis that suggests that besides the cuneiform inscriptions of the Urartian language, Urartu had a native hieroglyphic writing system. Armenian scientist Artak Movsisyan published a partial attempt deciphering of Urartian hieroglyphs, saying that they were written in an early form of Armenian.




Yamaha Corporation

Yamaha is a Japanese multinational company that makes different products, including musical instruments such as keyboards.

Yamaha was founded in 1887 by "Torakusu Yamaha." Yamaha started when the founder "Torasku Yamaha when" he successfully completed the first reed organ It was named Nippon Gakki Company, Limited and produced pianos and reed organs at that time. In October 1987, on the 100th anniversary, its name was changed to The Yamaha Corporation. Yamaha produces several musical instruments including keyboards, flutes, guitars and things in a band. Yamaha also produces motorbikes, as well as the voice synthesizer Vocaloid. Yamaha is a big corporation and was founded 125 years ago.

In 1989, Yamaha shipped the world's first CD recorder. 

Grease (movie)

Grease is a 1978 American romantic comedy musical movie directed by Randal Kleiser and produced by Robert Stigwood. The movie tells the story of high-schoolers Rizzo (Stockard Channing), Kenickie (Jeff Conaway), Danny (John Travolta), Frenchy (Didi Conn) and Sandy (Olivia Newton-John).

Danny Zuko (John Travolta) and Sandy Olsson (Olivia Newton-John) meet in Los Angeles, California in summer 1959, and they fall in love. When Sandy has to leave to go back to Australia, they believe it is the end of their romance. However, Sandy gets transferred to his school and they meet again. When Danny sees Sandy again, he acts as if he does not care about her. He does this to keep up his reputation, but Sandy does not know this and wishes she has never met him. She and Danny date on and off, but Sandy becomes frustrated with him because of the way he treats her. At the end of the movie, Sandy transforms herself into the kind of woman Danny could truly love forever, and they get back together.

Eastern Time Zone

Eastern Time Zone (ET) is the time zone for the eastern part of the Americas including the United States, Canada and parts of South America and the Caribbean. ET is five hours behind UTC in winter, which is called Eastern Standard Time (EST). It is four hours behind UTC during summer Daylight saving time, when it is called Eastern Daylight Time (EDT).

The largest city in the Eastern Time Zone is New York City, which is the largest city in the United States. The New York metropolitan area is the largest in the zone.

In Canada, the following provinces and territories are part of the Eastern Time Zone:

In the United States, the following states are part of the Eastern Time Zone:
Parts of several other states use Eastern Time as well:

The following countries that use Eastern Time Zone include:


In South America this time zone is observed in: 

Armenian Legion

The Armenian Legion () or Armenische Legion was the name given to the 812th Armenian Battalion which was a foreign unit comprised of several thousand men.

Leaders Kanayan and Garegin Njdeh counted the support of over 18,000 Armenians.

In addition to this exclusively Armenian unit, Nazi Armenians also served in the thirty eight other SS divisions, including the elite Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler.


Garegin Njdeh

Garegin Njdeh (, real name: Garegin Ter-Harutiunian, 1 January 1886 - late 1955) was an Armenian statesman, military, and political thinker. He was a native of Nakhchivan.

Njdeh fled Armenia after the triumph of Bolsheviks, and was involved in patriotic activities in Iran, Bulgaria and the United States. A controversial person, he was expelled from Dashnak party. Njdeh was very much against communism. He worked with Nazi Germans during the World War II. He was arrested in Sofia, Bulgaria in 1944 and sent to Moscow, then to Yerevan. He spent the rest of his life in prison in the Russian city of Vladimir, where he dide in 1955.

Wehrmacht

The Wehrmacht was the name of the unified armed forces of Nazi Germany from 1935 to 1945. The "Wehrmacht" consisted of the "Heer" (army), the "Kriegsmarine" (navy) and the "Luftwaffe" (air force). Overall command of all these forces was "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht" (OKW).

The "Waffen-SS", an initially small armed section of Heinrich Himmler's Allgemeine SS that grew to nearly a million strong during World War II, was not part of the Wehrmacht, but subject to its Supreme Command.

Before the rise of the NSDAP, the term "Wehrmacht" was used in a generic sense to describe armed forces of any nation, being utilized as the "home defence" version of the more general "Streitmacht". For example, the term "Britische Wehrmacht" would identify the British armed forces. Article 47 of the Weimar Constitution of 1919 declared "Der Reichspräsident hat den Oberbefehl über die gesamte Wehrmacht des Reiches" (meaning: "The "Reichspräsident" holds supreme command of all armed forces of the "Reich""). To make a distinction, the term "Reichswehr" was commonly used to identify the German armed forces.

In 1935, the "Reichswehr" was renamed "Wehrmacht". After World War II and under the Allied occupation of Germany, the "Wehrmacht" was abolished.

Today the term "Wehrmacht" refers to Germany's armed forces during the Nazi Germany era and World War II, both in German and English. Note: The "Wehrmacht" was not only the army ("Wehrmacht Heer"). Wehrmacht vehicles used by "Heer", "Luftwaffe" or "Kriegsmarine" had license plates with WH, WL or WM.

World War I ended with the armistice (ceasefire) of 11 November 1918. The armed forces were called "Friedensheer" (peace army) in January 1919. In March 1919, the national assemby passed a law founding a 420,000 strong preliminary army as "Vorläufige Reichswehr". The terms of the Treaty of Versailles were announced in May and, in June, Germany was forced to sign the contract. Among other terms, the army was limited to one hundred thousand men with fifteen thousand more in the navy. Tanks and heavy artillery were forbidden and the air force was dissolved. A new post-war military (the Reichswehr) was established on 23 March 1921.

Germany immediately found ways not to keep to these conditions. A secret collaboration with the Soviet Union began after the treaty of Rapallo. Germany helped the Soviet Union with industrialisation and Soviet officers were to be trained in Germany. German tank and air force specialists could exercise in the Soviet Union. German chemical weapons research and manufacture would be done there, plus other projects. Around three hundred German pilots received training at "Lipetsk", some tank training took place near "Kazan" and toxic gas was developed at "Saratov" for the German army.

After the death of President Paul von Hindenburg on 2 August 1934, Hitler assumed the office of Reichspräsident, and thus became commander in chief. All officers and soldiers of the German armed forces had to swear a personal oath of loyalty to the "Führer", as Adolf Hitler now was called. By 1935, Germany was openly breaking the military restrictions of the Versailles Treaty, and conscription was reintroduced on 16 March 1935.

The size of the standing army remained at about the 100,000-man mark decreed by the treaty, but a new group of conscripts equal to this size would receive training each year. The conscription law formalized the name "Wehrmacht". The existence of the Wehrmacht was officially announced on 15 October 1935 under Nazi authority. The insignia was a simpler version of the Iron Cross (the straight-armed so-called "Balkenkreuz" or beamed cross). This had been used as an aircraft and tank marking late in World War I.

The German Army (Wehrmacht) entered the war with a minority of its formations motorized; infantry remained approximately 90% foot-borne throughout the war, and artillery primarily horse-drawn. The motorized formations received much attention in the world press in the opening years of the war, and were cited as the reason for the success of the German invasions of Poland (September 1939), Norway (April 1940), Denmark, Belgium, France and Netherlands (May 1940), Yugoslavia (April 1941) and the early campaigns in the Soviet Union (June 1941).

With the entry of the United States in December 1941, the Wehrmacht found itself engaged in ground campaigns against two major industrial powers. At this critical juncture, Hitler assumed personal control of the Wehrmacht high command, and his personal failings as a military commander arguably contributed to major defeats in the spring of 1943, at Stalingrad and Tunis in North Africa.

The German Air Force (Luftwaffe), led by Hermann Göring, contributed many units of ground forces to the war in Russia as well as the Normandy front. In 1940, the Fallschirmjäger paratroops conquered the Belgian Fort Eben-Emael and took part in the airborne invasion of Norway, but after suffering heavy losses in the Battle of Crete, large scale airdrops were discontinued. Operating as ordinary infantry, the 1st Fallschirmjäger Division took part in the Battle of Monte Cassino.

The German Navy (Kriegsmarine) played a major role in the Second World War as control over the commerce routes in the Atlantic was crucial for Germany, Britain and later the Soviet Union. In the Battle of the Atlantic, the initially successful German U-boat fleet arm was eventually defeated due to Allied technological advances like sonar, radar, and the breaking of the Enigma code. Large surface vessels were few in number due to construction limitations by international treaties prior to 1935. The "pocket battleships" Admiral Graf Spee and Admiral Scheer were important as commerce raiders only in the opening year of the war. No aircraft carrier was operational as German leadership lost interest in the Graf Zeppelin which had been launched in 1938. Following the loss of Bismarck in 1941, with Allied air superiority threatening the remaining battlecruisers in French Atlantic harbours, the ships were ordered to go back to German ports.

Although the Waffen-SS (Armed SS) was not technically a part of the Wehrmacht, they were under the control of the Wehrmacht High Command during World War 2. They were considered as elite troops, and suffered heavy losses (more than the normal army).

The Wehrmacht was used as a tool of state policy in the Second World War, for both military and political aims. There is considerable controversy over the allegations that the Wehrmacht was found to be significantly rather than incidentally involved in the Holocaust, especially because the elements of the SS and Gestapo involved in the Holocaust were not the Waffen-SS and not under the control of the OKW or field commanders. The Wehrmacht ordered and participated in massacres of civilians for reprisals, executions of prisoners of war, summary executions of Soviet political officers and executions of military and civilian hostages as punishment for partisan activities in occupied territories.However, the oft-repeeated claim of breaking the Geneva convention by its treatment of Russian prisoners of war is not correct. Common Clause 2 of the Geneva Convention states that the treatment requirements apply where both parties are signatories of the Conventions. The Germans were signatories, The Russians refused to sign.




Drastamat Kanayan

General Drastamat Kanayan (May 31, 1884 – March 8, 1956) was an Armenian politician, revolutionary, and general. He was the commander of the Armenian Legion of the Wehrmacht, the armed forces of Nazi Germany and part of Armenian national liberation movement.

Drastamat Kanayan was born in Iğdır, Surmalu, Russian Empire (present-day Turkey) in 1884.

Jack White

John Anthony Gillis (born July 9, 1975), known as Jack White,
is an American singer, guitarist, composer and actor. He is best known as one half of The White Stripes with his ex-wife Meg White.

Because of his successful career with The White Stripes, he has gotten the chance to work many other famous musicians, including Bob Dylan and Loretta Lynn. He has performed many different genres of music, including blues music, folk music, alternative rock, garage rock, and indie music, among other music, in his songs. 

He married model Karen Elson in 2005. They currently have two children, Scarlett Teresa White and Henry Lee White. As of today, they live in Nashville, Tennessee.

Meg White

Meg White (born December 10, 1974) is an American former musician and singer. She is known as the drummer for The White Stripes.

Meg's simple style of drumming has caused a lot of debate. Meg called it "my strength. A lot of drummers would feel weird about being that simplistic."

Adriatic Sea

The Adriatic Sea is a body of water and is a part of the Mediterranean Sea. The Italian Peninsula from the Balkan Peninsula was separated by the sea. Countries that have a coastline in the Adriatic Sea are Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Albania.

The average width of the sea is about 160 km. The Strait of Otranto joins the Adriatic Sea and the Ionian Sea and is only 85 to 100 km wide. The sea is very shallow. Its average depth is 240 m (133 fathoms). The sea is deepest east of Monte Gargano and south of Dubrovnik where it dips below 1,460 m (800 fathoms).

Time in Australia

Mainland Australia has three official time zones. The full names of the time zones are usually shortened by dropping the "Australian". Most Australian external territories are in different time zones. Many parts of Australia have daylight saving time.

The three official standard time zones were set up in February 1895.

Originally South Australia was nine hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) but in May 1899 they added another thirty minutes to that. Some people have disliked having this non-whole number of hours difference. In 1986 and 1994 they tried to take the thirty minutes away again or add another thirty minutes but they failed.

When the Australian Capital Territory separated from New South Wales they kept using Eastern Standard Time. When the Northern Territory separated from South Australia they kept using Central Standard Time.

There have been some other changes.

Australia's many outside territories follow their own time zones. None follow daylight saving time.

South Australia, New South Wales, the Australian Capital Territory, Victoria and Tasmania use daylight saving time every year. In these regions daylight saving time begins on the first Sunday in October at 2:00 am local standard time, and ends on the first Sunday in April at 3:00 am local daylight saving time. The starting and finishing times are sometimes changed when there are special events, such as the Olympic and Commonwealth Games, in Australia.

The Northern Territory, Queensland and Western Australia do not have daylight saving time. People living in the northern parts of Australia tend not to be in favour of daylight saving.



Human sacrifice

Human sacrifice is the act of killing a human being as an offering to a deity or other, normally supernatural power.

It was practiced in many ancient cultures. The practice was different in different cultures.
Some like the Mayans and Aztecs were notorious for their ritual killings, while other cultures have condemned the practice as barbaric.

Victims were ritually killed in a manner that was supposed to please or appease gods or spirits. Victims ranged from slaves or prisoners to aristocrats, and from infants to the elderly. In Ancient Rome, Vestal Virgins who broke their vow of chastity, were ritually killed with their stomach's cut open, with a sharp stone or knife and their hearts were burned. But most often, they were buried alive.

Over time human sacrifice has become less common around the world, and sacrifices are now very rare. Most religions condemn the practice and present-day laws generally treat it as murder. Nonetheless, it is still occasionally seen today, especially in the least developed areas of the world where traditional beliefs persist.

Human sacrifice has been done through numerous methods including the following:

The ancient Middle Eastern kingdom of Phoenicia practiced sacrifice of children to their god Moloch. It was believed to be evil by the Jewish authors of the Bible.

The Aztecs were particularly noted for practicing human sacrifice on a large scale; an offering to Huitzilopochtli would be made to restore the blood he lost, as the sun was engaged in a daily battle. Human sacrifices would prevent the end of the world that could happen on each cycle of 52 years. In the 1487 re-consecration of the Great Temple of Tenochtitlan many prisoners were sacrificed. 

Tlaloc would require weeping boys in the first months of the Aztec calendar to be ritually murdered.

A number of mummies of sacrificed children have been recovered in the Inca regions of South America.





Tomomi Kahala

Tomomi Kahala, sometimes spelled Kahara ( "Kahara Tomomi" born August 17, 1974 in Tokyo) is a Japanese female singer. Her nickname is "Tomochan", and special skill is Horse riding. Her most famous song is ""I'm Proud"", ""I Believe"".


Observer effect

The observer effect, or observer bias, means several things in different situations, although there are similarities.

In science, the term observer effect means that the act of observing will influence the phenomenon being observed.

For example, for us to "see" an electron, a photon must first interact with it, and this interaction will change the path of that electron. It is also theoretically possible for other, less direct means of measurement to affect the electron; even if the electron is simply put into a position where observing it is "possible", without actual observation taking place, it will still (theoretically) alter its position.

In physics, a more mundane observer effect can be the result of instruments that by necessity alter the state of what they measure. In electronics, ammeters and voltmeters usually need to be connected to the circuit, and so by their very presence affect the current or the voltage they are measuring. A standard mercury-in-glass thermometer must absorb some thermal energy to record a temperature, and therefore changes the temperature of the body which it is measuring.

A misunderstanding of the term refers to quantum mechanics, where, if the outcome of an event has not been observed, it exists in a state of '', which is something like being in all possible states at once. In the famous thought experiment known as Schrödinger's cat, the cat is empirically neither alive nor dead until observed – until that time, the cat is theoretically "both" alive and dead (technically half-alive and half-dead in probability terms). However, most quantum physicists, in resolving Schrödinger's seeming paradox, now understand that the acts of 'observation' and 'measurement' must also be defined in quantum terms before the question makes sense. From this point of view, there is no 'observer effect', only one vastly entangled quantum system. A significant minority still find the equations point to an observer; , who probably worked more deeply on this subject than any physicist thus far, devised a graphic in which the universe was represented by a "U" with an eye on one end, turned around and viewing itself, to describe his understanding.

The Heisenberg uncertainty principle is also frequently, confused with the "observer effect". The uncertainty principle actually describes how precisely we may measure the position and momentum of a particle at the same time – if we increase the precision in measuring one quantity, we are forced to lose precision in measuring the other. Thus, the uncertainty principle deals with "measurement", and not "observation". The idea that the Uncertainty Principle is caused by disturbance (and hence by observation) is not considered to be valid by some, although it was discussed in the early years of quantum mechanics, and is often repeated in popular treatments.

There is a related issue in quantum mechanics relating to whether systems have pre-existing – prior to measurement, that is – properties corresponding to measurements that could possibly be made on them. The assumption that they do is often referred to as "realism" in the literature, although it has been argued that the word "realism" is being used in a more restricted sense than philosophical realism. A recent experiment in the realm of quantum physics has been quoted as meaning that we have to "say goodbye" to realism, although the author of the paper states only that "we would [..] have to give up certain intuitive features of realism". These experiments demonstrate a puzzling relationship between the act of measurement and the system being measured, but it is unclear if they require a conscious observer or not.

In information technology, the observer effect refers to potential impact of the act of observing a process output while the process is running. For example, if a process records its progress in a log file, the act of viewing the file while the process is running could cause an I/O error in the process, which could cause it to stop.

Another example would be observing the performance of a CPU by running both the observed and observing programs on the same CPU. This will lead to inaccurate results because the observer program itself affects the CPU performance.

Observing (or rather, "debugging") a running program by modifying its source code (such as adding extra output or generating log files) or by running it in a debugger may sometimes cause certain bugs to diminish or change their behavior. This makes more difficulty for the person trying to isolate the so-called "Heisenbug".

In the social sciences and general usage, the effect refers to how people change their behavior when aware of being watched (see Hawthorne effect). For instance, in the armed forces, an announced inspection is used to see how well soldiers can do when they put their minds to it, while a surprise inspection is used to see how well prepared they generally are.

The related social-science term observer bias is error introduced into measurement when observers overemphasize behavior they expect to find and fail to notice behavior they do not expect. This is why medical trials are normally organized as double-blind tests. Observer bias can also be introduced because researchers see a subject doing something, and interpret it according to what it means to them, whereas it may mean something else to the subject. 


Canton Township, Michigan

Canton, Michigan is a township in Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the township had a population of 98,659. The FBI decided that it is the 20th safest city in the United States. The average household in Canton earns $84,000 dollars.

Probability theory

Probability theory is the part of mathematics that studies random situations. Probability theory usually studies random events, random variables, stochastic processes, and non-deterministic events (events that do not follow a simple pattern). 

Tossing a coin, winning the lottery, or rolling a die are random events. However, random events have certain patterns, which can be studied and predicted, using probability theory. 

Scientists can use probability theory to obtain information about things that would be too complex to deal with, like statistical mechanics. Also, scientists discovered (in the 20th century) that atoms, and everything that we know, obeys something called quantum mechanics, which uses lots of probability theory.

The theory of probability was created by Gerolamo Cardano, a medical doctor and gambler who tried to calculate his luck. Years later, Pierre de Fermat and Blaise Pascal helped develop Cardano's theory. 

Today, probability theory is used in statistics, which is useful to all kinds of areas: like medicine, economy, Science, Mathematics... 


The Raven

"The Raven" is a narrative poem by American writer Edgar Allan Poe, first published on January 29, 1845. It tells the story of a mysterious talking raven who visits a lover; it shows how the lover is slowly going insane. It is often called Poe's most famous poem, its publication made him famous in his day, and today it is still one of the most recognized and respected poems in American literature.

Mayan civilization

The Maya civilization and Mayan religion. They lived there for a long time and some of the Maya people live there even today.

The Mayans lived there 4,000 years ago (about 2000 BC). At that date complex societies were living in the Mayan region. The staple foods of the Maya diet were cultivated. Their food included maize, beans, squashes, and chili peppers. The first Maya cities developed around 750 BC.

The Mayan people used a written language and a numeral system. They were good at art, building, and their priests studied stars and planets, which helped them make calendars.

The Mayan civilisation was biggest between the years of 420 AD and 900 AD. The Mayan civilisation spread all the way from central Mexico to Honduras, Guatemala, and northern El Salvador. It is estimated that at its maximum, the civilization had at least ten million people. The Maya people traded with other people in the Americas. Their art and buildings have many different styles. This shows they traded a lot. They made changes to their buildings to make them even better. The Maya civilization started getting smaller after 900 AD.

The Conquistadors arrived in the 15th century and took over Mexico and later Central America, even in the Mayann areas. However, the Maya people still live there today. They live in the same areas the Mayan civilization used to live in. They keep the old Mayan traditions and beliefs.
There are many Mayan languages still spoken today, including one called the Achi language. A play called "Rabinal Achi" is considered important.

The people of the Maya civilization lived in three different areas: the southern Maya highlands, the central lowlands, and the northern lowlands. They had many different types of land, including mountains and dry plains. People living in the low plains by the sea were affected by hurricanes and tropical storms from the Caribbean.

The area covered what we now call the southern Mexican states of Chiapas and Tabasco, and the Yucatán Peninsula states of Quintana Roo, Campeche and Yucatán. They also included where we now call Guatemala, Belize, El Salvador and western Honduras.

The first Maya settlements started about 1800 BC. They lived in the Soconusco region, now the state of Chiapas in Mexico, on the Pacific Ocean. This is called the "early pre-classic period" in Mayan history'. People in Central America had been nomads who went from place to place to find food and shelter. Around this time they began to settle down.They started to farm animals and make pottery and small clay figures. They buried their dead in simple burial mounds. Later they started to make these mounds into step pyramids.

There were other people around at the time, especially in the north. The Olmec, the Mixe-Zoque, and Zapotec civilizations mostly lived in the area we now call Oaxaca. We don't know exactly where the borders of the Maya civilization were. Many of the most important early examples of writing and buildings appeared in north, so these cultures probably affected the Maya civilization.

From about 250 to 909, the Maya civilization built many monuments and cities, and made many important carvings. The "southern lowlands" were an important place at the time. The Maya civilization made many discoveries about art and thinking there.

Like Ancient Greece, their civilization was made up of numerous cities, which all worked in different ways. People gathered around these cities to farm. Well-known cities were Tikal, Palenque, Copán and Calakmul. Lesser-known cities were Dos Pilas, Uaxactun, Altun Ha, and Bonampak, among others. In general, we know more about where the cities were in the south than we do in the north. Some northern cities we do know about were Oxkintok, Chunchucmil, and Uxmal.

Their most famous monuments are the pyramids they built as part of their religious centers, and the palaces. The palace at Cancuén is the largest we know about in the Maya area. The Maya also made carved stone slabs which they called "tetun", or "tree-stones". These slabs show rulers along with hieroglyphic writing describing their family, military victories, and other things that they did well.

The Maya had trade routes that ran over long distances. They traded with many other Mesoamerican cultures, such as Teotihuacan, the Zapotec, and other groups in central and gulf-coast Mexico. They also traded with groups that were farther away. For example, people who study the Maya civilization found gold from Panama in the Sacred well at Chichen Itza.

Some important things they traded were cacao, salt, sea shells, jade and obsidian.

Between 900 AD and 1000 AD, the cities in the southern lowlands had more and more problems until all the people left. The Maya civilization there stopped making big monuments and carvings. People who study the Maya civilization are not sure why this happened. They have many different ideas - some people think there was a big environmental disaster, or a disease affected a lot of people, or there were just too many people for the amount of food they could grow.

In the north, the Maya civilization kept going. Other cultures started mixing with Mayan culture much more. Some of the important sites in this time were Chichen Itza, Uxmal, Edzná, and Coba. At some point, the families who ruled over Chichen and Uxmal got weaker and the rulers in the city of Mayapan ruled all of the Mayan civilization in the Yucatán peninsula until there was a revolt in 1450. After the revolt, the whole area broke up into different cities who fought against each other, until the Spanish conquest of Yucatán.

The Itza Maya, Ko'woj, and Yalain groups around what is now Guatamela were still around, but there were not very many of them. By 1520, they had built themselves back up again and started to build cities. The Itza had their capital at Tayasal (also known as Noh Petén), and people who study the Maya civlisation think what's left of this city is below the modern city of Flores, Guatemala on Lake Petén Itzá. The Ko'woj had their capital at Zacpeten. Some Mayan cultures were still living in the southern highlands.

The Quiché kingdom produced the most famous Mayan work, the Popol Vuh. It talks about the creation of the world, the Mayan gods and goddesses, how humans and animals were created and why the Quiché kingdom was the best one in the Maya civilization.

The Spanish started to conquer Maya lands. It took them a long time (170 years) to finish doing this because the Mayans had no capital city and each city had a different culture. The last Mayan states, the Itza city of Tayasal and the Ko'woj city of Zacpeten, still had people living in them late into the 17th century. They were finally conquered in 1697.

There are still about 6 million Maya people living in Central America.



Mesoamerican chronology

Looking at the history of pre-Columbian Mesoamerica one can see some rather different periods between the first humans and the early Colonial period (which followed the Spanish colonization of the Americas) in the end.

The Paleo-Indian (not so often Lithic) period or era begins with the first signs of human presence in the region and leads to agriculture and other practices (e.g. pottery, permanent settlements) characteristic of proto-civilizations. In Mesoamerica, the end of this phase was about 8,000 BC. It was a period of hunter-gatherers.

c. 8,000 BCE - 2,000 BCE

In this time agriculture and permanent villages developed in the region. Late in this era, people used pottery and started weaving with a loom.

c. 2,000 BCE - 200 CE

Nation-states developed and with them the first large scale ceremonial architecture and cities. That were the Olmec civilization, the early Zapotec, Monte Alto Culture in Guatemala's Pacifc lowlands, and Maya civilization.

c. mid 2nd century - early 10th century

Teotihuacan grows to a metropolis and its empire dominates Mesoamerica. During this time the cities of the Maya southern lowlands, such as Tikal, Palenque, and Copán have their greatest era. The Classic Era ended earlier in Central Mexico, with the fall of Teotihuacan around the 7th century, than it did in the Maya area, which continued for centuries more. Around this time, many southern lowland sites (most notably in Tikal) experienced a short period of limited decline, called the Middle Classic Hiatus. The later period of Maya's continued growth is sometimes known as the Florescent Era.

10th century - 16th century.

Many of the great nations and cities of the Classic Era collapsed, but some continue, such as in Oaxaca, Cholula, and the Maya of Yucatán, such as at Chichen Itza and Uxmal. This is sometimes seen as a period of increased chaos and warfare. The Toltec dominated central Mexico in the 11th - 13th century, then collapsed. The northern Maya are for a time united under Mayapan. The Aztec Empire rises in the early 15th century and seems on the path to gain a dominance over the whole region not seen since Teotihuacan, when Mesoamerica is discovered by Spain and conquered by the Conquistadores. Arguably, the Post-Classic continued until the conquest of the last independent native state of Mesoamerica, Tayasal, in 1697.



Beck

Beck Hansen (better known as simply Beck) (born Bek David Campbell, July 8, 1970 in Los Angeles, California) is an American singer, musician, and multi-instrumentalist. He is known for folky rock music, unusual lyrics, and post-modern arrangements, which has made him one of the most outstanding in 1990s alternative rock.

He became extremely popular with his hit song "Loser" in 1994. Beck is known for including various styles of music into his songs, including folk music, electronica, indie music, techno, rock music, and alternative music, among others.

Hansen married actress Marissa Ribisi in 2004. They currently have two children: a son, Cosimo Henri, and a daughter, Tuesday.

Prime Meridian

The Prime Meridian is the meridian (line of longitude) that goes through the Royal Observatory, Greenwich in London it is also known as the International Meridian or Greenwich Meridian. Other longitudes are given as east or west of the Prime Meridian.

Lines like this are not actually lines on the ground, but are ways of saying where a place is on the globe. The ones that run horizontal (east to west) are called latitude. They tell us how far a location is from the equator. The other lines are vertical and are known as longitudes. 

Such is the Meridian's fame that each year, hundreds of thousands of visitors from all around the world make their way to the Observatory to stand astride the Line. But its position is marked in hundreds of other places too. On its path from pole to pole, the Meridian passes through England, France, Spain, Algeria, Mali, Burkina Faso, Togo, Ghana and Antarctica.

Retirement

Retirement is when people stop working. People may retire when they reach a certain age, or if they get sick or have an accident, or even for their own choice. People cannot generally retire unless they have a pension. Some people may semi-retire and keep some sort of job. People typically do this after working for so many years and growing tired of it. 

People who become less able to look after themselves may move to retirement villages, sheltered housing, or nursing homes. They may have to pay for care,or their family may care for them. 
The term may also be used when it's not related to people. This can maybe used for when something is out of service, like an old model vehicle.


Sophia

Sophia and sofia may mean:








Trdat the Architect

Trdat the Architect (c. 950-1020) (Armenian: Տրդատ ճարտարապետ), known in Latin as Tiridates, was chief architect of the Bagratuni Dynasty of Armenia.

After a great earthquake in 989 destroyed the dome of Hagia Sophia, the Byzantine officials sent Trdat to Byzantium to organize repairs. The restored dome was completed by 994.


Byzantium

Byzantium () was an ancient Greek city. The name "Byzantium" is a Latinization of the original name Byzantion.

The city became the center of the Byzantine Empire, (the Greek-speaking Roman Empire of late Antiquity and the Middle Ages), but at that time it was already called Constantinople.

The origins of Byzantium are not clear. There is only a legend. It tells that a certain Byzas from Megara (a town near Athens), founded Byzantium, when he sailed northeast across the Aegean Sea. He had asked the Oracle at Delphi where he should found his new city. The Oracle told him to find it "opposite the blind." At the time, he did not know what this meant. But when he came upon the Bosporus he realized what it meant: on the Asiatic shore was a Greek city, Chalcedon. It was they who must have been blind because they had not seen that obviously superior land was just a half mile away on the other side of the Bosporus. Byzas founded his city here in this "superior" land and named it Byzantion after himself.

Byzantion was mainly a trading city due to its strategic location at the Black Sea's only entrance. Byzantion later conquered Chalcedon, across the Bosporus.

When it fought with Pescennius Niger against the victorious Septimius Severus, the city was besieged by Roman forces and suffered extensive damage in 196 AD. Byzantium was rebuilt by Septimius Severus, when he had become emperor, and quickly regained its earlier prosperity.

When Roman Emperor Constantine I decided to move his capital to the Eastern part of the Roman Empire he chose the place of Byzantion because of its strategical value. He refounded it, in 330 AD, as "Nova Roma". After his death the city was called Constantinople ('city of Constantine'). It remained the capital of the Eastern Roman Empire, which was later called the Byzantine Empire by historians.

Following the legend the citizens of Byzantium claimed the crescent moon as their state symbol, after an important victory in 340 BC. However, the origin of the crescent and star as a symbol dates back much earlier - to ancient Babylon and ancient Egypt. But Byzantium was the first city that used the crescent moon as its symbol. In 330 AD Constantine I added the Virgin Mary's star to the flag.




Coat of arms of Armenia

The national coat of arms of Armenia consists of an eagle and a lion supporting a shield. The coat of arms combines new and old symbols. The eagle and lion are ancient Armenian symbols dating from the first Armenian kingdoms that existed prior to Christ.

The current coat of arms was adopted on 19 April 1992 by the Armenian Supreme Council decision. On 15 June 2006, the law on the state coat of arms of Armenia was passed by the Armenian Parliament.

The shield consists of many parts. In the center is an image of Mount Ararat with Noah's Ark sitting on top of it. According to tradition, the ark is said to have finally rested on the mountain after the great flood. Ararat is considered the national symbol of Armenia and so is of significant importance to the coat of arms. Surrounding Mount Ararat are symbols of old Armenian dynasties. In the lower left portion of the shield, there are two eagles looking at each other, symbolizing the length of the Armenian territory during the reign of the Artaxiad Dynasty that ruled in the 1st century BC. In the upper left portion, there is a lion with a cross, the emblem for the Bagratuni dynasty that ruled during the Middle Ages, between 7th and 11th centuries. Under this dynasty, Armenia blossomed culturally, making its capital, Ani, one of the most important cultural, social and commercial centers of its time. Bagratuni was destroyed by the Byzantine Empire's encroachment and by Seljuk invasions in the 11th century AD. In the upper right portion, there is a two-headed eagle, the emblem of the first dynasty to reign over a Christian Armenia, the Arsacid Dynasty of Armenia. Tiridates III of Arsacid Dynasty made Armenia the first Christian nation in 301 AD. This dynasty ruled from the 1st century AD to 428 AD. In the lower right portion, there is a lion with a cross, the emblem of the Rubenid dynasty. This dynasty reigned in Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia, a state that expanded and prospered during the 12th and 13th centuries, until the Mamelukes and Turks eventually conquered it.

The eagle supports the shield on the left side of the coat of arms, while the lion on the right side. The eagle was the symbol of the Artaxiad Dynasty and later on the symbol of the Arsacid Dynasty of Armenia. It holds the Artaxiad Dynasty's branch of the shield. Whereas, the lion was the symbol of the Bagratuni Dynasty and later on the symbol of the Rubenid Dynasty. It holds the Rubenid Dynasty's branch of the shield.

Both of these animals were chosen because of their power, courage, patience, wisdom, and nobility in animal kingdom.


The present-day Armenian coat of arms has its origins with the establishment of the Democratic Republic of Armenia (DRA) in 1918. In that year, an early variation of the coat of arms was adopted by the DRA. The symbols on this earlier version were placed in a slightly different order and the eagle and lion have their tongues out, giving them a more menacing look. It's also worthy to note that only Mount Ararat (along with Little Ararat) are depicted while Noah's Ark is absent. The coat of arms was designed by architect and member of the Russian Academy of Fine Arts Alexander Tamanian (best known for his work on Yerevan's city plan) and artist Hakob Kojoyan.

In 1922 Armenia was incorporated into Transcaucasian SFSR with Georgia and Azerbaijan. The coat of arms of the Transcaucasian SFSR was adopted by the government of the Transcaucasian SFSR. It is uncertain when exactly it was adopted. It incorporates designs from each of the three major groups that combined in the Transcaucasian SFSR, the Armenians, Azeri and Georgians, and unusually features Islamic art and communist elements side by side. The latticework in the star itself bespeaks the former coat of arms of Georgia from 1918 to 1921 and adopted again from 1991 to 2004; the crescent moon represents the Muslim Azeris, on a background depicting the national symbol of the Armenians, Mount Ararat.

In 1937, a new coat of arms was adopted. Like the DRA coat of arms, this coat showed Mount Ararat along with the Soviet hammer and sickle and red star behind it. The inclusion of Ararat brought objections from Turkey because the mountain is part of its territory. The Kremlin retorted that although the Turkish symbol was the crescent, it did not mean that they laid claim to the moon. The Soviet Union broke apart in 1991 and Armenia thus became an independent republic.
Bald eagles, like other eagles worldwide, had been seen by many as symbols of strength, courage, freedom and immortality for generations.



Arsacid Dynasty of Armenia

The Arsacid Dynasty or (sometimes called the Arshakuni Dynasty) ruled the Kingdom of Armenia from 54 to 428. They started as a branch of the Parthian Arsacids but became a distinctly Armenian dynasty later on. Armenia was between the Parthian and Roman Empires and both were trying to control it. Arsacid Kings reigned intermittently throughout the chaotic years after the fall of the Artaxiad Dynasty until 62 when Tiridates I of Armenia secured Arsacid rule in Armenia.

An independent line of Kings was established by Vologases II of Armenia (Valarses/Vagharshak) in 180. Two of the most notable events under Arsacid rule in Armenian history were the conversion of Armenia to Christianity by St. Gregory the Illuminator in 301 and the creation of the Armenian alphabet by Mesrop Mashtots in 405.



Hakob Kojoyan

Hakob Karapetovich Kojoyan (1883 - 1959) was an Armenian artist. He worked in genres of painting, landscapes, and applied art. Hakob Kojoyan was awarded the designation of "People's Artist of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic." He helped Armenian architect Alexander Tamanian to create the coat of arms for the Democratic Republic of Armenia.

Hakob Kojoyan was born in Akhaltsikhe (now in Georgia) to a family of Armenian jewelers. As a boy he apprenticed to the goldsmith's craft and learned engraving. At age 20 he went to study art in Munich, Germany, and in 1905 went to the St. Petersburg Academy of Arts in Russia, where he studied for two years. He later spent time in Paris and Moscow, then in 1918 returned to Armenia.

Alexander Tamanian

Alexander Tamanian (, March 4, 1878, Yekaterinodar - February 20, 1936, Yerevan) was an Armenian neoclassical architect, who is remembered today for his work in the city of Yerevan.


Ani

Ani () is a ruined and uninhabited medieval city-site in Turkey. It is in the province of Kars, beside the border with Armenia. It was once the capital of a medieval Armenian kingdom that covered much of present-day Armenia and eastern Turkey.

At the height of its great times, Ani had a population of 100,000 - 200,000 people and was the rival of Constantinople, Baghdad and Cairo. Long ago renowned for its splendor and magnificence, Ani has been abandoned and largely forgotten for centuries.

Armenian chroniclers first mention Ani in the 5th century AD. They describe it as a strong fortress built on a hilltop and a possession of the Armenian Kamsarakan dynasty.
By the early 9th century the former territories of the Kamsarakans in Arsharunik and Shirak (including Ani) had been incorporated into the territories of the Armenian Bagratuni dynasty. Their leader, Ashot "Msaker" (Ashot the Meateater) (806-827) was given the title of "ishkhan" (prince) of Armenia by the Caliphate in 804.

There are many other minor monuments at Ani. These include a convent known as the Virgins' chapel; a church used by Chalcedonian Armenians; the remains of a single-arched bridge over the Arpa river; the ruins of numerous oil-presses and several bath houses; the remains of a second mosque with a collapsed minaret; a palace that probably dates from the 13th century; the foundations of several other palaces and smaller residences; the recently excavated remains of several streets lined with shops; etc.


Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic

The Armenian SSR or Soviet Socialist Republic of Armenia, came into being on 29 November 1920. On 1 December 1920, the Prime Minister Simon Vratsian handed over control of the country to the Communist Party of Armenia. The name was later changed to the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic.

The modern Republic of Armenia became independent in 1991 during the dissolution of the Soviet Union.

Extinct language

An extinct language is a language that no longer is the first language or the second language of anyone. The opposite of a modern language, an extinct language is not spoken anymore and so no longer develops or changes. The first recorded example in human history is Sumerian.

It is not to be confused with a dead language, such as Latin, which is still spoken as a second language.

With last known speaker and/or date of death.



Armenian Americans

An Armenian-American or American Armenian is an American citizen who is Armenian, whether by culture, ethnicity, or religion. During the 2009 Census in the United States, 1,270,000 Americans indicated either full or partial Armenian ancestry.

The first Armenian known to have moved to America is nicknamed "Martin the Armenian". He was one of the settlers in the Jamestown Colony in Virginia. He arrived in Jamestown in 1618, when the colony was only 11 years old. Martin was invited to the colony to raise silk worms. Other Armenians were also brought to the colony but they went back to Europe.

Armenians began to arrive in the United States in high numbers in the late 19th century. However, the influx was intensified when over 100,000 Armenian refugees came after World War I to flee the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire.


Thomas Cavendish

Sir Thomas Cavendish (or Candish) (1560-1592) was an English sea explorer. He was known as "the Navigator" because he led the third expedition to travel around ("circumnavigate") the globe. Cavendish was the first who set sail to do this. Magellan and Francis Drake were the first two to circumnavigate the globe, but they did not intend to do so. Cavendish died at sea on his second voyage around the world.

William Saroyan

William Saroyan () (August 31, 1908 - May 18, 1981) was an American author who wrote many plays and short stories about growing up impoverished as the son of Armenian immigrants. These stories were popular during the Great Depression. Saroyan grew up in Fresno, the center of Armenian-Americans in California, where many of his works are set (although he sometimes gave the city a fictional name).

Asked how to say his name, he told "The Literary Digest" "In Armenian it is "sor-row'yan", accent on "row". In America it is mispronounced with... 'roy.'" 

Saroyan was born in Fresno, California, the son of an Armenian immigrant. His father moved to New Jersey in 1905 - he was a small vineyard owner, who had been educated as a Presbyterian minister. At a certain point his father was forced to take farm-laboring work, and he died in 1911. At the age of four, William Saroyan was placed in the Fred Finch Orphanage in Oakland, California, together with his brother and sister - an experience he later described in his writing. Five years later the family reunited in Fresno, where his mother, Takoohi, had obtained work in a cannery.




Raphael Lemkin

Raphael Lemkin (; 24 June 1900 – 28 August 1959) was a lawyer of Polish-Jewish descent. Before World War II, Lemkin was interested in the Armenian Genocide and campaigned in the League of Nations to ban what he called "barbarity" and "vandalism". He is best known for his work against genocide, a word he coined in 1943 from the root words "genos" (Greek for family, tribe or race) and "-cide" (Latin for killing).

Lemkin died of a heart attack at the public relations office of Milton H. Blow in New York City in 1959, at the age of 59.


Vakıflı

Vakıflı Köyü ( — Vakif) is the only ethnic Armenian village in Turkey. It is on the slopes of Musa Dagh in the Samandağ district of Hatay Province. It has a view of the Mediterranean Sea. From the village, people can see the Syrian border. It has a population of about 130 people. The village was destroyed in the 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquake.

Spanish colonization of the Americas

The Spanish colonization of the Americas began with the arrival in America of Christopher Columbus (Cristóbal Colón) in 1492. This was the first part of the European colonization of the Americas.

The Spanish grew their control of land in America over the years until they owned Central America, most of South America, Mexico, the South of what today is Southern United States, the Western part of what today is the United States, the Southwestern part of what today is British Columbia in Canada, and even reaching Alaska. 

The earliest accounts of the conquest were written by Spanish conquistadors, such as Bernal Diaz del Castillo and Hernan Cortes. Their narratives said they were good men doing good things. They emphasized their bravery, and did not mention the brutality of the Spanish rule and the suffering of the natives. Cortes and Diaz’s reports present themselves as exceptional conquistadors with the goals of non-forcefully acquiring riches, seizing land, and converting the indigenous peoples to Christianity. 

In the 19th century, indigenous perspectives began to gain recognition. The works of native writers were finally acknowledged, emphasizing the resistance of native peoples and supporting the notion that the Conquest utterly destroyed their lives. 

In the mid-20th century, the celebratory narrative of the Spanish Conquest began to become rewritten. The negative impact the Conquest had on indigenous populations was finally gaining recognition. The world began to recognize conquistadors' inaccurate self-portrayals and egotistical intentions. Diaz and Cortes were no longer wrongly viewed as brave, but as reckless, viewing the New World and its inhabitants as merely territory they could forcefully possess control over. Their missions in the New World were solely a combination of Christian conversion, pursuit, and conquest, marked by a selfish desire for glory and wealth.  

In the 21st century, native groups Matthew Restall’s book “Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest, written in 2007, additionally challenges the previously conventional narratives portraying Spanish conquistadors as extraordinarily courageous. He emphasizes the fact that their accounts were noted solely in terms of individual strategic goals and personal perspective. He poses seven myths in in his piece of work – The Myth of Exceptional Men, King’s Army, White Conquistador, Completion, (Mis)Communication, Native Desolation, and Superiority. 

Restall’s myths consist of the following details: Contrary to previously popular belief, the Spanish conquistadors who participated in the conquest of the Americas were not uniquely exceptional, but average, and merely lucky. The Spanish conquistadors were not solely representatives of the Spanish crown. They had diverse motivations, often acting on individual initiative going against the interests of the crown. They were not exclusively of European descent, many containing mixed heritage. The Spanish conquistadors and Indigenous peoples of the Americas could communicate through various means, whether that be through the usage of interpreters, gestures, or simply learning each other’s languages. Spanish colonization of the Americas was an incomplete process, as the continent was not fully under Spanish control upon initial contact with the native peoples. The Americas were not underdeveloped before the arrival of the Spanish. The indigenous peoples did not live in a state of primitiveness, but instead, had incredibly advanced agricultural, social, and architectural systems. The Spanish conquistadors were not superior to the Indigenous peoples, as the Americas contained advanced societies with complex cultures and technological advancements.

The story of the Spanish conquest of the Americas has evolved significantly throughout the years, creating a newfound accuracy of the historical event. 

Conquistador

A Conquistador (English: "Conqueror"; : "Conquistadores", or "Conquistadors") was a Spanish or Portuguese soldier, explorer and adventurer. The "Conquistadors" invaded and conquered much of the Americas and the Philippines Islands and other islands in Asia Pacific. Many of them were "hidalgos" (noblemen of low category).

Their conquests brought these lands under Spanish colonial rule between the 15th and 17th centuries, starting with the 1492 settlement by Christopher Columbus in what is now the Bahamas. They created what is now called Latin America.

The first successful conquistador was Hernán Cortés. Between 1520 and 1521, Cortés and the native enemies of the Aztecs, conquered the mighty Aztec Empire. Present day Mexico came under the dominion of the Spanish Empire, as New Spain. Francisco Pizarro later found and conquered the similarly large Inca Empire.



Shushanik Kurghinian

Shushanik Kurghinian (Popoljian) (1876-1927) was an Armenian poet. Kurghinian received little or no recognition for her outstanding poems. Although a socialist with some stirring poems of labour's rebellion to her name, she remained a dim star even in the Soviet era. Today she is almost unknown, away from the literary canon in Armenia and the Diaspora.

Shushanik Kurghinian was born on August 18, 1876, in Alexandrapol, in the Yerevan province of Eastern Armenia, into a poor family of Popolji Harout. In her autobiography Shushanik writes of her childhood: “Sometimes father would bring his [shoe-repair] ‘workstation’ home, in order to save money, and I would work for him – demanding my wages, every single kopek (Coin). My mother, having been raised in a traditional household, would reprove my ‘ill behavior toward my parent,’and blamed those harmful books for corrupting me.”

`Whoever is without hope, dulled, without spirit,<br>
alone and lacking faith...<br>
bring them to me<br>
my spirit is free<br>
I will give them of my soul...'<br>


Gyumri

Gyumri (Armenian:Գյումրի) is the capital and largest city of the Shirak province in northwest Armenia. It is located about 75 miles from the capital Yerevan, and, with a population of 150,917 (2001 census), is the second-largest city in Armenia.


Arminianism

Arminianism is a school of soteriological thought in Protestant Christian theology founded by the Dutch theologian Jacobus Arminius.


Ruben Sevak

Sevak Ruben or Ruben Sevak (February 15, 1885 – August 26, 1915) was an Armenian poet a prose-writer, and a doctor.

Among many others, he was arrested on April 24, 1915 and killed on August 26, 1915 during the Armenian Genocide.

National Gallery of Armenia

National Gallery of Armenia at Yerevan, Armenia.

The old Armenian subdivision owns works of famous Armenian artists of early medieval and succeeding periods.

Today its collection is over 19,000 specimens shown in the Russian, Armenian and West-European divisions of paintings, sculptures, graphic and applied arts.

The National Art Gallery of Armenia has a lot of branches in Yerevan and other towns of the republic. The memorial-houses of the artist Hakop Kojoyan and the sculptor Ara Sarkissian are in the capital. They exhibit the best works of the two far-famed men of arts.

National Gallery of Armenia is one of the biggest museums of the Republic. NGA was founded in 1921 as an art section of the State museum. The foundation of the section has been consisted of dozens of works purchased from Armenian painters’ exhibition organized in August 1921. A decisive factor in the formation of the art section was the assignation of the rich collection of The Armenian Palace of Culture / The former Lazarian Gymnasium/ and the donations of Armenian artists to it. Already in 1925 there were exposed about 400 works of Armenian, Russian and European masters in the six halls of the art section.

In 1935 the art section was changed into Art Museum, in 1947 it was called State Museum of Armenia and from 1991 it was renamed as National Gallery of Armenia. In 1978 a new 8 storey building was put into exploitation. Now the collection of the NGA includes about 26.000 museum exhibits and the building has 56 exposition halls in which there are presented the museums treasures by temporary and permanent exhibitions.
Armenian art presents the considerable part of the exposition. It begins with ancient and Medieval Art: Urartu frescoes, with valuable documental copies of Garni temple’s mosaics and Medieval wall-paintings and miniatures, also Clerical paintings of XVII-XIX centuries, silver book-covers of manuscripts, crosses, etc.
The exposition is continued by the works of Armenian classics /H.Hovnatanian, H.Ayvazovski, G.Bashinjaghian, P.Terlemezian, V.Sureniants, V.Mahokian / by works of XX century artists /M.Saryan, H.Kojoyan, H.Gurdjian, E.Chahin, G.Khanjian, M.Avetisian and by works of other remarkable artists /.
Russian art is representative in the collection of NGA. Here you can see sacred images of XVI-XVII centuries and works of XVIII-XX centuries well known artists F. Rokotov, I.Argunov, F.Shubin, I.Repin,V.Serov,M.Goncharova,I.Mashkov,S.Konenkov,W.Kandinski,M.Chagal, etc.
In the halls of foreign art the exposition begins with the culture of Ancient World Egypt and Greece. Here there are presented works by well-known artists of Italian, Holland, Flemish and French art schools /F. Guerchino, Jan Van Goyen, P. Claesz, E. M. Falconet, J. B.Greuze, T.Rousseau, A. Monticelli/.

The Oriental art is presented by highly artistic samples of Iranian, Chinese and Japanese decorative and applied art/ ornamented porcelain and faience service-set, objects made of stone, bone, metal and carved furniture/ by valuable Indian medieval fresco copies done after Armenian artist S. Khatchatrian and by Iranian paintings of XIX century.

In 2008 there was opened pavilion of Hakob Gurjian’s works, also reopened and enlarged the permanent exposition of XVII-XIX centuries Armenian Clerical art.
The restoration and conservation studios operate in the gallery. There is a library, an archive, cafeteria, souvenir and book store, also operates film and lecturing hall.
The National Gallery of Armenia participates to international exhibitions with separate art works from his collection, organizes exhibitions of Armenian art in different countries greatly facilitating the recognition of national art.
The National Gallery has branch museums in Yerevan/ H.Kojoyan and A.Sargsian home-museum, Jotto /G. Grigorian studio/,in Echmiadzin/The Echmiadzin gallery,Mher Abeghian museum/in Hrazdan/Hrazdan gallery/,in Jermuk/The Jermuk gallery/,in Sisian/The Sisian gallery/, in Alaverdi/The Alaverdi gallery/in Eghegnadzor /The Eghjegnadzor gallery/, in Gavar/the Academician H.Buniatian Gavar gallery/, in Martuni/the Martuni gallery/and in Jajur the M. Avetissian museum/.
In different years the gallery directed R. Drambian /1925-1951/, R.Parsamian /1952-1962/, A.Chilingarian/1962-1967/, E.Isabekian/ 1967-1986/, A.TerGabrielian/ 1986-1990/, Sh.Khatchatrian/ 1991-2002/ and P.Mirzoyan/2002/ noted artists who has great contribution to the enlargement of the collection in the field of popularization and scientific research.

Armenian Evangelical Church

The Armenian Evangelical Church (Armenian: Հայաստանեայց Աւետարանական Եկեղեցի) was established on July 1, 1846 by thirty-seven men and three women in Constantinople.

In the 19th century, there was intellectual and spiritual awakening in Constantinople. This awakening and enlightenment pushed the reformists to study the Bible. Under the patronage of the Armenian Patriarchate, a school was opened, headed by Krikor Peshdimaljian, one of the leading intellectuals of the time. The principal aim of this school was to train qualified clergy for the Armenian Apostolic Church.

Today, there are 88 Armenian Evangelical Churches in the following countries: Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Cyprus, Egypt, England, France, Georgia, Greece, Iran, Lebanon, Syria, Turkey, Uruguay, and the United States of America.


Armenian alphabet

The Armenian alphabet is an alphabet that has been used to write the Armenian language since the 5th century.

The Armenian word for "alphabet" is այբուբեն (CA, EA: , or WA: ), named after the first two letters of the Armenian alphabet.


Unicode Support for Armenian

Orontid dynasty

The Orontid dynasty, also known by their native name Eruandid or Yervanduni, was an Armenian dynasty that ruled the Satrapy of Armenia until 321 BC and the Kingdom of Armenia from 321 BC to 200 BC.

The origins of the dynasty are a matter of debate, it has been described as an "Iranian" or "Armenian" dynasty. Some historians claim that the Orontids had a lineage relationship with the Achaemenid dynasty.

Panossian states the following about the Orontids (Yervandunis);""It is not known whether the Yervandunis were ethnically Armenian. They probably had marriage links to the rulers of Persia and other leading noble houses in Armenia.""

During the Orontids, despite the Hellenistic invasion; Persian and local Armenian culture remained the most powerful element in society and elites. The Orontid dynasty spoke Armenian. Some have suggested a continuity with the Hittite name Arnuwanda. 


Armenian highlands

The Armenian Highland (also known as the Armenian Upland or Armenian Plateau) is part of the Transcaucasian Highland and constitutes the continuation of the Caucasus mountains, also referred as eastern Armenia.

The apricot is native to China and spread to Europe through the Armenia Highlands. It came to be known throughout the ancient world as the Armenian fruit. Its botanical name Prunus armeniaca, derives from the Latin vernacular for apricot, armeniacum, which some scholars have linked to its Akkadian name "".

Many scholars place the Indo-European homeland in the Armenian Highlands and the plateau of Asia Minor to the southwest.
Others believe that it was in Eastern Europe or southern Russia.

Some scholars believe, for example, that the earliest mention of the Armenians is in the Akkadian inscriptions dating to the 28th-27th centuries BC, in which the Armenians are referred to as the sons of Haya, after the regional god of the Armenian Highlands.



Armenian Quarter

The Armenian Quarter is one of the four quarters of the Old City of Jerusalem. Although the Armenian people are Christians, the Armenian Quarter is distinct from the Christian Quarter.


Tinga (footballer)

Paulo César Fonseca do Nascimento (born 13 January 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

Internacional

Cruzeiro


Lina Hahne

Lina Hahne (born January 23, 1984) was crowned Miss Sweden on June 26. She represented the country in Miss Universe 2008.


Miss Universe

Miss Universe is an international beauty contest. It was started in 1952 and today has over 190 countries taking part. About one billion people watch it on television every year.

The competition was first shown on American national television in 1955. In 1960, the show moved from California to Florida. Until 1971, the competition was held in the United States, and since 1972 - every year in a new country. 

The pageant is owned by WME and IMG, with Fox owning the rights to broadcast the pageant on television. Until 2015, it was owned by NBC and Donald Trump. In 2015, Trump started his campaign for President of the United States and said he wanted to stop illegal immigrants from Mexico from coming into the US. NBC then stopped working with him, and so Trump bought Miss Universe out, and sold it to its current owners a few days later.

After winning the 1951 Miss America competition, Yolanda Betbese refused to pose in Catalina swimwear from Pacific Mills, sponsor of the competition. Because of this, in 1952 the company left the Miss America competition and organized an alternative national Miss USA competition, as well as an international Miss Universe competition.

Sponsored by the American airline Pan Am and the Universal Film Studio The Miss Universe pageant was first held on June 28, 1952 in Long Beach, California. At the beginning of its existence, it was intended to promote beach fashion: for a month, applicants advertised beach products. 

The first winner of the Miss Universe title was 17-year-old Armi Kuusela from Finland. She was crowned with the wedding tiara of the Romanov dynasty. The competition was attended by girls from 30 countries.


Frank Thomas

Frank Thomas (born May 27, 1968) is a former American Major League Baseball player who spent most of his career with the Chicago White Sox. Near the end of his career, he also played with the Oakland Athletics and Toronto Blue Jays. He hit his 500th career home run on June 28, 2007. He was the 21st person to hit 500 home runs.

Thomas was elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2014, and will officially enter the Hall on July 27.

Northwest

Northwest or north west is the direction halfway between North and West on a compass. It is the opposite of Southeast.

Southeast

Southeast or south east is the direction halfway between south and east. It the opposite of northwest.

Silvia Night

Silvia Night is a fictional (not real) character played by Eva Augusta from Iceland. Silvia Night participated in Eurovision Song Contest 2006 in "Greece". She is famous for her larger than life and narcissistic persona.

Silvia Night homepage

Donald Trump

Donald John Trump (born June 14, 1946) is an American businessman, media personality and politician. He was the 45th president of the United States from 2017 to 2021. Trump was also the chairman and president of The Trump Organization from 1971 to 2017. 

Much of his money was made in real estate in New York City, Las Vegas, and Atlantic City. He used to own the Miss Universe pageant. He was the star in his own reality show "The Apprentice". In October 2019, Trump changed the state he officially lived in from New York to Florida.

In June 2015, Trump said that he would run for president of the United States in the 2016 presidential election. Starting mid-July, polls showed that Trump was the front-runner for the Republican Party, ahead of Ted Cruz. This was true even after much criticism from his party because of what he said about illegal immigration, Muslims, and ISIS. His campaign was supported by mostly middle-class and rural working class families. It gained opposition from Democrats, some Republicans, business people, some world leaders and the pope.

On May 4, 2016, Trump became the expected Republican Party nominee for president. Trump then was in the general election against Democrat Hillary Clinton (former Secretary of State, U.S. Senator, and First Lady of the United States). He won this election on November 9, 2016, after a close race with Clinton. Each of them needed 270 electoral votes to win. Trump had 304 while Clinton had 227. He was inaugurated as the 45th president on January 20, 2017, at 70 years old.

On September 24, 2019, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi said that the House of Representatives would start an impeachment inquiry into Trump. On October 31, 2019, the House voted 232–196 to start the impeachment process. On December 16, the House Judiciary Committee released a report saying that criminal bribery and wire fraud was the reason to charge Trump with abuse of power. The house voted to impeach Trump in December 2019, making him the third president in American history to be impeached. He was acquitted by the Senate in February 2020. 

In November 2020, Trump lost his re-election to former Vice President Joe Biden after the 2020 election. He became the first president since George H. W. Bush in 1992 to lose his re-election. However, he refused to agree with the result and said he won the election by a big amount. He also sued states where Biden won. In January 2021, Trump controversially made a telephone call with Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger. In the call, he was reported to have tried to change the election results. A few days later, his supporters rioted at the United States Capitol, which killed five people. However, Republicans have made up many excuses, claiming that it was staged by Antifa. This caused the United States House of Representatives to impeach Trump again. This made Trump the only president to be impeached twice. The United States Senate voted to acquit him of all charges. Scholars and historians have ranked Trump as one of the worst presidents in American history. 

In November 2022, Trump announced another presidential campaign for the 2024 presidential election. In March 2023, a Manhattan grand jury indicted Trump, making him the first former president in U.S. history to face criminal charges. In August 2023, Trump was indicted a second time for his attempts to overturn the results of the 2020 election.

Donald John Trump was born at Jamaica Hospital Medical Center in Queens, New York City. He is the son of Fred Trump and his wife Mary Anne (née MacLeod). They married in 1936. His mother was born on the Isle of Lewis, off the west coast of Scotland. Donald was one of five children. Donald's oldest brother, Fred Jr., died in 1981 at the age of 43, due to an alcohol addiction. Trump's sister, Maryanne, is a judge in New York. Trump's father's parents were German immigrants.
His grandfather, Frederick Trump, immigrated to the United States in 1885. He became a naturalized American citizen in 1892. Frederick married Elisabeth Christ (October 10, 1880 – June 6, 1966) at Kallstadt, State of Bavaria, Germany, on August 26, 1902. They had three children. He studied at Fordham University until transferring to the University of Pennsylvania.
Trump was not drafted during the Vietnam War. This was due to four college deferments and one medical deferment. In an interview with "The New York Times", he said his medical deferment was because of heel spurs.

Trump began his career at his father's real estate company, Elizabeth Trump & Son. He later renamed the company The Trump Organization, which has its headquarters at 40 Wall Street. The company focused on middle-class rental housing in Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island. One of Trump's first projects, while he was still in college, was the revitalization of the foreclosed Swifton Village apartment complex in Cincinnati, Ohio. His father had purchased it for $5.7 million in 1962. Trump became closely involved in the project. With a $500,000 investment, he turned the 1200-unit complex with a 66 percent vacancy rate to 100 percent occupancy within two years. In 1972, the Trump Organization sold Swifton Village for $6 million.
Trump has developed many real estate projects. They include Trump International Hotel and Tower in Honolulu, Trump International Hotel and Tower in Chicago, Trump International Hotel and Tower in Toronto, and Trump Tower in Tampa. In Fort Lauderdale, Florida, one Trump construction project was put on hold in favor of another (Trump International Hotel and Tower in Fort Lauderdale). Trump Towers in Atlanta was being developed in the housing market, however the project fell after the 2008 recession and instead buildings that didn't belong to Trump were built.
In its October 7, 2007 "Forbes" 400 issue, "Acreage Aces", "Forbes" valued Trump's wealth at $3 billion. Since 2011, his net worth has been estimated from $2 billion to $7 billion. "Forbes" estimated his net worth at $3.1 billion in 2019.

From 1996 until 2015, Trump owned part or all of the Miss Universe, Miss USA, and Miss Teen USA beauty pageants.

Trump is a WWE (World Wrestling Entertainment) fan, and a friend of WWE owner Vince McMahon. In 1988–89 he hosted WrestleMania IV and V at Boardwalk Hall (dubbed "Trump Plaza" for storyline purposes) and has been an active participant in several of the shows. Trump was inducted into the celebrity wing of the WWE Hall of Fame in 2013 at Madison Square Garden for his contributions to the promotion. He made his sixth WrestleMania appearance the next night.

In 2003, Trump became the executive producer and host of the NBC reality show "The Apprentice", in which a group of competitors battled for a high-level management job in one of Trump's commercial enterprises. In 2004, Trump filed a trademark application for the catchphrase "You're fired!"

For the first year of the show, Trump earned $50,000 per episode (roughly $700,000 for the first season), but following the show's initial success, he was paid $1 million per episode. In a July 2015 press release, Trump's campaign manager said that NBCUniversal had paid him $213,606,575 for his 14 seasons hosting the show.

On February 16, 2015, NBC announced that they would be renewing "The Apprentice" for a 15th season. On February 27, Trump stated that he was "not ready" to sign on for another season because of the possibility of a presidential run. On June 29, after a widespread negative reaction stemming from Trump's campaign announcement speech, NBC released a statement saying, "Due to the recent derogatory statements by Donald Trump regarding immigrants, NBCUniversal is ending its business relationship with Mr. Trump." Trump was replaced by former Governor of California and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger.

Trump switched between political parties a number of times. He registered as a Republican in 1987, a member of the Independence Party in 1999, a Democrat in 2001, a Republican in 2009, with no political party in 2011, and a Republican in 2012.

In 2011, Trump said that President Barack Obama was born in Kenya; Obama was actually born in Hawaii. If Obama had been born in Kenya, he would not have been allowed to run for president. Trump repeatedly said that Obama was lying about where he was born, an idea called "Birtherism". Even after Obama shared his birth certificate with the public, Trump suggested that it could be fake.

Trump made a formal announcement of his candidacy for president of the United States for the 2016 elections on June 16, 2015. He made the announcement at 11am EST from his headquarters in Trump Tower in New York City. Trump launched his campaign saying, "We are going to make our Country Great Again" with a commitment to become the "greatest jobs president." Trump's official campaign slogan was "Make America Great Again." That was first used by Alexander Wiley, but Donald Trump trademarked it.

On May 4, 2016, Trump became the presumptive nominee after his only challengers, Texas United States senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich, dropped out.

During his announcement speech he stated in part, "When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people." On July 6, 2015, Trump issued a written statement to clarify his position on illegal immigration, which drew a reaction from critics.

Trump has described his political leanings and positions in many ways over time. "Politico" has called his positions as "eclectic, improvisational and often contradictory". He has listed several different party affiliations over the years, and has also run as a Reform Party candidate. The positions that he has revised or reversed include stances on progressive taxation, abortion, and government involvement in health care.
He has supported Christian groups in the U.S., claiming that he will reverse unfavorable tax treatments preventing them from expressing themselves in the political arena and promising to revive a more widespread use of the phrase "Merry Christmas" instead of "Happy Holidays" in department stores. Other issues he highlighted include taking care of military veterans, making the military "strong", aggressive bombing of the Mideast terrorist group ISIS, surveillance of certain mosques in the U.S., and making trade agreements more favorable to American workers.
Trump entered a large field of candidates consisting of 16 other Republican candidates campaigning for the nomination, the largest presidential field in American history. By early 2016, the race had mostly centered on Donald Trump and U.S. Senator Ted Cruz. On , Trump won the majority of the delegates and remained the front-runner throughout the primaries.

Finishing in June 2016 with nearly 14 million votes, Trump broke the all-time record for winning the most primary votes in the history of the Republican Party.

After becoming the presumptive Republican nominee, Trump's focus shifted to the general election, urging remaining primary voters to "save [their] vote for the general election." Trump began targeting Hillary Clinton, who became the presumptive Democratic nominee on June 6, 2016 after beating Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primaries, and continued to campaign across the country. Clinton had established a significant lead in national polls over Trump throughout most of 2016. In early July, Clinton's lead narrowed in national polling averages following the FBI's conclusion of its investigation into her ongoing email controversy.

On September 26, 2016, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton faced off in the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. Lester Holt, an anchor with NBC News, was the moderator. This was the most watched presidential debate in United States history.
On November 8, 2016, Trump won the presidency with 306 electoral votes to Clinton's 232 votes, even though Trump won a smaller part of the popular vote than Clinton. He is the fourth person to become president without winning the popular vote. The final popular vote difference between Clinton and Trump is that Clinton finished ahead by 2.86 million or 2.1 percentage points, 48.04% to 45.95%, with neither candidate reaching a majority. Trump's victory was considered a big political upset, as nearly all national polls at the time showed Hillary Clinton with a modest lead over Trump, and state polls showed her with a modest lead to win the Electoral College. In the early hours of November 9, 2016, Trump received a phone call in which Clinton conceded the presidency to him. Trump then delivered his victory speech before hundreds of supporters in the Hilton Hotel in New York City.

Trump's presidential transition team was led by Chris Christie until November 11, 2016, when Vice President-elect Mike Pence took over.

On January 20, 2017, Trump was sworn in by Chief Justice John G. Roberts as President of the United States at his inauguration ceremony at the United States Capitol Building. Within his first hour as president, he signed several executive orders, including an order to minimize "the economic burden" of the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.

On the Saturday following Trump's inauguration there were massive demonstrations protesting Trump in the United States and worldwide, including the 2017 Women's March.
The following people were part of Donald Trump's cabinet. They are the most senior officers of the executive branch.

The following people held other important jobs in the executive branch. They are also selected by the president.

On January 23, 2017 Trump signed the executive order withdrawing the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a trade agreement between the United States and eleven Pacific Rim nations—Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, and Vietnam that would have created a "free-trade zone for about 40 percent of the world's economy." Two days later, he ordered the construction of the Mexico border wall. He reopened the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipeline construction projects.

On January 27, an order suspended admission of refugees for 120 days and denied entry to citizens of Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, citing security concerns about terrorism. Later, the administration seemed to reverse a portion of part of the order, effectively exempting visitors with a green card. Several federal judges issued rulings that curtailed parts of the immigration order, stopping the federal government from deporting visitors already affected.

On January 30, 2017, Trump fired Acting Attorney General Sally Yates because of her criticisms of Trump's immigration suspension. On January 31, 2017, Trump nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to the United States Supreme Court to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia.

Trump claimed there was no collusion and no obscruction and on May 9, 2017, Trump fired FBI Director James Comey after he reportedly asked for more information and funding for the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. The White House stated that this was not true and that Trump fired Comey in order to end the investigation. After "The Wall Street Journal" reported that Trump's National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn was under investigation by U.S. counterintelligence agents for his communications with Russian officials, Flynn resigned on February 13, 2017. Two days later on February 15, Trump's Secretary of Labor-nominee Andrew Puzder withdrew his nomination due to not having support from Democrats or Republicans to confirm his nomination.
As of March 2018, Trump is reportedly a "subject" of the Robert Mueller investigation into the Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections, meaning his conduct is being looked at, but not a "target" which would indicate the likelihood of criminal charges.

On April 7, 2017, Trump ordered the launch of 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles from the Mediterranean Sea into Syria, aimed at Shayrat Air Base as a reaction to the Khan Shaykhun chemical attack.
On May 4, 2017, the American Health Care Act of 2017 (AHCA) was passed narrowly to replace and repeal Obamacare by the United States House of Representatives with a vote of 217 to 213, sending the bill to the Senate for voting. This is the second time the AHCA was voted in the House as the first version was not approved by the House in March 2017.

On June 1, 2017, he announced that the United States would withdraw from the Paris Climate agreement, making the United States one of only three nations, including Syria and Nicaragua, to do so. On June 16, 2017, President Trump announced that he was "cancelling" the Obama administrations deals with Cuba, while also expressing that a new deal could be negotiated between the Cuban and United States governments.
On July 12, 2017, California Representative Brad Sherman formally introduced an article of impeachment, H. Res. 438, accusing the president of obstructing justice regarding the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.

On July 26, 2017, Trump tweeted that the "United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail." Trump cited the alleged "disruption" and "tremendous medical costs" of having transgender service members. 

Between August 11 and 12, 2017, there was a violent white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia regarding the removal of Confederate statues. Trump did not speak out against white nationalists explicitly, instead condemning "hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides" leading people to think he did not take a harsh approach on racism.

In late August, Trump dramatically escalated tensions against North Korea, warning that further threats against the U.S. will be met with "fire and fury like the world has never seen." North Korean leader Kim Jong-un then threatened to direct the country's next missile test toward Guam. Trump responded in his war-related service that if North Korea took steps to attack Guam, "things [would] happen to them like they never thought possible."

In March 2018, Trump fired United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and replaced him with Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Pompeo. Later that month, the White House confirmed that President Trump would accept a meeting invitation from Kim Jong-un. Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that "in the meantime, all sanctions and maximum pressure must remain."

In May 2018, Trump announced on Twitter that he will meet with North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un on June 12, 2018 in Singapore for peace talks.

In September 2017, Trump controversially oversaw the rescinding of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or "DACA" which removed protections for children immigrants and removed benefits. The decision was announced by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Two injunctions in January and February 2018 allowed renewals of applications and stopped the rolling back of DACA, and in April 2018 a federal judge ordered the acceptance of new applications; this would go into effect in 90 days.

On October 3, Trump visited Puerto Rico after it was damaged by Hurricane Maria and the next day visited Las Vegas to visit the victims from the Las Vegas shooting.
In December 2017, Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which cut the corporate tax rate to 21%, lowered personal tax brackets, increased child tax credit, doubled the estate tax threshold to $11.2 million, and limited the state and local tax deduction to $10,000.

In February 2018, Trump praised the bill for increasing pay for millions, after announcements of bonuses from many companies. These bonuses have been criticized by the bill's opponents as publicity stunts, and economists have said many of them would have happened anyway due to low unemployment.

On December 18, 2019, the House of Representatives voted to have Trump impeached for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. On February 5, 2020, the Senate found Trump not guilty of all charges.

Trump announced his plans to run for a second term by filing with the FEC within a few hours of assuming the presidency. This transformed his 2016 election committee into a 2020 reelection one. Trump marked the official start of the campaign with a rally in Melbourne, Florida, on February 18, 2017, less than a month after taking office.

By January 2018, Trump's reelection committee had $22 million in hand, and it had raised a total amount exceeding $67 million by December 2018. $23 million was spent in the fourth quarter of 2018, as Trump supported various Republican candidates for the 2018 midterm elections. He made an official re-election campaign launch on June 18, 2019 in Orlando, Florida.

In the 2020 primaries, Trump faced primary challenges from former Massachusetts Governor Bill Weld and former U.S. Representatives Joe Walsh. Former South Carolina Governor and former U.S. Representative Mark Sanford also campaigned against him, but withdrew from the race.

Trump lost re-election and refused to concede.

On November 7, Trump was defeated by former Vice President Joe Biden after Trump lost Pennsylvania and Nevada. Trump claimed voter fraud through the mail-in voting and threatened to use the United States Supreme Court to stop the states from counting the vote. He had unsuccessfully sued many states trying to make him the winner in Michigan, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Wisconsin and Georgia.

Many Republican representatives and senators planned to object the United States Congress's formally recognizing Biden's electoral college victory on January 6, 2021. In early January 2021, Trump made a phone call to Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger in an attempt to find "11,780 votes" trying to remove Biden's victory in the state.

On January 6, 2021 while the United States Congress were certifying the election results, rioters stormed the United States Capitol in violent protests across Washington, D.C..

After this, Trump got his Instagram, Facebook and Twitter accounts deleted. On January 8, 2021, Trump was banned from Twitter. The events from the Capitol riots led to new efforts to impeach Trump from the presidency.

His actions towards the Capitol riots, led to the U.S. House to impeach Trump for a second time, making him the only President to be impeached twice.

During his presidency, Trump appointed three justices to the Supreme Court: Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh, and Amy Coney Barrett.

A trial is scheduled to begin on May 20, 2024. 

A hearing was held on March 1, 2024; The judge "did not [make or] issue any rulings", during the hearing.
Earlier (June 8, 2023) the Justice Department indicted Trump in Miami federal court, for 

Trump pleaded not guilty to all charges.

On December 19, 2022, (a committee of the U.S. Congress, or) the United States House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack recommended criminal charges against Trump for obstructing an official proceeding, conspiracy to defraud the United States, and inciting or assisting an insurrection. Earlier (August 8, 2022) FBI agents searched Trump's residence, office, and storage areas at Mar-a-Lago to find government documents and material Trump had taken with him when he left office in violation of the Presidential Records Act. The items taken in the search included 11 sets of classified documents; Four of those had the tag "top secret" and one had the tag "top secret/SCI", the highest level of classification. The search warrant (was signed by, or) was approved by U.S. Attorney General Merrick Garland.

As of February 6, 2024, a trial has not been scheduled for the Federal prosecution of Donald Trump (election obstruction case). Earlier (August 1, 2023) a Washington D.C. federal grand jury indicted Trump on four counts related to his attempts to overturn the 2020 presidential election: conspiracy to defraud the United States; conspiracy to obstruct an official proceeding; obstruction of and attempt to obstruct an official proceeding; and conspiracy against rights.

The state of Georgia has criminal charges against Trump. No trial date has been set (as of the middle of March, 2024). Three "of the 13 felony counts [that] Trump faces in the case", have been taken away, according to media (on March 13, 2024); Furthermore, "the central charge of a racketeering conspiracy aimed at overturning the results of the 2020 presidential election in the state", is still in place. (A "count", is an offence that a defendant gets charged with, in an indictment.)

As of 2024's first quarter, there are allegations that there has been (wrong behavior or) prosecutorial misconduct in that case. The judge ruled (March 15) that the district attorney "can continue" in the case against "Trump and his co-defendants ... if one of her top prosecutors on the case ... is removed from the team"; That prosecutor resigned that day; Trump or other defendants, can appeal the judge's (decision or) ruling. In regard to the court hearings about taking the district attorney off the case (or disqualifying her): On March 1, there was a court hearing. Earlier (February 27) one of those that witnessed at an earlier hearing, testified again; He had been ordered to testify again. Media said earlier (February 23) that a new affidavit from a private investigator, says that phone records show that the district attorney and Nathan Wade had more than 2,000 phone calls and more than 11,000 text messages during an 11 month period of 2021; The district attorney and Wade have testified that they were not in a romantic relationship during that time; Earlier (February 15) a hearing started; Earlier (February 12), the judge in the case said that he will consider taking district attorney Fani Willis off the case, if there was a financial conflict-of-interest between Willis and the man that she gave a job to (as special prosecutor in the Trump case); That man is Nathan Wade.
Earlier (February 2), Willis said in a document to the court, that she has been in a personal relationship with Wade since 2022.

As of the beginning of March 2024, trial dates for 15 defendants have not been set; Four other defendants have earlier made a "guilty" plea. 

The court case is in Fulton County Superior Court, a state court in Fulton County, Georgia. "Georgia election racketeering prosecution", is one of the names of the case.

The trial date "will be delayed by at least three weeks". Earlier, the trial date had been March 25, 2024; Earlier (March 30, 2023) the Manhattan district attorney's office confirmed that a New York grand jury had indicted Trump.

In February 2024, there was a verdict against Trump. He has to pay a fine, or put enough money in escrow, "or get a bond"; He got, or "obtained a bond (as of March) that will prevent E. Jean Carroll from immediately enforcing [a c. $83 million, or] an $83.3 million defamation verdict while Trump" is appealing (or asking for another trial, in a higher court).

In April 2024, the U.S. supreme court will hear arguments about [any] immunity against prosecution for [some, or all, or any] crime that happended while Trump was president.

Trump won a case in March 2024; He gets to have his name on the ballot in Illinois.

Earlier (as of February 29, 2024) Trump appealed a court ruling in Illinois, that says that the Illinois Board of Elections must remove Trump's name from the ballot of the (March 19) primary election.

On November 15, 2022, Trump announced his candidacy for the 2024 United States presidential election and created a fundraising account.

During the primary election (or the Republican presidential caucus) 

He has won 995 delegates, as of March 6, 2024. He needs to have 1,215 to win the primaries.



Trump has five children by three marriages, and has ten grandchildren. Trump is a Presbyterian. As a child, he began going to church at the First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica, Queens.

Trump married his first wife, Czech model Ivana Zelníčková, on April 7, 1977, at the Marble Collegiate Church in Manhattan. They had three children: son Donald Trump Jr. (born December 31, 1977), daughter Ivanka (born October 30, 1981), and son Eric (born January 6, 1984). Ivana became a naturalized United States citizen in 1988. By early 1990, Trump's troubled marriage to Ivana and affair with actress Marla Maples had been reported in the tabloid press. They were divorced in 1992.

Trump married his second wife, actress Marla Maples in 1993. They had one daughter together, Tiffany (born October 13, 1993). The couple were separated in 1997 and later divorced in 1999.
In 1998, Trump began a relationship with Slovene model Melania Knauss, who became his third wife. They were engaged in April 2004 and were married on January 22, 2005, at Bethesda-by-the-Sea Episcopal Church, in Palm Beach, Florida. In 2006, Melania became a naturalized United States citizen. On March 20, 2006, she gave birth to their son, whom they named Barron Trump.

A medical report by his doctor, Harold Bornstein MD, showed that Trump's blood pressure, liver and thyroid function were in normal range. Trump says that he has never smoked cigarettes or consumed other drugs, including marijuana. He also does not drink alcohol, a decision after his brother's death caused by alcoholism. His BMI, according to his December 2016 visit on Doctor Oz, is just under 30, which is "high".

In February 2019, a new medical test found Trump to be clinically obese. He was later diagnosed with coronary artery disease.

On October 1, 2020, Trump announced on Twitter that he and his wife tested positive for COVID-19. He was briefly hospitalized at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center.


Northeast

Northeast or north east is the direction halfway between north and east. It is the opposite of southwest.

Mona Sahlin

Mona Ingeborg Sahlin (born Andersson on March 9, 1957 in Sollefteå, Sweden) is a former leader for the Swedish Social Democratic Party, when she replaced Göran Persson after his ten years as leader, she was the first woman to do so. She was the minister responsible for the handling of the Heart 2 Art Exhibition in Stockholm 2002. Toblerone Scandal or Sahlin Scandal is the name of a Swedish scandal, in which there in October 1995 came to public attention that the Socialist politician Mona Sahlin during her time as Minister for Employment, 1990-1991, on several occasions used its credit cards for private expenses.


Swedish Social Democratic Party

The Swedish Social Democratic Party () was established on 23 April 1889, and is Sweden's biggest political party of social democracy. The party has been in the lead with a Prime Minister for the longest and most amount of time in Sweden. Stefan Löfven is the current leader for the party. The party lost to the Moderate Party in the 2006 and 2010 elections. However, in 2014 The Swedish Social Democratic Party won with 31% of the votes.

Olof Palme, one of Sweden's most famous politicians, was the party leader from October many years before he was murdered in February 1986.





Olof Palme

Olof Palme (30 January 1927 – 28 February 1986) was a Swedish politician. He was the leader of the Social Democratic Party from 1969-1986 until his death and Prime Minister of Sweden from 1969 to 1976 and 1982-1986.

He was shot to death in Stockholm after going to the cinema on 28 February 1986. The killer has never been identified, and the gun has never been found. His murder is still a mystery for Swedish police, even though people have been arrested in connection with it.

He was a pacifist and against "apartheid", The Vietnam War, and nuclear weapons. He made efforts to improve welfare and economic, social and cultural rights for workers.


Helena Paparizou

Helena Paparizou (born 31 January 1982) is a Greek singer and model who represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2005, performing the song ""My Number One"" which won the contest. She has a Greek family but was born in Borås, Sweden.


Miss World

Miss World is an international beauty pageant that started in 1951. It is the oldest surviving major international beauty pageant. The contest was created in the United Kingdom by Eric Morley, and run as part of the Mecca Leisure Group. Since his death in 2000, Morley's wife, Julia Morley, co-chairs the pageant.

With its rivals Miss Universe and Miss Earth, this is one of the most publicised beauty contests in the world.

The winner spends a year travelling to represent the Miss World Organization and its various causes. The current Miss World is Toni-Ann Singh of Jamaica who was crowned on December 14, 2019, in London, England, United Kingdom. She is the fourth Jamaican woman to win Miss World. Traditionally, Miss World lives in London during her reign.

Gregory the Illuminator

Saint Gregory the Illuminator or Saint Gregory the Enlightener (Armenian: Գրիգոր Լուսաւորիչ translit. Grigor Lusavorich, Greek: Γρηγόριος Φωστήρ or Φωτιστής, Gregorios Phoster or Photistes), the founder and patron saint of the Armenian Apostolic Church, he was born about 257.

He belonged to the royal line of the Arsacid Dynasty, being the son of a Parthian named Anak, who assassinated Chosroes I of Armenia, and thus brought ruin on himself and his family.


Bow Wow (rapper)

Shad Gregory Moss (born March 9, 1987 in Columbus, Ohio) better known as Bow Wow (formerly Lil' Bow Wow ) is an American rapper and actor. His career began when he was discovered by rapper Snoop Dogg in the late 1990s. He finally got introduced to producer Jermaine Dupri and was signed to Dupri's label, So So Def Recordings. He released his first album, Beware of Dog, in 2000 (as Lil' Bow Wow). The album was followed by Doggy Bag a year later. 

He won a Billboard Music Award for Single of the Year for his song "Bow Wow (That's My Name)". Moss started alongside Crispin Glover in the sports movie "Like Mike", released in 2002.

He has two children: a daughter named Shai (born April 2012) and a son (born September 2020). 



BET Awards

Billboard Music Awards

Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Awards

Black Reel Awards

MTV Video Music Awards Japan

NAACP Image Awards

Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards

Soul Train Music Awards

Teen Choice Awards

Vibe Awards

Young Artist Awards

John Cage

John Milton Cage, Jr. usually known as just John Cage, (September 5, 1912 - August 12, 1992) was an American composer, writer, philosopher, and visual artist. He was one of the first composers (or "musicians") to introduce different styles of music to popular culture. He made mostly avant-garde music and electronic music, and was very well known for making the piece 4'33", which challenged what music is. He also wrote music for pianos that had been "prepared" by having screws and nails placed in them. He was gay. His life partner from 1943 until his death was choreographer Merce Cunningham (1919-2009). Cage died of a stroke in New York City.

This piece is in 3 movements (sections), and is special in that all of the movements are silent, the score having the Latin word for silence three times (tacit, tacit, tacit). Some people think that it is just a joke because of this, as there is nothing to listen to. It was written in 1952, and is 4 minutes and thirty three seconds long. Cage got the idea from being in a soundless chamber, but realising that even here there was no true silence because he could hear his heart beating.


4′33″

4′33″ is a musical composition written by avant-garde (non-traditional) musician John Cage. It is his most famous work. It consists of no notes, only 4 minutes and thirty-three seconds of silence. The piece challenges the definition of music. The only thing the sheet music says is "tacet", or "it is silent". It was first played by David Tudor in Woodstock, New York.


McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet

The F/A-18 is used by many countries, including the United States Navy

The United States navy is the biggest user of the hornet. The hornet is currently only used by the United States Marine Corps, but until 2019 the U.S. Navy also had them.

The USMC currently has 143 F/A-18 hornets.

The Blue Angels are the aerobatic team of the USMC. They use the F/A-18. Before the F/A-18 existed, they used the A-4 Skyhawk.

The Royal Australian Air force (RAAF) bought 57 F/A-18A and 18 F/A-18B (the b was used for training) in 1981 to replace the old Mirage III. The difference between the RAAF hornet and the US hornet is that the RAAF removed the carrier Capabilities, because Australia doesn't have any aircraft carriers big enough to fit the plane.

The hornet can carry a lot of bombs, missiles, rockets and guns. It can also carry pods, pods give the aircraft more options, the Litening targeting pod,for example, lets the pilot see the ground and guide bombs to the target.

B81 and B83 nuclear bombs

Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM)

Paveway laser guided bombs (the bombs are guided by the targeting pod)

Mk80 bombs general purpose

CBU100 cluster bomb

2.75 in (70 mm) Hydra 70 rockets

5 in (127.0 mm) Zuni rockets

Aim-120 AMRAAM

Aim-9 Sidewinder

Aim-132 ASRAAM

Iris-T

Aim-7 Sparrow

AGM-65 Maverick

AGM-88 HARM

AGM-164 Joint Standoff Weapon (JSOW)

Taurus Cruise Missile

AGM-84 Harpoon


MiG-35 - Simulacrum of the F/A-18 Hornet

McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle

The F-15 Eagle is a fighter jet that originally made by McDonnell-Douglas (later Boeing). It is known around the world for its toughness and "undefeated" record, meaning that it has never been shot down by an enemy plane. It is used primarily by the United States Air Force, but it is also used in Israel, Japan, Saudi Arabia and South Korea. It usually carries missiles and an M61 Vulcan gun to shoot down enemy fighter jet planes. More than a thousand have been made.

In 1981, the F-15 was redesigned to include the ability to carry bombs, allowing the F-15 to do the job of attack aircraft. This means it can also destroy things on the ground. This new variant of the aircraft was called the McDonnell Douglas F-15E Strike Eagle.


Dicotyledon

The dicotyledons, also known as dicots, are one of the two groups of flowering plants (angiosperms). The name refers to their seeds having two embryonic leaves or cotyledons. There are around 200,000 species in this group. 

The other group of flowering plants were called monocotyledons or monocots, with one cotyledon. Historically, these two groups formed the two divisions of the flowering plants.

Sequence analysis showed what botanists already suspected: dicotyledons are not a monophyletic group. They are a number of lines, such as the magnoliids, and groups now known as basal angiosperms. They diverged earlier than the monocots did. The traditional dicots are a paraphyletic group. 

The largest clade of the dicotyledons are known as the eudicots. They are definitely monophyletic. They differ from all other flowering plants in the structure of their pollen. Other dicotyledons and monocotyledons have an older type of pollen, whereas eudicots have derived pollen.

Apart from cotyledon number, there are other differences between monocots and dicots. These are differences mainly between monocots and eudicots. Many early-diverging dicot groups have "monocot" characteristics such as scattered vascular bundles, trimerous flowers, and old-type pollen. Also, some monocots have dicot characteristics such as reticulated leaf veins.


James Clark Ross

Sir James Clark Ross (April 15, 1800 – April 3, 1862), was a English naval officer and explorer. He explored the Arctic with his uncle Sir John Ross and Sir William Parry. He later led his own journey to Antarctica. He was born on April 15, 1800 in London, England and died on April 3, 1862 in Aylesbury, England.

Hrant Dink

Hrant Dink (, IPA: [həɹɑnt diːnk]) (15 September 1954 – 19 January 2007) was a Turkish-Armenian editor, journalist and columnist.
As editor-in-chief of the bilingual Turkish-Armenian newspaper "Agos" (Ակօս), Dink was a prominent member of the Armenian minority in Turkey.

Hrant Dink was assassinated in Istanbul on 19 January 2007, by Ogün Samast, a 17 year old ultra-nationalist Turk.



Agos

Agos (, "Furrow") established 5 April, 1996 is an Armenian weekly newspaper published in Turkey. It is published in Istanbul and has a circulation of around 5,000. It has both Armenian and Turkish pages as well as an on-line English edition. Hrant Dink was its chief editor from the newspaper's start until his assassination outside of the newspaper's offices in Istanbul in January 2007. 

Hrant Dink's son Arat Dink who worked as the executive editor of the weekly was named as a co-defendant in the dispute brought against Hrant Dink for insulting Turkishness. After Hrant Dink's murder, the editor-in-chief of the weekly became Etyen Mahçupyan and Arat Dink continued to work as the executive editor. The present editor-in-chief is Rober Koptaş.


St Kilda Football Club

St Kilda Football Club (nicknamed The Saints) is an Australian rules football club. They play in the Australian Football League. The club first played in 1873. Their home ground is the Marvel Stadium in Melbourne. Their current captain is Jarryn Geary and their current coach is Brett Ratten. They wear a guernsey that is red, white and black, in vertical stripes.
The first mention of a football team in St Kilda was made in 1859. The current club was started in 1873. It was based on the South Yarra Football Club which had closed the year before. The club colours were formed when the red and white of the South Yarra Football Club merged with the black and white of the new St. Kilda Football Club. The first guernsey worn by the club was red and black striped horizontally, with a white neckerchief. The club joined the new Victorian Football League in 1897, and lost its first 48 games. Their home ground was the Junction Oval, in the Melbourne suburb of St. Kilda. In 1964, the team moved from St Kilda to Moorabbin, where they now train.

The team won their first and only premiership in 1966, beating Collingwood. In recent years they have been more competitive, playing in the 1997 Grand Final, losing to Adelaide. Between 2004 and 2011, St. Kilda established a period of dominance, playing in all but the 2007 finals series, and playing in the Preliminary Finals in 2004, 2005, 2008, 2009 and 2010. In 2009, St. Kilda went the first 19 games of the season without being beaten, only to lose to Geelong in the Grand Final by 12 points. In 2010 they played in the Grand Final and drew with Collingwood. A moment etched in the memories of St. Kilda supporters was the moment Stephen Milne opted to let the ball bounce through for a behind in the dying minutes, when he had the opportunity to secure St. Kilda's second premiership with a goal. They were defeated in a replay the next week. They have also placed last on the ladder 26 times since their establishment, the most of any team. 

St. Kilda has featured a number of star players, with 10 , including Ian Stewart and Robert Harvey, who won the award twice. In 1987, Tony Lockett won the Brownlow Medal as well as the Coleman Medal kicking 117 goals.
St Kilda Brownlow Medalists:


St Kilda Coleman Medalists:


<poem>
"Oh when the Saints, go marching in,"
"Oh when the Saints go marching in,"
"Oh how I want to be with St Kilda."
"When the Saints go marching in."
"Oh when the Saints, go marching in,"
"Oh when the Saints go marching in,"
"Oh how I want to be with St Kilda."
"When the Saints go marching in."
</poem>


Ingvar Carlsson

Ingvar Carlsson (born 9 November 1934 in Borås, Västra Götaland County (then Älvsborg County), Sweden), is a Swedish politician, former Prime Minister of Sweden (March 1986–October 1991; October 1994–March 1996) and leader of the Social Democratic Party (March 1986–March 1996). He became Prime Minister in 1986 when Olof Palme was assassinated.


Shilpa Shetty

Shilpa Shetty (Tulu: ಶಿಲ್ಪ ಶೆಟ್ಟಿ) (born 8 June 1975) in Mangalore is a four-time Filmfare Award-nominated Indian movie actress and model. Since making her debut in the movie "Baazigar" (1993), she has appeared in nearly 50 more movies and made her first lead role in 1994's "Aag". She currently resides at the centre of the Hindi-language movie industry in Mumbai, India. Her younger sister Shamita Shetty is also a Bollywood movie actress. 

Shilpa was announced as the winner of "Celebrity Big Brother UK" on 28 January 2007 with 63% of the final votes, after an international reported racism controversy involving her and fellow contestants Jade Goody, Jo O'Meara and Danielle Lloyd. She is also a yoga practitioner, particularly interested in the Ashtanga vinyasa form of yoga and power yoga.

Third party (politics)

In any two-party system of politics, a third party is a party other than the two main ones. While the term should be used only when discussing the third largest party, it is often used to describe any smaller party. For example, in the United Kingdom a third party is a national political party other than the Conservative Party and Labour Party that has a presence in the House of Commons. In the United States, a third party is a political party other than the Democratic Party or Republican Party that has national influence.

The term "third parties" is used in countries with first past the post electoral systems as these systems tend to create a two-party system because successful smaller parties are rare.

Countries using proportional representation have less of a tendency to create a two-party system because successful smaller parties are common. In fact, coalitions between the smaller parties are normal in such a country. A party generally needs to have a certain level of success to be called a third party. Smaller parties that only win a small percentage of the vote and no seats in the legislature are often called "minor parties" or "fringe parties".

Third parties are not usually likely to win the presidency. Despite this, there are many reasons for third parties to run. In an election, the two main parties listen to the opinions of third parties. The larger parties must respond to these opinions, and sometimes the larger parties copy ideas from third parties. Some third parties also hope that the party can slowly build its support and eventually become one of the dominant parties, as the Labour Party did in Britain.





Paula DeAnda

Paula DeAnda (born 1989 in Corpus Christi, Texas) is an American singer. She is best known for her 2007 hit songs "Doing Too Much", "Walk Away (Remember Me)" and "Easy". DeAnda is of Mexican descent.

"Easy" is a song by DeAnda. It also has a remix with Bow Wow. This version is used in the PC video game, "Bratz Babyz".

Republican

Republican could mean:

Third party

Third party is often used in the English language to refer to a person or group that has some connection to a relationship between two parties. Here, a "party" is a person or group of people who act together. If two parties share a close relationship, a third party is farther away or more different from them. It could more directly mean:


Canton of Fribourg

Fribourg is one of the twenty-six cantons of Switzerland. About 250,000 people live in the canton. Of these, about 100,000 live in the urban area of the capital of this canton: Fribourg City.

The canton of Fribourg is found in the west of Switzerland. The river Saane (Sarine) flows from the south to the north of the canton. It borders the cantons of Vaud, Bern and Neuchâtel.

There are 168 municipalities in the canton of Fribourg:


Fribourg

Fribourg can mean one of two areas in Switzerland


Compass rose

A compass rose is a drawing on a map that shows the cardinal directions.


Cardinal direction

Cardinal directions or cardinal points are the four main directions or points of the compass: north, east, south and west. These direction are also written in short form as N, E, S and W.

North and south are directed towards the north and south poles of the Earth. The Earth's rotation defines east and west. The sun rises in the morning in the east, and sets in the afternoon in the west.

If a needle is magnetised and allowed to move freely (for example floated on water) it will align itself with the Earth's magnetic field which is almost in the same direction as north. The direction of the needle in this situation is called magnetic north which in some places differs from the direction of the North Pole by a few degrees.

Through history, different cultures have given different values to each direction. For example, in old Asian culture, each direction is given a color, as follows:



Social Democratic Party

The name Social Democratic Party has been used by many parties in various countries around the world.

Note: Country names and dates in parentheses are not part of official party names.

Knight (chess)

A knight is a chess piece. It is represented by a horse's head and neck. Each player starts the game with two knights. It moves in an L pattern, two squares in one direction then one square in another. It is the only piece in chess that can jump over other pieces. It is also the only piece that can be in position to attack a king, queen, bishop, or rook without also being attacked by that piece. 

'Knight' is shortened to Kt or N when recording games. In printed game scores, it is represented by a figurine.

Queen (chess)

The queen is a chess piece that stands next to the king at the start of a game.The queen starts on the d1 square for white and the d8 square for black. It can move any number of unoccupied squares diagonally, vertically, or horizontally. When recording games, it is shortened to Q.

The queen moves like both the bishop and rook. Both players start with one queen. A player may promote a pawn to a queen when the pawn reaches the end of the board.

The IndoArabic game lasted for nearly a thousand years, until the end of the 15th century. In it, the piece next to the Shah was the Firzān or Visier, who was a counsellor. This piece had a movement even more limited than the king. It moved just one square at a time, on the diagonal. Not surprising, then, that when the move changed into its modern form, the Italians called the new game "schacci alla rabioso" (~furious chess).

Dennis the Menace

Dennis the Menace is the name of two different comic strips, which both debuted in 1951. One is a British comic strip, that is featured in the UK comic magazine, The Beano. The other is a daily newspaper comic strip from the United States. This daily strip was a single panel, but the Sunday strip was longer. The single panels were sometimes collected into small paperbacks. Dennis also had a comic book.

In Britain, Dennis is usually drawn as wearing a red and black striped jumper, and spikey black hair. He is normally with his black dog called Gnasher. 

In the United States, Dennis the Menace (Dennis Mitchell) wore a red and white striped tee-shirt and bib overalls. He had blond hair and a large cowlick. His dog was a sheepdog called Ruff. Dennis' parents are Henry and Alice. His neighbors are George and Martha Wilson. Dennis wants to be helpful but his attempts often end in disaster. Dennis' friends are Tommy Anderson, Joey McDonald, and Margaret Wade. In 1959, the comic strip was developed into a CBS television sitcom called "Dennis the Menace". It stars Jay North as Dennis and Joseph Kearns as George Wilson. The series aired for four years and has been released to DVD.

5 BC

Year 5 BC was a common year starting on Monday or Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Sulla.


Taner Akçam

Altuğ Taner Akçam or Tanner Aktscham is a German sociologist and author.

Taner Akçam was born in Ardahan, Turkey in 1953. He graduated from the department of administrative sciences of . After 1973, he joined left-wing political groups such as ODTÜ-DER and ADYÖD. In 1975, he was tried for spreading communist and Kurdish nationalist propaganda. He was arrested in 1976 and convicted with 9 years prison sentence. On 12 May 1977, he escaped from the prison and moved to Germany. He lived in Germany between 1978 and 1995. He received his PhD in 1995 at . After he became a professor, Akçam worked in and in United States.

Akçam is known for his research on the Armenian—Turkish history of 1915. His work is funded by the , a think-tank that serves Armenian Revolutionary Federation. Taner Akçam uses old Turkish documents in his books but critics state that he cannot read Ottoman Turkish.

Taner Akçam worked on the history of Ottoman Armenians. He researched and 1919 Istanbul trials. According to him, what happened to Armenians meets the legal definition of genocide. However, he ignores that many Turks died during First World War. Therefore, his research shows pro-Armenian bias.

Akçam worked in the Ottoman archives and found many documents. However, experts showed that he wrongly translated some documents and that some other documents were fake. Examples of those documents are the Andonian documents, the memoirs of Sarkis Torosyan, a telegram from Talat Pasha, and the court documents of 1919.

In his 2011 book, "The Young Turks' Crimes Against Humanity", Taner Akçam cited a telegraph from Talat Pasha. In the telegraph dated 29 August 1915, Talat Pasha stated that "The Armenian issue in Eastern provinces has been resolved." Akçam claimed that this proved the "genocidal intent" of the Ottoman government. However, Akçam cited only the first two sentences of the telegraph. The full text shows the government ordered the protection of Armenians. Taner Akçam's falsification had been revealed in three different publications. Akçam did not reply to the allegations of academic dishonesty.

Between 2013 and 2017, Taner Akçam published disputed articles about the memoirs of Sarkis Torosyan. 

Ayhan Aktar, a Turkish academician, published in Turkish the memoirs of Sarkis Torossian in 2012. The memoir is about the story of an Ottoman Armenian soldier. In the story, the soldier fights for the Ottoman Empire during First World War. He is brilliant and earns a military reward. However, he changes sides when his family is killed by the government. Historians Halil Berktay and Hakan Erdem found factual and logical mistakes in the book. They concluded that the story was fake. But their research was published in Turkish. People, who lived outside Turkey, couldn't read them. Taner Akçam and Ayhan Aktar falsely told the Western press that the memoirs were true. They also falsely claimed that Turkish people denied the memoirs because of political and racist reasons. After that, historian Edhem Eldem published an article that criticized Taner Akçam for his dishonesty.

International Date Line

The International Date Line (IDL), also known as just the Date Line, is an imaginary line on the surface of the Earth, going from north to south in the Pacific Ocean. The date becomes one day later as one travels across it in western direction, and one day earlier as one travels across it in eastern direction.

The reason for this effect is that the countries on the western side of the International Date Line, (in or outside eastern Asia) have the time zone 10–12 hours more than Greenwich. And the countries on eastern side of it (Alaska/Hawaii and other areas) have the time zone 9–12 hours less than Greenwich. So when travelling across the line, one's watch has to be adjusted 20–24 hours, depending on the time zones. 

For example, New Zealand is twelve hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time while Hawaii is ten hours behind Greenwich Mean Time. When travelling from New Zealand to Hawaii the clocks must be switched 22 hours backwards, about one day.

International Date Line follows the meridian of 180° longitude down the middle of the Pacific Ocean for some distance. So that it does not cross nations, it passes around the far east of Russia and other archipelagos in the Pacific.

In the north the date line turns to the east through the Bering Strait and then west past the Aleutian Islands in order to keep Alaska and Russia on opposite sides of the line. This is to keep it in agreement with the date of the rest of those countries. The date line passes equidistantly between the two Diomede Islands—Little Diomede Island (US) and Big Diomede Island (Russia)—at a distance of 1.5 km (1 mi) from each island.

The date line circumvents the territory of Kiribati by swinging far to the east, almost reaching the 150° meridian.

In the South Pacific the date line swings east such that Wallis and Futuna, Fiji, Tonga, and New Zealand's Kermadec Islands have the same date but Samoa is one day earlier.

The International Date Line can cause confusion among airline travelers. The most problematic situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east. To travel from Tonga to Samoa by air, for example, takes about two hours but involves crossing the International Date Line, causing passengers to arrive the day before they left. This often causes confusion in travel schedules, like hotel bookings. Some examples of time zone adjustments for real air trips are: Alaska-Siberia 21 hours, New Zealand-Cook Islands 22 hours, and Samoa-Tonga 24 hours.

If someone travels around the globe in an airplane from east to west (the same direction as Magellan), they should subtract one hour for every 15° of longitude crossed, losing 24 hours for one circuit of the globe; but 24 hours are added when crossing the International Date Line (from east to west). The International Date Line must therefore be observed in conjunction with Earth's time zones: the net adjustment to one's watch is zero. If one crosses the date line at precisely midnight, going westward, one skips an entire day; while going eastward, one repeats the entire day.

For two hours every day, at UTC 10:00–11:59, there are actually three different days observed at the same time. At UTC time Thursday 10:15, for example, it is Wednesday 23:15 in Samoa, which is eleven hours behind UTC, and it is Friday 00:15 in Kiritimati (separated from Samoa by the IDL), which is fourteen hours ahead of UTC. For the first hour (UTC 10:00–10:59), this phenomenon affects inhabited territories, whereas during the second hour (UTC 11:00–11:59) it only affects an uninhabited maritime time zone twelve hours behind UTC.

Originally, the date line ran along the 180° meridian. This is a relatively good choice, because most of the time, there is no land there. There are however some problems.

Looking from the north, one of the first places where the meridian runs over dry land is the Chukchi Peninsula, which is part of Russia. The whole peninsula has been declared part of the UTC+12. This means that all of Russia (and with it, all of Asia) is on the same side of the date line.

There are many groups of islands in the Pacific Ocean. These groups belong to states which do not want some islands on one side of the date line, and the rest on the other. They have therefore decided to move the date line, so that all islands are in the same time zone. Examples of this are the Aleutian Islands, which are on both sides of the 180° meridian. They are part of Alaska, and are therefore all in the UTC-10 timezone. The date line has a "bump" to the west, there.

There are a few Islands, east of the 180°, which belong to New Zealand. It was decided that they should have the same date as New Zealand, so the date line runs east of the meridian there.

Kiribati is a state consisting of many small islands, spread over a huge portion of the Pacific; the meridian runs right through the state. Because the state needed the same date over all its territory, the date line was shifted east, the biggest shift to occur, in 1995. The easternmost island of Kiribati was renamed to Millennium Island, because it was the first part of the world which saw the new millennium.

The Philippines had very good trade relations with Mexico. They therefore decided they wanted the same date, date line to the west of the state. When the trade with China grew, this was inconvenient. They changed, after Monday, 30 December 1844, came Wednesday, 1 January 1845.

Jews and Muslims and Christians regard particular days of the week as holy. For Muslims this is Friday, Jews (and a few Christian denominations) regard Saturday as the Sabbath, while most Christians observe Sunday as "the Lord's Day" in honour of the 7th day of creation when God was said to have rested. This works well if the traveller stays on the same side of the date line, but there is a problem when travellers move across it. For the traveller it might still be Friday, but the place where he is might say that it is Saturday.



Boredom

Boredom is an emotional state that comes when a person has nothing to do, and is not interested in anything. To stop boredom, most people do something to occupy or amuse themselves. 

The first known use of the word "boredom" is in the novel "Bleak House" by Charles Dickens, written in 1852, but the saying "to be a bore" had been used to mean "to be tiresome or dull" since 1768.

Psychologically, boredom is a bad state in which the person feels a deep lack of interest in what is going on around them, and where it is hard to focus.

Circle of latitude

On the Earth, a circle of latitude is an imaginary east-west circle that connects all locations with a given latitude. A location's position along a circle of latitude is given by its longitude. Circles of latitude are often called parallels because they are parallel to each other. It is measured in absolute location.

The five major circles of latitude are, from north to south:

J-pop

J-pop is a popular music in Japan. J-pop is a short name for Japanese pop, which means popular music or songs in Japan. Some people calls "歌謡曲" toward older songs. From around 1940s until recently, J-Pop has been influenced (affected) by Western popular music and culture. But new J-Pop nowadays sounds different than older J-Pop. This kind of music is common in Japan and it is often played by young and old music groups.

There are many songwriters and singer-songwriters who have been playing Japanese pops. Such musicians follows: 




List of J-pop artists

A list of Japanese pop musicians and bands.

Ara Darzi

Ara Darzi (born 7 May 1960) is a British doctor. He was appointed head of Minister of Healthcare of Great Britain.

Ara Darzi was born in Iraq in a family with Armenian descent, which escaped the Genocide of 1915. But most of his life was lived in Ireland.

Puffy AmiYumi

Puffy AmiYumi was the one of the more popular J-pop groups of the 1990s. The band has two members, Ami Onuki and Yumi Yoshimura. It was first formed in December 1995.

They had some success when they went to the United States to record and perform. They had a short-lived (November 19, 2004 – June 27, 2006; 118 episodes) cartoon series on Cartoon Network called Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi. It can still be seen occasionally on the Japanese version of Cartoon Network.

Yui (singer)

YUI, is a Japanese musician. She was born 26 March 1987 in Fukuoka, Japan. She is signed to Sony Music Records Japan. She sings, and plays the guitar, keyboard and electric guitar, although she usually performs with only an acoustic guitar. She started in a Japanese movie released on 17 June 2006 titled 'Taiyō no Uta' (A Song to the Sun). She is popular with young girls,but she decided to stop her music activity as YUI in 2012. It means she carry on her music work but not YUI.

She dropped out high school because she want to live with music.Then she started taking music lesson at ongakujyuku.It is famous music private night-school.She practiced playing the guitar and making songs. She participated in music contest and got first prize.By that winning, she can get right to major debut. 

She made a debut with "feel my soul". This is her first major song. Afterthat she made many hit songs.Especially,her fifth single goodbye days was hit.And she appeared in "taiyou no uta" that is the movie her song was used.

YUI has released seven albums:


And she makes many new single CD.

Zard

Zard was a J-pop girl group. Zard's music did not often appear on television. The group had many famous songs, for example "Makenaide". One of Zard's members was Izumi Sakai. Her true name was Sachiko Kamachi. She was a vocalist. Other Zard's members changed many times. Izumi Sakai was born in Fukuoka on February 6, 1967. She fought illness in Keiougijyuku University hospital. She had cervical cancer. Izumi Sakai died on May 27, 2007. When she died, she was 40 years old.

Wyolica

Wyolica is a two-person band from Japan. The members are Azumi (vocals) and So-to (guitar). The group is not well known outside of Japan. Their sound is very similar of many American pop acts but sung in Japanese.

Their first album, "Who Said La La?" was released in 2000. Since then they have released a number of albums and singles, including a six-song EP of acoustic songs.


Crystal Kay

Crystal Kay Williams (born 26 February 1986 in Yokohama, Japan) is a J-Pop singer. She is also known as "Kuri" by her fans. She is well known for her songs "Koi ni Ochitara" and "Boyfriend -part II-". She has released ten Japanese studio albums. In 2003 she released an English album called "Natural: World Premiere Album". She started singing on television commercials when she was four years old. When she was twelve she was signed to Epic Records. Kay's first album "C.L.L Crystal Lover Light" was released on March 23, 2000 when Kay was fourteen. 


Speed (band)

SPEED is a Japanese music group. The group is made up of four female singers. They are from Okinawa, Japan. The members are Hiroko Shimabukuro, Eriko Imai, Takako Uehara and Hitoe Arakaki. Hiroko and Eriko are lead vocal singers.

When they debuted, Hiroko was 12 years old. They made their debut single “Body & Soul” in 1996. They have many songs which sold million records.

They broke up on March 31, 2000. From 2000 to 2008, they have broken up and came back together several times. They made their latest come back in 2008.





Glay

Glay is a Japanese rock band. There are 4 men in the band. The member's names are Takuro (guitar & piano), Teru (vocals), Hisashi (guitar), and Jiro (bass). They are one of the most popular rock bands in Japan. They are from Hakodate in Hokkaido. "HOWEVER" is their most famous song. This song made them famous. Many of their CDs and albums have sold millions of copies .

Since 2007, Teru has been in ads shown on television and in theaters to raise awareness about HIV/AIDS.


Aiko (singer)

Aiko (born November 22, 1975) is a Japanese singer and guitar player. She has a high popularity among young people. Her most famous song is "Kabutomushi". Aiko has won several Japan Gold Disc Awards.

Aiko debuted in 1998. She sings songs about love and girls' feelings. Her famous songs are "Hanabi", "Boyfriend", "Kabutomushi", "Kirakira", and so on. "milk/Nageki no Kisu", her "mukaiawase"　double A-side single, was her first single to hit #1 on Oricon since her debut..She do many concerts at everywhere in Japan.

Ringo Shiina

Ringo Shiina (born November 25, 1978) is a Japanese singer and guitarist. She is a member of Tokyo Jihen. Shiina is from Fukuoka. 

She was the creative supervisor and music director of the Flag Handover Ceremony at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics / Paralympics.

She stayed in the UK from January to March 1997.
Career 

1998
Debut 

1999
Released the fourth single Honno(instinct). This single has become a million seller

2004-2012
in TOKYO JIHEN(INCIDENTS TOKYO)

2018
Participated in the 69th NHK Red vs. White Song Battle

GO!GO!7188

GO!GO!7188 was a band from Japan with three members. One plays guitar, one plays drums, and one plays bass. The main vocalist is a woman. One of their famous songs is "Koinouta".

GO!GO!7188 formed in 1998 by YUU (singer/guitarist) and AKKO (singer/bassist); high school classmates in Kagoshima prefecture. In 1999, they headed to Tokyo where they meet drummer TURKEY.

Ever since they have released 9 full-length albums, 12 singles and 3 DVDs.

When they made their debut in the Japanese music scene, they were quoted to be one of the leading girl's punk band which mixes rock'n roll music with Japanese pop.

They have raised their evaluation as one of most important Japanese rock bands, making performances in live houses events to Nippon Budokan hall, with songs rich and full of originality and high performance ability.


single

Porno Graffitti

Porno Graffitti is a Japanese J-Pop band. The members of the band are Akihito Okano (vocals) and Haruichi Shindo (guitar). The band is from Innoshima in Hiroshima. The band first started playing in 1999 with three members. The third member, Tama, left the band in 2004. The band has become one of the duos leading the music in Japan.

Yuki (singer)

Yuki Isoya (born February 17, 1972) is a Japanese singer. Isoya debuted as a singer of the group Judy and Mary in 1993. Judy and Mary broke up in 1999. She began her solo singing career in February, 2002. Isoya has released four albums. 

Mr. Children

Mr. Children, usually called , is a Japanese rock band made in 1988. They belong to Oorong-sha (). Their record company is Toy's Factory.



They are one of the most successful Japanese bands, selling over 50 million records. 

The official fan club of Mr. Children is called Father & Mother. The fan club was started in 1994. The fan club can only be joined by mail and requires an admission fee of 3.500 yen, with yearly re-applications for membership. And there are concert ticket only for the members.

As of 2007, Mr. Children has published twelve original studio albums and 30 singles, three compilation albums, a live album, and ten home video releases.





3B Lab

3B LAB.* is a Japanese punk band. They are all men. The vocalist also sang in the folk-rock band 19. Their most popular song is "Ichigo Ichi". They're now called 3B Lab.☆S. Tamakoshi Masahiro left this group in 2009.

Members :

Korea Selatan

Korea Selatan

Jepang

Jepang

Korea Selatan

Amerika

Korea Selatan

Korea Selatan

Indonesia

Ellegarden

Ellegarden is a Japanese band formed in 1998 by four young men.Their activity pauses now.

Hosomi Takeshi(Guiter&Vocal)
Ubukata Shinichi(Guiter)
Takada yuichi(Bass)
Takahashi Hirotaka(Drums)

Def Tech

Def Tech is a Japanese group. The band has three members: Shen, Micro and Playa T. They have sold more than 2.8 million copies of their albums "Def Tech" and "Lokahi Lani". The band took a break in September 2007 and have since reunited as of June 2010.

Ai Otsuka

Ai Otsuka (born September 9, 1982) is a Japanese pop female singer-songwriter and pianist from Osaka, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. Her music is famous because it varies a lot in style but is mainly happy pop. Her first single was called Momo No Hanbira, but it was not until her second single, which was called Sakuranbo, that people really noticed her music.

Remioromen

Remioromen are a three-man band from Japan that started in 2000. 

Ayaka

Ayaka Iida (born December 18, 1987 in Moriguchi, Osaka Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese female singer signed and songwriter. 
Ayaka is married to Hiro Mizushima. Her favorite singer is the Beatles, DREAMS COME TRUE, Mr.Children and so on. She started musical activities when she was 1st high school student.She released "I believe" and she made her debut in 2006. She sufferd from Basedow's disease and she stopped musical activity in 2009 in order to concentrate on getting well. But she started activities again in 2011 and announced that she made her own record company.


original album

best album

Kyu Sakamoto

Kyu Sakamoto "坂本九" (real name "Hisasi Osima") was a singer and actor, born on December 10, 1941 in Kanagawa, Japan.

Sakamoto's song "Sukiyaki" became the first Japanese song in the United States to sell a million copies and reached No.1 on a music chart on June 15, 1963. Its original (Japanese) title is "上を向いて歩こう" which means "I look up as I walk". He died on August 12, 1985 in an airplane accident during a flight on Japan Airlines Flight 123) aboard from Kanagawa in Japan.

His major hit songs were as follows.
<br>


Orange Range

On March, 2001, the present members were composed of the classmates from the preschool and YOH’s younger brother, RYO. When they were indies, they did lots of their concerts on the street, and the audience was surely increased. On July 4, 2003, they debuted and became major by their 1st single, “Kirikirimai”. Their 2nd single, “Shanghai Honey” was appreciated by the mass media and became a hit. On February 25,2004, they released their 5th single, “Michishirube～a road home～” came in 1st place in the Japanese single charts for the first time in themselves, and since then, their singe continued to come in 1st place to their 13th single, “Champione”.

Also, a member of other bands, including "Soy-sauce" and "Pechuniarokkusu". He writes more than half of all Orange Range songs.

Before joining the group Orange Range, he was a member of another band, "Ruse". He and Yoh are brothers.

He has not cut his hair since releasing the song "Hana".
He usually plays bass, but uses a guitar when he makes songs.
It is said that he has a screwdriver when he records music because it makes him relaxed, but sometimes its sound is also recorded and they have to record again.


Bump of Chicken

Bump of Chicken is a Japanese rock music group. The members are four men. All members in this group were born in 1979. The vocalist of the group is Fujiwara Motoo. The bassist of the group is Naoi Yoshifumi. The guitarist of the group is Masukawa Hiroaki. The drummer of the group is Masu Hideo. They have been friends since they started school at a young age. The voice of Fujiwara Motoo and the words of their music, which he writes, are popular. They released the debut album “FLAME VEIN” in 1999.




Zeebra

Zeebra ( "", born April 2, 1971 in Tokyo, Japan) is a famous Japanese hip hop artist, who is known as the first rapper in Japan. He was born and raised in Tokyo. He made his first appearance in 1995. Zeebra was a member of the hip-hop group King Giddra, which also included DJ Oasis and K Dub Shine. He became a solo artist in 1997. Because he has been in many TV commercials, started hip-hop television programs, and produced songs for upcoming rappers, Zeebra could be called the father of the Japanese rap scene. His daughter is Rima Yokoi, a rapper as a member of the girl group NiziU.

Dreams Come True

Dreams Come True is a Japanese J-Pop music group.

The group is made up of a woman and a man. The vocalist is Miwa Yoshida and the bassist is Masato Namamura. They made their debut in 1988. The group tends to use humorous and ambiguous language in their songs.

Every Little Thing (band)

Every Little Thing is a Japanese rock band. The group is made up of a woman and a man. The woman, Kaori Mochida, is a singer from Tokyo, and the man, Ichiro Ito, is a guitarist from Kanagawa Prefecture. This group made their debut in 1996. And next year they took part in Kohaku (New Year's) Song battle for the first time. When they started the band, there were three members. But Mitsuru Igarashi left the band in 2000, and he started to focus on his production. He made all of Every Little Thing's songs and wrote their lyrics. So since he left, Every little thing sound changed a little. Now they released 35 single CDs, 8 original albums, 2 best albums and 3 ballad best albums. They took part in "Kouhakuutagassen" eight times. They are often called "ELT". 

Ito began playing guitar in local bands around the US Yokota Air Base in Fussa, Tokyo, performing cover versions of songs by rock acts like Van Halen to local sailors. He initially intended to play drums.

Mochida made her debut as a baby in an advertisement for diapers as her mom hoped she would enter the entertainment business. In 1991, at the age of 13, she joined the eight-member girl group The Kuro Buta All-Stars. Though not successful, the experience convinced her to record a two track demo, featuring the two songs, "Mouichido" (The Kuro Buta All-Stars) and a cover song from 1970s/80s singer-songwriter Mariya Takeuchi.

She sent the demo to Avex Trax, where Mitsuru Igarashi was a producer looking for a girl for a new duo with him as the keyboardist. Impressed by her strong yet sweet voice, Igarashi asked her to join as a duo, and then asked his guitarist friend Ichiro Ito, then working as a studio receptionist, to help on the first single "Feel My Heart", created by Igarashi. Ito, over ten years Mochida's senior, has said that when first meeting the young Mochida wearing gyaru style thick platform boots, he didn't even know how to strike up conversation.




KAT-TUN

KAT-TUN is a Japanese J-Pop band.

The group is made up of six young Japanese men. Their debut was announced January 29, 2006. The debut was accompanied by a concert tour of Japan. They released a single ("Real Face"), an album ("Best of KAT-TUN"), and a DVD ("Real Face Film") on the same day, March 22, 2006.　

KAT-TUN is now made up of three members:
Members who left the group:


KAT-TUN not only sings and dances. KAT-TUN also acts.

BoA

Kwon Bo-ah (born 5 November 1986 in Guri, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea) is a South Korean singer. She is commonly known by her stage name BoA. She has been active in both South Korea and Japan. Aside from Korean, BoA also speaks Japanese and English and has released songs in those languages. She also released some Chinese songs, but she does not know Chinese. BoA succeeded not only in Korea, but in all of East Asia as well.

BoA was born and raised in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. She was discovered by SM Entertainment talent agents when she accompanied her older brother to a talent search. In 2000, after two years of training, she released ID; Peace B, her debut Korean album. Two years later, she released her debut Japanese album, Listen to My Heart.
On October 21, 2008, BoA debuted in the United States with the single "Eat You Up", and released her debut English-language album, BoA on March 17, 2009.





Namie Amuro

Namie Amuro is a Japanese singer, born September 20, 1977 in Naha, Okinawa. She was the top J-Pop star of the 1990s, with a long string of number-one hits.

When she had a baby in the late 1990s her popularity went down, but her albums became popular again when she released "Queen of Hip-Hop". Her next album "Play" became #1. Her 2008 hit single, 60s 70s 80s, sold about 293,000 copies and came #1. That was her first #1 single since 1999.

In July 2008, Namie released her third greatest hits album BEST FICTION, which sold over 1.500,000 copies. It was the year's the most selling female album in Japan and second most selling album.


Saturn (mythology)

Saturn (Latin: "Sāturnus") was a Roman god of agriculture and harvest. He was the father of Ceres, Jupiter, Veritas and others. He was associated with wealth, liberation, and time. He was identified with the Greek titan Kronos, whose reign (often referred to as the Golden Age) was regarded as a time of abundance and peace. 

The Temple of Saturn situated within the Roman Forum housed the state treasury. In December, the festival of Saturnalia, perhaps the most famous of all the Roman festivals, was held in his honor — it largely consisted of a public banquet, role reversals, private gift-giving and revelry. The planet Saturn is named after him and the modern English weekday Saturday (Latin "diēs Sāturni" - "Day of Saturn") bears his name.

Comanche

Comanche peoples are Native Americans who lived in an area called the "Comancheria". This is where Eastern New Mexico, Southern Colorado, Southern Kansas, all of Oklahoma and most of Northern and Southern Texas are today. There once were as many as 20,000 Comanches. Today the Comanche Nation has 10,000 members, most in Oklahoma (centered at Lawton) and the rest in Texas, California, and New Mexico. The Comanche speak a language of their own, the Comanche language that is related to other Native American ones, called "Uto-Aztecan language family".

The name Comanche was given by the Mexicans and it was the word the Comanche used to call them, "kleptomania" (enemy, foreigner). But the Comanches' call themselves "Numinous", meaning "human being" or "the People". They were very good warriors and fought the white settlers and army for many years until they gave up in 1875.

The woman in the family made the teepees. They gathered wild potatoes, fruits, nuts and berries. The woman in the family cooked, cleaned and made their clothing. The clothing was made out either bear, deer, bison, buffalo, wolves or coyotes.



Cuvette

A cuvette is a kind of laboratory glassware, usually a small tube of circular or square cross shape, closed at one end and open at the other, made of plastic, glass, or optical grade quartz and made to hold samples for spectroscopic experiments. The best cuvettes are as clear as possible, without impurities that might affect a spectroscopic reading. Like a test tube, a cuvette may be open to the air on top or have a glass or other material to close it.

John Abbot

John Abbot (1587/1588 – c. 1650) was an English Roman Catholic priest and poet. Nobody knows where he was born, he might have been from either London or Leicester. Abbot was from a strongly Protestant family because he was the nephew of George Abbot, the Archbishop of Canterbury, but after being educated at Balliol College, Oxford, he travelled to the European continent where he was converted to Roman Catholicism. On returning to England he was in Jesuit orders for a while, before working as a priest. In 1635 he was put in jail. He was released within a year, but in 1637 he was again arrested, and spent the rest of his life in prison.

His best known work is his poem "Devout Rhapsodies" (2 vols., 1647), about the war between Good and Evil and the temptation and fall of man.



Lemuel Abbott

Lemuel Abbott (c. 1730 – April 1776) was an English priest and poet. Little is known of his background, but he worked as a priest in Ansty, Leicestershire and Thornton. He is known mostly for his collection of poems called "Poems on Various Subjects, whereto is Prefixed a Short Essay on the Structure of English Verse", published in 1765. Abbott and his wife Mary were probably the parents of the artist Lemuel Francis Abbott.

Thomas Eastoe Abbott

Thomas Eastoe Abbott (1786/1787|7 – 18 February 1854) was an English poet. He was born in East Dereham, Norfolk. He lived in Darlington, where he worked at the Royal Free Grammar School. He wrote many books like "Peace, a Lyric Poem" (1814); "Resignation" (1817); "The Triumph of Christianity" (1819); and "The Soldier's Friend" (1828). Abbott died in Darlington, County Durham in 1854.


Division of labour

In ancient history, a division of labour (or specialisation) was when some people in a city stopped growing crops and took other jobs. This usually happened because of a surplus of food. This means that there was more than enough food for everyone, so some people did not have to grow crops anymore.

Xenophon was a philosopher of the 4th century BC. In his book Cryopedia ("The Education of Cyrus") he writes about the division of labour: 

"Just as the various trades are most highly developed in large cities, in the same way food at the palace is prepared in a far superior manner. In small towns the same man makes couches, doors, ploughs and tables, and often he even builds houses, and still he is thankful if only he can find enough work to support himself. And it is impossible for a man of many trades to do all of them well. In large cities, however, because many make demands on each trade, one alone is enough to support a man, and often less than one: for instance one man makes shoes for men, another for women, there are places even where one man earns a living just by mending shoes, another by cutting them out, another just by sewing the uppers together, while there is another who performs none of these operations but assembles the parts, Of necessity, he who pursues a very specialised task will do it best."


Euphrates

The Euphrates is the western of the two rivers that define the borders of Mesopotamia. The other is the Tigris, which joins the Euphrates to form the Shatt-al-Arab and flow into the Persian Gulf. Several dams have been built since the 1970s. As a result, less water flows down the river into the sea. 
The Euphrates, along with the Tigris, were very important to ancient Mesopotamians because they would provide water and irrigation. It is 1,728 miles long and is one of the longest rivers in all of Mesopotamia. It is slower than the Tigris river but at the same time longer. 

JC Chasez

JC Chasez (born Joshua Scott Chasez on August 8, 1976 in Washington, D.C.), is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and producer. He is best known as one of the lead singers in the boy band NSYNC. On February 24 2004 Chasez's solo album "Schizophrenic" was released. Three singles were released from the album. Chasez made a girl group called Girl Radical with Jimmy Harry.

NSYNC

Solo Career

Surplus

Surplus is when there is more of something than is needed. Therefore:

Herl

Herl is a municipality and a part of the Ruwer (municipality) in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 253 people lived there.


Ricky Martin

Enrique Martin Morales (born on December 24, 1971), also most commonly or better known by his stage name as Ricky Martin, is a two-time Grammy Award and 4 Latin Grammy Award-winning Puerto Rican-American pop singer, dancer, musician, recording artist and actor. He has since then rose up to fame and super stardom with such an excellent and a prestigious track record, first as an elite member of the Latin boy band Menudo, and then as a prominent solo musical pop artist ever since then from 1991-present, and throughout over his entire singing career, he has annually recorded, released and sold out over 95 million singing albums and groundbreaking records all over around the world, while charting up with nearly and about up to 27 top 10 greatest hits as of on the US Latin Charts, and with over and about 11 breaking records of which have overly reached up with number one and a total of over 40 hit released singles.

Studio Albums

Extended Plays

Live Albums

Compilation Albums

DVDs

Fiefdom

In feudalism, a fiefdom (also called a fief, feud, feoff, or fee) was a property or right that an overlord gave a vassal in exchange for military service. This property, of whatever size, could be inherited by the man's heirs. However, not only land but anything of value could be held in fee, including a political office, hunting or fishing rights or monopolies in trade. A fief included the right of possession of something but with conditions.

Nicky Hilton Rothschild

Nicholai "Nicky" Olivia Hilton (born October 5, 1983, in New York City, New York) is an American fashion model, socialite, and fashion designer. Hilton is also an heiress to a part of the Hilton Hotels chain, as well as to about 5–15% of her father's real estate fortune and investments. She shares her nickname with her grandfather's brother, Conrad "Nicky" Hilton, who died 14 years before she was born. She is the sister of celebrity Paris Hilton.

Disappearance of Madeleine McCann

Madeleine McCann (born 12 May 2003) was reported missing on the evening of Thursday, 3 May 2007 from a holiday apartment in Praia da Luz in the Algarve, Portugal. One newspaper said it was "the most heavily reported missing-person case in modern history". It is still not known where she is or what happened to her.

Madeleine was on holiday with her parents, her two-year-old twin brother and sister, and family friends. She and the twins had been left asleep at 20:30 in a ground floor apartment, while the McCanns and friends had dinner in a restaurant away. The parents checked on the children every so often, until it was discovered Madeleine was missing at 22:00. Over the next few weeks, the Portuguese police started to believe that Madeleine had died in an accident in the apartment and the parents had covered it up.

There was a lot of news coverage around the world about the case. Rumours that Madeleine has been taken to countries such as Morocco and Malta have all turned out to be untrue.

Madeleine's parents have started a website in their daughter's name where people can keep up to date on events and write to the family. They have also started "Madeleine's Fund" to which people can give money.

Robert Murat was the first official suspect. On 8 September 2007, Madeleine's mother, Kate McCann, and her father, Gerry McCann, were declared official suspects as well, after the finding of blood and fluids in their apartment. Murat stopped being an official suspect in July 2008, Kate and Gerry in August 2008.

The case remains unsolved. However, in June 2020 a possible suspect who is yet to be named is being held in custody for question by German authorities. The person being held is known to have committed other sexual assaults on children.


Linda Thelenius

Linda Thelenius (born Linda Maria Elisabeth Gedin later "Linda Rosing" 21 January 1974 in Västerås, Sweden) is a model and was a participant in the 2003 edition of "Big Brother" in Sweden. In the Big Brother house, she and another participant, Micke, became involved in a relationship which was followed closely by the producers. During the show, she had sex on live TV, making her an instant tabloid celebrity.

Thelenius released her debut single, "Summer Love", in 2004. In 2006, she released her autobiography, "Den nakna sanningen" ("The naked truth"), written together with journalist and television host Daniel Nyhlén.

In the summer of 2006, Thelenius became the leader of a new political party, 'Unika Partiet', or 'The Unique Party'. This is a so-called non-registered party, meaning that there is no official record of the party. Thelenius was listed as the only candidate for the party, listed as an author on the party ballot. She received 222 votes out of more than 5.6 million votes cast in the election. Thelenius is also famous for her many plastic surgery operations. She has breast implants, has had a facelift, and uses botox injections.


Linda Bengtzing

Linda Bengtzing (born March 13, 1974 in Gullspang, Sweden) is a singer and television host. She has sung three times in the Swedish Melodifestivalen.


Melodifestivalen

Melodifestivalen (translated as the "Melody Festival") is a Swedish annual music competition held to decide Sweden's song and performer at the Eurovision Song Contest. It is organised by Sveriges Television (SVT) and Sveriges Radio (SR).

It has been staged under various formats almost every year since Sweden first participated in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1958. The first year, no TV or radio broadcasted event was held, but in 1959, the first public competition was held. The competition is the most popular television programme in Sweden, a title it has held since 2000, at times eclipsing even Eurovision itself. In 2007, an estimated four million Swedes—almost 44% of the country's population—watched the final, while the semifinals averaged around 3.1 million viewers.

The winner is chosen by a number of regional juries and a national televote. Until 2001 the competition was normally limited to between eight and twelve songs (in 1981, only five songs), but since the introduction of semifinals in 2002 that number has risen to thirty-two.

The Melodifestival has produced five Eurovision-winning songs and fifteen placings in the top five for Sweden at the Contest. The event is often seen as being dominated by light orchestrated pop songs, known locally as Schlager. music—so much so that it is sometimes referred to as "Schlagerfestivalen" (the "Schlager Festival") or "Schlager-SM" ("Swedish schlager championship") by the Swedish media but other styles of music such as rap, reggae and glam rock have made an appearance since the competition's expansion. 

The competition makes a significant impact on music charts in Sweden; twenty-three participants reached the domestic singles chart in 2006 and twenty-one in 2007. There would have been more people taking part, but Agnes Carlsson was disqualified because she discussed her song in an interview with the Aftonblad newspaper.

Created in 1958, Melodifestivalen has been the competition which all but one of the Swedish Eurovision entries had to go through. There are typically four "heats" of around seven entries each. From each heat, the two most voted-for entries go through to the final while the 3rd and 4th placed entries from each heat go to the "Second Chance Round". From this round, four more finalists are chosen. 

In 2022, the second-chance round was replaced with a semi-final where the eight winners of the heats were taken down to four finalists. In 2024, the semi-final will be scrapped and a new fifth heat will be added.

There have been fifty-six winners of Melodifestivalen. 

Katie Price

Katrina Amy Alexandra Alexis Infield Price (born 22 May 1978), also known as Katie Price and her pseudonym Jordan, is an English socialite, media personality and glamour model. 

She was born in Brighton, East Sussex, England.

She first became known as a topless female glamour model in a pictorial "Page 3" tabloid newspaper "The Sun". Later, her life in the public spotlight allowed her to develop a variety of different activities including television, books, fashion and music.

Her singles include "A Whole New World" with Peter Andre. It peaked at number 12. A solo "Free To Love Again" peaked at number 60.

She won "Celebrity Big Brother" in 2015 and was also a contestant twice on "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!".

Price has had many plastic surgeries on her breasts and her face. In 2002, Price had a leiomyosarcoma (a type of cancer) removed from her finger. Although estimates of her net worth were approximately £40 million, on November 26th 2019 she was declared bankrupt, details can be seen on the UK insolvency register here.

She married Peter Andre in September 2005; they divorced in 2009. She married Alex Reid in February 2010; they divorced in 2011. In January 2013, she married Kieran Hayler. Price has a son, Harvey (born in May 2002), by footballer Dwight Yorke. He is blind, has ADHD and Prader-Willi syndrome and is autistic. She has a son Junior (born June 2005), and daughter, Princess (born June 2007), by Andre. She has a son, Jett (born August 2013), by Hayler. The couple separated in May 2014. Their daughter was born in August 2014.

She got engaged to Kris Boyson in July 2019.

Nikki Grahame

Nicola Rachele-Beth "Nikki" Grahame (28 April 1982 – 9 April 2021) was a British television personality. 

Grahame became famous in the UK when she became housemate on "Big Brother 7" in 2006. A former model and promotions girl, Grahame has become renowned for throwing temper tantrums — behaviour that divided viewer opinion during her time on Big Brother. It led to her being given her own reality television show called "Princess Nikki".

Grahame won a National Television Award for most popular TV contender in 2006. Grahame wrote a regular column in "OK!'s" "Hot Stars" magazine.

She returned to the Big Brother house in June 2015 as a special guest at Big Brother 16, spending a total of 16 days inside the house. She was a HouseGuest in season 4 of "Big Brother Canada", having entered the house in March 2016.

Grahame spent most of her adolescence in psychiatric hospitals. She had the eating disorder anorexia nervosa, a condition that left her comatose and near death at the age of 12. She has told about her experience in two autobiography books called "Dying To Be Thin - The True Story Of My Lifelong Battle Against Anorexia" released in 2009 and "Fragile - The True Story of My Lifelong Battle With Anorexia" released in 2012. In October 2011, Grahame said she had relapsed and was suffering from anorexia again. She had checked into her 11th institution and weighed just 
. In 2012, Grahame was put in hospital after she took an overdose of pills.

Grahame died in a private hospital in England on 9 April 2021 from anorexia at the age of 38.

Venus Williams

Venus Ebony Starr Williams (born June 17, 1980) is an American professional tennis player. William is a former world No. 1 in both singles and doubles, Williams is often said to be one of the all-time greats of the sport of tennis. She is also an Olympic gold medalist who has won 7 Grand Slam titles. She was ranked World No. 24 as of October 22, 2012 in singles.

Williams is the older sister of Serena Williams. Serena has also been ranked as number one in the world. The Williams sisters are well known for their power games. Venus holds the record for the fastest serve by a female player in a main draw match (128.8 mph).

In 2003, the sister and personal assistant to Venus Williams, Yetunde Price, was shot dead in Compton, California near the courts on which the sisters once practiced. Shortly after her death , the Williams family said "We are extremely shocked, saddened and devastated by the shooting death of our beloved Yetunde. She was our nucleus and our rock. She was a personal assistant, confidante, and adviser to her sisters, and her death leaves a void that can never be filled. Our grief is overwhelming, and this is the saddest day of our lives."

On December 13, 2007, Williams got her associate degree in fashion design from the Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale.

In 2011, Williams was forced to stop playing in the US Open before her second-round match after she learned she had Sjögren's syndrome. After she learned this, Williams started following a vegan diet and lowered the amount of calories and sugars in her diet.

In 2015, Williams got a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration from Indiana University East. She began studying for the degree in 2011 through an agreement between the university and the Women's Tennis Association. The agreement lets athletes play tennis professionally while studying online. Williams has said that shw wants to earn a MBA as well.

Williams is a Jehovah's Witness.

Williams has dated golfer Hank Kuehne. They were seen together from 2007 until 2010. In 2012, she met Cuban model Elio Pis. They dated until 2015. She dated publishing heir Nicholas Hammond for two years until 2019.

On June 9, 2017, Williams was in an accident in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. A car collided with her SUV as she was driving through an intersection. The accident caused the death of a 78-year-old man and injured another person in the other vehicle. WHen the accident happened, Police said that Williams was "at fault". After they reviewed the surveillance video, they said that she had not caused it.

On December 21, 2017, authorities said that the accident had occurred after Williams' vehicle was unlawfully cut off by an unidentified driver of a third vehicle. A nearby surveillance camera showed that this was not true. Authorities said the accident was caused by the unidentified third driver, not by Williams.


Serena Williams

Serena Jameka Williams (born September 26, 1981) is an American professional tennis player. She is the younger sister of another former world no. 1 professional female tennis player, Venus Williams.

The Williams sisters grew up in Los Angeles. She lives in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, United States with her husband Alexis Ohanian and daughter. She is a Jehovah's witness.

Miki Ando

Ando was born in Nagoya.

Ando won the 2004-2005 Japanese National Championship; and she placed first again in 2011.

She won the World Championships in 2007 and 2011.

She was a member of the Japanese team at the 2006 Winter Olympics at Turin in Italy. She also competed at Vancouver in the 2010 Winter Olympics.



Kelly Ripa

Kelly Maria Ripa (born October 2, 1970) is an American actress, talk show host, and television producer. Ripa, who played Hayley Vaughan on the television soap opera "All My Children" from 1990–2002, is best known as co-host of the popular syndicated morning talk show "Live! with Kelly and Ryan". She is also known for her role as Faith Fairfield on "Hope & Faith". Additionally, Ripa and her husband Mark Consuelos own a New York based production company, Milojo.

In 2012, "The Hollywood Reporter" named her one of the Most Powerful People in Media.

Ripa was born in Stratford, New Jersey. She is the daughter of Esther, a homemaker, and Joseph Ripa, a labor-union president and bus driver. She has a younger sister, Linda, who is a children's book author. She is of Italian and Irish ancestry. Her father has been the Democratic County Clerk for Camden County, New Jersey since June 2009. She is the first in her family to enter the acting profession. She has studied ballet since age three, plays the piano, and, in her words, is "no Barbra Streisand," but can carry a tune.

Ripa graduated from Eastern High School in Voorhees Township, New Jersey, where she became a cheerleader and was later encouraged by her drama teacher to pursue acting. "I owe so much of my career to Jim Beckley," she said. "He thought I was a natural performer and so he gave me the lead in the next show." She starred in local theatre productions and was discovered while performing in the comedy play "The Ugly Duckling" (c. 1941), by A.A. Milne, during her senior year. She attended Camden County College studying psychology, but dropped out and moved to New York City to be an actress.


Faith Ford

Faith Alexis Ford (born September 14, 1964, in Alexandria, Louisiana) is an American television and movie actress. She is best known for her role as Corky Sherwood on "Murphy Brown" and as Hope in the television series, "Hope & Faith".


Hope &amp; Faith

Hope & Faith was an American television series. It was a sitcom that aired for three seasons on ABC from 2003 to 2006. For its first two seasons the series was part of a revived TGIF comedy block.

The series starred Faith Ford as Hope and Kelly Ripa as Faith. Ford plays a homemaker with a husband (played by Ted McGinley) and three children. Ripa plays her sister, a soap opera star whose character is killed off, leading her to move in with her sister's family. The series is based in part on the life of its creator, Joanna Johnson, a former cast member of "The Bold and the Beautiful". The series featured guest stars such as Tony Curtis, Dean Cain, Robert Wagner, Regis Philbin (Ripa's co-host on "Live with Regis and Kelly"), Kathie Lee Gifford, and Mark Consuelos (Ripa's husband).

The series was primarily filmed at New York City's Silvercup East, a sister studio to Silvercup Studios, to accommodate Ripa's schedule with "Live with Regis and Kelly".

All 73 episodes were picked up by the American television network , as the total number of produced episodes was short of what was required for American television syndication.

Live! with Kelly

Live! with Kelly and Mark is a syndicated American television talk show, hosted by Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos.

The show began in 1983 as a local New York City program called "The Morning Show", hosted by Regis Philbin and Cyndy Garvey (then the wife of Major League Baseball player Steve Garvey). A year later, Garvey left the show and was replaced by Ann Abernathy. In 1985, after Abernathy married and moved to Los Angeles, Kathie Lee Gifford became Philbin's co-host. The show went into national syndication in 1988 as Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee. Gifford left the show in 2000; the show continued as "Live! with Regis" while Philbin and the show's producers teamed him with several potential co-hosts.

In 2001, Ripa was named as Philbin's co-host, with the show then being renamed Live! with Regis and Kelly. Philbin and Ripa remained a team until 2011; in January of that year, he announced he was leaving the show, with his last show airing on November 18. The show then became Live! with Kelly, with Ripa appearing with a wide array of guest co-hosts. Former New York Giants star defensive lineman Strahan became the new full-time co-host effective with the 2012–13 season premiere. At that point the show became Live! with Kelly and Michael.

"Live!'s" mixture of A-list guests and the interaction between co-hosts have made it one of daytime's most popular and venerable talk shows.

In 2016, Strahan announced he was leaving the show to join Good Morning America. Ryan Seacrest began hosting in 2017, prompting the show's name change to "Live! with Kelly and Ryan". Seacrest left in April of 2023 and was replaced by Ripa's husband, Mark Consuelos, soon afterward.


Sven-Göran Eriksson

Sven-Göran Eriksson (born 5 February 1948) is a Swedish football manager.

Eriksson managed the national teams of England, Mexico, Philippines, and the Ivory Coast, as well as Manchester City and Leicester City in England. Eriksson has coached in 10 countries: Sweden, Portugal, Italy, England, Mexico, Ivory Coast, Thailand, the United Arab Emirates, China, and the Philippines.

Jade Goody

Jade Goody (5 June 1981 – 22 March 2009) was a British television personality. 

She became famous when she was in the third series of the reality television show Big Brother in 2002. She had been a dental nurse before she went into the Big Brother house. 

Goody starred in fitness DVDs, got somebody to write a book about her, had her own beauty salon and line of perfume. 

Goody was a housemate once again in Celebrity Big Brother 2007. While in the show, there was a lot of controversy because people said that she was racist towards Shilpa Shetty. 

She had two sons by Jeff Brazier. She married Jack Tweed on 22 February 2009 and died from metastatic cervical cancer a month later (on the 22 of March). She was 27 years old.

Sara Rue

Sara Rue (born January 26, 1979 in New York City, New York) is an American actress. She played the roles of "Carmen Ferrara" on the drama "Popular" and "Claudia Casey" on the sitcom "Less Than Perfect". 


Less Than Perfect

Less Than Perfect was an American television series. It was a sitcom that began airing on ABC on October 1, 2002 and ended on June 6, 2006. The series is about a young female office employee (played by Sara Rue) and her co-workers The series was directed by Skip Collector and Ted Wass, among others.

Hilary Hahn

Hilary Hahn (born November 27, 1979) is an American Grammy Award–winning violinist.

She was born into a Lutheran family and moved to Baltimore, Maryland at the age of three and began playing the violin one month before her fourth birthday in the Suzuki Program of Baltimore’s Peabody Conservatory.

Hahn became interested in the violin after taking a walk with her father in their Baltimore neighborhood (Zaustinsky 1999). The two passed a branch of the Peabody Conservatory that advertised music lessons for four-year-olds and observed a music lesson where a young boy was playing "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star". Hahn began taking lessons the following week and participated in a Suzuki class for about a year.

In 1995 Hahn made her international debut in Germany with a performance of the Beethoven Concerto for Violin and Orchestra in D Major with Lorin Maazel and the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra. The concert was broadcast on radio and television throughout Europe. A year later, Hahn debuted at Carnegie Hall in New York as a soloist with the Philadelphia Orchestra.

By the age of sixteen, Hahn had completed the Curtis Institute's university requirements, but elected to remain at the Institute for several more years to pursue additional elective courses, until her graduation in May 1999 with a Bachelor Of Music degree. During this time she regularly coached violin with Jaime Laredo, and studied chamber music with Felix Galimir and Gary Graffman. In an interview with PBS in December 2001, Hahn stated that of all the musical disciplines, she is most interested in musical performance (PBS Interview).

Hahn has played with orchestras such as the London Symphony Orchestra, New York Philharmonic, Singapore Symphony Orchestra, just to name a few. She debuted with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in March 2007.

She began performing and touring in a crossover duo with singer-songwriter Josh Ritter in 2005 and (early 2007) with singer-songwriter Tom Brosseau.

In 2001, Time Magazine named Hahn as “America’s Best” young classical musician. Throughout her career, Hahn has performed with numerous orchestras around the globe. She previously recorded five albums with Sony Classical, but now records exclusively for Deutsche Grammophon.

In 1996 Sony Music signed Hahn to an exclusive recording contract, which made her one of the youngest exclusive artists in the label’s history. Hahn’s first recording, released in 1997, featured selected solo sonatas and partitas by J.S. Bach, and spent weeks as a bestseller on the Billboard classical charts.

In addition to being a solo violinist, Hahn has also performed as a chamber musician. Since the summer of 1992 she has performed nearly every year with the Skaneateles Chamber Music Festival in Skaneateles, New York. Between 1995 and 2000 she spent performing and studying chamber music at the Marlboro Music Festival in Vermont, and in 1996 she served as an artist and a member of the chamber music mentoring program of The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center.

Hahn signed with Deutsche Grammophon in 2003 after her contract with Sony expired in 2002. After Hahn completed her part of the contract with Sony, which was for five recordings over six years, she decided against renewing the contract due to the fact that she and Sony did not agree on her future projects (Lark Ascending).

In an interview with "Strings Magazine" conducted in 1999, Hahn cited several people as being influential on her development as a musician and a student. Two of these influences include David Zinman, the conductor of the Baltimore Symphony and Hahn’s mentor since she was ten, and Lorin Maazel, with whom she worked in Europe with the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra. In the interview, Hahn also stated that she enjoys watching movies, reading, and writing in her free time. Other hobbies that she lists include: meeting new people, exploring cities, ballet, working out, swimming, and bike riding. She also enjoys animals and rowing (The Daily Princetonian).

Hilary Hahn plays an 1864 Vuillaume violin( II Cannone Guarneri copy) that was formerly owned by the Russian violinist Samuel Lande who was a friend of Klara Berkovich, Hahn’s first teacher. Hahn uses Dominant strings and bows by French bow makers Paul Jombar and Emil Miquel (Zaustinsky 1999). But now, she plays on the 1865 Vuillaume violin( Alard Stradivarius copy) which she bought at Tarisio Auctions.

As of 1999, Hahn has stated that she plays Bach more than any other composer and that she has played solo Bach pieces every day since she was eight (Zaustinsky 1999). The following is an excerpt from the liner notes to Hahn’s album "Hilary Hahn Plays Bach":

""Bach is, for me, the touchstone that keeps my playing honest. Keeping the intonation pure in double stops, bringing out the various voices where the phrasing requires it, crossing the strings so that there are not inadvertent accents, presenting the structure in such a way that it's clear to the listener without being pedantic - one can't fake things in Bach, and if one gets all of them to work, the music sings in the most wonderful way.""

In a segment on NPR entitled "“Musicians in Their Own Words”", Hahn speaks about the surreal experience of playing the Bach "Chaconne" (from the Solo Violin Partita No. 2) alone on the concert stage. In the same segment, she also discusses her experiences emulating a lark while playing "The Lark Ascending" by Ralph Vaughan Williams. The complete transcript can be found here:
Musicians in Their Own Words




Larry King

Larry King (November 19, 1933 – January 23, 2021) was an American writer, journalist and broadcaster.

For many years, he hosted a nightly interview program on the Cable News Network (CNN) called "Larry King Live". The program ran from 1985 to 2010. It was simulcast on Westwood One radio network until 2009. Before that, he hosted a radio talk show on Mutual Radio called the "Larry King Show." There he sometimes told funny stories. He interviewed some 40,000 politicians, athletes and entertainers.

King won several awards. He hosted a talk show called "Politicking". That show is on Russia Television, an English language television network run by the Russian state.

His first show of "Larry King Live" was in 1985. He interviewed every President of the United States since Gerald Ford.

King stated he was liberal politically.

King had a heart attack in 1987 and wrote two books about life with a heart disease. He founded the Larry King Cardiac Foundation in 1988 to help people who have no insurance cover the costs of treatment.

King was born Lawrence Leibel Harvey Zeiger in Brooklyn, New York City to immigrant parents. His father was from Austria and his mother was from Belarus. Both parents were Orthodox Jews.

Larry King married eight times. His wives include:

On December 22, 2020, King was hospitalized in Los Angeles with heart attack. King died at the age of 87 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center on January 23, 2021 from sepsis. His ex-wife said the infection was not mistakenly related to heart attack. He also died of respiratory failure.


Norfolk, Virginia

Norfolk is a large city in Virginia, United States. It is the 95th largest city in the United States.

As of the census of 2020, there were 238,005 people, 93,447 households, and 51,978 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,724.9/km² (4,467.5/mi²). There were 101,386 housing units at an average density of 734.8/km² (1,903.1/mi²). The racial makeup of the city was 43.2% White, 40.2% African American, 0.6% Native American, 3.8% Asian, 0.2% Pacific Islander, 4.0% from other races, and 8.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.7% of the population.

It is home to the Norfolk Admirals of the ECHL.


Cream Lemon

Cream Lemon is an anime series. It is a collection of short stories. There are many different types of stories in the anime, for example, soap opera (the Ami series), fantasy (Rall series), horror (Cream Lemon Dark) and parody (Pop Chaser). It deals with a lot of heavy perversions including S&M, men being raped by groups of women, bondage, torture, yuri and incest.

The first "Cream Lemon" OVA was released in August 1984. "New Century Cream Lemon" was released from July 27, 2001 to August 23, 2002. "Cream Lemon New Generation" was released from March 23, 2006 to May 31, 2006.

"Project A-ko" was originally intended to be a part of this series.

Vahan Tekeyan

Vahan Tekeyan (, January 21, 1878, Constantinople - April 4, 1948) was an Armenian poet, journalist, and public activist. He was educated in Armenian schools in Constantinople and moved to Egypt in 1914, escaping the Armenian Genocide.

Pontic Greeks

Pontic Greeks, Pontian Greeks, Pontians or Greeks of Pontus (, ) can refer to Greeks specifically from the area of Pontus in the region of the former Empire of Trebizond on the Black Sea coast of Eastern Turkey, or in other cases more generally all Greeks from the shores of the Black Sea or the Pontus. Greeks from Trabzon traditionally speak Pontic Greek. The terms Pontic and Pontian can be used interchangeably.


Nynorsk

Nynorsk (New Norwegian) is one of the two official written standards of Norwegian; the other is Bokmål. It is based on Norwegian dialects and is especially common around Bergen. Ivar Aasen created it during the 19th century as a Norwegian alternative to Danish upon which it is based. Danish was then often written in Norway.

Austrian Armenian Cultural Society

The Austrian Armenian Cultural Society was founded in 1974 at Vienna, Austria, the Austrian-Armenian Cultural Society is an organization that promotes cultural ties between Armenia and Austria and a lot more. 

Its main goal is to introduce Austrians to the Armenian culture and heritage as well as informing Armenians about the Austrian culture and history. The Austrian-Armenian Cultural Society whose members are Armenians as well as Austrians, e.g. scientists, writers, artists, renowned leaders, and more. The organization is maintaining cultural ties to different organizations in Austria, Armenia and the diaspora. 

Among its many activities, it runs Armenian language lessons, useful programs to Armenia, youth camping events and way more.


Laredo, Texas

Laredo is a mid-sized city in southern Texas, United States established in the year 1755. Laredo has a population of 255,205. Hispanics make up 90% of the total population, and the city is largely Catholic. Laredo is a border city which is part of the bi-national metropolitan area of Laredo, Texas - Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico with a total population over 600,000. The main sources of income for Laredo is international trade, followed by retail sales.

Laredo was founded by Don Tomas Sanchez under the name of Villa de San Agustin de Laredo in 1755 in a colony called Nuevo Santander in New Spain. Today, most of Nuevo Santander is part of Texas. 

German–Armenian Society

The German-Armenian Society was founded in Berlin in 1914. Apart from Johannes Lepsius, its original members included the journalist Paul Rohrbach and the Armenian author Avetik Issahakyan.

The goals of DAG are the promotion and understanding between Germans and Armenians and to safeguard the likings of Armenians living in Germany. Furthermore, the DAG defends the rights and interests of Armenian minorities, including in Turkey and other Middle Eastern countries.


Asbarez

"Asbarez" Newspaper began its publication in August 1908 in Fresno as a weekly. After several successful decades the offices and publishing headquarters moved to Los Angeles in the early 1970s. Today it is still active.

"Asbarez" is the official publisher of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation Western United States Central Committee, and mainly serves the more than 500,000 strong Armenian-American community in the Western states.

On May 1, 1970 when "Asbarez" began publishing its English section. Today, that section, which became a daily publication in January 1993, is the voice of the community and a source of information within the halls of Congress, in libraries around the country and newsrooms of major media outlets.

Nuevo Laredo

Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas is a mid-sized city in northern Tamaulipas, Mexico established in the year 1847. Nuevo Laredo has a population of 355,827. Nuevo Laredo is a border city which is part of the bi-national metropolitan area of Laredo, Texas, United States - Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico with a total population of 575,585. The main sources of income for Nuevo Laredo is international trade, followed by retail sales.

Laredo, Texas was founded by Don Tomas Sanchez under the name of Villa de San Agustin de Laredo in 1755 in a colony called Nuevo Santander in New Spain. Today, most of Nuevo Santander is part of Texas. Laredo was named after a village in Spain also called Laredo in Cantabria. In 1847, when Texas became part of the United States, 17 families decided to remain Mexican and crossed the Rio Grande into Mexico and established Ciudad Nuevo Laredo.

United States military chocolate

Military chocolate has been a part of U.S. armed forces rations since 1937, and is issued to troops as part of basic field rations and sundry packs. Chocolate rations served two purposes: as a morale boost, and as a high-energy, pocket-sized emergency ration. 


Marion Bartoli

Marion Bartoli (born 2 October 1984) is a French retired female professional tennis player.

Her highest ranking was 7th in the world in singles and 15th in doubles. She won seven Women's Tennis Association tournaments in singles and three in doubles. She was known for playing two-handed shots on both forehand and backhand, which is unusual.

In 2007, she played in the Wimbledon final against Venus Williams, after winning against the World Number 1 Justine Henin in the semi-finals. It was considered one of the biggest shocks in Wimbledon history. Bartoli lost against Williams in the final, finishing as runner-up. Bartoli won the Wimbledon singles in 2013.

Bartoli retired in August 2013 due to pain from injuries. She lives in Geneva in Switzerland.

Bartoli in the Wimbledon final

Bandana

A bandana is a triangular or square piece of cloth tied around the head, face or neck. It can be used for protection or decoration. It was made by Middle eastern and south Asians in the city Kashmir. They were wearing it as a symbol of love between the Middle East and South Asia.

Roger Federer

Roger Federer (born 8 August 1981, Basel) is a former professional Swiss tennis player. 

Federer spent 310 weeks at the top spot in the world ranking, the second-most behind Novak Djokovic. He holds the record for most weeks at the top spot in a row, with 237 weeks. Many experts believe that Federer is among the greatest tennis players of all time. He won 20 Grand Slam singles titles: six at the Australian Open (2004, 2006, 2007, 2010, 2017 and 2018), one at the French Open (2009), eight at Wimbledon (2003 to 2007, 2009, 2012 and 2017) and five at the U.S. Open (2004 to 2008). In 2007, he equalled the record for the most titles in a row (five) at Wimbledon set by Björn Borg. He won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

He was named the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year for a record four years in a row (2005–2008), and again in 2018.

Federer's first language is Swiss-German and he speaks English, German and French very well. He also speaks some Swedish and Italian. His wife is former tennis player Mirka Vavrinec. After Wimbledon 2009, he became a father of twin girls who were named Charlene Riva and Myla Rose.
In May 2014 he became a father again, to twin boys named Leo and Lenny.

This table shows Federer's performance in each Grand Slam tournament in singles competition.

Martina Hingis

Martina Hingis (born 30 September 1980 in Košice, Slovakia, then Czechoslovakia) is a Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as World No. 1. She is known as the "Swiss Miss". She has won five Grand Slam singles titles, three at the Australian Open (1997 to 1999), one at Wimbledon (1997) and one at the U.S. Open (1997). She is a dominant player in doubles, winning 10 Grand Slam doubles titles and 3 mixed doubles titles.

Hingis has retired twice from the game. The first time was in 2002, when she was struggling with injuries and was only 22. She returned to tennis in 2005, but retired two years later after sustaining more injuries. A blood test had also proved that she was using cocaine, an illegal drug. In 2013, she returned to playing doubles and became a tennis coach. She won the 2015 Wimbledon doubles title together with Sania Mirza, 19 years after winning her first Wimbledon doubles title in 1996.

She was a contestant in the 2009 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".


Noisettes

The Noisettes are a band from England. They mostly play rock and alternative rock. With Shingai Shoniwa singing and playing bass guitar guitar, Dan Smith playing guitar, and Jamie Morrison who drums.

They released their first EP "Three Moods of the Noisettes" in April 2005 on the independent record label Side Salad Records which led to signing internationally with Universal Music Group, who released the EP in the US on the Low Altitude imprint.

Noisettes have performed in Europe and the United States with bands such as TV on the Radio, Tom Vek, Babyshambles, Bloc Party and the Mystery Jets, and Muse. In 2007 the band released their first album "What's the Time Mr. Wolf?".





Rafael Nadal

Rafael Nadal Parera (born 3 June 1986 in Manacor, Majorca, Spain) is a Spanish professional tennis player who has won 22 Grand Slam singles titles; fourteen at the French Open, four at the US Open, two at Wimbledon and two at the Australian Open. He has been ranked number one in the world for 209 weeks. He plays very well on clay courts, and many people regard Nadal as the greatest clay-court tennis player in history. He plays tennis with his left hand.

Nadal has won 36 ATP Masters Series titles and the 2008 Olympic gold medal in singles. He is a part of the Spain Davis Cup team and has won the cup four times, in 2004, 2008, 2009, and 2011.

Nadal is often known simply as Rafa. He has rivalries against Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray. Nadal is agnostic.

This table shows Nadal's performance in each Grand Slam tournament in singles.

Justine Henin

Justine Henin (born June 1, 1982 in Liège) is a Belgian former professional tennis player and a World Number 1. She won seven Grand Slam singles titles, including four (and three in a row) at the French Open. She is two-time runner up at Wimbledon but never won the title. Her mental toughness and her one-handed backhand are recognized by great tennis players. One of the greatest tennis player of all time, Billie Jean King has said that Justine is the best player of her generation. She was known as "Justine Henin-Hardenne" for a while, until she separated from her husband in 2007 and went back to her maiden name of Justine Henin. She retired in 2008 but announced her comeback on 22 September after seeing the success of her compatriot Kim Clijsters.


Carla Garapedian

Carla Garapedian (born 27 February 1961) is an American movie director. She was the anchor of BBC World News. 

Movies directed by Garapedian include:

Massacres in Erzurum

The Massacres of Erzerum. Turkish soldiers took an active part in the massacres in Erzeroum. The soldiers began a massacre of the Armenians and the Turkish populace joined in the attack. The shops and houses of the Armenians were pillaged.

Following the massacres of Erzeroum of October 30, 1895, a British consul put the hand on two letters sent to his brother and to his parents by a Turkish soldier:

"My brother, if you want news from here, we killed 1 200 Armenians, all tiny rooms in pâtée for dog [... ] Mother, I am healthy and except. Father, twenty days ago, we carried out the war against the Armenian incrédules. By the grace of God, no misfortune arrived to us. The rumour says that our battalion will be dispatched in your part of the world - if it is the case, we will kill all the Armenians there. Other share, 511 Armenians were wounded, and it perishes about it one or two each day. If you want news of the soldiers and bachi bouzouks, not only one did not bleed of the nose [... ] That God blesses you." 




Lake Kari

Lake Kari () is a lake in Armenia, in the slopes of Mount Aragats. It is mostly formed by ice and snow.

Mount Aragats

Mount Aragats () is the highest point in Armenia. It is in the province of Aragatsotn, northwest from Yerevan. It is a standalone extinct stratovolcano with four main peaks forming the rim of the crater. It is a popular destination for local alpinists.



Crystle Stewart

Crystle Danae Stewart (born September 20, 1981) is a beauty queen from Houston, Texas. She won the Miss USA beauty contest in 2008.

Stewart graduated from the University of Houston in 2007. She won the Miss Texas USA 2008 title in a state pageant held in Laredo, Texas on July 1, 2007. She competed against 121 other contestants. She is the second African American to win the crown at Miss Texas USA. Chelsi Smith was crowned Miss Texas USA 1995. Smith later became Miss USA and Miss Universe.

Stewart became the ninth Texan to win the Miss USA title.

Stewart hosted the Miss Teen USA 2009 competition on July 31, 2009 with Seth Goldman. Goldman and Stewart again hosted the Miss Teen USA pageant on July 24, 2010. Stewart hosted the 2011 Miss Texas USA contest with Jason Feinberg.


Victoria Cross for Australia

The Victoria Cross for Australia (VC) is the highest military decoration given for bravery "in the face of the enemy" to members of the Australia Armed Forces. The medal was called the "Victoria Cross", but the name was changed in 1991. The "Victoria Cross" was started in 1856 for bravery in the Crimean War. The first medals were made from captured Russian cannons. The Victoria Cross for Australia looks exactly the same as the Victoria Cross.

The first winner of the "Victoria Cross for Australia" is SAS Trooper Mark Donaldson. Donaldson won the medal for bravery in Afghanistan in September 2008. The medal was given to him in a ceremony on January 16, 2009. He was the first winner of a VC for 40 years.



White Pines Forest State Park

White Pines Forest State Park, also known as White Pines State Park, is an Illinois state park in Ogle County, Illinois.

George Stainforth

Wing Commander George Hedley Stainforth AFC RAF (1899 - 27 September 1942) was a British Royal Air Force pilot. He was the first man in the world to exceed 400 miles per hour in an aircraft.

Ion Heliade Rădulescu

Ion Heliade Rădulescu or Ion Heliade (also known as Eliad or Eliade Rădulescu January 6, 1802 – April 27, 1872) was a Wallachian-born Romanian academic, Romantic and Classicist poet, essayist, short story writer, newspaper editor and politician.



Chosroid dynasty

The Chosroids (Khosro[v]iani, Georgian: ხოსრო[ვ]იანი) were a dynasty of the kings and later of the ruling princes of the early Georgian state of Iberia, natively known as Kartli, from the fourth to the ninth centuries. Presumably of Iranian origin and a branch of the Mihranid House, the family accepted Christianity as their official religion around the year 337, and maneuvered between the Byzantine Empire and Sassanid, Iran to retain a degree of independence. 


Guaramid dynasty

The Guaramid Dynasty was the younger branch of the Chosroid royal house of Iberia (Kartli, eastern Georgia).

George II of Imereti

George II (; died in 1585), of the Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king of Imereti from 1565 to 1585.

Bagrat III of Imereti

Bagrat III () (September 23, 1495 – 1565), of the Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king of Imereti from April 1, 1510 to 1565.

1982 Glasgow Hillhead by-election

The Glasgow Hillhead by-election was held on 25 March 1982. The by-election was caused by the death of the Conservative Party Member of Parliament for Glasgow Hillhead Tam Galbraith on 2 January 1982.

Hillhead had been held by the Conservatives at every election since it was created in 1918. Roy Jenkins was chosen as the candidate for the Social Democratic Party. He was one of the "Gang of Four" well known people who started the party in 1981. 

Within days of Galbraith's death, "The Glasgow Herald" predicted that the by-election contest to succeed him would be 'one of the most fiercely contested in Scotland this century'.

Jenkins won with just over one third of the votes cast. Malone, the Conservative took second place, just ahead of Wiseman, the Labour candidate.

After that the SDP had 29 members of parliament, and the party had won three of the four by-elections since it was started one year earlier. Jenkins received "a hero's reception" when he joined David Steel at the Scottish Liberal Party's conference at St Andrews the day after his victory. They argued that the Alliance now needed to take the votes of the SNP, with Steel calling on SNP supporters disillusioned with that party to back the Alliance to win Scottish home rule.

Jenkins won the seat again in the 1983 general election, but lost it at the 1987 general election to Labour's George Galloway. 

Solaris

Solaris is an operating system created by Sun Microsystems in 1992. It was created to run on their workstations (but it can be used on most modern PCs) and is still developed today. It used to be called SunOS until it was renamed to Solaris in 1992. As of 2010, it is one of the main commercial UNIX variants (The others are HP-UX, AIX, and z/OS). Solaris is ultimately based on UNIX System V. With version 10, released in 2009, most parts of it were made Open Source, and released as OpenSolaris. Solaris 10 runs on SPARC processors, as well as the 32-bit and 64-bit Intel and AMD processors. Oracle Corporation acquired Sun Microsystems in January 2010. Oracle continued developing Solaris, but it stopped developing OpenSolaris. OpenSolaris was later forked into the illumos kernel and the OpenIndiana distribution.

It is mostly used in advanced servers like the ones that run the Internet, on some workstations, and for programming in languages like Java, having advanced features for programmers.

Puja Gupta

Puja Gupta (born 30 January 1984 in Kozhikode, Kerala, India) was the winner of Miss India Universe in 2007. She represented India in Miss Universe 2007 and placed in the top ten. Puja Gupta wants to be a writer and her hobbies are yoga, writing, horse riding and drawing.

Charles A. Johns

Charles A. Johns (June 25, 1857 – January 11, 1932) was an American lawyer, jurist and politician. He served as the 47th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court.

Saved!

Saved! is a 2004 American teen comedy movie. It is a religious satire. It is set in Maryland. The movie stars Jena Malone, Macaulay Culkin, and Mandy Moore.

Gibraltar Chronicle

The Gibraltar Chronicle is a newspaper published daily in Gibraltar since 1801. It is not only the oldest newspaper in Gibraltar, but also the second oldest English newspaper in the world.


Alan Johnston

Alan Graham Johnston (born May 17, 1962) is a British journalist working for the BBC. On March 12, 2007, he was taken by a group of armed men in Gaza. He was kept as a hostage until he was let free on July 4.

BBC Television Centre

BBC Television Centre (sometimes abbreviated TVC or TC) in White City, London is home to much of the BBC's television output. Since 1998, almost all of the corporation's national TV and radio news by BBC News is made there too.

Liberty Bell

The Liberty Bell is an important and famous symbol of American independence (freedom). It used to be in the Pennsylvania State House (now known as Independence Hall). The bell was ordered from the London firm of Lester and Pack (which is known as the Whitechapel Bell Foundry today) in 1752. It had the letters "Proclaim LIBERTY throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Those words are a part of Leviticus 25:10. The bell first cracked when it was first rung when it came to Philadelphia, and was made again twice by John Pass and John Stow, two workmen. When it was first made, the Liberty Bell was used to make lawmakers come to legislative meetings. It was also used to call people to public meetings. 

Bells were rung when the Declaration of Independence was read on July 8, 1776. While there is no record that the Liberty Bell also was rung, most historians believe it was rung with the other bells. In the 1830s, the bell was used as a symbol by abolitionist societies, who called it the "Liberty Bell". The bell got its large, well-known crack in the early 19th century. One story claims it was cracked while ringing after the death of Chief Justice John Marshall in 1835.

The bell became widely famous after a short story in 1847 claimed that an old bell-ringer rang it on July 4, 1776, after hearing the Second Continental Congress's vote for independence. Actually, the bell could not have been rung on that Fourth of July, because no announcement of the Declaration was made that day. However, many people believed this story. Even some historians accepted it as a fact. From 1885, the City of Philadelphia, which owned the bell, allowed it to go to many different patriotic meetings. Many people came to see the bell, and it grew even more cracked. Pieces were broken off by souvenir hunters. The last such journey was in 1915. After that, the city refused any more requests of that kind.

Ever since the city began in 1682, Philadelphia had been using its city bell to make its people know about meetings or civil danger. The first bell hung from a tree behind the Pennsylvania State House, now known as Independence Hall. In 1751, a bell tower was built in the Pennsylvania State House, and the leaders there began looking for a bell which could be heard from far away (the city was growing larger quickly). Isaac Norris, speaker of the Pennsylvania Provincial Assembly, ordered the colony's London agent, Robert Charles, to get a "good Bell of about two thousands pound weight".

We hope and rely (trust) on thy (your) care and assistance (help) in this affair and that thou (you) wilt (will) procure (get) and forward it by the first good opp as our workmen inform us it will be much less trouble to hang the Bell before their Scaffolds are struck from the Building where we intend (wish) to place it which will not be done 'till the end of next Summer or beginning of the Fall. Let the bell be cast by the best workmen & examined carefully before it is Shipped with the following words well shaped around it vizt.<br>

By Order of the Assembly of the Povince  of Pensylvania  for the State house in the City of Philada 1752<br>
the home of the Liberty Bell was philadelphia 

Proclaim Liberty thro' all the Land to all the Inhabitants thereof.-Levit. XXV. 10.

So Charles paid Lester and Pack (today the Whitechapel Bell Foundry) £150 13s 8d, (the same amount of money as about $36,400 today) for the bell, including the cost of taking it to Philadelphia and its insurance. It arrived in Philadelphia in August 1752.

A big reason why the bell became famous was because of a writer named George Lippard. On January 2, 1847, his story "Fourth of July, 1776" appeared in "Saturday Review" magazine. The short story was about an old man on July 4, 1776. It described how he was sitting sadly by the bell, afraid that Congress would not be able to declare independence. Suddenly, a young boy comes to tell the old man to ring the bell. The story was widely reprinted. This made people think of the Liberty Bell and the Declaration of Independence as closely related.



Frank Lloyd Wright

Frank Lloyd Wright (born Frank Lincoln Wright; June 8, 1867 – April 9, 1959) was a famous American architect from the early 20th century. He designed all kinds of buildings including banks, holiday resorts, office buildings, churches, a synagogue, a gas station, a beer garden and an art museum.

Wright designed more than 1,000 structures and completed 532 works. Wright believed in designing structures which were in peace with humanity and its environment. He called his belief organic architecture. He used this technique for his design for Fallingwater (1935), which has been called "the best all-time work of American architecture". Wright was a leader of the Prairie School movement of architecture and developed the image of the Usonian home, his one-of-a-kind vision for urban planning in the United States.

He began an American style of building design and is said to be one of the greatest architects of the twentieth century.

Wright was born in Richland Center, Wisconsin on June 8, 1867 to a farming family.

His work includes original and creative examples of many building types. Wright also designed many of the interior elements of his buildings, such as the furniture and stained glass. Wright authored 20 books and many articles and was a popular lecturer in the United States and in Europe.

His colorful personal life often made headlines, most notably for the 1914 fire and murders at his Taliesin studio. Already well known during his lifetime, Wright was recognized in 1991 by the American Institute of Architects as "the greatest American architect of all time."

Wright died on April 9, 1959 in Phoenix, Arizona from surgical complications. He was 91 years old.

Frank Lloyd Wright was born in the farming town of Richland Center, Wisconsin, United States, on June 8, 1867. He was born Frank Lincoln Wright. His father, William Carey Wright (1825–1904), was a locally admired speaker, music teacher, sometimes a lawyer, and minister. William Wright had met and married Anna Lloyd Jones (1838/39 – 1923), a county school teacher of Welsh descent, the previous year when he was employed as the superintendent of schools for Richland County.

The Wright family moved from Richland Center to Weymouth, Massachusetts. Afterwards, The Wright Family struggled financially in Weymouth and returned to Spring Green, Wisconsin. They settled in Madison. Although William was a distant parent, he shared his love of music, especially the works of Johann Sebastian Bach, with his children.

Wright attended a Madison High School, but there is no evidence he ever graduated. He was admitted to the University of Wisconsin–Madison as a special student in 1886. There he joined Phi Delta Theta fraternity, took classes part-time for two semesters, and worked with a professor of civil engineering, Allan D. Conover. He moved to Chicago, Illinois in 1887.

Wright did not get along well with other draftsmen. He wrote that several violent events happened between them during the first years of his apprenticeship. Afterwards many other draftsmen showed very little respect for his employees as well. In spite of this, "Sullivan took [Wright] under his wing and gave him great design responsibility." As an act of respect, Wright would later refer to Sullivan as "Lieber Meister" (German for "Dear Master"). Wright also formed a bond with office foreman Paul Mueller. Wright would later engage Mueller to build several of his public and commercial buildings between 1903 and 1923.

As Wright began to work on residential projects for Adler & Sullivan. Wright designed his houses on his own time. Sullivan knew nothing of Wright's works until 1893, when he recognized that one of the houses was a Frank Lloyd Wright design. This particular house, built for Allison Harlan, was only blocks away from Sullivan's townhouse in the Chicago community of Kenwood.

Many examples of his work are in Buffalo, New York as a result of friendship between Wright and Darwin D. Martin. In 1902, the Larkin Company decided to build a new building. Wright came to Buffalo and designed not only the Larkin Administration Building (completed in 1904, demolished in 1950), but also homes for three of the company's executives including the Darwin D. Martin House in 1904. Wright later built their summer home. He also designed the Graycliff Estate, also designed for Darwin D. Martin and his wife, Isabelle.

On August 15, 1914, while Wright was working in Chicago, Julian Carlton, a male servant from Barbados who had been hired several months earlier, set fire to the living room of Taliesin and murdered seven people with an axe as the fire burned. The dead included Mamah; her two children, John and Martha; a gardener; a draftsman named Emil Brodelle; a worker; and another workman's son. Two people survived the mayhem. One of them helped to put out the fire that almost completely burned the residential wing of the house.

Right after the attack, Carlton tried to kill himself by drinking muriatic acid . He was nearly lynched on the spot, but was taken to the Dodgeville jail. Carlton died from starvation seven weeks after the attack, despite medical attention.

Frank Lloyd Wright designed a summer-house in 1935 for the Kaufmann family over a waterfall in Pennsylvania. He called the house "Fallingwater". Some people say it is the most famous private home in the world.

The house actually sits low in the valley over the stream, but looks dramatic from further downstream. It has large terraces, and some of them stick straight out and hang over the waterfall or the stream. There are windows and glass doors, with only narrow steel supports between them, wrapping all the way around the living room.

There are also windows going all the way from the floor to the ceiling in all three stories of the tower.

Most of the house is made from stone. There are strong horizontal and vertical lines in the design of the house. It resembles the horizontal and vertical lines in the rock formations and other natural features. The waterfall can be heard everywhere in the house. Wright wanted there to be a close connection between inside and outside, and for the house itself to be natural.

In 1991, members of the American Institute of Architects named the Fallingwater house the "best all-time work of American architecture".

One famous house was called the Robie House. It had a maze like layout and geometric stained glass windows. The Robie House was a unique house with odd shapes, colors and form. He finished making it in 1910, as a house for children. In fact, many children lived and played in that house with their families up until 1926 when it was closed for living in, and closed to the public. Many times, it was planned to be destroyed. However, twice, Wright saved his house from destruction because of the reasons he built it and all the memories of it that he loved so much. It is now being restored at a cost of $10 million.

Another famous building by Wright was called the Johnson Wax Headquarters. The building has Wright's idea of the streamlined Art Moderne style popular in the 1930s. In a break with Wright's earlier Prairie School structures, the building features many circular forms and needed over 200 different curved "Cherokee red" bricks to create the sweeping curves of the inside and outside.

The mortar between the bricks was created in traditional Wright-style to give the horizontality of the building. The warm, reddish hue of the bricks was used in the polished concrete floor as well. The white stone trim and white columns create a slight yet striking difference. All of the furniture, created by Steelcase, was designed for the building by Wright and it mirrored many of the building's unique design features.

The entrance is in the structure, entering the building on one side with a covered carport on the other. The carport is supported by short versions of the steel-reinforced (tree-like) concrete columns that appear in the Great Workroom.

Wright proposed to build a skyscraper called The Illinois that would be the height of a distance of a mile. It was intended to be constructed in Chicago, Illinois. It could have included 528 stories, with a gross area of 18,460,000 square feet (1,715,000 m2). Wright stated that there would be parking for 15,000 cars and 150 helicopters.

The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City. Wright worked on this project for 16 years (1943–1959) and is probably his most recognized masterpiece. The building is on Fifth Avenue. Its interior is similar to the inside of a seashell.

Its one of a kind central geometry was created to allow visitors to easily see Guggenheim's collection of his paintings by taking an elevator to the top-level and then viewing artworks by walking down the slowly descending, central spiral ramp, the floor of which is lodged with circular shapes and triangular light bulbs to complement the geometric nature of the building.

However, when the museum was completed, some of Wright's design were ignored, such as his desire for the interior to be painted off-white. Further, the Museum currently designs exhibits to be viewed by walking up the curved walkway without walking down from the top-level.

Wright strongly believed in working alone. He did not support the American Institute of Architects during his career, going so far as to call the organization "a harbor of refuge for the incompetent," and "a form of refined gangsterism." When an the Institute called him "an old amateur" Wright later responded, "I am the oldest." In 1940, Wright started the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation. It was set up for educational purposes. It looks after two Wright buildings, Taliesin East in Wisconsin, and Taliesin West in Arizona. It has a library with more than 22,000 of Wright's drawings, and 300,000 documents. It is home to the Frank Lloyd Wright School of Architecture.

Frank Lloyd Wright was married three times and fathered seven children, four sons and three daughters. He also adopted Svetlana Milanoff, the daughter of his third wife, Olgivanna Lloyd Wright. Wright once had an apprentice who was married to Joseph Stalin's daughter.

His wives were:

The Oscar-winning actress Anne Baxter was Wright's granddaughter.

Wright was a fan of Japanese Art and collected them throughout his career. Wright continued to collect them until his death in 1959. He used prints to help him pay for loans. He often relyed upon his art business to help financially.

Wright died on April 9, 1959, while undergoing surgery in Phoenix, Arizona, to remove an intestinal obstruction. His third wife, Olgivanna, ran the Fellowship after Wright's death, until her own death in Scottsdale, Arizona, in 1985.

Later that year, it was learned that her dying wish had been that Wright, she, and her daughter by a first marriage all be cremated and relocated to Scottsdale. By then, Wright's body had lain for over 25 years in the Lloyd-Jones cemetery, next to the Unity Chapel, near Taliesin, Wright's later-life home in Spring Green, Wisconsin. Wright's remains were removed from his grave by members of the Taliesin Fellowship. Then, his remains were cremated and sent to Scottsdale where they were later interred in the memorial garden.

In 1966, the United States Postal Service honored Wright with a "Prominent Americans series" 2¢ postage stamp. Several of Wright's buildings have been proposed by the United States to be UNESCO World Heritage sites.

Shortly after his death, Simon & Garfunkel recorded "So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright" as a tribute to Wright.

In 2000, Fallingwater was named "The Building of the 20th century" in "Top-Ten" poll taken by members attending the AIA annual convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. On that list, Wright was listed along with many of the USA's other greatest architects including Eero Saarinen, I. M. Pei, Louis Kahn, Philip Johnson and Ludwig Mies van der Rohe. He was the only architect who had more than one building on the list. The other three buildings were the Guggenheim Museum, the Frederick C. Robie House and the Johnson Wax Headquarters.



Law enforcement in Cuba

Law enforcement in Cuba is the responsibility of the National Revolutionary Police Force (Spanish: Policía Nacional Revolucionaria, PNR) under the administration of the Cuban Ministry of the Interior.

Battle of Damascus (1941)

The Battle of Damascus (18 June - 21 June 1941) was the final action of the Allied advance on Damascus in Syria during the Syria-Lebanon campaign in World War II.

Laurence Mancuso

Laurence Mancuso (born June 30, 1934 - died June 10, 2007) was the founding abbot of the New Skete Eastern Orthodox monastic community in upstate New York.

Joseph Jukes

Joseph Beete Jukes (1811-1869) was a famous English geologist. He wrote of several geological manuals, and served as a naturalist on the trips of the ship "H.M.S Fly". He was born to John and Sophia Jukes in Birmingham, England

Second Severn Crossing

The Second Severn Crossing () is a bridge over the River Severn between South Gloucestershire in England and Monmouthshire in Wales. 

The bridge carrie 6 lanes of M4 motorway and is one of the main routes into South Wales. It was opened on 5 June 1996 to allow more traffic than the original Severn Bridge, which opened in 1966. Both bridges are still in use although the newer crossing is more direct and less likely to be closed in strong winds. 

Spitz (band)

Spitz is a Japanese rock band that set up in 1987. Masamune Kusano is a vocalist and plays the guitar, too. Tetsuya Miwa plays the guitar. Akihiro Tamura plays the bass. Tatsuo Sakiyama plays the drums. Their songs, especially "Robinson", "Cherry" and "Soramotoberuhazu,"are very popular.


Yakima, Washington

Yakima is a city in the state of Washington.


Sprite

Sprite is a lemon-lime soda, similar to 7 Up and Starry. It is made by the Coca-Cola Company. It has no caffeine. In 2022, its logo was changed.

There are many variants of Sprite. According to the Coca-Cola website, currently sold Sprite variants include:
There are also flavors exclusive to Coca-Cola Freestyle machines not listed here.

University of Washington

The University of Washington (UW) is the main state university of the U.S. state of Washington. There are over 40,000 students. It is in Seattle, Washington. The University of Washington's sports teams (the Huskies) are part of the Pacific-12 Conference of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.

Every year UW has a rivalry game with Washington State University. This game is called the Apple Cup in which the two football teams play each other. As of the year 2010 the University of Washington has won 66 Apple Cups and Washington State University only has 31. The longest consecutive wins of the Apple Cup belongs to U.W. with 8 consecutive wins, with Washington State at 2 consecutive wins.

The Hershey Company

The Hershey Company (), until April 2005 Hershey Foods Corporation, commonly called Hershey's, is America's largest chocolate company. Its main office is in Hershey, Pennsylvania, a town that smells strongly of cocoa on some days, and home to Hershey's Chocolate World. The company was founded by Milton S. Hershey in 1894 as the Hershey Chocolate Company. Hershey's candies and other products are sold around the world.

Totally Spies!

Totally Spies! is a French/Canadian animated series produced by Marathon Media and Image Entertainment Corporation. The show was first broadcast on November 3, 2001 on ABC Family in USA. It was also broadcast on TF1 in France and Teletoon in Canada.
Totally Spies! The Movie was released on July 22, 2009 in France. The show had been running since 2001. A sixth season was confirmed by Marathon Media to premiere on September 4, 2013. 156 episodes divided in 6 seasons

The series centers around the adventures of three teenage girls - Sam, Alex and Clover - who live a double life as spies working for the World Organization of Human Protection (WOOHP). The girls are recruited by the organization's leader, Jerry Lewis, to solve crises that arise around the world. Many of their missions involve dealing with disgruntled villains who have been wronged in some form during their past. Several have exacted revenge on the spies by invading their personal lives. The b-stories focus on the girls' daytime lives as high school students, dealing with relationships, school and school rivals.

The show premiered a season 1 with 26 episode a second season with 26 episodes a Third season was Co-produced by Image and Teletoon. The show had a third season with 26 episodes, a Fourth season with 26 episodes and a Fifth season with 26 episodes it was going to be canceled but a Sixth season of Totally Spies! was confirmed in 2011 by Marathon Media with 26 episodes to be in production or making in 2012 with TF1 and The Walt Disney company France each episode was 26 minutes long Zodiak Kids licensing to TF1 France, Teletoon Canada, Super DEA Kids Italy, Nickelodeon Central and Eastern Europe, Nickelodeon Germany, Nickelodeon Netherlands and Cartoon Network Latin America

"Main Article" : Totally Spies! The Movie

Totally Spies! The Movie 2009 film by Marathon Media hit 110 theaters in France and Netherlands. The Film was awarded 2011 kidscreen 
Totally Spies premiered on November 3, 2001 on ABC Family. It later premiered in Europe on channels such as Germany's ProSieben, France's TF1 and the United Kingdom's Channel 4 during the spring of 2002. The show later moved to Cartoon Network, where it attracted 1.6 million viewers (aged 4 – 10) daily and continued airing until 2009. The show has also attracted over one million viewers in France since its debut. It was later re-licensed and its sixith season, along with Totally Spies! The Movie and the show's spin off The Amazing Spiez!. The show aired its sixth season in France and is being broadcast around Europe. The Amazing Spiez! was broadcast in France on TF1, Canada on Teletoon, Japan on NHK, USA on Cartoon Network, Southeast Asia on Disney Channel Asia. The sixth season of Totally Spies! was re-licensed with new and old broadcasters! The sixith season made its debut on its Original network of TF1 in France on September 4, 2013 and Teletoon in Canada on September 7, 2014.

Good Times Entertainment released seasons 1-3 was made formated on DVD on Amazon.

Screamers (2006 movie)

Screamers is a 2006 documentary by director Carla Garapedian. 


Ross Bagdasarian

Ross Bagdasarian (January 27, 1919 – January 16, 1972) was an American pianist, songwriter, actor, and record producer of Armenian descent. He was born in Fresno, California. During his professional life he was better known by the stage name David Seville, which he used on his recordings featuring Alvin and the Chipmunks.

Shawn Michaels

Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (born July 22, 1965), better known by the ring name Shawn Michaels, is an American television presenter, actor, and retired professional wrestler, he has been given the nickname of "The Heartbreak Kid" (sometimes referred to as HBK). He used to performs on the Raw brand of World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). Michaels retired from wrestling after a loss to The Undertaker. He is a 2011 inductee in to the WWE Hall of Fame.

Michaels is one of the two wrestlers that performed on the very first episode of "WWF Monday Night RAW" that is still part of the company, the other being The Undertaker.


Denali

Denali, also formerly known as Mount McKinley, is the highest mountain peak in both the United States and North America. It is exactly 20,310 feet (6,190.5 m) high. It is in the highest part of the Alaska Range. Denali means "the high one" in the Athabaskan language.

Denali is in the middle of the Alaska Range. It is about 130 miles (209 km) north-northwest of Anchorage and 155 miles (249 km) southwest of Fairbanks. The summit is about 35 miles (56 km) from the nearest major road, the George Parks Highway.

Dune

In physical geography, a dune is a hill or ridge of sand, usually deposited by eolian processes (wind) or sometimes by the flow of water. Dune fields cover large parts of some deserts, and some beaches have dunes. Mars has many dunes. Sand dunes have different forms and sizes based on their interaction with the wind. Sometimes they migrate downwind. 

Detective

A detective is a person who figures out who committed a crime. Most detectives are police officers. Some are hired by a private person or company, for example to stop theft. Those are called private investigators. There are many stories about detectives. Some famous fictional (not real) detectives are Sherlock Holmes, Inspector Clouseau, Nancy Drew, The Hardy Boys.

Detectives will search public and private databases, investigate people and examine evidence in order to solve the case.


Kieran Richardson

Kieran Richardson (born 21 October 1984) is an English football player. He plays for Sunderland, a team in the Premier League in England.

102||12
102||12

!Total||8||2

Juan Pablo Montoya

Juan Pablo Montoya (born September 20, 1975 in Bogotá, Colombia) is an IndyCar Series racecar driver. He used to race in NASCAR and Formula 1. His wife is Connie and he has a son and a daughter. He was a CART champion winning the Indianapolis 500., his first win in "NASCAR" came in 2007 and the second in 2010 for Chip Ganassi's racing team. Before 2007, he was in Formula One from 2000 to 2006 winning at 7 Grand Prix's one of them in Monte Carlo, Monaco. While in NASCAR, he drove for Earnhardt Ganassi Racing (his old CART Team), and his teammate was Jamie McMurray. He left Ganassi and NASCAR in 2014 to race IndyCars for Penske Racing. In 2014, he won his first race since leaving NASCAR when he won a race at Pocono Raceway.

Riyo Mori

Riyo Mori (born 24 December 1986 in Aoi-ku, Shizuoka, Japan) is a pageant titleholder best known for crowning Dayana Mendoza as Miss Universe 2008.

She also won the Miss Universe 2007 title in May 2007. She was the second woman from Japan to hold the title. (The first Miss Universe winner from Japan was Akiko Kojima in 1959.) Mori is the eleventh Asian woman to win the pageant.

In 2008, Mori received the grand honour of crowning Dayana Mendoza of Venezuela as Miss Universe 2008. 

Aeolian processes

Eolian (or aeolian or æolian) is an event that occurs in nature. It is related to the winds and its ability to modify the surface of the Earth and other planets.

Winds cause erosion, and move sand and other materials. Wind is powerful in dry regions with sparse vegetation, such as deserts. Although water is, generally speaking, a much more powerful eroding force than wind, aeolian processes are primary in deserts.

Sand dust from the Sahara gets all over Europe, and even as far as the Amazon basin. Winds and global air movements are what causes this widespread travel of materials from the ground.


American Girl

The American Girl series is a series of books and accompanying dolls about fictional girls who live in different time periods in America's history. The American Girl series was first created by The Pleasant Company in 1986, founded by Pleasant T. Rowland. Today, the dolls and books are made by Mattel, a large toy company. Each doll has her own line of accessories that includes a series of books about her life, furniture, clothing, pets, and things that she would use or play with. For some dolls, a doll of her best friend is included in the collection. Four of the dolls have had movies made about their stories. 


There have also been some dolls who have been "retired":

There is also another line of dolls called "Girl of the Year," (called "American Girl of Today" before 2006). Each girl stars in her two book (one book before 2007) series. Their stories take place in modern times in the year they are released. The line was made starting in 2001. However, there wasn't a Girl of the Year in 2002 and 2004 due to low sales of Lindsey. These are the Girls of the Year:















Hot spring

A hot spring is a spring produced by the emergence of geothermally heated groundwater from the Earth's crust. Hot springs are in many places, especially in mountains.

There is no universally accepted definition of a hot spring. For example, one can find the phrase "hot spring" defined as 

The water issuing from a hot spring is heated by geothermal energy, i.e., heat from the Earth's mantle.


Sergei Parajanov

Sergei Parajanov ( "Sargis Hovsepi Parajanyan"; "Sergej Iosifovich Paradzhanov"; also spelled Paradzhanov or Paradjanov), (January 9, 1924 – July 20 1990), is considered by many to be one of the most original and critically acclaimed filmmakers of the 20th century. His work reflected the ethnic diversity of the Caucasus where he was raised.

He was born to Armenian parents Iosif Paradjanyan and Siranush Bejanyan, in Tbilisi, Georgia. In 1945, Parajanov traveled to Moscow, enrolled in the directing department at VGIK, one of the oldest and highly respected film schools of Europe, and studied under the tutelage of directors Igor Savchenko and Aleksandr Dovzhenko.

In 1950 Parajanov married his first wife, Nigyar Kerimova in Moscow. She came from a Muslim Tatar family and converted to Eastern Orthodox Christianity to marry Parajanov, to terrible consequences: she was later murdered by her relatives in retaliation for her conversion. As a result of this tragic event Parajanov moved to Kyiv. There he produced several documentaries ("Dumka", "Golden Hands",
"Natalia Uzhvy") and a handful of narrative films based on Ukrainian and Moldovan folktales, such as "Andriesh", "Ukrainian Rhapsody", and "Flower on the Stone". He became fluent in Ukrainian, remarried (Svetlana Ivanovna Sherbatiuk in 1956) and had a son (Suren, 1958).


Artavazd Peleshyan

Artavazd Peleshyan (born November 22, 1938) is an Armenian movie director. He makes documentaries.

Peleshyan is also the author of many books, such as his 1988 book "Moyo kino" ("My Cinema").

Peleshyan's work has not been recognized by world cinema until after the fall of the Soviet Union. Since then, he has been able to make two more short films, "Life" (1993) and "The End" (1994). He is now living in Moscow and suffering from a severe mental illness.


Dress

A dress is one of the basic styles of female clothing. It is a garment of a skirt (bottom half) with an attached bodice (top half). The colouring and style of the dress gives the effect of a one-piece garment. A dress is also known as a frock or a gown. In Europe and the Americas, dresses are worn by females of all ages as an alternative to a separate skirt and blouse or trousers.

There are many types of dresses. A dress is usually worn at formal occasions, such as a wedding or a dance. It is also worn in the summer to keep cool. Younger females tend to prefer shorter skirts than older females.


In the 11th century, women in Europe wore dresses that were like men's tunics and were loose with the hem(the very bottom cloth of a dress) below the knees or lower. 

Later in the 1550s French women were inspired by Spanish-style bodices and also wore ruffs(a frilly circle worn on the neck). In England, Queen Elizabeth said what kinds of dresses women could wear. 

During the 17 century, Lace and slashing(when fabric is layered and cut so it feels like velvet) became popular decorations. Skirts were full, and the overskirt(the skirt worn over all the others) allowed the display of an underskirt of contrasting fabric. Necklines became lower as well.

Skirts were wide and supported by hoop underskirts in the 18th century. One-piece gowns were popular until the middle of the century. During the 1760s in France, hoop petticoats(undergarments like skirts) were reduced in size. Women also liked lighter colors and lighter fabrics.

Women's dresses in the 19th century began to be sorted by the time of day or purpose of the dress. Dresses with high waists were popular until around 1830. Europeans styles in dresses increased quickly to the hoop skirt and the crinoline using styles of the 1860s. Dresses had "day" bodice with a high neckline and long sleeves, and an "evening" bodice with a low neckline and very short sleeves. Skirts of the 1860s had a lot of decoration.


Giza

Giza or Gizah (Arabic, الجيزة, transliterated "al-Gīzah"; pronounced in dialect of Cairo of Egyptian Arabic "eg-Gīza;" also sometimes spelled in English as Gizeh, Ghizeh, or Geezeh) is a city in Egypt. It is on the west bank of the Nile river. It is about 20 km southwest of central Cairo. Today it is part of the greater Cairo metropolis. It is the capital of the Al Jizah Governorate, and is near the northeast border of this governorate in coordinates . It is right on the banks of the Nile River. It had 4,779,000 people living in it in 1998.

Giza is known for being the place where the Giza Plateau is. The plateau is the site of some of the most impressive ancient monuments in the world. There are a complex of ancient Egyptian royal mortuary and sacred structures there. These include the Great Sphinx, the Great Pyramid of Giza, and a number of other large pyramids and temples.

The Great Pyramid of Giza was once advocated (1884) as the location for the Prime Meridian, a reference point used for determining a base longitude.

Giza's most famous archaeological site, the Giza Plateau, holds some of the most astonishing monuments in Egyptian history. Once thriving with the Nile that flowed right into the Giza Plateau, the Pyramids of Giza were built overlooking the ancient Egyptian capital of Memphis, which was near modern-day Cairo.

The Giza Plateau is also home to many other Ancient Egyptian monuments, including the tomb of Pharaoh Djet of the First dynasty as well as that of Pharaoh Ninetjer of the Second dynasty.

The city itself has seen changes over time. Changes in infrastructure during the different occupations of Egypt by various rulers, including the British in the 19th and early 20th century, focused on the construction of roads, streets, and buildings in the area. It is commonly misunderstood that the Giza area is a complete desert area; however, Giza has become a thriving centre of Egyptian culture and is quite heavily populated, with many facilities and buildings in the current area. Giza saw much attention in particular to its vast amount of ancient Egyptian monuments found on the Giza Plateau, and has astonished thousands of visitors and tourists over the years. Giza's infrastructure saw much attention from both the British government prior to the 1952 coup d'état as well as the current Egyptian government due to the city's importance in tourism.
Parts of Giza include Alharam famous in the past for its night clubs, Zamalek predominantly populated by middle class Egyptians and relatively recently overpopulated Almohan

Access to the city of Giza, which has its own Governorate adjacent to the governorate of Cairo, is dependent on Cairo International Airport, since no official International Airport is located in Giza.

Giza is also known for its appearance as a dig and discovery site in the fictional universe of Stargate. An interplanetary transportation device is found and is the central basis for a movie and 2 popular television shows.




Thorn

Thorn has several meanings:







Thorns, spines and prickles

Botanists use three different words for sharp things on plants. They are thorns, spines, and prickles. Thorns are the ends of branches that are hard and sharp. Spines are hard structures with sharp ends. There are many different kinds of spines. Some are on leaves, and some grow instead of leaves. Prickles are on the outside of stems. 

Spines, prickles, and thorns protect plants from plant-eating animals (defence against herbivory). Some plants and animals, such as the acacia tree and giraffe have evolved in response to each other. The plants grow very long spines and the animals develop very long tongues to reach past the spines and feed on the leaves.


Pope Pius IX

Pope Pius IX (, ; May 13, 1792 – February 7, 1878), born Giovanni Maria Mastai-Feretti, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 256th Pope, from 1846 until his death. Only Saint Peter himself led the church longer than the 32-year reign of Pius IX.

In 2000, he was beatified, which is a step in the process of naming a saint of the Catholic Church.

Mastai-Feretti was ordained as a priest in 1819.

Father Mastai-Feretti was named Bishop of Spoletto in 1827. In 1877, the Golden Jubilee celebrations recalled the 50 years since he was named a bishop.

In 1840, Pope Gregory XVI made Bishop Mastai-Feretti a cardinal.

Cardinal Mastai-Feretti was elected Pope in 1846; and he took the name Pius IX.

In 1846, Piux IX declared an amnesty for political prisoners.

In 1848 he ordered that the gates to the Jewish ghetto in Rome be knocked down.
Pius formally defined the dogma of the Immaculate Conception.

In 1849, Pius was deposed as the temporal ruler of the Papal States. As a result of Italian nationalism and the Risorgimento, the Papal States and all of the pope's land outside the Apostolic Palace were seized in 1870 and pope spent his last years a virtual prisoner within the Vatican. 

In 1869-1870, Pope Pius brought together the church's bishops and cardinals in a meeting called the Vatican Council. The council defined the dogma of papal infallibility.

Pius died at age 85.

The process of recognizing Pius IX as a saint began in 1907.

The body of Pope Pius IX was exhumed in 1956. This was part of a ceremony of "recognition".

Preparations for beatification were almost finished in 1962; and they were completed in 1984.




Sickle

A sickle is a curved cutting tool used in agriculture for harvesting grain crops. It is a hand tool and was used before machines for harvesting. It has a curved blade with an attached handle. The inside part of the curve is sharp, so the user can swing the blade against the crop's base, catching it in the curve and slicing it. Some sickles have a serrated blade like a saw.

A sickle is sometimes used as a weapon. In Greek mythology, Cronus and Perseus did this.

A sickle and a hammer are the symbols of the Soviet Union.

Kilometres per hour

Kilometres per hour is a unit of measurement, which measures speed or velocity. The unit symbol is km/h or km·h. By definition, an object travelling at a speed of 1 km/h in a straight line for 1 hour moves 1 kilometre. The unit is the most commonly used unit of speed worldwide, more common than the SI unit of speed, metres per second.



Amanda Bynes

Amanda Laura Bynes (born April 3, 1986) is an American actress, program host on Nickelodeon and fashion designer. After being in several successful television series on Nickelodeon in the late 1990s and early 2000s, Bynes has moved into a movie career. She starred in several movies aimed at teenage audiences. These included "Big Fat Liar", "She's the Man", "Hairspray," and "Easy A". She was on the 2007 Forbes list as the 5th highest paid celebrities under 21 earning $2.5 million.

Bynes has been described by "The Boston Globe" as having an "everygirl" appeal, embodying "both everything her teen fans dream of being and everything they know they really are, and they love her for it." In 2006, she was named one of "Teen People's" "25 Hottest Stars Under .

On June 19, 2010, Bynes said on her Twitter that she is retiring from acting saying she does not like it as much as she used to. A month later, Bynes changed her mind and returned to acting.

Again in 2012 she said that she is retiring from acting.

In April 2012 Bynes was arrested for side-swiping a police car. In June 2012 she was charged with driving under alcohol or drugs when she was arrested in April.

In May 2013 Bynes was arrested at her house in Manhattan for having marijuana. In July she was arrested after she set fire to a stranger's driveway. The police decided that she should be kept for psychiatric evaluation for her own safety. Since September 2013 Bynes has been in The Canyon rehab in Malibu for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder treatment.

On March 20, 2023 Bynes was found roaming the streets of Downtown Los Angeles unclothed. Bynes waved down a car and told them she was "coming down from a psychotic episode". After calling 911 herself, Bynes was taken to a nearby police station and after an evaluation by mental health officials, she was placed under a psychiatric hold. This comes merely days away from her one-year anniversary of being released from her conservatorship held by her parents Rick and Lynn Bynes.

Exclamation mark

An exclamation mark (!) is a punctuation mark. It is used to show strong emotion at the end of a sentence or after an interjection.

Putting a space before an exclamation mark is incorrect.

In coding, "!" sometimes means "not". In mathematics, the use of an exclamation mark can be used for the factorial function (for example, formula_1).


Yupik

The Yupik (in the Central Alaskan Yup'ik language, Yup'ik, plural Yupiit) people are a group of native people who mainly live in certain parts of Alaska, somewhere near Fairbanks. The 1918 influenza pandemic killed many of the indigenous people in Alaska. Many died during famines and the culture suffered when the Soviet government made villagers move. Some of the Yupi'k people's traditions are celebrating the dead. They celebrate by having ceremonies with a shaman, where they connect with the dead. They also name the next child born after the most recent person who has died.

Anna Kournikova

Anna Sergeevna Kournikova (born June 7, 1981, in Moscow, Russia, then USSR) (Russian: Анна Сергеевна Курникова) is a Russian model and retired professional tennis player. She won two Grand Slam doubles tournaments, both with Swiss player Martina Hingis. In 1999, the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) said she was the best doubles player in the world. She also played tennis for Russia in an international competition called the Fed Cup.

Kournikova played in her last Grand Slam tournament in 2009. Since then, she modeled clothes and played in exhibition tennis matches. Although she was born in Russia, she lives in Miami, Florida, in the United States. She appeared in several advertisements mainly about tennis. As of July 2008, her boyfriend is Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias.

Kournikova was born in Moscow, Russia, Union of Soviet Socialist Republics in 1981. Her mother is called Alla, and her father is called Ser. She first picked up a tennis racket when she was five years old and joined the Spartak Tennis Club. She improved very much and when she was 10 years old she moved to Florida to train at an academy.

In 2000, it was reported that she was going to marry Russian NHL player Pavel Bure. Another Russian ice hockey player, Sergei Fedorov, who played for the Detroit Red Wings said he married Kournikova in 2001, but they divorced later that year. In 2002, she was in a music video with Enrique Iglesias for his song "Escape". She was Iglesias's girlfriend after this video, but she later said she did not want to get married. Iglesias said Kournikova kept saying no when he would ask her to marry him. He said "I always try, but she doesn't want to." Kournikova has said that she is not interested in getting married: "I'm never getting married. Everything is good."

In 2002, she was the second most popular athlete searched for on Google, and was voted the "Sexiest Woman In The World" by FHM readers. However, some experts working for ESPN voted her the 18th biggest sports failure from 1979 to 2004.

It is estimated Kournikova earned about £50 million in her career as of 2007, but most of this did not come from tennis. She said "You cannot just be a great tennis player or just be a beautiful person to succeed in the game any more. You have to have it all: the talent, the looks, the brains and the drive."

On December 16, 2017, Anna and Enrique Iglesias welcomed twins, a boy named Nicholas Iglesias and a girl named Lucy Iglesias born in Miami after a very private pregnancy.

Kournikova holds her racket in her right hand but uses both hands when she plays backhand shots. She is a good player at the net. She has several different types of shots, some of which are her hard shots from the back of the court and drop shots which land just over the net.

Kournikova became a professional tennis player in October 1995 when she was 14 years old. In 1996, the WTA gave her a prize for being the best new player in the world. She won the first of her 16 WTA tour doubles titles in September 1998 in Tokyo, in Japan. Her partner for the victory was American player Monica Seles. After this, Kournikova would often play her doubles matches with Swiss player Martina Hingis. She finished the year in the top 20 women tennis players in the world. In 1999, the pair won five doubles tournaments, one of which was the Australian Open, and they came second in the French Open. That year, the WTA gave them an award for being the best doubles pair in the world. Kournikova won six doubles tournaments in 2000, four of them with Hingis.

In 2001, Kournikova suffered an injury to her foot which meant she was unable to play in many tournaments that year. She got better and won the doubles tournament at the Australian Open in 2002, again with Hingis. Other injuries like a bad back meant that in 2003, Kournikova played very few tournaments and said "I do not want to go on playing unless I can participate 100%".

Kournikova also played tennis for Russia in the Fed Cup. She played both singles and doubles and won 12 out of 19 matches between 1996 and 2000.

The following table shows how far Kournikova progressed in each of the Grand Slam singles tournaments she has played in.

Kournikova won two doubles tournaments. She won the 1999 Australian Open with Swiss player Martina Hingis when they defeated Lindsay Davenport and Natasha Zvereva. Kournikova and Hingis won the 2002 Australian Open, when they defeated Daniela Hantuchová and Arantxa Sánchez Vicario. They were also runners-up in the 1999 French Open where they lost to the American pair Venus and Serena Williams. At the end of 1999, Kournikova was the best doubles player in the world.

Kournikova has also played mixed doubles. She was runner-up with Swede Jonas Björkman in 1999 at the Wimbledon Championships. She also finished runner-up with Max Mirnyi from Belarus in the 2000 US Open.

The following table is a summary of the Women's Tennis Association and Grand Slam tournaments won by Kournikova.

Kournikova began to be a model while she was still playing tennis. When she lost in the first round at Wimbledon in 2002, she had an interview with a reporter from the BBC. The reporter suggested that her modeling was making her concentrate less on tennis. This upset her and she nearly walked out of the interview. She said she was "100% committed to tennis".

Kournikova sponsored a video game called "Anna Kournikova's Smash Court Tennis" for the Sony PlayStation in 1999. She was also sponsored by sportswear manufacturer Adidas and sports bra manufacturer Berlei. She made more than ten times as much money from her sponsors than from playing tennis that year. She made a £7 million agreement to be in an advertising campaign for the internet company Lycos. In 2002, Adidas said they were worried she was not concentrating on tennis enough.

As of July 2008, she is sponsored by sportswear manufacturer K-Swiss.


Sk8er Boi

Sk8er Boi is a single by pop-punk singer Avril Lavigne. It is one of her most famous songs.

In this song, she tells the story of a relationship between a "sk8er boi" (skater boy) and a more preppy girl who does ballet. Although both of them "want" each other, the girl rejects him against her own secret feelings because of peer pressure. In the end, the skater boy becomes famous and is with another punk girl (Avril sings in that girl's point of view) who cares for him, leaving the preppy girl behind.


The music video begins with what may be the "Sk8er Boi" in the alley of a city with a bunch of spray paint on the ground. The music video goes along with posters that have a star on them advertising a concert Avril hosts, where people use their cars and amplifiers to have the concert on the streets. The concert gets so wild the police come in trying to stop it. At the end of the video, Avril crashes her guitar into the car windshield. A police helicopter comes in, leaving a mystery as to what they will do.

In 2003, Paramount Pictures optioned the song for adaptation into a feature film. However, as of December 2006, the film has apparently been abandoned or is stuck in development hell.

Pay

Pay may refer to:

Talk show

A talk show is a radio or television program where one or more hosts discuss current issues or other topics with guests. Many talk shows (especially those on radio) allow members of the public to join in, through telephone calls, letters, e-mail and Internet chat. Talk shows are often meant to entertain, and many feature comedy or performing. Many shows, though, do a , by informing the public and discussing issues openly. While some are locally based, and serve only one station's audience, others become and play on many stations, or are broadcast by a regional or national network.

The host of a talk show may already be a celebrity, or may become one as their show becomes popular. Some are professionals or experts in a field of knowledge, such as psychology or business. Others are well-known performers who can converse well with others. Guests on a talk show may also be experts in a field of knowledge or work, longtime professionals, or new and familiar celebrities, performers or athletes. Sometimes guests are members of the public who do something that interests others, such as inventors and authors, or someone who comes to public attention through a disaster or mishap. 

Johnny Carson hosted NBC's "The Tonight Show" for thirty years, with guests from every walk of life, including many old and new celebrities. (Comedian Jay Leno took over "The Tonight Show" when Carson retired.) Singer Mike Douglas hosted a popular, long-running show, co-hosted by weekly guests. Merv Griffin, David Frost and Dick Cavett also had long-running talk shows. Dr. Joyce Brothers was one of the first women to host a national talk show. Other women followed as hosts, including Oprah Winfrey, Joan Rivers, Ricki Lake, Rosie O'Donnell, and Ellen DeGeneres.

Many celebrities host a talk show after they finish work on a television series, to change the direction of their career or to promote things they think are important. Many such series last only a season or two, and some even less. Actresses Gabrielle Carteris, Caroline Rhea and Megan Mullally each hosted short-lived talk shows, after leaving successful series. Nearly every show aired at the same time as "The Tonight Show" has been cancelled after a short run, including shows hosted by Chevy Chase and Dennis Miller. Arsenio Hall came close, with a show lasting five seasons. "Late Show with David Letterman" has been the most successful, and is still airing. (Ironically, David Letterman was a hopeful to take over "The Tonight Show" from Carson when he retired in 1992.)

Talk shows became more and more popular on from the 1970s onward, as AM stations began to play less music. Today talk shows are heard on AM, FM, and also radio stations, , and the Internet. Larry King began his career on radio, and "crossed over" to television after many years as a popular host. Howard Stern led the trend of "", using profanity and personal topics to make his show more exciting. Art Bell talked about controversial topics, like UFOs and possible government conspiracies.

Call-in shows are meant especially for members of the public to join in, by telephone. Callers may wish to talk about current topics in politics, economics or social trends, or to seek advice, or help with a personal problem. Dr. Laura Schlesinger, Dr. Joy Browne, and Bruce Williams help callers with problems, while Michael Savage and many other hosts discuss current issues, on their radio shows.

Graduated cylinder

A graduated cylinder (also called measuring cylinder) is a piece of laboratory glassware used to measure the volume of liquids. It is used to accurately measure the volume of chemicals for use in reactions. 

Often, the biggest graduated cylinders are made of polyethylene or other stiff plastic, making them lighter and less fragile than glass, but more difficult to sterilize.

Edmond Keosayan

Edmond Keosayan (; Leninakan, now Gyumri, October 9, 1936 - Moscow, April 21, 1994) was an Armenian Soviet movie director and musician. From 1954 to 1956 Keosayan studied in Plekhanov Moscow Institute of Economy. From 1956 to 1958 he studied in Yerevan Fine Arts and Theatre Institute. In 1964, he graduated from the Directing Department of VGIK (E.Dzigan's master class). Since 1964 Keosayan has been a director at Mosfilm Studio. He has worked worked a few times for Armenfilm Studio.
He was also a Master of Ceremonies of the Soviet State Variety Orchestra. 
His films are mainly in the Armenian and 
Russian languages.


Amerigo Vespucci

Amerigo Vespucci (9 March 1451- 22 February 1512) was an Italian merchant, explorer and cartographer. He was the first person to explain that the places discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 were not part of east Asia, but an unknown continent which he called "The New World". America got its name when other cartographers used a feminized and latinized version of his first name, "Americus". 

Not much is known of Vespucci's life. Two books were published saying he wrote them. Some letters exist, also saying he wrote them. He visited the New World at least twice, and died of malaria.


Titanic (1997 movie)

Titanic is a 1997 American epic romantic disaster movie. It was directed, written, and co-produced by James Cameron. The movie is about the 1912 sinking of the" RMS Titanic". It stars Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio. The two play characters who are of different social classes. They fall in love after meeting aboard the ship, but it was not good for a rich girl to fall in love with a poor boy in 1912. Titanic ran for 200 days in cinemas. Production of the movie began in 1995. Cameron recorded footage of the real "Titanic" wreck. The reconstruction of the "Titanic" was created at Playas de Rosarito in Baja California. To create the sinking of the ship, scale models and computer-generated imagery were used. Paramount Pictures and 20th Century Fox helped with half of the funding for the movie. At the time when the movie was released, it was the most expensive movie ever made. It had a budget of $200 million.

The movie was released on December 19, 1997. It received positive critical reviews. The movie won 11 Academy Awards, and was nominated for fourteen total Academy Awards. It was also a commercial success with a total worldwide gross of $2.196 billion.

A 100-year-old woman named Rose DeWitt Bukater (Dawson) tells a story about her voyage on the famous ship" Titanic". She is sharing the story with her granddaughter, Lizzy Calvert, and a crew of men who are interested in the "Titanic" shipwreck. The members of the crew are named Brock Lovett, Lewis Bodine, Bobby Buell, and Anatoly Mikailavich. She tells the story while on the "Keldysh. "The men are on the" Keldysh "trying to find a famous necklace called "The Heart of the Ocean" that they think sank with the ship"." She goes on to explain the whole story from the ship's departure to the sinking of Titanic on its first (and last) voyage at 2:20 in the morning on 15 April 1912. Most of the movie is not Old Rose telling the story, but Young Rose actually living the story.

On 10 April 1912, Young Rose boards a ship called "Titanic" with the upper-class passengers, her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, and her fiancé, Caledon 'Cal' Hockley. Meanwhile, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets to the ship in a game.

Rose DeWitt Bukater who is on her way to Philadelphia to marry her rich snob fiancé Cal Hockley. Rose feels helplessly trapped by her situation and makes her way to the aft deck and thinks of suicide until she is rescued by a 20-year-old Third Class passenger artist named Jack Dawson. On her way back up, Rose slips and screams in panic. Her screams were heard by three of the ship’s crew members, who rush her to aid. They found Jack who saved Rose. Quartermaster Rowe assumes that Jack tried to assault that young woman, and summons for the Master-At-Arms. 

Later, Cal and his Pinkerton detective Spicer Paul Lovejoy arrive at the scene. A security guard named Walter King handcuffs Jack, but then, Rose lies to Cal that Jack saved her. Cal is therefore obliged to invite Jack to dine at their first-class table where he suffers through the slights of his snobbish hosts. In return, he spirits Rose off to third class for an evening of dancing, giving her the time of her life. Deciding to forsake her intended future all together, Rose asks Jack, who has made his living making sketches on the streets of Paris, to draw her in the nude wearing the invaluable blue diamond Cal has given her. Later on 14 April, Frederick Fleet and Reginald Lee both spotted an iceberg. He then rings the bell that William Murdoch heard, and telephones James Moody at the bridge, shouting “Iceberg, right ahead!” "Titanic" tries to avoid it, but it was too late. 

At 11:40 p.m., "Titanic" collided with an iceberg on a starboard side. Lovejoy slips the Heart of the Ocean into Jack’s pocket. Cal sets up Jack to be arrested, framing him for stealing the necklace. Lovejoy asks the "Titanic"’s Master-At-Arms to take Jack into custody in their office on E-Deck. Rose later finds and uses an axe to break Jack free. She went on a lifeboat without Jack, and jumped back onto the sinking "Titanic". Cal became en-raged, and stole Lovejoy’s gun. Rose and Jack both run from Cal at the Grand Staircase.

In a deleted scene, Lovejoy searches for them while the Dining Saloon is flooding. But then, Jack fights him and smashes his head against a window. Lovejoy pushes Jack, saying “You little shit.” But then, Jack hits him again and hits his head against a pillar, saying “With compliments of the Chippewa Falls Dawsons.” Jack and Rose both ran to the stern of the "Titanic". Captain Smith, who locked himself in his wheelhouse, died after the windows shattered because the water’s pressure on them was too great. With all the lifeboats gone, all passengers start panicking after the bow sank. "Titanic"’s propellers are now visible and they start to rise from the water. The bow is sinking deeper while the stern is rising higher into the air. At the same this time, the first funnel collapses, killing Fabrizio and several others, and the dome of the Grand Staircase implodes by the pressure. 

Around 2:18 a.m., "Titanic" reaches an angle of 45 degrees. In the electric rooms, an engineer was electrocuted by a massive electric shots and Titanic’s lights instantly went out. Her steel structure fails, and "Titanic" breaks in half. Lovejoy died after he fell into a huge crack. The stern rises again to 90 degrees. "Titanic" disappears beneath the ocean. Jack later dies of hypothermia, and his body sank to the ocean floor.

The film returns to 1996, with Old Rose revealing that only 6 of 1,503 were rescued from the water. Back in 1912, Rose sees the Cunard liner RMS "Carpathia". "Carpathia" later arrives in Titanic’s original destination in the United States, New York City. Rose gives her name as Rose Dawson. Cal later commits suicide in the Wall Street Crash of 1929.

Back in 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett and his team has reached the most famous shipwreck of all - the RMS "Titanic". Emerging with a safe believed to contain a famous diamond called the "Heart of the Ocean", he discovers that the safe does not hold the diamond, but a drawing of a beautiful young woman wearing it. When Lovett is later interviewed on television, he shows the drawing to the cameras, and Rose Dawson Calvert, now 101, recognizes the young woman in the drawing - herself. She and her granddaughter Lizzy visit Lovett on his research ship over the wrecksite, and tells her story of the "Titanic" and its ill-fated maiden voyage. Rose later died in her sleep while on a ship in 1996. In Heaven (or a dream), Rose is reunited with Jack at "Titanic"’s Grand Staircase, applauded by those who died that night.

The movie scenes of the ship's journey were taken on the "Akademik Mstislav Keldysh" in July 1996. Principal photography for "Titanic" began in September 1996. The location was at the newly built Fox Baja Studios. The poop deck was built on a move-able machine. This allow it to rise from zero to ninety degrees in a few seconds. This was used during the sinking scene of the movie. Many props were made of foam rubber. The material was used for the safety of the stuntmen. On November 15, the boarding scenes were recorded. Cameron decided to build his RMS "Titanic" on the starboard side. This was because weather data showed north-to-south winds. This caused the funnel smoke to move in one direction.
A full-time etiquette coach was hired. He taught the cast on the manners of the upper class during the year 1912. However, several critics noticed that some cast members were not very good. They also noticed the two main stars on the movie were not well trained. Cameron sketched Jack's nude portrait of Rose for the nude scene. He said "You know what it means for her, the freedom she must be feeling. It's kind of exhilarating (happy) for that reason." The nude scene was DiCaprio and Winslet's first scene together. Cameron said, "It wasn't by any kind of design, although I couldn't have designed it better. There's a nervousness and an energy and a hesitance [unsure] in them." This was the first scene to be recorded. Cameron said that the "big set" was not yet ready. The crew members had to record something so they decided to do the nude scene first.
An angry crew member put the dissociative drug PCP into the soup that Cameron and other members ate one night. This caused more than 50 people to be rushed to the hospital. "There were people just rolling around, completely out of it. Some of them said they were seeing streaks and psychedelics," said actor Lewis Abernathy. Cameron had vomited before the drug began working. Abernathy was shocked at the way he looked. "One eye was completely red, like the "Terminator" eye. A pupil, no iris, beet red. The other eye looked like he'd been sniffing glue since he was four." The person who poisoned the cast members was never found.
Filming was scheduled to last 138 days. However, it grew to 160. Many cast members came down with colds, flu, or kidney infections. This happened during the many hours they spent in the cold water. Winslet, who also had these symptoms, decided she would not work with Cameron again unless she earned "a lot of money". Several other cast members left the movie. Three stuntmen broke their bones. The Screen Actors Guild decided to begin an investigation. They concluded that there was nothing unsafe going on on the set.
The movie's budget reached $200 million. Fox executives were worrying. They suggested an hour of different scenes to be removed from the three-hour movie. James Cameron did not accept this. He told Fox that if they want to remove some scenes out that they would need to fire him. The executives did not want to start over. This would mean they will loose their entire investment.

The soundtrack of the movie was written, orchestrated and conducted by James Horner. The soundtrack was released by Sony Classical on November 18, 1997. When the movie was released, the soundtrack topped the charts in two-dozen countries. It sold over 30 million copies. It then became one of the best-selling albums of all time. It was also the highest-selling orchestral soundtracks ever. Horner wrote the song "My Heart Will Go On". He wrote the song in secrecy because Cameron did not want any songs with singing in the movie. Céline Dion agreed to record a demonstration. Her husband, René Angélil, asked Dion many times to do it, since she did not want to record it at first. Horner waited until Cameron was in a happy mood. After playing it several times, Cameron approved of the song. However, Cameron feared that he might be criticized for "going commercial at the end of the movie".

James Cameron announced that "Titanic" was being converted to 3D. The 3D version came out on April 6, 2012. This was the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the "Titanic". It took $18 million to produce it. The 3D conversion was done by Stereo D. Sony Music with Slam Content's Panther Records, re-worked the . The movie grossed $4.7 million on the first day of its re-release in North America. It went on to make $17.3 million during the weekend. It then became the third most-watched movie for that week. The movie earned $35.2 million worldwide. It then became the second most-watched movie for that week. The following week saw an increase of the movie's earnings. It became the number one movie for that week with $98.9 million. It was more successful in China. It earned $11.6 million on its opening day in that country. It then earned a record-breaking $67 million for that week. The re-release earned a total of $343.4 million worldwide. In China the total was at $145 million. In Canada and the United States, it made $57.8 million from those countries.


Rip Slyme

Rip Slyme is a Japanese hip hop group formed in 1994. It has 5 members - 4 MCs and 1 DJ. 



Names of large numbers

Naming very large numbers is relatively easy. There are two main ways of naming a number: scientific notation and naming by grouping. For example, the number 500,000,000,000,000,000,000 can be called 5 × 10 in scientific notation since there are 20 zeros behind the 5. If the number is named by grouping, it is five hundred quintillion (American) or 500 trillion (European).

When large numbers have many different decimals in them, such as 642 500 000 000, naming them with scientific notation is about the same, but with one difference. Still counting the number of numbers after the first number (in this case, after the 6 there are 11 numbers) you need to include the ones that are not zero in the formula, but after a decimal point. So 642 500 000 000 will be 6.425 × 10. When naming by grouping, each group is the name of the group. With the same number, it would be said to be 642 billion, 500 million (US) or 642 milliard, 500 million (Eur).

The American way or "Short form" for naming large numbers is different from the European way or "Long form" of naming large numbers. This is mainly because of American finance. Short form numbering is based on thousands and Long form is based on millions. Because of this, in Short form a billion is one thousand millions (10) while in Long form it is one million millions (10). The change in the United Kingdom to Short form numbering happened in 1974. Today, Short form is most commonly used in most English speaking countries.

There is also the number googol, which is a 1 with 100 zeros behind it (10,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000), and the number googolplex, which is a 1 with a googol of zeros behind it, (10) (10).
The number googolplexplex, is a 1 with a googolplex number of zeros behind it. 

The name centillion was devised in the 19th century for the 100th "illion", being 10 in short form and 10 in long form, and is much bigger than googol.


Acetylene

Acetylene is a hydrocarbon, belonging to the alkyne group. It is the simplest type of alkyne, as it has only two hydrogen atoms and two carbon atoms. Acetylene is an unsaturated organic compound because its four atoms are triple bonded through a covalent bond. It was discovered in 1836 by Edmund Davy. The chemical symbol is CH.

80% of all acetylene produced yearly in the United States is used for chemical synthesis. It is a toxic chemical; breathing the substance causes dizziness, headache and nausea.

Ralf Schumacher

Ralf Schumacher (born 30 June 1975) is a retired German Formula one driver. He was born in Hürth, North Rhine-Westphalia and is the younger brother of Michael Schumacher. He drove for Jordan, Williams and Toyota.

 Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance.

Auto racing

Auto racing (also known as automobile racing, autosport or motorsport) is a sport involving racing cars. Auto racing began in France in 1895 and is now one of the world's most popular spectator sports.

Formula One is the top level racing championship worldwide. Formula One cars have no fenders or quarter panels like regular passenger cars. At the front and back of each car there is a spoiler, or wing, which uses air to push the car onto the ground and give it more grip to go faster. Each Formula One race takes place in a different country. These races are called Grands Prix (French for "grand prize"). 

Indy Cars look very similar to Formula One cars, but race on oval tracks that have only banked left-hand turns, and more complex road courses which have both left and right hand turns.

Endurance races are a type of race involving heavily modified cars called "touring cars" and purpose-built race cars called "sports prototypes". Each race team has more than one driver because endurance races last for several hours, so drivers take turns. The world's most famous endurance race is the 24 Hours of Le Mans in France.

NASCAR is an American organization that runs races on oval tracks with many cars or pickup trucks. The cars, called "stock cars", look like passenger cars, but have plenty of racing upgrades.


Lascelles Abercrombie

Lascelles Abercrombie (January 9, 1881 – October 27, 1938) was a British poet and critic of Literature, and he was a member of a group of famous poets called "Dymock poets". He was born in Ashton upon Mersey and studied at the University of Manchester. 

Before the First World War, he lived for a time at Dymock in Gloucestershire. In 1922, they gave him the job of Professor of English at the University of Leeds. In 1929 he moved on to the University of London, and in 1935 to the University of Oxford. He wrote many poems, that were put together in a book called 'Poems' (1930). In the same year he wrote his most important poem, "The Sale of Saint Thomas" in six Acts. He was the brother of the architect Patrick Abercrombie, and his son was the scientist Michael Abercrombie.


Eliza Acton

Elizabeth "Eliza" Acton (17 April 1799 – 13 February 1859) was an English poet and cook. She was born in Battle, Sussex and raised in Suffolk. She wrote one the first cookbooks for cooking at home, not for professional cook or chef, "Modern Cookery for Private Families". In this book she started the use of listing the ingredients and suggested cooking times with each recipe, like all the world does now. "Modern Cookery" was sold for a long time after her death, until 1914 and can still be found at many libraries. Her recipes are still very famous.


Ralph Fiennes

Ralph Fiennes (born 22 December 1962) is an English actor. He has won several awards including the Tony Award and was nominated for the Academy Award for his work in Steven Spielberg's movie "Schindler's List", and the Genie Award. 

Fiennes is also well-known for portraying Lord Voldemort in four of the eight "Harry Potter" movies.

His parents were Jennifer Lash and Mark Fiennes. His brothers and sisters are Joseph Fiennes, Sophie Fiennes, Martha Fiennes, Magnus Fiennes and Jacob Fiennes. He was born in Ipswich, Suffolk.

Wellington Koo

Vi Kyuin Wellington Koo (Chinese: 顾维钧；Pinyin: Gù Wéijūn; Wade-Giles: Ku Wei-chün) (January 29, 1887 - November 14, 1985) was a Chinese diplomat. He was a representative at the Paris Peace Conference of 1919. His wife was Chinese-American diplomat Juliana Koo.

Born in Shanghai in 1887, he went to the United States in 1904 and studied Western culture in order to help China with the problem of imperialism. He spoke perfect fluent English, and came to be interested in China's position in international society.


Wade–Giles

Wade–Giles (), sometimes abbreviated Wade, is a Romanization system for the Chinese language. It is based on the form of Mandarin used in Beijing. The system was produced by Thomas Wade in the mid-19th century. It was fully developed in Herbert Giles's 1892 Chinese-English dictionary.

Wade-Giles was the main system of transliteration in the English-speaking world for much of the 20th century. It is used in several standard reference books. It is also used in all books about China published before 1979. It replaced the Nanjing-based romanization systems that was common until the late 19th century. Wade-Giles has been replaced by the Pinyin system today. It still remains in use in Taiwan (Republic of China).

One well-known feature of Wade-Giles is that it uses the apostrophe to mark aspirated consonants, or breathy consonants. For example, "ping" in Pinyin would be written as "p'ing" in Wade-Giles, but "bing" in Pinyin would be written as "ping". Sounds are written this way because Chinese does not have voiced stop consonants, fricatives, or affricates like in English. Chinese only distinguishes between aspirated and unaspirated sounds. Therefore, an apostrophe is used instead of using a different letter.

However, the apostrophe was not well understood by people who do not know the Wade-Giles spelling, so many people who read the apostrophe ignored the apostrophe when reading or copying Chinese words down. This had lead many non-Chinese to say Chinese words incorrectly, including Tao, tai chi, and kung fu. Wade-Giles spellings where the apostrophe is completely ignored are called bastardized Wade-Giles.

Below are examples of sentences written in Chinese characters, Pinyin, and Wade-Giles with English translations.


Prince (disambiguation)

A prince is a member of the highest aristocracy

Prince may refer to:





Natalia Oreiro

Natalia Oreiro (born May 18, 1977 in Montevideo,Uruguay) is a Latin Grammy-nominated Uruguayan singer and actress. She has been in both soap operas and movies. She is best known for her participation in the soap opera, "Muñeca Brava" (1998-1999), which was an every-afternoon-smash-hit during its run in Argentina. Her most recent soap opera, "Sos mi vida" (2006), was shown in more than 40 countries.

Natalia Oreiro was born in Montevideo, Uruguay on May 19, 1977. She is daughter of Carlos Oreiro Poggio and the painter Mabel Iglesias Bourié. She studied drama when she was eight years old than she appeared in advertisements at twelve years old such as Coca-Cola, Pepsi and Johnson & Johnson.

When she was fifteen years old, she joined Latin America's show "El Show de Xuxa" and won the competition. At the age of 16 she moved to Argentina to work there. She worked as an MTV VJ and in 1995, she landed a role in the soap opera "Dulce Ana". After that she st in the TV series "90-60-90 modelos" (1996) and "Ricos y famosos" (1997). In "Ricos y famosos", Oreiro played fictional character Valeria.

In 1998, Natalia Oreiro starred in her first movie "Un Argentino en New York" with Guillermo Francella. "Un Argentino en New York" was watched by 1.634.702 people in Argentina. After the movie, she released three studio albums ("Natalia Oreiro, Tu Veneno, Turmalina") and she starred many TV series and movies.

In 1998, Natalia Oreiro released single "Que Sí, Que Sí" from "Un Argentino en New York". Than she launched her first studio album "Natalia Oreiro" (1998). "Cambio Dolor" was first single from her debut album and became the opening theme for the prime time show "Muñeca Brava" (1998-1999).

Album was ranked eighty-first in list of "Worldbeat Global Album Chart" and sold over 140,000 copies therefore received a double platinum disc in Argentina and gold disc in countries like Greece, Slovenia and Israel.

In 2000, her second studio album, "Tu Veneno" (Your Poison) was released and was presentation in "Gala de la Hispanidad", "Gala de Murcia" (both in Spain) and "Festival de la Calle 8" in Miami. She was nominated for Latin Grammy Awards, but lost to Christina Aguilera's "Mi Reflejo". Oreiro was first Uruguayan nominated for a Grammy. She was crowned Queen of that event at Viña del Mar Festival 2000 in Chile. 3rd music video of album "Cómo Te Olvido" (2001) was directed by Tudor Giurgiu in Dracula's Castle, Romania.

Oreiro's next and last album, "Turmalina", was released in 2002 and centered around a superhero character named Turmalina who is created by Oreiro. "Turmalina" was produced by Latin maker Kike Santander. The album was recorded in USA. "Que Digan Lo Que Quieran" (Should they say whatever they want) was first single from "Turmalina". "Cuesta Arriba, Cuesta Abajo" became the opening theme for soap opera "Kahorra". Natalia made contributions with singer/songwriter Jaime Roos and Falta y Resto for the official Uruguayan 2002 FIFA World Cup song "Pasión Celeste".





Democratic Progressive Party

The Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) (Traditional Chinese: ; Simplified Chinese: ; abbreviated to or ; Pinyin: Mínjìndǎng) is a major political party in the Republic of China (Taiwan). The party has been linked with the pan-green coalition and de jure Taiwan independence movement. The DPP is a member of Liberal International and a founding member of the Council of Asian Liberals and Democrats. The DPP represented Taiwan in the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation.



President of the Republic of China

The President of the Republic of China is the head of state and Commander-in-Chief of the democratic country known officially as the Republic of China. The Republic of China government has controlled Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen, Matsu and other islands after the Nationalist lost the war and moved the government from mainland China in 1949. 

The presidential office was created in 1948 under the 1947 Constitution of the Republic of China.

In the previous Kuomintang administration, the title of "President of the Republic of China" was used (). The current Democratic Progressive Party administration refers to the President as the "President of the Republic of China (Taiwan)" ().

Anastas Mikoyan

Anastas Hovhannesi Mikoyan (, "Anastas Hovhannesi Mikoyan"; ;  – 21 October 1978) was an Armenian Old Bolshevik and Soviet statesman during the Stalin and Khrushchev years.

It was told that, during Khrushchev time, he was the second most powerful man in the Soviet Union.

Mitanni

Mitanni was a Hurrian kingdom in northern Mesopotamia from ca. 1500 BC.

Mitanni is often associated with Armenian nobility.


Russians in the United Kingdom

There may be many as 300,000 Russians in the United Kingdom. About half of these were born in Russia. Some of the others are citizens of the Baltic states (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania). Since they joined the EU in 2004, they are free to live in other EU countries, including the UK. There are many Russian language schools in London and the South East. These schools were founded by immigrants from Russia to the United Kingdom. They send their children to the schools so the children can learn about their parents' culture.


Larry Griffin

Larry Griffin (September 23, 1954 - June 21, 1995) - was a man accused of killing 19-year-old Quintin Moss. The alleged crime happened in Saint Louis, Missouri, on June 26, 1980. On June 21, 1995, the State of Missouri executed Griffin by lethal injection. He is one of the few people who were put to death partly based on the testimony of a witness who had been at the crime scene. There were others including Garay Graham who was executed on June 22 2000 when Texas Governor George Bush & the Texas appeals board refused to give him life in prison instead. He maintained his innocence until he was executed for the crime. There are groups to this day trying to reopen his case, prove him innocent.


Nassau County, New York

Nassau County is a suburban county in the New York Metropolitan area east of New York City and west of Suffolk County, in the U.S. state of New York. In 2020, 1,395,774 people lived there. Nassau County is in western Long Island, and is bordered by Suffolk County to the east and by the New York City boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens to the west. Until 1899, Nassau County was part of Queens County. The county seat is Mineola. Along with Suffolk, it was named the safest county in the United States in 2005 by Forbes.

Nassau County is split into three towns and two cities:

Hamlets in Nassau County include Manhasset, New York.

First Nagorno-Karabakh War

The First Nagorno-Karabakh War was a war that had happened since February 1988 until May 1994, over the small ethnic enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh in southwestern Azerbaijan, between the mostly ethnic Armenians of Nagorno-Karabakh backed by Armenia and Azerbaijan. The war originates from 1918, when the World War I came to an end and the Ottoman Empire collapsed into independent states including Armenia and Azerbaijan, while the region was recognized as part of Azerbaijan. Since then, Armenia has claimed it; Armenians have made many efforts to unify the region, although Azerbaijanis also have worked to protect their sovereignty as well as national identity.

In February 1988, the war finally started, during the course of which both Armenia and Azerbaijan had utilized the legislatures to legitimize themselves while both caused pogroms as well as massacres against each other, with territorial loss of both sides alternated. Furthermore, the Soviet Union, before its collapse in 1991, and Russia had been involved with this Nagorno-Karabakh War, which had an impact on the fate of the war. The estimated death toll of the entire war is more than 30,000 on both sides.

Not only Moscow but also European countries, the neighboring countries of both Armenia and Azerbaijan, the United Nations, as well as the United States, had made a variety of efforts to make a ceasefire come true. However, there were conflicting interests among them and Nagorno-Karabakh itself therefore was not the most urgent matter for them.

In the end, the war ended with a Russian-brokered ceasefire that had been in effect since midnight on 11 and 12 May 1994 until April 2 2016.

In 1918, after the World War I as well as the collapse of the Ottoman Empire, Armenia and Azerbaijan became independent, both of which claimed Nagorno-Karabakh. Consequently, the region was admitted as territory of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic of 1918-1920 at the Versailles Peace Conference. In the early 1920s, the South Caucasus countries got annexed by the Soviet Union, whose Caucasus Bureau of the Central Committee of the Russian Communist Party of the Bolsheviks made Nagorno-Karabakh remain under the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic. In 1923, the region was accorded the autonomous status as the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast.

However, Armenia claimed that Armenians living in Nagorno-Karabakh endured discrimination by Azerbaijanis, who also neglected the region, although the living standard there was high, compared with other mountainous regions in the Soviet Union. On 13 February 1988, Karabakh Armenians held a political rally in the Lenin Square in Yerevan, joined by several hundred people, and called for the affiliation of the region to Armenia. This political rally was held at the same time when a delegation of Karabakh Armenian artists and writers who visited and petitioned Moscow returned. Those demonstrators chanted "Unity!" in Armenian ("Miatsum!"), which was a single-word slogan of their campaign. This incident intensified antagonism among Azerbaijanis living in Nagorno-Karabakh, which accounted for about 25% of the population, and Azerbaijani residents of Shusha, which is a neighboring town of Stepanakert and 90% of the town's total population were Azerbaijanis, started to establish counter-protests.

A week later on 20 February 1988, the Regional Soviet of Nagorno-Karabakh held an emergency session, in spite of the failed efforts by Boris Kevorkov, who was the leader of the Armenian Party and still loyal to Azerbaijan, and Kameran Bagirov, the first secretary of the Communist Party of Azerbaijan, to prevent the emergency session from taking place. Consequently, it adopted the resolution to place the region under the Armenian sovereignty; 110 Armenian deputies voted for this resolution while the Azerbaijani deputies did not vote.

Then the Azerbaijan SSR as well as the Soviet Union condemned this decision. According to Erick Melander's "” (2001), the Soviet Union was concerned that similar desires would emerge and resultant disruptions would prevail in other parts within the state. With regard to this, Thomas de Waal reveals in "Armenia and Azerbaijan through Peace and War" (2013) that the Soviet Union had nineteen potential territorial disputes and Mikhail Gorbachev did not want to make concession to any of those since it would provide a precedent to energize such territorial conflicts. Gorbachev decided to intervene the affairs of Nagorno-Karabakh and sent a large delegation to the region. The Moscow delegation replaced Kevorkov with his deputy, Genrikh Pogosian, who, however, started to support the unification with Armenia because of greater respect he enjoyed from the Armenians living in the region.

During these days, violence already started to happen. For instance, in the second week of the protest, Arif Yunusov, a historian who was gathering information on events in Nagorno-Karabakh, visited the Republican Hospital in Baku, where he met two Azerbaijani girls who trained in the Pedagogic Institute in Stepanakert and had been raped during an attack against their hostel.

Long before 1988 but especially in the late 1980s, the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic had tried to put Nagorno-Karabakh under its sovereignty. Armenians sent letters and petitions to Moscow to make the unification come true, no matter when a political change happened there. According to Thomas de Waal's book "Armenia and Azerbaijan through Peace and War" (2013), on 3 March 1988, Gorbachev pointed out that the Politburo had failed to acknowledge such Armenian efforts as possible threats, saying "The Central Committee received five hundred letters in the last three years on the question of Nagorno-Karabakh. Who paid any attention to this?"

The latest unification effort by Armenians previous to 1988, however, was unique in that the major organizers were Karabakh Armenians who lived outside Nagorno-Karabakh in cities such as Moscow, Yerevan and Tashkent, although its predecessors were mobilized from inside the region. One of those organizers was Igor Muradian. He brought a letter to Moscow in February 1986, which he persuaded nine members and scientists of the Soviet Armenian Communist Party to sign. Furthermore, with support from Karen Demirchian, who was the leader of the Armenian Communist Party, he tried to discredit Heidar Aliev, who was an Azerbaijani politician as well as a full member of the Politburo and most likely to disrupt the unification campaign in their view.

Muradian also worked as a subversive. He got in touch with members of the Dashnaktsutiun Party (the Dashnaks) in underground cells that they have in Yerevan and abroad. The illegal Armenian nationalist party helped the unification activists to obtain small arms from abroad and form paramilitary groups in Nagorno-Karabakh.

In order to legitimize their campaign, those activists adopted what they called a referendum on unification, as well. They visited farms and factories across Nagorno-Karabakh to gather signatures for it. In August 1987, this work culminated in a huge petition with more than seventy five thousand signatures from the people in the region as well as Armenia. It was sent to Moscow; then the Karabakh Armenians dispatched two delegations to the Soviet capital and appealed to the Central Committee.

There were other Armenians who lobbied abroad. For instance, on 16 November 1987, Abel Aganbekian, who was a Gorbachev's main economic adviser, stated in front of French Armenians in Paris that Nagorno-Karabakh had "greater links with Armenia than with Azerbaijan." Then L'Humanité, the French Communist Party's newspaper which was accessible in the Soviet Union, reported on his views and because of his position as a Gorbachev's adviser and Armenian nationality, many Azerbaijanis thought that Gorbachev was supporting Armenians.

Those Azerbaijanis, however, were wrong since Gorbachev did not back Aganbekian and after all, the Armenian lobbying efforts in Moscow could not change the Politburo's mind.

Although those Armenian activists were not going to obtain support from Gorbachev and the Politburo, they mobilized a huge number of people to the streets. On 20 February 1988, slightly before the Regional Soviet held the emergency session in Stepankert, 30,000 people took to the streets in Theater Square in Yerevan. Two days later, the number of protestors reached more than 100,000; it is estimated that 300,000 gathered on 23 February, which led to a transport strike declaration in Yerevan. On 25 February, perhaps almost a million people demonstrated on the streets in Yerevan.

Azerbaijanis did not overlook those Armenian efforts, though Azerbaijani nationalist movement had not been well-organized until even later. Seven days after the Armenian political rally that started on 13 February 1988, they formed their first political protest. Students, workers, and intellectuals marched down to the Supreme Soviet of the Azerbaijan SSR with placards showing that Nagorno-Karabakh was a part of Azerbaijan. For Azerbaijanis, Armenians were trying to destroy their own republic as well as national identity.

Azerbaijani historians were also among the first to take a counter-measure. Bakhtiar Vahabzade, who was a poet, and Suleiman Aliarov, who was a historian, claimed in the journal "Azerbaijan" that Nagorno-Karabakh was historically a part of Azerbaijan, that Armenian unification efforts were based on an irredentist tradition and that Azerbaijani people were the victims. This counterargument, however, did not reach Moscow.

On 22 February, two days after the Regional Soviet of Nagorno-Karabakh issued the resolution, protests happened in Aghdam, from where angry protestors headed to Stepanakert. On the way they clashed policemen as well as Armenian villagers in the Armenian village, Askeran. As a consequence, two Azerbaijanis were killed, who were the first casualties in the conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan, with both sides wounded.

This killing upset residents of Aghdam and they armed themselves with stones, crossbows, staves, etc. and started to march toward Stepanakert. However, a female resident of the city, Khuraman Abasova, stopped the protestors from getting intensified by taking off her head scarf on the roof of a car in front of the crowd. For women to take off their head scarf in public is a signal that men must not go further according to the Azerbaijani custom.

The situation, however, was getting worse especially after 20 February 1988. Azerbaijanis who lived in the Kafan District in southern Armenia started to flee; many of them were injured from beatings and fights although no official reports of deaths were published, and rushed to their relatives in Baku.

Six days after the Regional Soviet decided to allow Nagorno-Karabakh to leave the Azerbaijan SSR, a group of forty or fifty people who were mobilized by some of the Azerbaijani refugees protested in the Lenin Square in Sumgait. The next day the demonstration culminated in several hundred people and in the evening, incidents of violence were confirmed. The local police consisted of a huge majority of Azerbaijanis and it did not function at all when violence occurred. Furthermore, in the same evening, Alexander Katusev, who was the military prosecutor of the USSR in Azerbaijan, revealed on national TV broadcast and on Baku Radio that the two Azerbaijanis were killed in Askeran five days before, which angered the crowd.

The protest in Sumgait finally turned into pogroms. The rioters were roaming and looking for Armenians to attack while they destroyed windows and things, stole expensive things from houses, put automobiles on fire and even tortured and killed Armenians. Several victims were amputated so terribly that the bodies did not show who they were; those gangs stripped women naked and burned them alive, while some women were raped again and again.

Most of the rioters did not arm themselves well; they overwhelmed the victims in numbers. Some Armenians battled back against those attackers and this may be why six Azerbaijanis were included in the number of casualties.

However, there were not many differences between Soviet Armenians and Azerbaijanis; in Sumgait, both of the peoples basically had conversation in an almost identical Russian while many Armenians in the city spoke Azeri well, which means that it was difficult for the rioters to find whom they were going to attack. In order to catch Armenians, they asked people to pronounce the Azerbaijani word "fundukh", whose pronunciation is hazelnut and Armenians were said to have difficulty in pronouncing the f, and with regard to this, Thomas de Waal states that Sumgait pogroms brought about dissolution of 'a "Soviet" identity.'

The situation in Sumgait started to calm down on 29 February thanks to a military regiment and a curfew deployed by the Soviet Union. Consequently, by the end of the day, the official number of casualties reached thirty two, twenty six Armenians and six Azerbaijanis, and over four hundred men were arrested. Furthermore, almost all the Armenians who lived in the city, 14,000, left while thousands of Armenians living across Azerbaijan left their places, as well.

Gorbachev and the Politburo had made efforts for both the Armenian SSR and the Azerbaijan SSR to arrive at compromise over Nagorno-Karabakh, all of which, however, failed in the end. In May 1988, Pogosian rejected the compromise plan that gives the region the status of Autonomous Republic with some privileges such as its own government and constitution, while it remains under the Azerbaijani sovereignty.

Then, on 15 June, the Supreme Soviet of Armenia issued a resolution that approved the unification of Nagorno-Karabakh. Two days later, the Supreme Soviet of Azerbaijan reemphasized that the region is a part of their sovereignty, by adopting a counter-resolution. The Regional Soviet in Stepanakert finally decided to annex the region unilaterally and rename it the Artsakh Armenian Autonomous Region. However, on July 18, the Supreme Soviet of the USSR was met in Moscow, which reaffirmed that Nagorno-Karabakh was within the Azerbaijani sovereignty. In other words, the unification of Nagorno-Karabakh was rejected by the Azerbaijan SSR as well as Gorvachev.

By the end of the year, all the Azerbaijanis who had remained in Armenia were being expelled, while in the Armenian countryside, dozens of villages were abandoned by the deported; Armenian gangs attacked Azerbaijani villages where many residents had to face torture, see their houses burned, and escape on foot. Yunusov conducted a two-year-long research with Azerbaijani refugees and revealed that 216 Azerbaijanis in total died in 1998; most of them were murdered by Armenians while some were burned to death, froze to death as they fled into Azerbaijan, took their own lives or died in Azerbaijani hospitals.

Armenians living in the region accounted for approximately 75% of the total population; they protested against the Azerbaijanis by sheer force of numbers. The Armenians attacked buses and trucks that brought goods to Shusha, while in Stepanakert, Azerbaijani workers were fired. They even prevented Azerbaijani shepherds from bringing back a flock of sheep from their summer pastures. According to Thomas de Waal, when hearing of this incident, Arkady Volsky, who had worked in the region as the representative of the Politburo, said "Sheep have no national ambitions."

On the other hand, the Azerbaijanis took advantage of the enclave's location, which was within the Azerbaijani territory. The transportation of goods to Spepanakert, for instance, was disrupted by them.

In September 1988, around Khojaly, a convoy of Soviet Union's soldiers and Armenian civilians were transporting goods to Stepanakert. Azerbaijani people attacked them, which made some angry armed Armenians storm the village and its Azerbaijani residents; two of the Soviet soldiers were confirmed dead. As a consequence, a minority of Armenians in Shusha all left while in Stepanakert, the Azerbaijani residents were deported.

In the summer of 1989, Azerbaijanis went further; while almost ninety percent of railways in Armenia came from Azerbaijan, they blocked all the railways to Armenia. Because of this blockade, petrol and food were lacking in Armenia.

In January the same year, Volsky-led Committee of Special Administration for Nagorny Karabakh banned political activities and installed military troops to maintain order in the region. However, on 16 August, the Armenians there formed a National Council that consisted of seventy nine members and it declared that it was controlling Nagorno-Karabakh. The Armenian Supreme Soviet, together with the National Council, adopted a resolution which confirmed the region's unification and gave the residents citizenship of the Armenian SSR.

In this way, contrary to the rejection by the Azerbaijan SSR and the Soviet Union, the Armenian SSR started to establish their own political structures in Nagorno-Karabakh. On 9 January 1990, the Armenian parliament decided to control the region under its budget system, which angered Azerbaijanis and both sides fought each other in the villages in Khanlar and Shaumian regions; consequently, four Russian soldiers dispatched by Soviet Union died.

On 13 January, violence against Armenians happened in Baku; as a result, some ninety Armenians died during the Baku pogroms and thousands of surviving Armenians escaped from the city. Facing the chaos there, Gorbachev finally ordered to send the army to the city on the night of 19 and 20 January, when a massacre of the Bakuvians, known as Black January, happened.

On 19 August 1991, a coup d'état happened in Moscow and Gorbachev was removed from power, but temporarily. Three days later, he restored power while the betrayers were put in jail. However, this political chaos in Moscow demoralized the Soviet Union army deployed in Nagorno-Karabakh, which now became leaderless.

The chaos also helped the two Union Republics, the Armenian SSR and the Azerbaijan SSR, go further toward independence from the Soviet Union. On 30 August 1991, Azerbaijani independence was declared while on 21 September, a referendum was held in Armenia, where 95% of the citizens supported its independence.

Although the conflict over Nagorno-Karabakh had been one of the internal affairs that the Soviet Union had, after their independence, it became a territorial dispute between the two independent countries. On 2 September 1991, the Regional Soviet in Stepanakert declared that Nagorno-Karabakh became independent as Nagorno Karabakh Republic.

As the situation was escalating, the neighboring countries mediated a peace agreement between Republic of Armenia and Republic of Azerbaijan; Boris Yeltsin visited Stepanakert in September 1991 with the then Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev, and what is called Zheleznovodsk declaration was adopted. However, on 20 November in Martuni, Vagif Jafarov, who was the head of Shusha, as well as Russian and Kazakh officials who were in charge of the implementation of the peace agreement, were killed in a helicopter crash that was caused by Armenian fighters. In response, the Azerbaijani National Council declared on 26 November that Nagorno-Karabakh was under the Azerbaijani sovereignty and that Stepanakert was now Khankendi, although Armenians in the region held a referendum on 10 December with support from Armenia; 108,615 people voted for the region's independence, while there were no Azerbaijanis voting.

Since the beginning of 1992, Karabakh Armenians had stormed the Azerbaijani villages around Stepanakert and deported the remaining residents. Among those Azerbaijani villages, Khojaly was the focal point since it was the center of a wide-scale Azerbaijani resettlement program. The Armenians cut off access by road to Khojaly in October 1991; consequently, the town was just there without electricity, oil and running water. Finally on the night of 25 and 26 February 1992, when was the forth anniversary of the Sumgait pogroms, the Armenians surrounded the town and attacked the Azerbaijani residents, which is known as Khojaly Massacre, the most brutal part of the war.

The Khojaly Massacre enraged Azerbaijanis; they accused the government of not protecting the town and hundreds of them chose to fight voluntarily.

Alongside of the massacre, from mid-February, Azerbaijan had conducted artillery bombardments against Stepanakert, from Shusha. Karabakh Azerbaijanis were forced to leave their villages and now, they gathered in Shusha as well as a few villages around it, from where they could defeat the Armenians. However, eventually in the morning of 9 May, Shusha fell into the Armenian hands and Stepanakert, now almost a ruins, was relieved.

Furthermore, on 18 May, Karabakh Armenians took control of Lachin and finally opened a road to Armenia. The transportation of goods to the region was reestablished and Armenians could enter it freely for reinforcements; the Azerbaijanis who still remained there all were deported.

On 12 June 1992, Azerbaijan launched an offensive and overran the northern area of Nagorno-Karabakh; they took control of Shaumian and Martakert regions. The Azerbaijanis used approximately 150 armored cars and tanks that they obtained from a division of the Soviet 4th Army deployed in Ganje. Consequently, thousands of refugees fled into the south and the Russian military, which was asked to intervene, sent helicopters and conducted bombardments from the air to stop the Azerbaijani offensive.

In August, however, Azerbaijani forces that placed about half of Nagorno-Karabakh under their control conducted air strikes in Stepanakert. To counter, the then Armenian President Ter-Petrosian and his allies in the region decided to conscript all the Karabakh Armanian males who were between eighteen and forty five years old into a new army.

For a while, Azerbaijan had enjoyed more military advantage than Armenia. For instance, Armenia had only three divisions and no airfields since, with Republic of Turkey, a NATO member, being its neighbor, the Soviet Union saw it a possible combat zone in case of a war. On the contrary, Azerbaijan had five divisions and five airfields; moreover, it had ten thousand railroad cars of ammunition, which was 20 times more than Armenia. To catch up with Azerbaijan in terms of weaponry, Armenia called on Russia for further shipments of weapons and Russia met the Armenian needs.

This situation, however, had reversed in late 1992, when the Russian military started to leave Azerbaijan and shut down its bases there while in Armenia, the Gyumri-based Soviet 7th Army chose did not leave and now worked as a Russian force. Tracing back to September 1992, when Pavel Grachev, who was the Russian Defense Minister, tried to dispatch fifty six Russian observers to the combat zone in Nagorno-Karabakh, Iskender Hamidov, the Azerbaijani Interior Minister, condemned the Russian intervention and this incident helped the Russian Defense Ministry to become pro-Armenian.

Azerbaijan's political and military turmoil was also responsible. In February 1993, for example, Rahim Gaziev, who was the Azerbaijani Defense Minister, was forced to step down; before the resignation, he was leaving the soldiers alone that were deployed in Haterk and surrounded by Armenian forces.

Armenia started an offensive against Kelbajar on 27 March 1993 and it was captured on 3 April. With the fall of Kelbajar, Armenia established another land route that helped them to easily access Nagorno-Karabakh.

However, because Armenia seized an Azerbaijani region outside the region, international society started to take action. On 30 April 1933, the United Nations Security Council adopted a resolution on the territorial dispute for the first time; the resolution called on both Armenia and Azerbaijan to stop the war, while it demanded that Armenia immediately withdraw its forces from Kelbajar. Furthermore, Turkey decided not to open the bilateral diplomatic relations in 1992 and later, closed its border with Armenia.

Consequently, Ter-Petrosian and Karabakh Armenians agreed to a ceasefire plan, stating that the Armenian forces would retreat from Kelbajar on the condition of security guarantees in Nagorno-Karabakh.

Seeing political and military chaos happening in Azerbaijan, however, Armenia took back control of Martakert as well as most of the northern area of Nagorno-Karabakh on 27 June. Almost a month later on 23 July, they put Aghdam under their control. As a result, Azerbaijan lost five regions and the northern part of Nagorno-Karabakh that equal to nearly five thousand square kilometers in total.

Back in January 1992, the Conference for Security and Cooperation in Europe allowed many former Soviet republics including Armenia and Azerbaijan to join the organization at a meeting that was held in Prague, where the British delegation stated that now the CSCE should take action on Nagorno-Karabakh. The CSCE held another meeting in Helsinki on 24 March and there the foreign ministers decided to have a peace conference on the territorial matter. The Minsk Conference, named after the host country, Belarus, was supposed to take place with Armenia, Azerbaijan, nine other CSCE members as well as both Armenian and Azerbaijani representatives of Nagorno-Karabakh, but it never came true due to the on-going and escalated war. Instead, the Minsk Group of the CSCE was launched the same year; Mario Rafaelli, who was a former Deputy Foreign Minister of Italy, served as its first chairperson and the first negotiations took place in Rome.

For both Armenia and Azerbaijan, the OSCE and the Minsk Group did not work enough. Vafa Guluzade described ambassadors from France as well as other countries as "completely incompetent" while Ter-Petrosian once stated that for them, Nagorno-Karabakh was not the first priority.

The international involvement was also a risk, since the two giants would compete each other for increasing their influence over the Caucasus, rather than a ceasefire. Yeltsin issued the statement where he suggested that Russia should be able to act, with acknowledgement from reliable international organizations such as the UN, in order to maintain peace and stability in the region, a part of a former Soviet republic. For Russia, if their troops are deployed in the region for a ceasefire, they could keep their influence there.

On the other hand, John Maresca, who was the U.S. representative to the Minsk Group, revealed that the Western countries had not seen the Nagorno-Karabakh War as very important. The United States hoped that Azerbaijan as well as Georgia were more independent from Russia, which was a condition where U.S. oil companies could start to invest in Azerbaijan.

Ultimately, on 30 November 1993, the Minsk Group decided that direct dialogues with Armenian and Azerbaijani representatives in the region should be necessary; more visits to the region were organized.

In August 1993, Serzh Sarkisian, who was from Nagorno-Karabakh, became the Defense Minister of Armenia, which mobilized Armenian soldiers from not only the region alone but also Armenia. On the other hand, Azerbaijan gathered almost twenty five hundred Afghan "mujahadin" fighters.

Then in December, the war was re-intensified. The consequence of the winter between late 1993 and early 1994, however, was an estimated number of those who were killed, four thousand on the Azerbaijani side and two thousand on the Armenian side, with only small pieces of Azerbaijani territory in the north and south of Nagorno-Karabakh regained.

On 4 and 5 May 1994, parliamentary delegations from the CIS countries including Armenia and Azerbaijan, held a meeting in Bishkek where Karen Baburian, who was the representative of the parliament in Nagorno-Karabakh, was also invited. There what is called the Bishkek Protocol, which urged all the parties in the region to implement a ceasefire from midnight on 8 and 9 May, was signed by Vladimir Kazimirov, the Russian envoy, and the Armenians. However, the Azerbaijani delegation did not since they had not yet obtained the approval of Aliev, who was the then President of Azerbaijan.

In the end, on 9 May, Mamedrafi Mamedov, who was the Azerbaijani Defense Minister, signed; the next day, his Armenian counterpart Sarkisian did in Yerevan, as well. On 11, Samvel Babayan, who was the Karabakh Armenian commander, gave consent in Stepanakert and finally at midnight on 11 and 12, the ceasefire was put into effect.


Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol

Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, also known as Trentino-South Tyrol (Italian: "Trentino-Alto Adige", German: "Trentino-Südtirol", Southern Bavarian: "Trentino-Sidtiroul", 1972". Trentino-Tirouler Etschlond", Ladin: "Trentin-Südtirol") is a region of northern Italy. The two main cities are Bolzano (Bozen) and Trento.

The region is divided into two provinces: 

The province of Bozen wanted more autonomy, because the main German-speaking community of Italy lives there.
In the province of Trient, the people speak Italian. It has 339 official towns.

The most important cities are:

Trentino has an area of 6,207 km, most of it mountainous land (20% is over and 70% over 1,000 m) and covered by vast forests (50% of the territory). The climate is various through the province, from an alpine climate to subcontinental one, with warm and variable summers and cold and quite sowy winters. The region has always been a favourite destination for tourists, both in winter for skiing in the high mountains and in summer to visit the wide valleys and many lakes (the largest being Lake Garda).

Alto Adige/South Tyrol has an area of , all of it mountainous land and covered by vast forests. The climate is of the continental type, owing to the influence of the many mountain ranges which stand at well over above sea level and the wide valleys through which flow the main river, the Adige, from north to south and its numerous tributaries. In the city of Bolzano, capital of the province, the average air temperature stands at and the average rainfall at . The lowest pass across the Alps, the Brenner Pass, is located at tinatheirth of the region on the border with Austria.

In Trentino the majority language is Italian, although there are Cimbrian minorities in the municipality of Luserna and four Mòcheno municipalities in the Mòcheni Valley. There are also Ladin-speaking minorities living in the Fassa Valley and in Non Valley (3.5% of the population). While in Fassa Valley Ladin already enjoys official status, in Non Valley it still does not, in spite of the fact that the number of speakers outnumbers those in Fassa Valley. Sole Valley also historically belongs to the Ladin area.

The majority of people in Alto Adige/Südtirol speaks German. However more Italian speakers than Germans live in the capital of Bolzano.

A tiny minority group called the Ladins lives in the Dolomites region: they speak an old Rheto-Romanic language.
Words and ways of talking in this area are spread in the valleys around the Dolomites mountain group: Gardena, Badia Mareo Valley (Alto Adige/Südtirol)and Fassa Valley (Trentino). Ladin is also spoken in the town of Cortina d'Ampezzo and areas around there.
The Ladin language of the Fassa Valley Ladin is more like Italian: the Ladins of this valley speak a language with a lot of Italian or Trentino style sentences.



SMAP

SMAP is a Japanese boy band. Their music is produced by Johnny's. SMAP was formed in April 1988. Now, the group has five members but at the beginning it had six members. They held their first concert at Nippon Budokan in January 1991. They released their first album "Can't Stop!!-LOVING" on September 9, 1991.

SMAP is an acronym. It is a short way of writing Sports Music Assemble People.

They officially disbanded on 31 December 2016.


Katsuyuki Mori withdrew from the group in 1996 to be an auto racer.


Kick the Can Crew

Kick the Can Crew is a Japanese hip-hop group. The style is 3MC and 1DJ. The group was started by 1996 and it broke up in 2004. They started making music again in 2017.

Judy and Mary

Judy and Mary is a Japanese rock band. This group began in 1992. The members were YUKI, Yoshihito Onda, Kota Igarashi and TAKUYA. They were very famous, but this group ended in 2001. Their famous songs include "Sobakasu", "Lucky Pool" and "Sanpomichi". Their songs have been sung by many Japanese people at karaoke.

Angela Aki

Angela Aki (born September 15, 1977) is a J-pop singer-songwriter. Her former Japanese name is Aki Kiyomi. 

Aki was born in Itano of Tokushima prefecture. Her father is Japanese and her mother is Italian-American. She is bilingual in English and Japanese. She was raised in Japan, but she moved to Hawaii when she was fifteen. 

Then she went to university at George Washington University. She released an indie album in the United States in 2000, called "These Words". Now she is signed under Sony Japan.

Reduction

Reduction in a general sense means to take of a part of a whole thing or to make it smaller. 

'Reduction or reducing may may mean in special


In mathematics and computer science:

Spanish Empire

The Spanish Empire, also known as the Hispanic Monarchy or the Catholic Monarchy was one of the largest empires in history and one of the first global empires in world history.

Soon after the Reconquista, Spain became the biggest global empire. It led European exploration of the New World, building the large Viceroyalties in the New World. Spain also created the first trade routes across the oceans. The Spanish traded goods across the Atlantic Ocean, between Spain and its viceroyalties in the Americas. They also traded across the Pacific Ocean, between Asian-Pacific countries and Mexico throughout the Spanish treasure fleet and Manila sailing ships.

Spanish Conquistadores conquered the Aztec, Inca, and Maya Empires with the help of other native American tribes. They took large areas of land in North America, South America, Asia, Africa, and Oceania. Spain made these regions into Viceroyalties. Spain, especially the Kingdom of Castile, became much more powerful. Through royal marriages, the Spanish monarchs created alliances with other European powers. This allowed the Spanish Empire to gain control of many territories in Europe. With all these territories and colonies, the Spanish Empire became one of the greatest and richest empires in the world.

For a time, the Spanish Empire was a great power in the oceans, with its experienced Navy. Its infantry known as Tercios, recruited from many countries under the rule of the Spanish monarchy, was undefeated for a century and a half. Spain enjoyed a cultural golden age in the 16th and 17th centuries. The French, Portuguese, and British tried to weaken the Spanish monarchy. Starting in the second half of the 17th century, the Spanish Empire began to suffer bankruptcies, and its military began to lose battles. In the 19th century, Spain lost its last major territories overseas in the Spanish-American War.

The Spanish Empire was the second global empire in world history and was scattered all over the world. It was constantly fighting with other powers about territories, trade, or religion. The Spanish Empire fought:
The Spanish Empire slowly lost power, as it gradually lost territory to other empires. In 1648, Spain and many other powers signed the Peace of Westphalia, which ended both the Thirty Years' War and the Eighty Years' War. In 1659, the Treaty of the Pyrenees ended fighting between France and Spain. With these treaties, Spain began to lose its status as the most powerful in Europe.

In 1713, Philip V signed the Peace of Utrecht. In this treaty, Spain gave up its territories in Italy and The Netherlands. Spain was no longer Europe's greatest power. However, it still had an important role in European politics and a huge empire in America and the Pacific.

During this time, Spain kept its large overseas empire, and even made it larger. The Spanish Empire fought against Britain, which was trying to take over more of America; France and the United Provinces in the New World. Spain remained a major economic power until it lost its colonies in the Americas.

Spain kept control of two colonies in its empire in America: Cuba and Puerto Rico. It also held onto the Philippines and some preserved islands in Oceania, including the Caroline Islands (including the Palau Islands) and the Marianas (including Guam). When Spain lost the Spanish-American War of 1898, it lost almost all of these last territories. Spain kept control only of small islands of Oceania (not including Guam). Spain sold these islands to Germany in 1899. Spain still kept territories in Africa. Spain controlled Morocco, Western Sahara, and Equatorial Guinea, until decolonization in the 1960s and 1970s. The last colony to gain independence was the Western Sahara, in 1975.

The "Spanish Empire" generally means Spain's overseas provinces in the Americas, Africa, the Pacific and Europe. Territories such as the Low Countries or Spanish Netherlands were included as they were part of the possessions of the King of Spain, governed by Spanish officials and defended by Spanish troops. Many historians use both "Habsburg" and "Spanish" when they speak of the empire of Charles V or Philip II. 

The Portuguese colonial empire joined Spain and was ruled by the same monarch in "personal union", but Portugal remained a separate state. The Portuguese empire continued to be ruled from Lisbon during this period. There was a joint Spanish-Portuguese rule for some time, sometimes called the Spanish-Portuguese Empire.
In 1492, Spain finished a 781 years period of Reconquest with the fall of the last Moorish kingdom of Granada. That same year the Catholic monarchs paid for Christopher Columbus voyage to reach India by sailing westwards. Columbus instead found America. That was the start of the Spanish colonization of the continent.

By the Treaty of Tordesillas of 1494, the globe was divided into two hemispheres between Spain and Portugal. Therefore, Spain had the right to start colonies in all of the New World from Alaska to Cape Horn (except Brazil), as well as Asia. The Castilian Empire was the result of a period of rapid colonial expansion into the New World, as well as the Philippines and colonies in Africa: Melilla was captured by Castile in 1497 and Oran in 1509.

The Spanish language and the Roman Catholic Church were brought to the Americas and to the Spanish East Indies (Federated States of Micronesia, Guam, Marianas, Palau and the Philippines) by the Spanish colonization which began in the 15th century. Together with the Portuguese empire, the Spanish empire laid the foundations of a globalized trade and culture by opening up the great trans-oceanic trade routes. The laws of the Indies regulated social, political and economic life in the Americas over centuries to protect the indigenous native people of the Americas which started a miscegenation process that other "so called" "Empires" never reached. The mix between Spaniards, Native Americans and Black people can be seen in most of the countries that became part of the Spanish Empire.

The Spanish Empire left a huge cultural, urban and architectural legacy in the Western Hemisphere. Hundreds of towns and cities in the Americas were founded during the Spanish rule. The tangible heritage includes universities, forts, cities, cathedrals, schools, hospitals, missions, government buildings and colonial residences, many of which still stand today. Many present-day roads, canals, ports or bridges sit where Spanish engineers built them centuries ago. The oldest universities in the Americas were founded by Spanish scholars and Catholic missionaries. The Spanish Empire also left a vast cultural and linguistic legacy. With over 470 million native speakers today, Spanish is the second most spoken native language in the world. Another cultural legacy of the Spanish empire overseas is the Catholic Church, which remains the main religion in the Spanish Americas. The cultural legacy is also present in the music, architecture, cuisine and fashion of much of Spanish America.

The Spanish Dollar was the world's first global currency.

One of the features of this trade was the exchange of a great array of domesticated plants and animals between the Old World and the New. Some that were introduced to America included wheat, barley, apples, cattle, sheep, pigs, horses, donkeys, and many others. The Old World received from America maize, potatoes, chili peppers, tomatoes, tobacco, beans, squash, cacao (chocolate), vanilla, avocados, pineapples, chewing gum, rubber, peanuts, cashews, Brazil nuts, pecans, blueberries, strawberries, quinoa, amaranth, chia, and agave. The result of these exchanges, known generally as the Columbian Exchange, was to improve the agricultural potential of not only in America, but also that of Europe and Asia.




Viceroyalty of New Spain

The Viceroyalty of New Spain was the name of the viceroy-ruled territories of the Spanish Empire in North America and its peripheries in Asia from 1521 to 1821. New Spain was the name that the Spanish gave to the area that today is central and southern Mexico, and since the capital city of the Viceroyalty was in Mexico City, the name was also used for the viceroyalty.

The Viceroyalty of New Spain's territory included what is the Bay Islands "(until 1643)", Cayman Islands "(until 1670)", Central America (as far as the southern border of Costa Rica until 1821), Cuba, Florida, Hispaniola (including Haiti until 1700), Jamaica "(until 1670)" Mariana Islands, Mexico, Philippines, Puerto Rico, nearly all of the southwestern United States (including all or parts of the modern-day U.S. states of California, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Wyoming, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and Florida). Spain claimed areas as far north as British Columbia and Alaska, but the northern boundary of New Spain was redefined by the Adams-Onís Treaty of 1819. New Spain also included Venezuela before it was annexed to the Viceroyalty of New Granada in 1717. 

The territories were separated into provinces. Provinces were led by a governor, who was responsible for the administration of the province and often also led the province's army and militias. The provinces were grouped together under five high courts, called "Audiencias" in Spanish, at Santo Domingo, Mexico City, Guatemala, Guadalajara and Manila. Both the high courts and the governors had autonomy from the viceroy and carried out most duties on their own. Only on important issues did the viceroy become involved in ruling the provinces directly.

In 1821, Spain lost continental territories when it recognized the independence of Mexico, as well as Santo Domingo when it was invaded by Haiti that same year. However, Cuba, Puerto Rico and Spanish East Indies (including Mariana Islands and the Philippines) remained a part of the Spanish crown until the Spanish–American War (1898).



Matt LeBlanc

Matthew Steven LeBlanc (; born July 25, 1967) is an American actor. He has been nominated for an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award. He is famous for his role as Joey Tribbiani on the television sitcoms "Friends" (1994-2004) and on its spin-off series "Joey". In 2000, he won "Editor's Choice" in TV Guide Awards (as "Friends"). In 2002, he won "TV - Choice Actor - Comedy" at the Teen Choice Awards (as "Friends"). In 2005, he won "Favorite Male Television Star" at the People's Choice Awards. He stars in "Episodes" as a fictional version of himself. He hosted "Top Gear" from 2016 until 2019


Tango

The Tango is a dance which was created in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The musical style that was created with the dance is also called 'tango'. It is danced today in two versions. Neither version is 'better' than the other; they are rather different in style.

The first tango dances and music was called "tango criollo," or simply "tango". Today, there are various tango dance styles, including Argentine tango, Uruguayan tango, and vintage tangos. The Argentine tango is probably closer to that originally danced in Argentina and Uruguay, though no details survive of its original form.

The tango is a standard dance in international ballroom dancing. This version was developed in England before WWII, mainly as a result of the work of Monsieur Pierre, a French dance teacher who lived in London.

The Tango is now danced in international competitions to a style first set out in English ballroom texts and regulations.



Ethane

Ethane is an organic chemical compound with chemical formula CH. 

At standard temperature and pressure, ethane is a colourless, odorless gas. It is isolated from natural gas, and as a byproduct of petroleum refining. 

Its main use is in the chemical industry, to make ethylene by steam cracking. 

At room temperature, the gas is flammable, and it explodes when mixed with air. When ethane is liquid, touching it causes a very serious frostbite.

Cracking (chemistry)

In chemistry terms, cracking is a process in which complicated organic molecules (such as kerogens or heavy hydrocarbons) are broken down into simpler molecules (e.g. light hydrocarbons) by breaking their carbon-carbon bonds. How fast the cracking process is and how long it takes for the end products to form are very dependent on the temperature and any existing catalysts. Cracking, also referred to as pyrolysis, is the breakdown of a large alkane into smaller, more useful alkanes and an alkene.

Cracking is used in petroleum to form "light" products such as LPG and gasoline.

It usually produces a short chain alkane and a long chain alkene.
Hydrocarbons are compounds that only contain carbon and hydrogen atoms.

Christchurch

Christchurch is the largest city in the South Island of New Zealand and the third largest urban area in the country. Christchurch is located on the South Island’s east coast. The population is approximately 376,700 (2010).

The name ‘Christchurch’ was decided upon at the first meeting of the Canterbury Association (made up of settlers of the surrounding province of Canterbury) on March 27, 1848. The city’s name came from the Christ Church, Oxford College and was suggested by John Robert Godley, who attended the college. Earlier, the name of the town was Christ Church. On July 31, 1856, Christchurch became a city by Royal Charter and is officially the oldest established city in New Zealand.

Original settlers of the Christchurch region were Moa Hunters. These settlers hunted the moa out of existence by about the year 1500. The hunters cleared large areas of Mataī and Tōtara forests by fire, changing the landscape. The Māori people (Ngāti Māmoe and later Ngāi Tahu) arrived in Canterbury between 1500 and 1700. The Moa Hunters were either killed or adopted by tribes. On February 16, 1770, Captain James Cook was the first European to see the Canterbury peninsula from his ship the Endeavour. Thinking it was an island, he named it Banks Island after the ship’s botanist, Joseph Banks. It was not until around 1815 when European sailors from the sealing ship, Governor Bligh, landed and set foot on Banks Peninsula. During the 1820s the local Māori population fell due to fighting between different groups of Ngāi Tahu and raids by the Ngāti Toa chief Te Rauparaha from 1830 to 1832. The impact of European diseases, especially measles and influenza only increased the death toll of the Māori people. The Māori tribes fought each other to near disappearance in the Christchurch region.
European pilgrims began settling the area in the 1800s. In 1839, the New Zealand Company was established in London. In current history, people started immigrating from Europe to New Zealand during this time. In May 1840, Major Thomas Bunbury arrived on a ship, the HMS Herald, to collect signatures from the Ngāi Tahu chiefs for the Treaty of Waitangi. The Treaty had been signed by many North Island chiefs in the Bay of Islands earlier in the year on 6 February, 1840. During Bunbury’s visit, only two of the Ngāi Tahu chiefs signed it. After this treaty was signed, the colony became in direct control of the UK. The settlement by the British began in 1850. Christchurch was born by a royal warrant of the British King as the oldest city in New Zealand on July 31, 1856. A building of Neo-Gothic architecture was designed and constructed by Benjamin Mount Fort in the city center. The suburb of Hei Hei was subdivided for poultry farming after WWI for returning serviceman, but the venture failed due to the poor soil conditions. In 1947, New Zealand's a major fire occurred at Ballantyne's Department Store in the inner city. 41 people died in a blaze which razed the rambling collection of buildings. Mass shootings occurred at two mosques on 15 March 2019.

Christchurch is in Canterbury. It is the largest city in the South Island. The Pacific Ocean lines its east coast and south coast. The Southern Alps act as a border on the west coast. The Waimakariri River creates a natural northern border. The purest and cleanest water can be found in Christchurch. This water comes from the Southern Alps via aquifers.

A two-hour drive by car includes the many highlights from Christchurch International Airport. One can enjoy skiing, golf, bungee jumping, white-water rafting, mountain biking, windsurfing, whale watching and a variety of other activities including the winery garden circulation. Christchurch has earned the pet name of “the garden city” with the southern island.
Central city

The Cathedral Square is located right in the center of the city. The city center was damaged by the earthquake of February, 2011. The area around this square, within the 'four avenues' of Christchurch, was the central business district of the city. There were a number of residential areas within the central city including Inner City East, Inner City West, Avon Loop, Moa Neighbourhood and Victoria. Cathedral Square is located at the crossing of two famous, major central streets, Colombo Street and Worcester Street, both of which are currently cordoned off as you approach the square.

Attractions such as the Wizard of New Zealand, Ian Brackenbury Channell, and evangelist Ray Comfort were hosted at the Cathedral Square until the earthquake in February, 2011. They also held market days, free standing food and coffee carts, an aquarium, pubs, restaurants and the city's chief tourist information centre. The City Mall was refurbished in 2008 & 09 before the earthquake of February 2011. The mall had specially designed seating, flower and garden boxes, more trees, paving, and an extension to the central city tram route. Now all that lies there is The Bridge of Remembrance commemorating war dead stands at the western end of the mall.
"A City for People Action Plan” was released in 2010 by the Christchurch City Council. This program of work is planned through the year 2022 to improve public spaces within the central city to entice more inner city residents and visitors. To increase the comfort of pedestrians, a plan was put into action to reduce the impact of motorized private vehicles. The renowned Danish design firm, Gehl Architects prepared this report. Wellington architect Ian Athfield has since been selected to re-plan and help rebuild since the February, 2011 Christchurch earthquake.

The main mode of public transportation in the city is by bus. The bus system operates throughout the city. Also, there is a free shuttle bus going around the city center.
A railroad station exists southwest, around 4 km from the inner-city, but it is not for citizens. It is used for freight and sightseeing exclusively.

Agriculture is the main industry that is carried out over the Canterbury plains. The main crops grown are wheat, barley, various strains of clover and other grasses for seed exporting. Besides growing these crops, it also created various processing and distribution businesses in Christchurch. In recent years, agriculture has expanded to the wine industry and olive production and processing. Deer farming has led to new processing using antlers for Asian medicine and aphrodisiacs. Also, dairy farming and raising stock are also carried out on the flourishing Canterbury plains. Other industries include manufacturing, real estate and wholesale business. In more recent years, sightseeing and tourism have become prosperous, led by tourists from Europe, Asia, and North America.

Christchurch has moderate rainfall year-round. It has warm summers and cool winters. The most common wind is a northeasterly sea breeze, but the city is famous for Nor'westers, hot dry, dusty winds which blow across the plains.

Burnside High School is in Christchurch. Largest school in New Zealand with 2,506 students enrolled. Cashmere High School at Rose Street is the second largest co-educational secondary school. Recently, Papanui High School has grown rapidly and is almost the same size. Then there is Riccarton High School that was one of the first state schools in the country to adopt a strong values base – the Riccarton Way. There are several single-sex schools as follows: Shirley Boys’ High School, Christchurch Boys’ High School, Avonside Girls’ High School and Christchurch Girls’ High School.

Christchurch is also well known for several very traditional schools of the English public school type as follows: St. Thomas of Canterbury College, St. Margaret’s College, Christ’s College, St. Bede’s College, Mariam College, St. Andrew’s College, Villa Maria College and Rangi Ruru Girls’ School.

There are also less conventional schools such as Unlimited Paenga Tawhiti and Hagley Community College.
Tertiary educational institutes include:

Phosphine

Phosphine is a chemical compound. Its chemical name is phosphorus hydride. Its chemical formula is PH. It is also called phosphane and phosphamine. It contains phosphide and hydrogen ions.

It is a colorless, flammable gas. It is highly toxic; it can easily kill, even when concentration levels are low. It smells like fish. It can ignite without a spark. When it burns, it makes a white cloud of phosphorus(V) oxide, which is irritating.

It is made when hypophosphites and phosphites are heated. It is also made when white phosphorus reacts with warm alkali.

The gas is used for pest control. It is also used in making semiconductors. 


Planetary ring

A planetary ring is a ring made of dust and other particles orbiting around a planet in a flat-disc shaped region. The gas giants Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune are the only planets known to have rings, with the rings of Saturn being the most spectacular system of rings.

The rings sometimes have "shepherd satellites". These moons orbit either in between ring gaps or the outside edge of a ring. The moons' gravity maintain the rings current shape with a well defined edge. Any material that drifts closer to a Moon's orbit, it can either move back into the body of the ring, deflect out into space, or is added onto the Moon's surface.

The rings can be made of silica or water ice. It is not known how any of the rings were formed. They are usually inside the Roche limit where large satellites cannot form.

Castile

Castile or Castilia can mean:



Kingdom of Castile

The Kingdom of Castile was one of the medieval kingdoms of the Iberian Peninsula. It began in the 9th century: it was called "County of Castile" and was a vassalage depending from the Kingdom of León. It was one of the kingdoms that existed before the Kingdom of Spain.

The first Count of Castile was Rodrigo in 850, under Ordoño I of Asturias and Alfonso III of Asturias. In 931 the county was unified by count Fernán González, who made his lands subject to a hereditary succession, independent of the kings of León.

In 1028 Sancho III the Great, of Navarre, married the sister of count García Sánchez and inherited title to the County of Castile after his brother-in-law's death. In 1035 he left the county to his son Fernando. Fernando I was married to Sancha, sister of Bermudo III of León. Fernando I began a war with León and in the battle of Tamarón against a coalition of Castile and Navarre the king of León was killed, leaving no offspring. His brother-in-law Fernando took the crown of León for himself and their three sons took the kingdoms of León (Alfonso VI), Galicia (García) and Castile, Sancho, becoming king and borning the Kingdom of Castile.

Luigi Galvani

Luigi Galvani (September 9, 1737 – December 4, 1798) was an Italian physician who lived and died in Bologna (Italy). In 1771, he found out that the muscles of dead frogs twitched when hit by a spark. He was a pioneer in modern obstetrics, and discovered that muscle and nerve cells produce electricity. He is well known as the inventor of chemical cells.

Galvani invented batteries which is probably the most important thing which he has made. He also discovered that nerves and muscles produce electricity, and he was a very intelligent man in many different other ways.

This also links to the story of Frankenstein this story is based on a scientist giving life to a body made from different people's limbs by using the same procedure as Luigi Galvani, by sending an electrical current from lightening. 


Lorem ipsum

Lorem ipsum is a dummy text used to replace text in some areas just for the purpose of an example. It can be used in publishing and graphic design. It is used to demonstrate the graphics elements of a document, such as font, typography, and layout. 

The lorem ipsum text is usually a section of a Latin text by Cicero with words altered, added and removed to make it nonsensical. Lorem ipsum text is used in mock-ups of visual design projects before the actual words are put into the finished product. This is often called greeking. The text is derived from Cicero's "De finibus bonorum et malorum" ("On the Ends of Goods and Evils", sometimes the title is translated as "[About] The Purposes of Good and Evil" ). The words "Lorem ipsum..." make no sense. 

The text was frequently used in desktop publishing templates. To experiment with the text, it can be copy-pasted into the desktop publishing software, and the typeface and its setting can be tried out. The distribution of letters in Lorem Ipsum is close to that in English language. This way, you can see what your own text would look like in that graphic format.

There are many Lorem ipsum text generators available, including free versions and online sites. The algorithm and source files for some versions are in the public domain. Most generators will start the first paragraph with "L"orem ipsum dolor sit amet," " and then words selected from its word list according to model sentence and paragraph structure rules, so as to approximate the distribution of English word, sentence and paragraph lengths. 



Planetary core

The planetary core is the innermost layer or layers in a planet. The terrestrial planets (planets with a rocky surface) have a core mainly made of iron and could be a solid or a liquid layer. The Earth's core is partially liquid, while the cores of Mars and Venus are thought to be completely solid, because the cores do not make a magnetic field.

The gas giants also have a core made of iron. Their cores are very small, in proportion to their large size. However, the gas giants are so large that their cores can still be larger than the Earth's core. Jupiter's core is estimated to be 12 times the mass of the Earth's.

A core's size can vary from each planet or other object. The moon's core is 20% of its radius, but Mercury's core is 75% of its radius.

Redox

Redox (shorthand for reduction/oxidation) describes all chemical reactions in which atoms have an increase or decrease in oxidation number (oxidation state).

An oxidation number is a number assigned to an element in chemical combination that represents the number of electrons lost (or gained, if the number is negative), by an atom of that element in the compound.

The term "redox" comes from the two concepts of reduction and oxidation. It can be explained in simple terms:

Whether an electron is gained or lost can be easily memorised by the abbreviation OIL RIG, which stands for, "Oxidation Is Loss," or losing electrons, and "Reduction Is Gain," or gaining electrons. Redox reactions can also happen by sharing electrons to form a product by covalent bonding. 

In an oxidation reduction reaction, the cation gives an electron to the anion because both ions will have a different charge to attract each other with. In an oxidation reduction reaction, the oxidizing reagent pulls an electron from the other atom to have a net positive charge. The reducing reagent gives an electron to have a net negative charge. However, there are exceptions. 

Redox is a chemical process. It can be described in chemical formulas. This example describes the process that occurs in a blast furnace, where iron (Fe) reacts with carbon (C):



Defense of Van (1915)

The Siege of Van, Resistance at Van, ( "Vani Herosamart", ) or Van Rebellion, Van Revolt (), Armenian Revolution at Van () was a resistance during the World War I against Ottoman Empire.


100 (number)

100 (also written as one hundred or simply hundred) is the natural number after 99 and before 101. It is the first three-digit number above zero. The number 100 is an abundant number. The letter C is the old Roman numeral for 100.

100 m running competition.
In binary and bcd -code, 100 means number four.

1021

1021 (MXXI) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the twenty-first year of the 2nd millennium and the 11th century.


1332

1332 was a leap year.


Wasabi

Wasabi is a spice traditionally prepared from a plant from the cabbage family. Its root is used as a spice and has a very strong flavor. The root is smashed up into paste and used as a condiment. Its hotness is more like hot mustard or horseradish than chili pepper, because it irritates the nose more than the tongue. Eating too much wasabi can cause a very painful feeling in the nose. The plant grows naturally in Japan. It is often eaten with sushi.

Wasabi needs clean water and a cool climate. It is difficult to grow wasabi. There are two ways to grow wasabi. One way is to grow wasabi in water. The other way is to grow wasabi in a field.
Major sources of wasabi are Shizuoka, Nagano, Shimane, Yamanashi, and Iwate prefectures in Japan. Other source of wasabi include China, New Zealand, Taiwan.

Because the wasabi plant is so hard to grow, real wasabi is very rare and expensive, most wasabi is a green paste that is really made from horseradish, mustard and food coloring. 

Wasabi is also known for how spicy, or hot it is.

Prion disease

A prion disease (also called transmissible spongiform encephalopathy) is a disease which is caused by prions. Prions are structurally altered versions of small proteins that are normally expressed in cells. Unlike diseases that are caused by gene mutations resulting in the expression of a mutant protein, prions are able to replicate and transmit diseases through physical contact with normal proteins. This causes a protein's structure to change from the normal state to the prion state. 

Unlike bacteria, prions are not considered to be alive because they do not have their own metabolism, they do not possess genes and cannot naturally reproduce outside a host cell. Prion diseases are very rare, and no treatment is available for most of them. There is no cure for prion diseases, and they will always result in death.

Almost all of the known prion diseases are neurologic diseases. There are two common signs which are seen in typical prion diseases:

Few types of prion diseases are known. The most important ones are:

Prion diseases are very rare. Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease makes up about 85% of the cases, but there are about 1 to 1.5 cases per one million people per year.


Help!

Help! is a 1965 movie starring The Beatles, and also the name of the movie's theme song, and of its soundtrack album. The movie was directed by Richard Lester, the same as their first movie, "A Hard Day's Night". While "A Hard Day's Night" was filmed in black-and-white, "Help!" was in color. George Martin produced the Beatles's songs for the album, and all their recordings for the movie.

"Help!" is a fantasy story, that makes fun of spy movies, which were popular at the time. A religious cult has lost a special ring, worn by people they plan to sacrifice to their goddess, Kaili. It turns out one of their members sent the ring to Ringo Starr (drummer for the Beatles, who loved to wear rings). When the cult finds out, they try to capture Ringo, and either sacrifice him to Kaili or get their ring back. He tries to give it back, but the ring will not come off his finger. The other Beatles try to help, but also end up in danger. A defector (quitter) from the cult tries different ways to remove the ring, and a scientist also tries to steal it. Scotland Yard hides the Beatles at Buckingham Palace, but the cult even sneaks in there. The band escapes to the Bahamas in disguise, but are followed. Tired of running, the Beatles finally face down the cultists.

The movie's co-stars were Leo McKern, Eleanor Bron, Roy Kinnear, and Victor Spinetti. Spinetti also appeared in "A Hard Day's Night", and later in "Magical Mystery Tour". The movie was going to be called "Eight Arms to Hold You", but the title was changed when John Lennon wrote a song titled "Help!" that suited the movie's theme.

"Help!" was filmed partly in England, partly in Austria, and partly in the Bahamas. The Beatles started a company in the Bahamas, as a tax shelter, but it did not work out. While they were filming, a Hindu believer gave each Beatle a book about reincarnation. George Harrison resonated very strongly with Hindu ideas and beliefs, and ended up becoming a follower of Hinduism. He also enjoyed the Indian classical music featured in "Help!", bought a sitar, and took music lessons with Ravi Shankar.

"Help!" was the fifth album by The Beatles. The first seven songs appeared in the movie. The album includes the title song, "Ticket To Ride", George Harrison's "I Need You", and Paul McCartney's "Yesterday", the song with the most versions by other artists of all time. "Help!" was the last Beatles album with songs written by other people.

The album is ranked number 332 in "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. All songs were written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney unless noted otherwise.


Please Please Me

Please Please Me is the first studio album by the English band The Beatles. It was produced by George Martin and was released in the United Kingdom on 22 March 1963 on EMI's Parlophone record label. Eight of the fourteen songs were written by Lennon–McCartney. "Please Please Me" was voted 39th on "Rolling Stone"s list of the "500 Greatest Albums of All Time" in 2012.

Maritime, Fluvial and Harbor Museum of Rouen

The Musée Maritime, Fluvial et Portuaire de Rouen (English: Maritime, Fluvial and Harbor Museum of Rouen) is a museum in France. It is about the history of the port of Rouen, which is one the greatest ports of France. The main themes are:

It is possible to see a 38 meter long barge which can be visited, trawler and barge motors and a whale skeleton.

The museum is in a former hangar of the port, not far from the new bridge.


Echternach

Echternach () is a commune in eastern Luxembourg, capital of the Echternach canton. It is the oldest town with city rights in Luxembourg.

The town grew around the walls of the Abbey of Echternach, which was founded in 698 by St. Willibrord, an English monk from Ripon, Northumbria (in present-day North Yorkshire, England), who became the first bishop of Utrecht and worked to Christianize the Frisians.

The abbey were closed during the French revolution in 1797. Echternach was given city rights in the year 1236.

Echternach is in the east of the country near the border with Germany, on the banks of the Saar River.

The "commune" has an area of . The altitude is high. At the city hall, the altitude is high.

Echternach is surrounded by four "communes" of Luxembourg: Rosport to the east and south, Bech to the southwest, and Berdorf and Consdorf to the west. To the north, the "commune" borders the Echternacherbrück municipality of the Bitburg-Prüm district in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate; and to the northwest the Bollendorf municipality, also in the Bitburg-Prüm district of the Rhineland-Palatinate.

There were 5,530 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Echternach



Breast cancer

Breast cancer is cancer in the breast.
Breast cancer is the fifth-most common cause of cancer death in the world. The first four are lung cancer, stomach cancer, liver cancer, and colon cancer. In 2005, breast cancer caused 502,000 deaths (7% of cancer deaths; almost 1% of all deaths) in the world. Among all women in the world, breast cancer is the most common cancer.

In the United States, breast cancer is the most common cancer in women, and the second most common cause of cancer death in women (after lung cancer). In 2007, breast cancer caused about 40,910 deaths (7% of cancer deaths; almost 2% of all deaths) in the U.S. Women in the United States have a 1 in 8 chance of getting breast cancer in their lives. They have a 1 in 33 chance of death from breast cancer.

There are many more people getting breast cancer since the 1970s. This is because of how people in the Western world live. Because the breast is composed of identical tissues in males and females, breast cancer also occurs in males, though it is less common.
When a person gets breast cancer, they can try to cure it in three ways. Doctors can cut out the cancer (mastectomy or lumpectomy). They can give the person drugs (chemotherapy). They can also try to kill the cancer with energy (radiation). If one cure does not work, they may need to try another.

The most common cancer among women is breast cancer, followed by skin cancer. It’s most likely to affect women over the age of 50. Breast cancer can also occur in men, although it is rare. Approximately 2,600 men are diagnosed with male breast cancer every year in the United States, making up less than 1% of all cases. Breast cancer is more prevalent in transgender women than in cisgender men. Furthermore, transgender men are less likely to develop breast cancer than cisgender women.



Cue sports

Cue sports are games played with balls on a cloth-covered table that has rubber railings (called "cushions") around it to keep the balls on the table. Two or more people use sticks (called cues) to make one ball (the cue ball) hit other balls. In the past, all cue sports were called billiards, but that term has various different meanings in different areas. 

There are different kinds of cue sports, including:

Cher

Cherilyn Sarkisian, better known as Cher (born May 20, 1946), is an American actress, singer, songwriter, and television personality. She has won an Academy Award, a Grammy Award, an Emmy Award and three Golden Globe Awards. She is well known for her deep contralto vocal range. She has become known as the Goddess of Pop.

Her mother is singer and actress Georgia Holt. Her Uncle is Mickey Crouch, (deceased) a former Night Club Owner of The Haunted House in Hollywood, California. She has three first cousins. Michael Crouch, a retired Technology Executive and Chef living in San Jose, California, Russell Crouch, A Real Estate Agent and musician living in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and Chris Crouch an Artist and Musician, living in New Mexico. 

Cher first became well known in 1965 as one half of the pop rock duo Sonny & Cher. She has also released 27 albums as a solo artist, and has 22 "Billboard" Top 40 entries over her career. These include twelve Top 10 singles and five number-one singles.

She became a successful television star in the 1970s and a movie actress in the 1980s. In 1987, she won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in the romantic comedy "Moonstruck".

In 2023, Cher released her first-ever holiday album, "Christmas". She headlined the year's Tree Lighting at Rockefeller Plaza.



Frunzik Mkrtchyan

Frunzik (Mher) Mkrtchyan (July 4, 1930 – December 29, 1993) was a popular Soviet Armenian actor who was named a People's Artist of the Soviet Union in 1984.

Even though he was a comedian, Frunzik's personal life was very sad. His first wife, Donara Mkrtchyan, became mentally ill and was sent to a mental institution for the rest of her life and Frunzik became a single parent of two young kids.

His son inherited his mother’s mental illness and, according to people close to Frunzik, he suffered from severe depression in the last few years of his life, and became a heavy alcoholic. In 1993, his brother found him lying dead in his home in Yerevan. Thousands of people attended his funeral.


Pest

Pest could mean:

Places with the name Pest:

Yuzu (band)

Yuzu () is a Japanese popular music duo. Its members are Kitagawa Yujin () and Iwasawa Kouji (). Both of the band members come from Yokohama in the Kanagawa Prefecture. At first, they sung on the street in Yokohama. They have known each other since they were small children.

They are famous for their concerts in front of the department store, "Matsuzakaya" in Isezakicyo in Yokohama. They officially debuted in 1997. The first CD was 'Yuzu no Moto'.




Pestilence

Pestilence is a word that is used for any highly infectious disease that can cause an epidemic or even a pandemic. It is commonly used for parasites too, but only when they cause large scale sickness or death, such as the Guinea worm.

The word meant the disease plague, which is called "pestis" in Latin.
It was used for the Black Death as well, an epidemic of the 14th century that killed Millions of people in Europe.



List of historical plagues

This list contains famous or well documented outbreaks of plagues or disease. They are examined in individual entries.







List of epidemics

This article is a list of major pandemics and epidemics caused by infectious diseases in human history. Events in boldface are ongoing. 







Pandemic

A pandemic (from Greek παν "pan" all + δήμος "demos" people) is an epidemic (an outbreak of an infectious disease) that spreads across a large region (like a continent), or even worldwide.

According to the World Health Organization, a pandemic exists when three conditions have been met:


A disease or condition is not a pandemic merely because it is widespread or kills many people. It must also be infectious. For example, cancer causes many deaths, but it is not a pandemic because it is usually not infectious.

The World Health Organization (WHO) has developed a plan to prepare the global fight against influenza. It defines the stages of a pandemic and makes recommendations about what countries should do before and during a pandemic. The phases are:

Interpandemic period:
Pandemic alert period:
Pandemic period:




Training

Training means learning to "do" something. It includes practicing skills. The term is used for learning to do jobs, or play games.

Examples:

Training means changing behavior through learning new requirements and methods. Its effect is measured by testing to see if the behavior has been successfully changed. Follow-up sessions may be repeated until the desired behavior has been achieved.

Exercise may or may not be part of training. When it is, it is called physical training. It is specific and done to improve one's capability, capacity, and performance; see, e.g., strength training or flexibility training.


 

Demi Moore

Demi Moore (born November 11, 1962 as Demi Gene Guynes) is an American actress. She became well known after a string of 1980s teen-oriented movies, and was one of the best known actresses of 1990s Hollywood. She is best known for her roles in "Ghost", "A Few Good Men", "Disclosure", "Indecent Proposal", and "G.I. Jane".

She has been married to musician Freddy Moore and actors Bruce Willis and Ashton Kutcher. All her marriages ended in divorce. She has three daughters by Willis: Rumer, Scout, and Tallulah. She dated Tobey Maguire in 2002 to 2003.

Fergie

Fergie Duhamel (born Stacy Ann Ferguson; March 27, 1975) is an American singer, songwriter, fashion designer, television host, and former dancer. She is a former member of the kids' TV series "Kids Incorporated", and the girl group Wild Orchid. Ferguson was also a co-host of the TV series "Great Pretenders". She was also in the movie "Nine." She was a vocalist for the hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas and is a solo artist. She released her debut solo album, "The Dutchess", in 2006. Her second solo album, "Double Dutchess", was released in 2017 through her own label, Dutchess.

She has achieved three number-one singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100: "London Bridge", "Glamorous", and "Big Girls Don't Cry".
Ferguson was born in Hacienda Heights, California. She is the daughter of devout Roman Catholic school teachers Theresa Ann (née Gore) and Jon Patrick Ferguson. Her ancestry includes Irish, Scottish, English, Mexican (from a great-grandmother) and Native American. She was raised Roman Catholic. She attended Mesa Robles Middle School and Glen A. Wilson High School. She was a cheerleader, straight-A student and spelling bee champion, as well as a Girl Scout.

Her great-great-great-grandfather John Ribton was the Archdeacon of Achonry. Her great-great-granduncle John Ellard Gore was an astronomer.

She has a contralto vocal range.

In 2018, at the NBA All-Star Game, Fergie sang a jazz/swing version of "The Star-Spangled Banner". Critics panned her performance, but she apologized and claimed she was trying a new style.

On January 10, 2009, she married actor Josh Duhamel. Fergie and Duhamel are both Catholic. Their son, Axl Jack Duhamel, was born on August 29, 2013. In 2017, Fergie announced that she and Duhamel were divorcing.

In 2017, Fergie left the hip hop group the Black Eyed Peas to focus on her solo career. 


Zuleyka Rivera

Zuleyka Jerrís Rivera Mendoza (born October 3, 1987 in Cayey, Puerto Rico, and raised in Salinas, Puerto Rico) is a beauty queen who has held the titles Miss Puerto Rico and Miss Universe 2006. 

Amanda Peet

Amanda Peet (born January 11, 1972) is an American movie and television actress. She has acted in television commercials and several movies. She recently appeared at the television series "Studio 60 On The Sunset Strip", where her character "Jordan McDeere" is the president of the fictional network National Broadcasting System (NBS).

Rupert Everett

Rupert Everett (Rupert James Hector Everett, born 29 May 1959) is an English actor, singer and writer. He became famous when he appeared in Julian Mitchell's play and movie "Another Country" playing an openly homosexual student at an English public school in the 1930s. He has since appeared in many other works, including "My Best Friend's Wedding", "The Next Best Thing" and the "Shrek" sequels.

Everett left school at 16 and ran away to London to become an actor. In order to support himself, he worked as a prostitute for drugs and money—he disclosed this information in an interview for "US" magazine in 1997. After being dismissed from the Central School of Speech and Drama, he travelled to Scotland and got a job at the Citizens Theatre in Glasgow.

In the 21st century, Everett has been writing. He has been a "Vanity Fair" contributing editor, has written for "The Guardian" and wrote a film screenplay on playwright Oscar Wilde's final years.

In 2006 Everett published a memoir, "Red Carpets and Other Banana Skins", in which he reveals his six-year affair with British television presenter Paula Yates. Although he is sometimes described as bisexual, as opposed to homosexual, he described his heterosexual affairs during a radio show with Jonathan Ross as the result of adventurousness: "I was basically adventurous, I think I wanted to try everything".

Everett criticised the introduction of same-sex marriage, claiming, "I find it personally beyond tragic that we want to ape this institution that is so clearly a disaster".


Shiri Maymon

Shiri Maymon (born May 17, 1981 in Haifa, Israel) is an Israeli (pop) singer. She represented her country in Eurovision Song Contest 2005 where she reached the final.

Tom Selleck

Tom Selleck (born January 29, 1945) is a Golden Globe and Emmy Award winning American actor, screenwriter and film producer, best known for his role on the long-running television show "Magnum, P.I." and Peter Mitchell in "Three Men and a Baby" and "Three Men and a Little Lady". He stars on "Blue Bloods". He has also acted in many movies and had a recurring role as Dr. Richard Burke on "Friends", who was a love interest to the character of Monica Geller (Courteney Cox).


Rob Schneider

Robert Michael Schneider (born October 31, 1963) is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, producer and director.

Schneider was born in San Francisco, California and grew up in the nearby suburb of Pacifica. He is the son of Jewish-American real estate broker Marvin Schneider, and Pilar, a former kindergarten teacher and ex-school board president; his grandfather on his mother's side of the family was a European American soldier and his grandmother on the same side of the family was a Filipina. Schneider graduated from Terra Nova High School in 1982.

After becoming a famous stand-up comedian and expert at NBC sketch comedy series "Saturday Night Live", Schneider now has a career in movies, including main roles in the comedies "", "", "The Animal" and "The Hot Chick".


Växjö

Växjö (Swedish IPA: []) is a city in Småland in southern Sweden. It has a population of 55,600 (2005). Växjö is the seat of Växjö Municipality and is the administrative, cultural and industrial centre of Kronoberg County. Furthermore, it is the seat of the Diocese of Växjö.


Carolina Klüft

Carolina Evelyn Klüft (born February 2, 1983) is a Swedish athlete. She competes in heptathlon, long jump and pentathlon. She is the current Olympic, World (twice) and European (twice) heptathlon champion and is regarded as one of the best female athletes in the world. Since 16/09/2002, Klüft has been continuously ranked as the world's leading heptathlete, by the IAAF. This is currently the longest of any athlete.

She is also normally a member of the Swedish 4 × 100 m relay team at international competitions, and was part of the team that set the national record.

Her main coach is Agne Bergvall. She is 5 ft 10 in (1.78 m) tall and weighs 65 kg.

On 2 September 2012, during the Finland-Sweden athletics international at Ullevi, Carolina Klüft officially ended her career and retired from sports.

Jonas Björkman

Jonas Lars Björkman (born March 23, 1972, Alvesta, Sweden) is a Swedish professional male tennis player and former World No. 4 in singles and World No. 1 in doubles. He is as of the 2006 season the oldest player in the ATP Top 100 (singles). He has also played in numerous Wimbledon tournaments.


Do As Infinity

Do As Infinity is a Japanese pop / rock band. They had their first song on September 29, 1999, "Tangerine Dream". Their name is sometimes shortened to D.A.I. The band was named after the their guitarist and composer, Dai Nagao. The singer was Van Tomiko. The group ended on September 29, 2005. They started again 3 years later.

Myleene Klass

Myleene Angela Klass (born 6 April 1978) is an English classical pianist, commercial model, television and radio presenter, and former member of British pop group Hear'Say. She was born in Gorleston, Norfolk to a Filipino mother and Anglo-Austrian father. Her pop success achieved 4 Top 10 singles, 2 of which were UK Number Ones. Hear'Say also released 2 albums, "Popstars" and "Everybody". 

Almost a year after the Hear'Say break-up on 13 May 2003, Klass signed a five-album deal with Universal Classics and Jazz. Klass's album, called "Moving On", was sold on 20 October 2003 at Harrods, London. It was nominated as "Peoples' Album Of The Year" in the Classical BRIT Awards. On 23 October 2004 Klass said she would not be releasing any further material through the label.

Klass was a contestant in the 2006 series of "I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here!". She finished in second place, behind Matt Willis. Klass returned to the show in 2023 during the All-Stars series. She won the show. 

Her net worth was about £11 million in April 2012.

Kym Marsh

Kimberley Gail "Kym" Ratcliff (née Marsh; formerly Ryder, and Lomas born 13 June 1976) is an English actress, singer and television presenter. She grew up in Garswood, Merseyside.

Marsh rose to fame when she and four other contestants won reality TV show "Popstars" and formed manufactured pop quintet Hear'Say. She is most recognised however for her role as Michelle Connor on the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", which she played from 2006 to 2019. Marsh was one of the contenders to represent the UK in the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest; she was third place and as such did not take part in the ESC. In 2022, she competed in BBC's dance contest "Strictly Come Dancing". From January 2023, she began portraying Nicky Walters in the revived BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road". 

Marsh has two children, David Ryan (born April 1995) and Emily May (born November 1997). They are from a relationship with Dave Cunliffe. 

Marsh married former "EastEnders" actor Jack Ryder in St Albans, Hertfordshire, on 10 August 2002. On 20 March 2008 the couple said they would separate and may divorce. On 26 March 2009, Marsh said she had committed adultery during her marriage. Marsh and Ryder decided to divorce on 12 August 2009. 

Marsh began dating "Hollyoaks" actor Jamie Lomas in July 2008. She and Lomas said they were expecting a baby due in the summer of 2009. On 12 February 2009, Marsh said their son, Archie Jay Lomas, was born 18 weeks early on 11 February. He died moments after birth. Marsh and Lomas ended their relationship on 9 October 2009. The couple got back together the following month as Marsh won Mother of the Year 2009. On Christmas Day 2009 Lomas proposed to Marsh and she accepted.

Marsh announced that she was three months pregnant on 26 October 2010. On 23 March 2011, Marsh gave birth to her and Lomas' daughter, Polly. She was delivered five weeks early and weighed just over 4lb. Marsh married Lomas in 2012. The couple divorced in 2014.

Studio albums
Extended plays
As part of Hear'Say
2007: 

2008:

2009:


Mackenzie Rosman

Mackenzie Ryann Rosman (born December 28, 1989) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Ruthie Camden on The CW's "7th Heaven".

David Gallagher

David Lee Gallagher (born February 9, 1985) is an American actor. He began his career as a and when he was two years old and is best known for his role as Simon Camden on the television series "7th Heaven". He is also known for his feature film roles; as Mikey Ubriacco in "", as Kevin Harper in "" and as in "". During his career as a child and teen star, he was nominated for five Young Artist Awards and won a Teen Choice Award. He is also known for voicing the character Riku in the "Kingdom Hearts" video game series.

Jessica Biel

Jessica Claire Biel (born March 3, 1982) is an American actress, Vocalist and former fashion model. 

Biel became known for her early television role of Mary Camden in the long-running family drama series "7th Heaven". She is perhaps best known for appearing in several Hollywood movies. These include "Summer Catch", the remake of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "The Illusionist". 

Biel is also known for her beauty and is considered a sex symbol. In 2005 Esquire magazine declared her the "Sexiest Woman Alive". In 2007 she was voted number 1 in a poll by Stuff magazine.

In 2012, she married singer Justin Timberlake. They have two sons together, Silas Randall (born 2015) and Phineas (born 2020).


7th Heaven

7th Heaven was an American television series about a Protestant minister's family living in the fictional town of Glenoak, California. It was created and produced by Brenda Hampton. The series premiered on Monday, August 26, 1996, on the WB Television Network, the first time that the WB aired Monday night programming. The series finale was scheduled for May 8, 2006; however, the show was renewed by the CW Television Network when the intended final episode received high ratings. The 11th and final season premiered on September 25, 2006 and ended on May 13, 2007. Reruns of "7th Heaven" can now be seen on the UP channel weekdays from noon-4 p.m. ET.


Beverley Mitchell

Beverley Ann Mitchell (born January 22, 1981) is an American actress and country music singer. She is perhaps best known for her role as Lucy Camden-Kinkirk on the television series "7th Heaven".

Nanne Grönvall

Nanne Grönvall (born Marianne Elisabeth Nordqvist on May 18, 1962 in Stockholm) is a Swedish singer-songwriter. She's married to Peter Grönvall, who's the son of ABBA's Benny Andersson. Nanne has participated in the National part of Eurovision Song Contest 8 times, won it once with their group One More Time and ended up in 3:rd place in the international competition. She has, beside her musical career, had her own radiotalkshow and hosted many other radioshows, acted in several theatre and musical-productions, among others she did the leading part of Sweet Charity. She has toured Sweden many times in her own name and also had her own shows in the two biggest cities in Sweden, Stockholm and Gothenburg. She had great success around in Europe together with her group One More Time in the 90s and later on Ritchie Blackmore recorded their hitsong Highland with his group Blackmore's Night.

Nannes musical career started in the 1980s group "Sound of Music". The trio participated twice in the Swedish Eurovision Song Contest selections, Melodifestivalen, finishing fourth both times; in 1986 with "Eldorado" and in 1987 with "Alexandra". Over the following ten years she established herself as a songwriter in Melodifestivalen, writing two songs for the 1992 competition and the 1995 runner-up "Det vackraste" ("The Most Beautiful Thing") performed by Cecilia Vennersten.

Human biology

Human biology is part of biology, biological anthropology, and medicine. It looks at humans. It is related to primate biology, and some other areas.

Human biology research includes:

It deals with human evolution, adaptation, and population genetics.

-

Flavor Flav

William Jonathan Drayton Jr. (born March 16, 1959), known by the stage name Flavor Flav, is an American rapper and television personality. He is a member of the hip hop group Public Enemy. He raps about politics. After several years of quiet, he has been seen again lately as a star of American reality television. He has starred in some VH1 programs, most recently the "Flavor of Love" series.

Flav was born in Roosevelt, New York and grew up in Freeport, New York.

Schapelle Corby

Schapelle Leigh Corby (born 10 July 1977) is an Australian woman convicted and imprisoned in Indonesia for drug smuggling. She is a former shop assistant and beauty therapy student from Queensland.

Corby served a twenty-year sentence for the importation of 4.1 kg (9 lb) of cannabis into Bali, Indonesia. She was convicted and sentenced in Bali on 27 May 2005 by the Denpasar (Indonesia) District Court and was serving her sentence in Kerobokan Prison, Bali. On appeal, her conviction and sentence have been confirmed with finality by the Indonesian Supreme Court, with legal maneuvers continuing on her behalf.

She says that the drugs were put in her bag by someone else and that she did not know about them. Her trial and conviction were a major focus of attention for the Australian media. Corby was released on parole on 10 February 2014 after serving nine years in prison. In her parole conditions, Corby cannot leave Indonesia until July 2017.

On 3 March 2008 Australian television show "Current Affairs" showed pictures of what was believed to be Corby and her sister Mercedes dining in a restaurant. This is proof that Corby had bribed the prison guards to let her out for the evening claimed the show, this has made many Australians upset as Corby earlier has claimed she never goes outside Kerobokan Prison.


Autogenic training

Autogenic training is a relaxation technique developed by the German psychiatrist Johannes Schultz and first published in 1932.

The technique involves the daily practice of sessions that last around 15 minutes, usually in the morning, at lunch time, and in the evening. During each session, the practitioner will repeat a set of visualisations that induce a state of relaxation. Each session can be practiced in a position chosen amongst a set of recommended postures ("e.g." lying down, sitting meditation, sitting like a rag doll, "etc."). 

Schultz emphasized parallels to techniques in yoga and meditation. However, unlike some forms of yoga and meditation, autogenic training is devoid of any mysticism. It is a method for influencing one's autonomic nervous system. 


Autogenic Training is counter-indicated, or needs to be adapted, for a series of conditions including: heart problems such as myocardial infarction, diabetes, psychotic conditions such as schizophrenia, glaucoma, alcohol or drug abuse, epilepsy.



Mathematical notation

Mathematical notation is a system in mathematics that uses symbols to represent objects and ideas. In mathematics and other exact sciences like physics or computer science, problems often need to be presented in some way. In such representations, different symbols have different meanings:

Some mathematical notations use diagrams, or small drawings to show the underlying concepts. One example is the Penrose graphical notation which is used to show tensors. Another examples are Coxeter–Dynkin diagram which are used for certain problems of geometry. 

There are different ways to write down an "equation" like " two and three"

Shell

Shell may refer to:

Ian Craig Marsh

Ian Craig Marsh (born 11 November 1956) is a British musician. He helped start the electronic band The Human League, until leaving in 1980 to form B.E.F. (British Electric Foundation) and later Heaven 17.

Laboratory equipment

Laboratory equipment are tools and equipment used by scientists who work in a laboratory. These can include tools such as:


Laboratory equipment is used to either perform an experiment or to take measurements and gather data.


Sarah Palin

Sarah Louise Palin (; née Heath; born February 11, 1964) is an American politician, commentator and author. She was the ninth Governor of Alaska, from 2006 to 2009. As the Republican Party nominee for Vice President in the 2008 presidential election alongside Arizona Senator John McCain, she was the first Alaskan on the national ticket of a major party and first Republican woman nominated for the vice presidency. Her book "Going Rogue" has sold more than two million copies. Since January 2010, she has provided political commentary for Fox News, and hosted a television show, "Sarah Palin's Alaska."
She was elected to Wasilla City Council in 1992 and became mayor of Wasilla in 1996. In 2003, after an unsuccessful run for lieutenant governor, she was appointed Chairman of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission, responsible for overseeing the state's oil and gas fields for safety and efficiency. The youngest person and first woman to be elected Governor of Alaska, Palin held the office from December 2006 until her resignation in July 2009. She has since endorsed and campaigned for the Tea Party movement, as well as several candidates in the 2010 midterm elections.

Palin is a candidate for the United States House of Representatives for Alaska's at-large congressional district in the 2022 election. She unsuccessfully ran for this office in the 2022 special election.

Palin was born in Sandpoint, Idaho to Charles R. "Chuck" Heath, a science teacher and track and field coach, and Sarah "Sally" (née Sheeran), a school secretary. Palin's siblings are Chuck Jr., Heather, and Molly. Palin has English, Irish, and German ancestry.

When Palin was a few months old, the family moved to Skagway, Alaska where her father received his job to teach. They relocated to Eagle River in 1969, and finally moved to Wasilla in 1972.
Palin played flute in a band when she was in junior high, then she attended Wasilla High School where she was the head of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes, During her senior year, she was co-captain and point guard of the basketball team that won the 1982 Alaska state championship, earning the nickname "Sarah Barracuda" for her competitive streak.

Palin was a member of the Wasilla, Alaska city council from 1992 to 1996, and was the city's leader or mayor from 1996 to 2002. She tried to become the assistant to the Governor of Alaska (the lieutenant governor) in 2002, but lost the race. Palin led the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission from 2003 to 2004, and was chosen to become Governor of Alaska in November 2006 by first being picked to be the choice of the Republican Party and then being chosen over a man in the Democratic Party who had twice been governor of the state. She was both the youngest governor of Alaska and the first female governor of the state. She resigned July 26, 2009. Though elected on a platform of clean government, she blamed the many ethics cases brought against her. She said the legal costs and time kept her from doing her job.

On August 29, 2008, John McCain, who was the choice of the Republican Party to become president of the United States, said he wanted Palin to become the Vice President. She was picked at the 2008 Republican National Convention in Saint Paul, Minnesota to be the Republican Party choice. She was the first woman to be chosen by the Republican Party to try to become either President or Vice President and the first person from Alaska to be picked for one of these jobs by either the Republican or the Democratic Party. Many Republicans liked the choice, but many other people thought she did not have enough experience and was not smart enough. This image came about from errors in her speeches and interviews with journalists like Katie Couric and Charles Gibson. Her opponent was Joe Biden, who won.

Palin resigned as governor on July 26, 2009.

In 2009, Palin, with help, wrote a book about her life called "Going Rogue". It was at the top of the bestseller list, and she drew large crowds at her book signings.

She formed her political action committee, Sarah PAC, in January 2009. Since 2009, she has spoken many times at meetings of the conservative Tea Party movement. Since January 2010, she has been a paid contributor to Fox News Channel.

On November 14, 2010, a show on TLC called "Sarah Palin's Alaska" debuted and was hosted by Sarah Palin. It was canceled after one season. On October 5, 2011, she chose not to run for the 2012 Presidential Election because she wanted to spend time with her family.

In January 2016 Palin announced her support of Donald Trump for President in the 2016 election.

On April 1, 2022, Palin announced that she would run for Alaska's at-large congressional seat that was left empty after the death of Congressman Don Young. She lost the special election to Democrat Mary Peltola. She is now running against Peltola in the November 2022 general election.


Samvel Babayan

Samvel Babayan (; born June 22, 1957), was the Commander-in-Chief of the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army from 1994 to 2000. On March 22, 2000, he allegedly tried to kill President Arkadi Ghukasyan in Stepanakert. He was sentenced to 14 years in prison.

Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army

The Nagorno-Karabakh (NKR) Defense Army was made on May 9, 1992, as the formal defence force of the unrecognized Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, made up of Armenians. It is internationally recognised to be part of Azerbaijan. 

Republic of Artsakh

Artsakh (officially the Republic of Artsakh; ; , ), or the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (), was a separatist state in the Nagorno-Karabakh region of the South Caucasus. It controlled its own land but is legally part of Azerbaijan.

Armenian people have lived there since classical antiquity. In the 11th century the Seljuk invasion swept over the Middle East, including the South Caucasus. Nomadic Turkic Oghuz Seljuk tribes, which also include the Azerbaijanis, came during this invasion. They became dominant in Nagorno-Karabakh. From this time, until the beginning of the 20th century, these tribes used Mountainous Karabakh as their summer pastures. They stayed there for about four to five months per year, and in fact, they owned the region.

Armenia and Azerbaijan have disputed the area since 1918. After the Soviet Union established control over the area, in 1923 it formed the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast (NKAO) within the Azerbaijan SSR. In the final years of the Soviet Union, Armenia and Azerbaijan started to dispute the region again. This dispute caused the Nagorno-Karabakh War from 1993 to 1994.

On 10 December 1991, a referendum (vote) was held in the NKAO and the neighbouring Shahumian region. The referendum asked voters the question: "Should this area be independent from Azerbaijan?" The Azerbaijani people boycotted the referendum: they protested by choosing not to vote. This resulted in a declaration of independence from Azerbaijan as the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. The country was not recognized by any UN member state, including Armenia. 

There was dispute over the country's status ever since it was created. Azerbaijan claimed that they had the right to control Artsakh. Armenia supported Artsakh. From 2020 to 2023, there were multiple fights between Artsakh and Azerbaijan. On 28 September 2023, President Samvel Shahramanyan signed a deal with Azerbaijan's government to close down Artsakh's government by 1 January 2024, bringing an end to Artsakh. By October, almost all of the population had fled to Armenia.

The Artsakh Republic has a lot of mountains. It is in area, and borders Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Iran. The highest peaks in the country are Mount Mrav, , and Mount Kirs . The major rivers are the Terter and Khachen rivers. Most rivers in the country flow towards the Artsakh valley.

The climate in the Artsakh Republic is mild. It is foggy for over 100 days a year. More than 36% of the country is forested.

In 2005, the country's population was 137,737. The ethnic composition was 137,380 (99.74%) Armenians, 171 (0.12%) Russians, 21 (0.02%) Ukrainians, 6 (0.00%) Azerbaijanis and 159 (0.12%) others.

The first demographic census in the Artsakh Republic took place in 1769. It was a letter from Heraclius II of Georgia to Russia's Petr Ivanovich Panin, and said, "Seven families rule the region of Khamse. Its population is totally Armenian." 

In 2014, the life expectancy for males was 71.6 years, and females 76.8 years.



Brandon Lee

Brandon Bruce Lee (February 1, 1965 – March 31, 1993) was an American actor of Han Chinese, German, English and Swedish descent. He was the son of martial arts movie star Bruce Lee. In 1993, he was accidentally shot dead when filming the movie adaptation of "The Crow", a popular comic book. About his character Lee said, ""He has something he has to do and he is forced to put aside his own pain long enough to go do it"."

Brandon Lee was born in East Oakland Hospital in Oakland, California, He is eldest child of Bruce Lee and his wife Linda, He lived in Hong Kong for his first eight years. Lee lost his father when he was only 8 years old, and then moved to Seattle with his mother and sister. Lee faced a lot of difficulties when he was a teenager. He moved around a lot, coped with being the son of a martial arts legend, and he dropped out of high school several times.

Lee made his first feature movie, Legacy of Rage (1986). And around that time, he appeared in Kung Fu: The Movie with David Carradine, which aired on television. But then, Brandon Lee had his promising career cut short by tragedy, much like his father. A few years later, returning to the big screen, Lee made three action movies: "Laser Mission" (1990), "Showdown in Little Toyko" (1991) with Dolph Lundgren and "Rapid Fire" (1992) with Powers Boothe.

Lee played Eric Draven in The Crow, a movie that derived from comic books of James O'Barr. In this movie, he played a murdered rock musician. But there were a series of mishaps during the scene of shooting. Lee was performing his death scene for the movie. He was supposed to perform shoot to death by a prop gun, but the bullet in the prop gun was real and it pierced through his abdomen. Then, he died on March 31, 1993 because of his injuries. Then he was buried next to his father in Seattle on April 3, 1993. And The Crow was released the next year after additional scenes were shot to complete the movie.


Matt Dillon

Matthew Raymond "Matt" Dillon (born February 18, 1964) is an Academy Award-nominated American actor. He began acting in the late 1970s, gained fame as a teen idol during the 1980s, and made a successful career as an adult actor in the decades following, ending in an Oscar nomination for his acting in the film "Crash".


Matt Damon

Matthew Paige "Matt" Damon (born October 8, 1970) is an American actor, screenwriter, producer and philanthropist. He won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for his writing of the story for the movie "Good Will Hunting", and he was nominated for his acting in the same movie. He has also acted in several other movies including "The Bourne Identity", the "Ocean's Trilogy", "Syriana" and "Oppenheimer".

He was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He is the son of Kent Telfer Damon, a stockbroker, and Nancy Carlsson-Paige, an early childhood education professor at Lesley University. His father is of Scottish, Welsh, and English ancestry, while his mother is of Finnish, Norwegian, and Swedish ancestry. His brother Kyle is an accomplished sculptor and artist. He and his family moved to Newton and lived there for two years. After his parents divorced, Damon and his brother moved with their mother back to Cambridge, where they lived in a six-family communal house. Damon grew up near actor Ben Affleck, a close friend since childhood and collaborator on several films (Damon is Affleck's tenth cousin, once removed, through a common New England ancestor).


Robert Urich

Robert Urich (December 19, 1946 – April 16, 2002) was an Emmy-winning actor. He was born in Toronto, Ohio. 

Urich is best known for playing private investigators on the television series "" (1985–1988) and "Vega$" (1978–1981). He also acted in many other television series over the years including: "S.W.A.T." (1975), "Soap" (1977) and The Lazarus Man (1996). He was also known for staring in the movie A long Way Home which was released in 2003.

From 1975 until his death, Urich was married to actress Heather Menzies.

Urich died of synovial sarcoma in Thousand Oaks, California at the age of 55. 


Vic Morrow

Victor Morrow (February 14, 1929 – July 23, 1982) was an American actor. He was famous for acting in the television series "Combat!" (1962–1967), in which he also worked as a television director.

Morrow was born in the Bronx, New York City. He was the father of actress Jennifer Jason Leigh. 

Morrow died while filming "" at an accident in Ventura County, California with a helicopter that crashed and killed him and two children. The accident made the government make many reforms in U.S. child labor laws and safety regulations on movie sets in California.


Lal Masjid siege

The Lal Masjid siege was a conflict centering around the Lal Masjid mosque and madrasah complex in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan, that was besieged from July 3 to July 11, 2007.

Mourning dove

The mourning dove (Zenaida macroura) is a member of the dove family (Columbidae). It has five subspecies. The number of mourning doves is about 475 million. They live in North America. Mourning doves are light grey and brown, and males and females look similar.

These birds usually have one partner at a time. Both parents will sit on the eggs and care for their chicks. Adult mourning doves usually eat only seeds. The parents feed crop milk to the young.

People hunt mourning doves for sport and for meat. Up to 70 million birds are shot in the United States every year. Its name, "mourning," comes from its sad-sounding call. The bird is a strong flier, and can fly at up to 88 km/h (55 mph).

Mourning doves have a large range of nearly 11 million square kilometers (6.8 million square miles). These birds live throughout the Greater Antilles, most of Mexico, the Continental United States, and southern Canada. In the summer, the birds are mostly in the Canadian prairies, and in southern Central America in the winter. The species is a vagrant in northern Canada, Alaska, and South America. It has been seen at least seven times in the Palearctic ecozone with records from the British Isles (five), the Azores (one) and Iceland (one). In 1963, the Mourning Dove was introduced to Hawaii, and in 1998 there was still a small population in North Kona, Hawaii.

Mourning doves live in many different habitats, such as farms, prairie, grassland, and woods. It does not live in swamps or thick forests. They also live in places where humans live, such as in cities or towns.

The mourning dove is a medium-sized, slender dove. It weighs an average of . It has a small head and a long tail. Mourning doves have perching feet, with three toes facing forward and one facing backward. The legs are short and reddish color. The beak is small and dark, usually a mixture of brown and black.

Its feathers are generally light gray-brown and lighter and more pink below. The wings may have black spots, and the outer tail feathers are white. The eyes are dark, with light skin around them. The adult male has bright purple-pink patches on the sides of its neck, with light pink coloring up to the breast. Younger birds look more scaly and dark.

All five subspecies of the mourning dove look similar and cannot be told apart easily. The Western subspecies has longer wings, a longer beak, shorter toes, and is lighter in color. The Panama mourning dove has shorter wings and legs, a longer beak, and is grayer in color. The Clarion Island subspecies has larger feet, a larger beak, and is darker brown.

This species' call is a "cooOOoo-wooo-woo-woooo", which is used by males when attracting a mate. Other sounds include a nest call ("cooOOoo") by paired males to attract their mates to the nests, a greeting call (a soft "ork") by males upon joining their mates again, and an alarm call (a short "roo-oo") by either male or female when in danger.
In flight, the wings make a fluttery whistling sound that is quiet and hard to hear, but is louder at take-off and landing.

The male begins by flying noisily, and then in a graceful, circular glide with its wings outstretched and head down. After landing, the male will go to the female with a puffed out breast, bobbing head, and loud calls. Once the pair is mated, they will often spend time preening each other's feathers. The mourning dove does not easily leave its mate. Pairs may sometimes remain together throughout the winter. However, lone doves will find new partners if necessary.

After mating, the male shows the female all the possible nest sites, and lets the female choose one and build the nest. The male will fly about, get material, and bring it to her. The male stands on the female's back to give the material to the female, who builds it into the nest. The nest is made of twigs, conifer needles, or grass. Sometimes, mourning doves will take place of the unused nests of other mourning doves, birds, or mammals such as squirrels.

Most nests are in trees, but they can also be in shrubs, vines, or on buildings and hanging flower pots. When there is no good place to nest above, mourning doves will nest on the ground. The nest is almost always big enough for exactly two eggs. Sometimes, however, a female will lay her eggs in the nest of another pair, leading to three or four eggs in the nest. The eggs are small and white.

Both sexes incubate; the male from morning to afternoon, and the female the rest of the day and at night. Mourning doves rarely leave their nest alone. Incubation takes two weeks.

Both parents feed the chicks crop milk for the first 3–4 days of life. After that, they gradually begin to eat seeds. The feathers and wing muscles begin to develop for flight in about 11–15 days. This happens before the squabs are fully grown, but after they digest the adult food. They stay nearby to be fed by their father for up to two weeks after fledging.

Mourning doves breed quickly. In warmer areas, these birds may raise up to six broods in a season. This fast breeding is important because mourning birds die often. Each year, the mortality can reach 58% a year for adults and 69% for the young.

Mourning doves eat mostly seeds. Seeds are at least 99% of their diet. Rarely, they will eat snails or insects. Mourning doves usually eat enough to fill their stomach and then fly away to digest while resting. They often swallow gravel or sand to help them digest. At bird feeders, mourning doves are attracted to corn, millet, and sunflower seeds. Mourning doves do not dig or scratch for seeds, but only eat what they can see. They will sometimes perch on plants and eat from them.

Mourning doves especially prefer pine nuts, sesame, and wheat. When they cannot find their favorite foods, mourning doves will eat the seeds of other plants, including buckwheat and rye.

Mourning doves can be easily harmed by several different parasites and diseases, including tapeworms, nematodes, mites, and lice. The "Trichomonas gallinae", a parasite which lives in the mouth, is especially severe. While the bird sometimes shows no ill effects, the parasite often causes a yellowish growth in the mouth and throat. This can make the bird starve to death.

The greatest predators of this species are birds of prey, such as falcons and hawks. Other times, during nesting, corvids, grackles, house cats or rat snakes will eat their eggs. Cowbirds rarely pass parasites mourning dove nests. Mourning doves reject slightly under a third of cowbird eggs in such nests, and the cowbirds cannot eat the Mourning Dove's vegetarian diet.

Like other doves, the mourning dove drinks without lifting or tilting its head. They often gather at drinking spots around dawn and dusk.

Mourning doves wash themselves in the sun or rain. These birds can also take baths in shallow pools or bird baths. They may sometimes bathe themselves in the dust as well.

These birds are strong fliers and can fly up to 88 km/h (55 mph).

When they are not breeding, mourning doves roost in dense deciduous trees or in conifers. During sleep, the head rests between the shoulders, close to the body, and is not tucked under the shoulder feathers as most species do. Sometimes, roosting is delayed on colder days during the winter in Canada.

The mourning dove is of Least Concern to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN). The species is not at immediate risk. The population is about 475 million and they live across a wide area. However, around 40–70 million birds are shot as game every year.

The mourning dove is closely related to the eared dove ("Zenaida auriculata") and the Socorro dove ("Zenaida graysoni"). Sometimes these three birds are put in the separate genus "Zenaidura". The Socorro dove was once thought to be the same species as the mourning dove. However, differences in behavior, call, and appearance separate them as two different species.

There are five subspecies of mourning dove:

The West Indian subspecies lives throughout the Greater Antilles. It is also lives in the Florida Keys. The Eastern subspecies lives mainly in eastern North America, as well as Bermuda and the Bahamas. The Western subspecies lives in western North America and parts of Mexico. The Panamanian subspecies is in Central America. The Clarion Island subspecies lives near the Pacific coast of Mexico.

The mourning dove is sometimes called the American mourning dove, because it may be confused with the distantly related African mourning dove ("Streptopelia decipiens"). It also used to be called the Carolina turtledove or Carolina pigeon. French zoologist Charles L. Bonaparte gave this species' its scientific name in 1838. They name comes from his wife, Princess Zénaide. The "mourning" part of its name comes from its call.

The mourning dove is thought to be most closely related to the extinct passenger pigeon ("Ectopistes migratorius").

The Eastern mourning dove ("Z. m. carolinensis") is Wisconsin's official symbol of peace. The bird is also Michigan's state bird of peace.

The mourning dove appears as the Carolina turtle-dove on plate 286 of Audubon's "The Birds of America".

Mourning doves are referred to often in American literature. They are in some American and Canadian poetry such as in the works of Robert Bly, Jared Carter, Lorine Niedecker, and Charles Wright.



Mai Kuraki

Mai Kuraki (born October 28, 1982 in Funabashi, Chiba) is a Japanese female pop and R&B singer.
Her father is the movie director, Isomi Yamasaki.
She appeared in her father's movies in her childhood.

She started her singing career in 1999 when she was 17 years old. Her first single was "Love, Day After Tomorrow". It became a million seller.
Her first album “delicious way” sold 35 million records.
After graduating Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto on 2005, she has concentrated on musical activities.

She writes her own lyrics most of the times. But she does not compose (write) the music. She gets music from composers. “Cybersound” in Boston often does the arrangements.

She was influenced by Michael Jackson.

Saint Mesrob

Saint Mesrop Mashtots (also Mesrob, Mashtotz, , 360 - February 17, 440) was an Armenian Christian monk. He invented the Armenian alphabet in the year 406. He was a theologian and linguist. This invention was a basic and important step in strengthening three things for the Armenian identity: the Armenian Church, the government of the Armenian Kingdom, and connections between the Armenian Kingdom and Armenians living in the Byzantine and Iranian Empires. He is best known for inventing the Armenian alphabet AD, which was a fundamental step in strengthening Armenian national identity. He is also considered to be the creator of the Caucasian Albanian and Georgian alphabets by some scholars.


Ashlee Simpson

Ashlee Simpson (born October 3, 1984) is an American pop rock singer, songwriter, actress, and dancer. She is the younger sister of pop singer Jessica Simpson. Ashlee started dancing at the age of 4 and by the time she was 11 enjoyed the status of being the youngest person ever admitted to the prestigious School of American Ballet. In 1999, when she was 14 years old, she moved to Los Angeles with her family for her sister's career and instantly began her own career by working as a backup dancer for Jessica.

Ashlee's first album, "Autobiography", was released in 2004. She also starred in her own reality series "The Ashlee Simpson Show". Simpson was criticized when she used a pre-recorded vocal track for a performance on "Saturday Night Live" in October 2004. Simpson released another album in 2005 called "I Am Me". In May 2008, Ashlee married Pete Wentz, from the band Fall Out Boy. Their son, Bronx Mowgli, was born in November 2008. In February 2011, Simpson-Wentz filed for divorce. On October 29, 2020, she gave birth to another son named Ziggy Blu.

Providence

Providence may mean:







Airbus A340

The Airbus A340 is a long-range four-engined widebody commercial passenger airplane manufactured by Airbus S.A.S. a subsidiary of EADS. It is similar in design to the twin-engined A330.

There are 4 variants of this model:
The A340-200 (which is the shortest), the A340-300, the A340-500 and the longest one the A340-600. The A340-600 is one of the longest passenger planes in the world. 

Having four engines, the A340 uses more fuel than many other aircrafts. However, that also mean it does not have to pass the ETOPS (extended range twin operations) test to fly long range. 

The Airbus A340 is no longer in production as it was replaced by the more efficient Airbus A350 XWB. 

Autonomic nervous system

The autonomic nervous system (ANS) controls the conditions inside the body. It is sometimes called the 'visceral nervous system' or 'involuntary nervous system'. The ANS is part of the peripheral nervous system.

ANS controls all automatic actions. That means that it controls all reflexes and actions during sleep.

Most of its activities are done without the person having conscious control over them. The person usually cannot feel what the ANS is doing. However, some of the ANS's activities work together with the conscious mind, like breathing. 

The ANS controls many different things, like heart rate, digestion, respiration rate, salivation, perspiration, diameter of the pupils, the discharge of urine, and erection.

There are two different sections within the ANS:



Peripheral nervous system

The peripheral nervous system, or PNS, is part of the nervous system. It consists of the nerves and ganglia which are outside the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord). The main function of the PNS is to connect the central nervous system (CNS) to the limbs and organs. 

The PNS is not protected by bone like the central nervous system. Therefore it is exposed to toxins and mechanical injuries. The peripheral nervous system is divided into the somatic nervous system (SNS) and the autonomic nervous system (ANS). But the enteric nervous system (ENS) can be seen as a third branch of its own and not as part of the autonomic nervous system. 

IKEA

IKEA is a multinational furniture company that was founded by Ingvar Kamprad, from Sweden. The name IKEA is an acronym from the name Ingvar Kamprad, Elmtaryd (the farm where he grew up), and Agunnaryd (his hometown in Småland, southern Sweden).

The company was started in 1943 by Ingvar Kamprad (1926-2018) when he was seventeen years old as a mostly mail-order sales business. From the beginning, the company was selling items such as pens, picture frames, clocks, jewellery, nylon stocking, wallets and whatnot. After an order, Kamprad would often deliver it himself. By 1947 it started selling furniture and by 1958 the first IKEA store was opened in Älmhult, Småland. The first stores outside Sweden were opened in Norway (1963) and Denmark (1969). The stores spread to other parts of Europe in the 1970s, with the first store outside Scandinavia opening in Switzerland (1973), followed by West Germany (1974).


Central nervous system

The central nervous system (CNS) is the largest part of the nervous system. It is made up of the brain and the spinal cord.

Together with the peripheral nervous system, it has an important role in the control of behaviour. The CNS is protected by bone in the dorsal cavity: the brain in the cranial subcavity, and the spinal cord in the spinal cavity.



Spinal cord

The spinal cord is a bundle of nerves that go to and from the brain. It is enclosed in and protected by the bony vertebral column. The main function of the spinal cord is transmission of neural inputs between the periphery and the brain.

Humans have 31 left-right pairs of spinal nerves, each roughly corresponding to a segment of the vertebral column. The spinal nerve emerges from the spinal column through an opening "between" adjacent vertebrae. Outside the vertebral column, the nerve divides into branches.

The nerves for incoming sensory information are bundled separately from nerves for outgoing motor instructions for muscles. The system serves the autonomic nervous system as well as the motor activities which we control consciously.


Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?

Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? is a British quiz show, produced by Celador. In May 2008, the Dutch company 2waytraffic bought the license for the international format. 

"Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" aired for the first time on 4 September 1998 in the United Kingdom. The UK show is hosted by Chris Tarrant. It had its biggest ratings in March 1999 when more than 19 million were watching the show. The first millionaire on the show was Judith Keppel who appeared on 20 November 2000. 

More than 100 countries around the world have bought the license and air local versions of the show, including Australia, Bulgaria, Germany, Poland, Russia, United States. The United States version became a big hit when Regis Philbin started hosting it in 1999. John Carpenter, a man who worked for the IRS, became the first person to win the grand prize of $1,000,000 in 1999. Philbin hosted the show until 2002. A syndicated version of the show has aired since 2002. It is hosted by Meredith Vieira.

Each country airs the show under the same rules. They all have the same studio design.

In Australia, a spin-off called "Millionaire Hot Seat" has aired since 2009.

Danny Saucedo

Danny Saucedo (born Daniel Gabriel Alessandro Saucedo Grzechowski on 25 February 1986 in Stockholm, Stockholms Län, Sweden) is a Swedish singer who competed as one of the finalists in Pop Idol — the Swedish version of Idol. His two songs charted on the official Swedish singles chart. '"Öppna Din Dörr"' (Tommy Nilsson cover) peaked at No. 24 in 2006 and "Tokyo" (credit to Danny) was two weeks at No. 1 in 2007.

Agnes Carlsson

Agnes Carlsson (born March 6 1988 in Vänersborg), (better known by her stage name Agnes) is a Swedish singer who rose to popularity after winning "Idol 2005", the Swedish version of "Pop Idol", shown by TV4. The October 10th 2006 SVT confirmed that Agnes would participate in the Swedish Melodifestivalen 2007 with her song "More than a girl", but she got disqualified because she talked about the song in an interview with Aftonbladet. She is the third only Idol winner who was previously a "Wildcard" on the show, next to Canada's Ryan Malcolm and Kazakhstan's Almas Kishkenbayev. Agnes advanced to the finals as the jury's choice. She has released a song called "Release Me", which became a huge hit for Agnes.


Daniel Lindström

Daniel Lindström (born January 30, 1978) is a Swedish singer from Umeå. He won the Swedish Idol 2004 contest against Darin Zanyar. His first single, "Coming True", sold double platinum. His self-titled album, released in December 2004, was at the top of the Swedish pop charts. The new album "Nån slags verklighet" ("Some kind of reality") contains songs written in Swedish by the singer himself. Daniel Lindström was the first winner of the Swedish Idol series.

Destiny's Child

Destiny's Child was a three-time Grammy Award-winning American pop girl group. They were founded in Houston, Texas. They formed in 1997. Originally a quartet called Girl's Tyme, the group eventually became a trio whose members were Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, and Michelle Williams. According to the World Music Awards, Destiny's Child is the best selling female group of all time. On June 12, 2005, they announced on tour in Barcelona that they would no longer be performing together, but pursuing individual careers in music, theatre, television and film.

They disbanded in 2006. Destiny's Child has sold in total 130 million worldwide including albums, video albums and singles; its leader Beyoncé as a solo artist has sold over 250 million records ; Kelly Rowland has sold as a solo artist 60 million records worldwide.
With Michelle Williams as the lineup Destiny's Child sold more than 45 million records.

Destiny's Child released their first album, "Destiny's Child", in 1998. Their second album "The Writing's on the Wall" was released in 1999. It was the band's last album with four members.

In 2001 "Survivor" was released. All of the album's four singles reached number one.

The band released their last album "Destiny Fulfilled" in 2004. Four singles were released from the album.

Kelly Rowland

Kelendria Trene "Kelly" Rowland (born February 11, 1981) is a Grammy Award-winning American R&B singer, songwriter, dancer, and occasional actress, who rose to fame as one of the founding members of the successful R&B girl group Destiny's Child, the world's best-selling female group of all time.

Her total sales (LP, EP, compilation, video album and singles) surpassed 100 million worldwide (60 with the group, 40 as solo and featured artist). Rowland has released four solo albums. Her first album "Simply Deep" is her most successful album. Rowland had her only number one on the album, "Dilemma".

Rowland's parents separated when she was seven. She and her mother moved to Houston when she was eight.

In 2011, Kelly Rowland was a judge on "The X Factor UK". The following year, she became a judge on the American version.

Pop Idol

Pop Idol was a British television series that was first shown on ITV on October 5, 2001. The show was a talent contest to decide the best new young pop singer, or 'pop idol', in the United Kingdom, based on viewer voting and participation. There were two series of "Pop Idol". The first was from October 2001 - February 2002. The winner was Will Young; the runner-up was Gareth Gates. The second series was in 2003. It was won by Michelle McManus.

The "Idol" series has become an international franchise. It has spun off many successful shows such as "Idol", "American Idol", "Canadian Idol", "Australian Idol", "Idols West Africa", "Indian Idol", "Indonesian Idol", "New Zealand Idol", "Philippine Idol", "Pinoy Idol", Hay superstar, "Nouvelle Star", "Deutschland sucht den SuperStar", "Singapore Idol", "Malaysian Idol", "Music Idol", "Idols South Africa", "Ídolos Brazil", "Ídolos Portugal", and others. It also had a world version named World Idol.

Rachel Smith

Rachel Renee Smith (born April 18, 1985 in Panama) is a beauty queen from Clarksville, Tennessee. She won the Miss USA contest in 2007. She had previously competed in the Miss Teen USA contest. She represented the USA in the Miss Universe pageant in 2007.

Natalie Glebova

Natalie Glebova, (born November 11 1981) is a Russian Canadian beauty queen who has held the title Miss Universe 2005.


Michelle Williams (singer)

Tenitra Michelle Williams (born July 23, 1979) is an American gospel and R&B singer, songwriter, and actress. She was a background singer for Monica, before rising to fame as one-third of the successful Grammy Award-winning musical group Destiny's Child, the world's best-selling female group of all time, selling over 100 million records worldwide. 

Williams played the character Shug Avery in the play "The Color Purple". She was a contestant in the 2010 series of British reality television show "Strictly Come Dancing".

In 2013, she made a return to inspirational music with the lead single, "If We Had Your Eyes" from her upcoming fourth studio album titled "Journey to Freedom".

Simon Cowell

Simon Phillip Cowell (born 7 October 1959) is a British businessman, entrepreneur, record executive and television personality. Cowell is the A&R executive for Syco in the United Kingdom and the son of estate agent and music industry executive Eric Cowell Sr. and socialite Julie Brett. He was born in Lambeth, London and raised in Elstree, Hertfordshire. He is well known as a judge on television programmes "Pop Idol", "The X Factor", "American Idol" and "Britain's Got Talent". On these shows, Cowell is known for saying that most of the contestants on the shows are not talented. He is known for joining activities in the television and music industries, having made singles and records for many television characters.

Although Cowell says he has not voted in elections, he supported the Conservative Party in 2010. He is of Jewish heritage (his paternal grandmother was Polish-Jewish).

Reality television

Reality television is a genre of television programming which presents unscripted dramatic or humorous situations, document actual events, and have ordinary people instead of professional actors. Although reality television has existed in some form or another since the early years of television, the term "reality television" is most commonly used to describe shows since 2000. Documentaries, news and sports shows are not called reality shows.

There are many different kinds of reality television shows, from game or quiz shows to surveillance-type shows, such as "Big Brother".

Critics say that the term "reality television" is not accurate. Many shows portray a changed and highly influenced form of reality, with participants put in exotic locations or abnormal situations, sometimes told to act certain ways, and with events on screen sometimes changed by editing.


Tengwar

Tengwar is a constructed writing system, invented by J. R. R. Tolkien. The tengwar is used in his fictional world Middle-earth, for example the book "The Lord of the Rings". 
In the Quenya language, "tengwar" means "letters", "tengwa" is the singular and means "letter".

The tengwar are used to write some of Tolkien's constructed languages, like for example the elven languages Quenya and Sindarin. But Tolkien used the tengwar mostly for writing English. Because the tengwar is an alphabet, it can be used to write almost any language.

In the late 1910s, J. R. R. Tolkien developed the script "Sarati", which was already a bit similar to tengwar. The tengwar were probably developed in the late 1920s or in the early 1930s. The first published sample of tengwar writing was 1937 in "The Hobbit", to so-called "The Lonely Mountain Jar Inscription". The full explanation of the tengwar was published in 1955 in Appendix E of "The Lord of the Rings". 

The tengwar have a certain order, and are usually shown in a table/chart. They are sorted by how they look, which is also connected to how they sound. Because it is an alphabet, every tengwa means a sound. The main tengwar letters are placed into four vertical series ("témar") and six horizontal rows ("tyeller").

There are different ways to write with tengwar, which are called "modes". Between these modes there are differences, sometimes only a few and sometimes many differences. In different modes, the tengwar sometimes mean different sounds. In some modes the tengwar are used for vowels and consonants; and in other modes the tengwar are only used for the consonants, and the vowels are marked by signs above or below the tengwa, as in abugida writing. These vowel signs are called tehtar ("signs"; singular: "tehta", "sign").
There are different modes to write the different Middle-earth languages. People have also made new modes to write English and other modern languages with the tengwar.

The tengwar is written in a table/chart with the way the letters sound. For example, if the sound comes from the front of the mouth it is in 1 row. Each column is for the sounds that come from the nose, throat, or lips.

Tolkien used the tengwar to write texts for his fictional world Middle-earth and other things. He used it to write in the languages he invented (for example Quenya and Sindarin), but also used the tengwar to write English. 

After Tolkien's Middle-earth books became famous, people also got interest in his languages and writing scripts. The tengwar are used by fans to write new things, or to re-write existing texts with tengwar.


Petros Duryan

Petros Duryan (1851-1872) an Armenian poet and actor. His father was an blacksmith in Istanbul. He died of Tuberculosis at the age of 21. 


Adriana Lima

Adriana Lima (born June 12, 1981) is a Brazilian supermodel. She is well known for her work with underwear company Victoria's Secret.

Adriana Lima was born in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil on June 12, 1981 and is an only child to her parents Nelson Torres and Maria da Graça Lima, a social worker.

When she was 6 months old, her father left her and her mother. She has not talked to him since then. Since 2007 she has been trying to meet with him again.

She is married to Serbian basketball player Marko Jarić, and they have two daughters. In early 2014, the couple announced that they have separated.


Cuban Missile Crisis

The Cuban Missile Crisis was an event that happened in 1962. It was a serious confrontation between the Soviet Union, the United States, and Cuba during the Cold War. In Russia, it is known as the Caribbean Crisis. Cuba calls it the October Crisis. The crisis started because the Soviet Union was building sites for ballistic missiles in Cuba, so that they could target the United States. This caused the United States and the Soviet Union to create a proxy conflict directed at Cuba, causing them to indirectly attack each other because of Cuba.

Together with the earlier Berlin Blockade, this crisis is seen as one of the most important confrontations of the Cold War. It may have been the moment when the Cold War came closest to a nuclear war.

There was a coup in Cuba in 1959. A small group led by Fidel Castro took power in this Cuban Revolution. The new government took over American businesses. The American government refused to import anything from Cuba after that. This U.S. embargo against Cuba began February 7, 1962. In 1962, the American government was worried that the USSR would attack America from Cuba, because Cuba is near enough that the missiles could reach almost any city in America. Cuba was seen by the U.S. as a communist country, like the Soviet Union.

In October 1962, American ships did not let Soviet ships carrying missiles go into Cuba. The Soviets and Cubans agreed to take away the missiles if America did not attack Cuba. During the crisis, the United States secretly agreed to remove their Jupiter missiles from Turkey if all the Russian nuclear weapons were taken out of Cuba.

Americans feared that the Soviet Union would expand communism or socialism. The US and the USSR were the main parties in the Cold War that began in 1945. The US did not want a country in the Caribbean to be openly allied with the USSR. That would also make the Monroe Doctrine useless, which kept powers in Europe from getting involved in the Americas.

The US had been embarrassed publicly by the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion in April 1961, which had been launched under President John F. Kennedy by CIA-trained forces of Cuban exiles. Afterward, former President Dwight D. Eisenhower told Kennedy that "the failure of the Bay of Pigs will embolden the Soviets to do something that they would otherwise not do". The Bay of Pigs invasion left Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev and his advisers with the impression that Kennedy was indecisive. One Soviet adviser wrote that he was "too young, intellectual, not prepared well for decision making in crisis situations... too intelligent and too weak".

In late 1961, Kennedy launched a number of covert operations against Castro's government. Named "Operation Mongoose", they were unsuccessful. In February 1962, the US started an economic embargo against Cuba.

In September 1961, the Cuban government thought the US would invade because of a resolution by the US Congress to allow military force if the interests of the US in Cuba were threatened. The US also announced a military exercise in the Caribbean to be held the following month.

Castro and Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev agreed to place secret strategic nuclear missiles in Cuba in case the US invaded. Like Castro, Khrushchev thought that the US would invade Cuba soon. If Cuba were to stop being a Communist country it would hurt Khrushchev's reputation around the world, especially in Latin America. He said that he wanted to confront the Americans "with more than words... the logical answer was missiles".

Tensions were at their highest from October 8, 1962. On October 14, United States reconnaissance saw the missile bases being built in Cuba. The crisis ended two weeks later on October 28, 1962, when the President of the United States John F. Kennedy and the United Nations Secretary-General U Thant reached an agreement with the USSR to destroy the missiles in Cuba if the US agreed not to invade Cuba. Khrushchev wanted the Jupiter and Thor missiles in Turkey to be removed. The US removed them but forced Khrushchev to keep that a secret.

In Cuba, Fidel Castro took power from General Batista on January 1, 1959. From 1952 to 1959, Batista was a military dictator in Cuba. He was very right-wing, and had Mafia connections and the support of the Eisenhower administration. The United States was interested in Cuba because of the many businesses that they had there, even though the country was a dictatorship. The countries were also military friends. This was shown by the US base at Guantánamo Bay. 

When Castro came to power in Cuba, he nationalized American companies in Cuba, meaning he took the private property from those companies and made it the property of Cuba. The United States decided to break off economic relations with Cuba (which means that they would stop buying things from them). They stopped American foreign aid going to Cuba, and stopped buying Cuban sugar (which was Cuba's main export). This was a disaster for Castro, because America bought the most Cuban sugar. However, Russia saved the Cuban economy by buying Cuban sugar for high prices.

Castro turned to the USSR, a great power. He signed a contract with Nikita Khrushchev, the Russian chairman at the time. The contract said that the USSR would buy 1 million tons of Cuban sugar per year, in exchange for Castro's communist support. He declared himself a Marxist-Leninist on December 2, 1961. 

The reasons that Khrushchev wanted to help Cuba were:

Castro wanted to feel safe from the United States. He knew that if a second attack was made from the United States, Cuba might lose and he would be removed from power. Castro asked Khrushchev for the missile sites to be built on Cuba so that he could defend himself against any American threat. The USSR agreed to this and started building missile sites on Cuba. These missiles could hit any major city in the United States

Kennedy found out about the missile sites on October 16, by sending a United States Navy U-2 Spy Plane to take pictures of Cuba, he saw the missile sites and thought the worst: that Cuba was preparing to attack the United States.

The US was angry when they found out about the missile sites. Kennedy's advisers did not think that the missiles were ready when they first saw the pictures but thought that they would be ready in less than two weeks (that gave the name of the movie and the book, called "13 Days").

Kennedy had to act fast. At first, he did not know what he could do. Options were not clear so he started EXCOMM (Executive Committee of the National Security Council) to give him some options:

On October 20, Kennedy chose to blockade Cuba to stop all ships going there, rather than listen to his advisers, who wanted to attack.

The USSR's first ships arrived at the blockade on October 25 and were prevented by the US Navy from reaching Cuba.

Nikita Khrushchev sent a letter to Kennedy on October 26. Kennedy's advisers said that the letter looked like it had been written by Khrushchev himself and not his official writers, who would normally write it. They also said that it seemed to be written by a man who was under stress. In a paper called "Forty Years After 13 Days," Robert McNamara quoted part of the letter from Khrushchev:

Khrushchev was saying that he would remove the missile sites if President Kennedy promised not to invade Cuba. An invasion of Cuba would make Khrushchev look bad and could also lead to a nuclear war. This was the reaction that Kennedy wanted.

The very next day, a second letter was sent from Russia to Kennedy. This one looked more official than the first. It also said that the US must take its nuclear missiles out of Turkey if they wanted Russia to take their missiles out of Cuba. This would have been a fair trade because the US missiles in Turkey were close enough to Russia that they could reach most of the important cities and Cuba was close enough to the US that the Russian missiles would reach most of the important US cities. The problem for Kennedy was that he could not publicly agree to remove the US missiles from Turkey because Turkey would then not be protected and would not be happy. 

Another problem was that Kennedy and his advisers did not know if Khrushchev was still in power. They thought that someone in the Russian government might have overthrown Khrushchev. They thought this because the second letter was so different from the first. Kennedy decided to send a secret message to Khrushchev saying that they would remove the missiles from Turkey in a few months as long as they did not tell the public about it. Kennedy then sent an official letter to Khrushchev agreeing to the conditions of the first letter and not mentioning the second.

Khrushchev agreed to the secret message.

On November 1, the missile sites were removed, and the problems were over.

Khrushchev's goals in the crisis had various results:

The United States saw Kennedy as the hero who had fought Communism and won.

For students' use

Complex

Berber people

Berbers or Imazighen (singular Amazigh, plural Imazighen) are an ethnic group. They were the first people to live in the countries of Morocco, Algeria, Libya and Tunisia in North Africa. There are more than 100 different tribes/groups of the Amazigh people that live in different parts of North Africa. Imazighen live in two different ways. They always move around to live in different places or they have land and stay in one place. The way they live is different in different parts of North Africa. The Amazigh people speak Tamazight and this language has many different dialects. The dialects use the Tifinagh script.

The Amazigh people have a different culture from the Arab Moroccans. The art Imazighen create is to them. This can be pottery, carpet making, blanket making or tattooing. The colours and designs they use are different in each group. Groups are known by these colours and designs. This is how groups show their differences.

After the start of the Arab conquest, the native people started being called Berbers. The term Berbers means barbarians. Barbarians are people who live and behave like animals. This term is not used by the Amazigh people. This is because the term reminds them of when France was in control of Morocco. During this time, Berbers were not treated well.

The term "Amazigh" is what Imazighen liked to be called instead. Amazigh is the singular, Tamazight is the word for females and Imazighen is the plural. The translation of the word means "free people."

Amazigh people were the first people to live in the Maghrebi region. There were a lot of different tribes that lived in different regions. They lived next to Roman provinces.

The Arab conquests which started in the 7th century, brought the Umayyads to the region. They took some control of the region and converted the populace to Islam. The people in control were from the Abbasid dynasty. In 711, Imazighen took part in taking over al-Andalus. This was part of Spain During the time between 1040-1147, the Almoravid dynasty created an important empire. People were selling their things to other continents. Amazigh kingdoms were replaced with Arab ones and Arabic was spoken in lots of places.

In the 19th and 20th century, the French took control of Algeria and Morocco and made a difference between Arabs and Amazigh people. They continued to call Amazigh people Berbers. The French thought that Amazigh people's way of life was not modern. Berbers moved out of cities and close to the Atlas mountains. People were farming, working with leather, making pottery and selling things. Some Amazigh people had houses, while others were nomads and moved or lived in caves. Most of the time, Amazigh groups had their own rules and rituals. Many Berbers moved to bigger cities or Europe to look for better jobs. After Morocco and Algeria became free countries, Tamazight languages were not studied at schools and people were not treated in a good way.

Amazigh people still live in North African countries and they are a big part of the population in countries like Morocco and Algeria. In 2005, the PDAM (Democratic Amazigh Moroccan Party) was established. It wanted to show the Moroccan state that the regions where Amazigh people lived were different. IRCAM (Royal Institute of Amazigh Culture) was another project which helped with teaching the Tamazight language and keeping the Amazigh identity. In 2011, Tamazight got the status of a national language in Morocco. An Amazigh festival has been created and it happens every year.

Tamazight is the general term for the different Berber dialects. People in North Africa speak Tamazight in different ways in each country and region. Amazigh languages are part of the Afro-Asiatic family and they use the Tifinagh script. When the Arabs arrived to North Africa, Arabic was introduced and Amazigh languages were not written anymore. Because of this, less Amazigh people spoke Amazigh dialects and switched to speaking Arabic. At the end of the 19th century, Tamazight languages started to be used again. They use the Latin and Tifinagh scripts. Today, Tamazight is taught in schools in Morocco and Algeria and the language has become an official language in Morocco.

In Morocco, the 3 most widely spoken Amazigh languages are Shilha (Tashelhit), Tazayit (Atlasic) and Riffian (Tarifit). Tashelhit or Shilha is an Amazigh language, spoken largely in the Atlas mountains region in Morocco. It is the most spoken Amazigh language in the country. Because the region has not many cities, the language is shared outside cities by women. This is done through rituals, songs, telling stories to children and everyday-life tasks. Women in this area who did not go to school use Tashelhit. Men are around Arabic more because they teach in schools, watch televison and work in cities. Mothers teach their children the language and this way they keep the identity of the community. Even if Arabic is being spoken by local people, they do not want to forget their Amazigh identity.
Morocco has the biggest amount of Amazigh people in North Africa.

From 1926 to 1956, the French people in control of the Moroccan population chose what art and design Amazigh artists had to create. Areas where Amazigh people live had a design and colour given to the area and the artists in this area had to follow these rules when making art. Still today, carpets and blankets, for example, show where Amazigh artists are from because of the colour and design they have used in their art. The French controlled Amazigh arts to help the Moroccan economy. This would make sure that after Morocco is a free country, the country will have enough money to be a successful country.  

After Morocco became an independent country, the Moroccan government made sure not to talk about the Amazigh people. If they were seen as a different ethnicity, the government was afraid the country's Arab identity would not exist. The Amazigh population, however, did not want to be forgotten by the government. Indigenous Amazigh art designs were therefore continued by Amazigh women and their daughters. This is why Amazigh art is strongly connected with women's identity. Most Amazigh people live outside of the cities and this is where all their art is created.
Weaving is only done in places where sheep can survive and eat. Amazigh groups in the desert make other art like pottery.

Weaving is very important for Amazigh women. In Morocco, women who create fabrics will go to heaven when they die. The wool they use has been approved by God and must be protected. They believe the wool has a soul and the action of weaving is life's energy. The wool's soul is the same as the women's soul, so the carpet or blanket being made has to stay in the women's home. If the wool is taken somewhere else, the woman and her house will lose part of this soul. In Tunisia, to keep the wool safe, Amazigh women put the blood of an animal around the tool they use to make carpets. In Morocco, they put salt around the tool to protect the wool from bad ghosts. When women are finished with their creations, they make a prayer. Every time the women create more of the carpet, more life is created.

Before the women start colouring the wool, they must clean it. They do this by washing it and brushing it through like hair. Then the wool is made into thread which is thinner. The Amazigh women make wool a different colour. Only in the South of Tunisia and the West of Libya do they do it the other way round. The carpet for example is created then the wool is made colourful. To create the colours that will dye the wool, women will use insects or plants. The colour purple for example can be made by using plants that grow in North Africa.

Another thing that is used to make colour is henna. This type of plant is not only used to make colour on wool but also to create patterns on the body. The patterns made on the body are painted at different times of a woman's life.
The designs on Amazigh textiles are said to protect the weavers.



Getting colours from plants or local materials is not easy. Overall, not much is known about the process because Amazigh women do not want to share what they do.

The fabric that women want to make colourful is dipped into different bowls. Each bowl has a different colour in it. Sometimes just a bit of the fabric is put in the bowl to make a small part of it colourful. Sometimes all the fabric is put in if the design they want is just one colour. After, all textiles created by Amazigh women never look the same because colours spread through the wool in different ways.

Weddings for all Amazigh groups are important markers of their identity. Different groups of Amazigh people celebrate weddings differently. In the South of Morocco, the Ait Khabbash are the biggest group of Amazigh people. The way women celebrate their weddings always lasts three days and the celebration has not changed a lot over the years.

Women plan the weddings. A meeting between the groom and bride is organised. If they agree on marrying each other, the groom's mother meets the bride's family and brings them gifts.The gifts are henna, meat and tea.

Before the wedding starts, a tent is put up. The groom chooses three men (isnain) to build this tent. They build the tent close to the grooms. All of the wedding happens in and around this tent. It is very important because it reminds the Aamzigh people of their nomadic life.

What the woman wears is a very important process and tradition. She is dressed in red and white clothes and has silver jewelry around her neck. The clothes and jewlery are brought for her by her groom. She has henna painted onto her hands and while other women are doing this, they sing songs that have been in the family for a long time. The groom wears the same coloured clothes as the woman and also has songs sung to him. While he is being dressed, he sits on his mother's lap. The process of dressing him is not as special as the bride's.

On the first day, the bride arrives at her wedding tent. She arrives on a horse or camel. A red carpet from the woman's home is put on the back of the animal. A little boy called Muhammad sits on the horse with the woman. The woman is sung to while she goes to the tent. When she gets to the tent, she goes around it three times counterclockwise. She is given milk to drink and then puts a bit of it on the other people at the wedding. The woman's face is covered by a white cloth. This day is the first day that the bride and groom will sleep together.

On the second day, the woman has gone from being a girl to a woman. The woman therefore wears white clothes with her own blood on. This blood is to show that she has become a woman. A lot of celebrations happen on the second day. Lots of songs are sung to the woman. Some songs ask God to look after the wedding. Other songs talk about what the woman is wearing. The men also sing songs for the bride. They perform for her so that her wedding and life is happy and successful. The most important part of this day is the killing of an animal. At twelve o'clock, this animal is killed because the Ait Khabbash group believes it brings good things to the couple and the blood makes the family united.

On the third day, lots of orange and black paint is put onto the woman's face. The cloth that has been on her face all wedding is still not taken off. While women are painting the bride's face, they sing to her. The wedding ends when a big dance is performed. This is done after the white cloth is finally taken off of the bride's face.


Prosencephalon

The prosencephalon (or forebrain), the mesencephalon (midbrain), and rhombencephalon (hindbrain) are the three primary portions of the brain of vertebrates. They develop very early during development of the central nervous system.

When the embryonic prosencephalon fails to divide the brain into two lobes, it results in a condition known as holoprosencephaly.


Gag

A gag is any thing used to stop a person from speaking. This is done by blocking or muffling the person's mouth and making it difficult for them to move their jaw and tongue in a normal way.

Gags are very commonly seen in BDSM and bondage fantasy. Many different items can be used, ranging from a hand simply clamped over the victim's mouth, to a scarf tied between the jaws, to adhesive tape placed over the mouth and face to seal the lips. There are also many kinds of specially-made gags, which usually strap around or behind the head. Special gags of that kind are usually made from leather or rubber.

In real life it is quite difficult to gag a person in such a way that their speech cannot be understood at all, and it is almost impossible to prevent a gagged person from making some kind of sound. It is also a risk to the person's safety, as the more tightly and securely someone is gagged, the greater the risk that they will choke or suffocate.

Stepchild

Stepchild could mean:

Meänkieli dialects

Meänkieli (also known as "Tornedalian Finnish", meaning "our language") is a Finno-Ugric language spoken in the River Torne valley in the north of Sweden, above the Arctic Circle. It is an official minority language of Sweden. The language could be seen as a mix between Finnish and Swedish, since it has been changed a lot by Swedish.

For many years, Swedish was the only language to be taught in the schools of the Torne valley. The population became bilingual. They spoke both Finnish and Swedish, but they were mostly only able to write in Swedish. Today many people in the younger generations only speak Swedish. Since 1999, Meänkieli is an official minority language of Sweden.

Since there are no Swedish statistics of the population's native languages, it is not known how many Meänkieli speakers there are. Taking statistics is also a bit controversial, as many people consider the language to be a dialect of Finnish.

Toni Braxton

Toni Michelle Braxton (born October 7, 1967 in Severn, Maryland) is an American singer and actress . She has won seven Grammy Awards, seven American Music Awards, and five "Billboard Music Awards". She is known as famous with her husky contralto vocal range. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) named Braxton as one of the top selling artists of all time. She has sold over 70 million records worldwide.

Braxton's first album "Toni Braxton" (1993) reached number one on the US "Billboard" 200 albums chart. "Toni Braxton" was certified 8x platinum by the RIAA. The album sold over 10 million worldwide. Her second album "Secrets" (1996) also reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart. Her two singles "You're Makin' Me High" and "Un-Break My Heart" reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 songs chart. After this, Braxton filed for bankruptcy.

Her third album "The Heat" was released in 2000. The album did not reach number one unlike her previous albums. Her next album "More Than a Woman" (2002) reached the top ten on the "Billboard" 200 chart. Braxton named her album "More Than a Woman" in respect for American singer Aaliyah, who died in a plane crash the year before. Aaliyah's family had released a single with the same name after her death. Braxton released her fifth album "Libra" in 2005. The album's cover was listed as one of the "Sexiest Album Covers" by "Maxim" magazine. The album did better than her last album. "Libra" reached number four on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart. The song "Stupid", from "Libra" was one of the songs used by Tyler Perry for his movie "Diary of a Mad Black Woman" (2005).

Braxton left the music industry but returned in 2009. She released her sixth album "Pulse". It reached number one on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, but it was a top ten hit on the "Billboard" 200. Braxton was a contestant on the seventh season of the reality television show "Dancing with the Stars". She was voted off in the fifth week. On October 6, 2010, Braxton filed for bankruptcy again. A reality television series called "Braxton Family Values" aired on WE TV in 2011. The show is about the personal life of the Braxton family. There has been two complete seasons of the show. On September 18, 2011, Braxton was included in the Georgia Music Hall of Fame.




Joan Rivers

Joan Alexandra Molinsky (June 8, 1933 – September 4, 2014), known professionally as Joan Rivers, was a comedian, talk show host, businesswoman, and celebrity. She was known for her tough manner and loud voice with a heavy New York accent. She was the National Chairwoman of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and was a board member of God's Love We Deliver. She won an Emmy Award in 1990.

Rivers was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She was raised in Larchmore, New York. Rivers studied at Connecticut College and at Barnard College. Similar to how Phyllis Diller career began, Rivers' comedy act was mainly about bad things about herself.

A friend of Nancy and President Ronald Reagan, Rivers attended a state dinner in 1983, and later, at the invitation of Nancy, spoke at luncheon at the 1984 Republican National Convention.

She was married to James Sanger for a few months in 1955 before their marriage was annulled. She was married to Edgar Rosenberg from 1965 until his suicide in 1987. Rivers and Rosenberg had a daughter, Melissa Rivers.

On the morning of August 28, 2014, Rivers was rushed to the hospital after suffering from cardiac arrest during surgery on her throat in New York City. She was put on life support and was in a medically induced coma.

On September 4, 2014, Melissa announced that Rivers had died at the age of 81 from heart failure caused by respiratory and cardiac arrest. Her burial is at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.


Melissa Rivers

Melissa Rivers (born Melissa Warburg Rosenberg; January 20, 1968) is an American television co-host for fashion and red carpet interviews on cable and satellite television. She is a former host of the E! cable network. She also worked for a TV Guide channel with her mother, comedian Joan Rivers.

Teri Hatcher

Teri Lynn Hatcher (born December 8, 1964) is an Emmy-nominated and Golden Globe Award-winning American actress and author. She gained attention for her role as Lois Lane in the television series "" co-starring with Dean Cain. Hatcher is also well known for portraying Susan Mayer, in "Desperate Housewives", an accident-prone divorcee. She is also a "Bond Girl", having played Paris Carver in "Tomorrow Never Dies" in 1997.

Felicity Huffman

Felicity Huffman (born December 9, 1962) is an Academy Award-nominated and Emmy Award-winning American movie and television actress and convicted felon. She is well known for her role as Lynette Scavo, a busy mother on the ABC television show "Desperate Housewives". A year later, her role as a transwoman in the independent film "Transamerica" was praised by many critics and earned her a Golden Globe Award.

Huffman dated actor William H. Macy on and off for 15 years before they married on September 6, 1997. They have three children, Sophia, Georgia and James. She has appeared on television, in movies, and on stage many times with her husband; the couple each received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on March 7, 2012.

On March 12, 2019, Huffman was arrested in connection with an alleged nationwide college entrance exam cheating scandal, charged with conspiracy to commit mail fraud and honest services mail fraud, and released on $250,000 bail. She reported to prison and began her sentence on October 15, 2019. She was released from prison on October 25, 2019.

Marcia Cross

Marcia Anne Cross (born March 25, 1962 in Marlborough, Massachusetts) is an Emmy and Golden Globe Award-nominated American actress. She graduated from Juilliard and earned a master's degree in psychology at Antioch University in Los Angeles. In 2005, she was nominated for her first Emmy for her work as Bree Hodge, the "perfect" Housewife on "Desperate Housewives". In December 2006, Cross earned her third consecutive nomination for the Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Comedy Series with the series.

In June 2019, Cross revealed that she suffered from anal cancer, and was now in remission.

Eva Longoria

Eva Jacqueline Longoria (born March 15, 1975) is a Golden Globe Award-nominated American movie and television actress. She is best known for her role as Gabrielle Solis in the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives". She has also become an internationally recognized model after appearing in several high-profile advertising campaigns and numerous men's magazines. 

Longoria announced her engagement to French NBA guard Tony Parker on November 30, 2006. Following French law, the couple married first in a civil ceremony on July 6, 2007 before they could exchange vows in a religious ceremony on July 7, 2007 at the Église Saint-Germain-l’Auxerrois in Paris. A reception was then held in Maincy, France at the Vaux-le-Vicomte castle. She got divorced in 2011. Longoria is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.


Nicollette Sheridan

Nicollette Sheridan (born Colette Sheridan on 21 November 1963) is a Golden Globe nominated British actress. She was born in Worthing, Sussex. In 1973, when Nicollette Sheridan was 10 years of age, she moved from England to the United States.

She acts primarily on soap operas, movies and television. She is best known for her roles as Paige Matheson on "Knots Landing" and as the promiscuous Edie Britt on "Desperate Housewives".

Sheridan has also worked as a voice actor in the animated series ‘The Legend of Tarzan’ (2001), ‘Fly Me to the Moon’ (2008), and ‘Noah’s Ark: The New Beginning’ (as ‘Zenna,’ 2012). After appearing in ‘Hallmark Channel’s 2011 movie ‘Honeymoon for One,’ she co-produced and starred in their next film, ‘The Christmas Spirit’ (2013).


Contiki

Contiki is a small, open source free operating system. It was developed to be used in 8-bit computers and embedded systems. It has a Graphical User Interface and the full installation needs about 30 kilobytes of RAM.

The name "Contiki" comes from Thor Heyerdahl's famous Kon-Tiki raft.

The basic kernel and most of the core functions were developed by Adam Dunkels at the Networked Embedded Systems group at the Swedish Institute of Computer Science.

A full installation of Contiki includes the following features:

More applications planned include:

The Contiki operating system has been or is being ported to the following systems:
<nowiki>*</nowiki> cc65 based development

Princess Madeleine of Sweden

Princess Madeleine of Sweden, Duchess of Hälsingland and Gästrikland, (Madeleine Thérèse Amélie Joséphine; born on 10 June 1982 in Drottningholm, Sweden), is a Swedish princess. She is the youngest child and second daughter of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden. Madeleine is seventh in line to the Swedish throne.

Princess Madeleine is married to British financier Christopher O'Neill. The couple has three children, Princess Leonore, Prince Nicolas, and Princess Adrienne.

Princess Madeleine was born on 10 June 1982 at 19.05 Central European Time in the Drottningholm Palace in Drottningholm, Sweden. Her fourth name, "Josephine", honours her ancestor Josephine of Leuchtenberg.

Forbes Magazine ranked Madeleine at 12th place on its "20 Hottest Young Royals" list in 2008.


Queen Silvia of Sweden

Queen Silvia (born Silvia Renate Sommerlath; 3 December 1943) is the Queen of Sweden through her marriage to King Carl XVI Gustaf, and the mother of Princess Victoria. Her father was German and her mother was Brazilian. Silvia was born in Heidelberg.

She also make efforts for charitable organizations, human rights, and sign language, and opposes child sexual abuse and child pornography.

Queen Silvia has three children.

19 June 1976 "Her Majesty The Queen" of Sweden 

Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden

Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden, Duchess of Västergötland (full name in Swedish: Victoria Ingrid Alice Désirée, born 14 July 1977) is the heiress apparent to the throne of Sweden. She is the daughter and oldest child of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia.

Victoria was born on 14 July 1977 at Karolinska University Hospital in Solna. She is eldest child and elder daughter of Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden. Victoria has two younger siblings, Prince Carl Philip and Princess Madeleine.

Victoria married her former personal trainer, Daniel Westling, on 19 June 2010. They have two children, They were born at Karolinska University Hospital in Solna:




Prince Carl Philip, Duke of Värmland

Prince Carl Philip of Sweden, Duke of Värmland (Carl Philip Edmund Bertil, born 13 May 1979), is a Swedish prince. He is the second child of three children and only son of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden.

He was born in Stockholm Palace at Stockholm County, He held the title of Crown Prince of Sweden for seven months, because Sweden had male-preference primogeniture (brothers inherit before sisters). On 1 January 1980 the Act of Succession was changed to introduce "absolute succession". Since then, Carl Philip has been second in the line of succession after his elder sister, Crown Princess Victoria. 

However, because the United Kingdom still has male-preference primogeniture for people born before , Carl Philip is ahead of his elder sister in the line of succession to the British throne.

Title

13 May 1979-31 December 1979: His Royal Highness The Crown Prince of Sweden, The Duke of Varmland 

1 January 1980-present His Royal Highness Prince Carl Philip of Sweden, The Duke of Varmland 

Carl Philip was christened at The Royal Palace Church on 31 August 1979. His godparents are Prince Bertil, Duke of Halland, Prince Leopold of Bavaria, Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, and Princess Birgitta of Sweden.

He married Sofia Hellqvist on 13 June 2015. They have three sons:


Hermeskeil

Hermeskeil is a town in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
About 5,000 people live there.

Reinsfeld

Reinsfeld is a village in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. 
About 2,000 people live there.

Hunsrück

The Hunsrück is a low mountain range in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

It is bounded by the river valleys of the Moselle (north), the Nahe (south), and the Rhine (east). The Hunsrück is continued by the Taunus mountains on the eastern side of the Rhine. In the north behind the Moselle it is continued by the Eifel. To the south of the Nahe, there is the Palatinate.

Many of the hills are not higher than 400 m. But there are several chains of higher peaks within the Hunsrück, all bearing names on their own: the (Schwarzwälder) Hochwald, the Idarwald, the Soonwald, and the Binger Wald. The highest peak is the Erbeskopf (816 m).

Towns in the Hunsrück include Simmern, Kirchberg, and Idar-Oberstein, Kastellaun, and Morbach. Frankfurt-Hahn Airport, a growing low-fare carrier and cargo airport is there as well.

The climate in the Hunsrück is characterised by rainy weather. Slate is mined in the mountains.

The German TV drama trilogy "Heimat", directed by Edgar Reitz, examined the 20th-century life of a small fictional village in the Hunsrück.


International Space Station

The International Space Station (ISS) is a space station, a very large satellite that people can live in for several months at a time. It was put together in Low Earth orbit up until 2011, but other bits have been added since then. The last part, a Bigelow module was added in 2016. The station is a joint project among several areas of the world: the United States, Russia, Europe, Japan, and Canada. Other nations such as Brazil, Italy, and China also work with the ISS through cooperation with other countries.

Building the ISS began in 1998, when Russian and American space modules were joined together.

In the early 1980s, NASA planned Space Station Freedom as a counterpart to the Soviet Salyut and Mir space stations. It never left the drawing board and, with the end of the Soviet Union and the Cold War, it was cancelled. The end of the Space Race prompted the U.S. administration officials to start negotiations with international partners Europe, Russia, Japan and Canada in the early 1990s in order to build a truly international space station. This project was first announced in 1993 and was called Space Station Alpha. It was planned to combine the proposed space stations of all participating space agencies: NASA's Space Station Freedom, Russia's Mir-2 (the successor to the Mir Space Station, the core of which is now Zvezda) and ESA's Columbus that was planned to be a stand-alone spacelab.

The ISS components was manufactured in various factories all over the world, and were all shipped into the Space Station Processing Facility at Kennedy Space Center for last stages of manufacturing, machine assembly and launch processing. The components are made from stainless steel, titanium, aluminum and copper.

The assembly of the International Space Station is a great event in space architecture. Russian modules launched and docked by their rockets. All other pieces were delivered by the Space Shuttle. The Bigelow Module was delivered with a Falcon 9. , they had added 159 components during more than 1,000 hours of EVA. Many of the modules that launched on the Space Shuttle were tested on the ground at the Space Station Processing Facility to find and correct problems before launch.

The first section, the Zarya Functional Cargo Block, was put in orbit in November 1998 on a Russian Proton rocket. Two further pieces (the Unity Module and Zvezda service module) were added before the first crew, Expedition 1, was sent. Expedition 1 docked to the ISS on 1 November 2000, and consisted of U.S. astronaut William Shepherd and two Russian cosmonauts, Yuri Gidzenko and Sergey Krikalev. Since then, it has continuously been home to astronauts and cosmonauts to the present day.

People living in the space station have to get used to all kinds of changes from life on Earth. It takes them only 90 minutes to orbit (go around) the earth, so the sun looks as if it is rising and setting 16 times a day. This can be confusing, especially when one is trying to decide when they should go to bed. The astronauts try to keep a 24-hour-schedule anyway. At bedtime, they have to sleep in sleeping bags that are stuck to the wall. They have to strap themselves inside so they will not float away while sleeping.
In orbit there is no G-Force (this is called free fall or "zero gravity"). To help prepare astronauts experience zero gravity, NASA trainers put the astronauts in water. Because water makes one float, this is a little like experiencing no gravity. However, in water they can push against the water and move around. In zero gravity, there is nothing to push against, so they just float in the air. Another way of training is going in a plane and making the plane fall to earth very quickly. This lets people experience zero gravity for a very short time. This training can make people quite sick at first. Astronauts feel as if there is no force acting on them.

In zero gravity, the astronauts do not use their legs very much, so they need to get lots of exercise to keep them from becoming too weak. Without gravity, astronauts can get big upper bodies and skinny legs. This is called chicken-leg syndrome. Astronauts must exercise hard, every day, to remain healthy.

Eating in space style is difficult. Water and other liquids do not flow down in space, so if any were spilled in the space station, it would float around everywhere. Liquids can ruin electronic equipment, so astronauts have to be very careful in space. They drink by sucking water out of a bag, or from a tube stuck to the wall. They cannot put their food on plates because it would just float right off, so they put it in pouches and eat from the pouches. The food they eat is usually dried, because any crumbs can ruin the equipment.Sometimes fresh fruits and vegetables are sent up to the astronauts, but it is very expensive and hard to send it, so they have to bring plenty of food with them.

In space, the "bathroom" should probably be called the "restroom" instead, because one really can not take baths there. Instead, astronauts use squirt guns to take a shower. One person squirts himself with a gun while other people stand outside with a water vacuum to get rid of all the water that floats out of the shower. This is quite hard, so astronauts usually just take a "sponge bath" with a wet cloth.Toilets can be another problem. Toilets are supposed to use gravity to work. When one flushes a toilet, gravity makes the water go down. Since the astronauts on the ISS do not feel any gravity, the toilet must be attached to the astronauts and gently suck away all their waste.


Kentwood, Louisiana

Kentwood is a small town in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana near the Mississippi border. The population was 2,145 at the 2020 census. It is best known as the hometown of singer Britney Spears.

I'm with You

"I'm with You" is one of Avril Lavigne's most popular songs. She played it at her wedding. The song was released in 2002 (North America) and 2003 (UK). It is on her first album, "Let Go". The song was the top rated song in Mexico as well as reaching a rank in the top five in the United States, Ireland, and Italy. It also reached #7 in the UK. The song was a part of the soundtrack for the movie "Bruce Almighty".

These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of "I'm with You".


Somersault

A somersault is an acrobatic move where a person moves the feet over the head whilst in mid-air. The somersault can be done forwards, backwards, or sideways and is similar to a "flip" (or, if performed backwards, a "backflip"). 
A backwards somersault while still moving forward is called a "Gainer"

The word comes from the old French word "sombresault", which is no longer used.

Lisa Donovan

Lisa Donovan (born June 11, 1980) is an American actress, YouTuber, writer and comedian. She does sketches and impersonations of Lindsay Lohan, lonleygirl15 (another YouTuber) and many other. She is best known for her work on YouTube and the television program "MadTV".

Augite

Augite is a mineral. The mineral's name comes from the Greek word "augites", meaning "brightness". However, augites only look shiny some of the time. Most augites have a dull (dark green, brown or black) color.
Augite is a pyroxene.

Onyx

An onyx is a type of black rock mineral with white banded lines around it.


Opal

The opal is a fairly white rock mineral. It is the birthstone for the month of October. Opals are made from tiny spheres of silica (another mineral) and lots of water.


Amethyst

An amethyst is a mineral gemstone that comes from quartz. It is usually transparent and best known for its violet colour. Even though it is a form of quartz, it has more iron oxide (FeO) than any other kind of quartz. Because of this, some experts think that its color comes from the iron in it. 

Heating the amethyst either takes away its color or changes it to a yellow hue. Amethysts are found in Brazil, Uruguay, Canada (Ontario) and America (North Carolina). The rock amethyst is the birthstone of the month February. In the Mohs scale, it has a hardness of seven.

Many people believe amethysts protect one from poison, evil, and getting drunk. This is where the name of this rock came from, The Greek word "amethustos", means "without being drunken". 

Also they are thought to be good for healing, recovering from headaches, good dreams, and more. Some Catholic popes also wear a rosary of amethyst around their necks. Some Roman women thought gems could keep their husbands faithful to them.

Amethysts are also worn because it is believed that it makes them look gentle. The “powers” of an amethyst also include healing, peace, love, more spirituality, courage, protection from robbers, and happiness.

In the Book of Revelations the amethyst was one of the twelve foundation stones of .

There are many stories and myths about amethysts. One of them tells how amethysts were supposedly created. According to the story, Bacchus, the Roman god of wine and partying, was angry because of something against him and wanted to get revenge. He ordered that the first person who was mortal to come across his path would be eaten by tigers. 

Just at that moment a beautiful maiden named Amethyst came, on her way to worship the goddess Diana. Diana saw what was going to happen and she quickly made Amethyst into a stone to save her from the tigers. When Bacchus saw this, he repented and poured wine over the stone, making its color purple.

The amethyst is worn and used for fashion in a number of different ways. It is polished and shaped for rings, earrings, and cufflinks. It may be also used for brooches, sometimes being carved into a cluster of grapes. People like the way amethysts look, especially when they are put in gold and diamonds.

The amethyst is worn by royalty and nobility. This is because its royal color was purple. When it was found in the Minoan period in Greece (c. 2500 B.C.), it was polished and shaped into cabochons (dome-shaped stones). Then, it was set in gold. 

During the 15th century, the French "fleur-de-lis" brooch could only be worn by the Royal family on special times. The fleur-de-lis design on it is put in with sapphires and amethysts.

Emerald

An emerald is a mineral gemstone and a variety of beryl. It is the birthstone of someone whose birthday is in the month of May. It is a green crystal. The emerald is one of the most valuable gems, along with the ruby, the opal, topaz, the diamond, and a sapphire.

The word "emerald" comes from Vulgar Latin. The word was Esmaralda/Esmaraldus, a different way of saying the Latin word "Smaragdus", which came from the Greek, ("smaragdos"; "green gem"). It first came from a Semitic word, "izmargad" (). This meant "emerald" or "green". The name could also be related to the Semitic word baraq (בָּרָק ;البُراق; "lightning" or "shine") (c.f. "bareqeth" and , "barq", "lightning"). It is where the Persian ( "zomorrod"), Turkish (), Sanskrit ( "maragdam") and Russian (; "izumrúd") words came from.


Garnet

A garnet is one kind of silicate mineral. There are many different kinds of garnets, containing different metals. Crystals of garnet are often large and pretty. Their most common color is red or purple, but they can be found in almost all colors and are often used in jewelry. In the United States, garnet is the birthstone for people born in the month of January.




Ralph Macchio

Ralph Macchio (born November 4, 1961 in Huntington, New York)is an American actor. He is best known for his roles in "My Cousin Vinny, The Karate Kid", "The Karate Kid Part II", and "The Karate Kid Part III". He was also in the movie "The Outsiders" as Johnny.

French Armenian Legion

The French Armenian Legion, was made with the French-Armenian Agreement (1916), was a foreign legion unit within French Army. The Armenian legion was made for the goals of the Armenian national liberation movement and was an armed unit besides the Armenian volunteer units and Armenian militia during World War I which fought against the Ottoman Empire.


Vahan Kurkjian

Vahan M. Kurkjian (; Aleppo, 1863 – New York City, 1961) was an Armenian writer, historian, teacher, and community leader.


North India

Northern India, also known as Hindustan, is a land and cultural region of India. In traditional Indian geography, India is pieced into five major zones: North India, North-east India, East India, West India and South India.

As a linguistic-cultural and political region, North India consists of six Indian states: Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan also The National Capital Territory of Delhi is also a part of northern India. It shares some of its cultural, historical, musical, and linguistic heritage with neighboring Pakistan and Jammu and Kashmir, which was part of British India empire prior to the 1947 Independence. The North Indian Plain is a large part of it.



Yalta Conference

The Yalta Conference (sometimes called the Crimea Conference) was held from 4 to 11 February 1945, a few months before the end of the Second World War in Europe. The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (Winston Churchill), the President of the United States (Franklin D. Roosevelt) and the Premier of the Soviet Union (Joseph Stalin) met in Crimea and talked about what to do with Germany. The Yalta Conference was important in European history.

The allies agreed at Yalta :



Potsdam Conference

The Potsdam Conference was a meeting of the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom and the United States in Potsdam, Germany from July 17 to August 2, 1945. The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (Clement Attlee), the President of the United States (Harry S. Truman) and the dictator of the Soviet Union (Joseph Stalin) met to talk about Germany on July 1945 and to discuss what should happen to it now that the Second World War was over.

The first conference was held at Yalta, but the Allies did not agree on anything very important. However, a lot had happened since the Yalta Conference. Firstly, the United States had a new president, Truman, who was much tougher on communism than the previous president, Franklin Roosevelt, had been, which was a problem for Stalin. Also, Winston Churchill had been voted out in the United Kingdom and replaced by Clement Attlee. Stalin saw himself as far more experienced than the new leaders and also caused trouble, as some of what the allies agreed on at Yalta was that Poland should have a neutral government. Stalin had killed the neutral government leaders and replaced them others, who did what he wanted. That caused many problems at Potsdam since other countries no longer trusted the Soviets.

The allies talked about and agreed:

The allies talked about but did not agree on the following:



Nahe

The Nahe is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, a left tributary to the Rhine. It is also a famous wine region of Germany.

The name Nahe comes from the Latin word "Nava", which is of Celtic origin and means "the wild river". The Nahe separates the northern part of the Palatinate from the Hunsrück.

It rises in the area of Nohfelden (Saarland), flowing through Rhineland-Palatinate and joining the Rhine river in Bingen. Its length is . Towns along the Nahe include Idar-Oberstein, Kirn, Bad Kreuznach and Bingen.

Palatinate (region)

The Palatinate ("germ.:"Pfalz), historically also Rhenish Palatinate ("lat.:" palatinatum Renensis; "germ.:" Rheinpfalz), is a region in south-western Germany. It occupies more than a quarter of the German federal state ("Bundesland") of Rhineland-Palatinate ("Rheinland-Pfalz").

The western and northern part of the Palatinate is densely forested and mountainous. The highest point is the Donnersberg () near Kirchheimbolanden. The Palatinate forest ("Pfälzerwald") covers more than a third of the region and is the largest uninterrupted forest in Germany. The eastern part is lower, and is a well known wine region, the Palatinate wine region through which passes the "German wine road" (Deutsche Weinstrasse). Most of the cities of the Palatinate (Ludwigshafen, Speyer, Landau, Frankenthal, Neustadt) lie in the Rhineplain in the east.

Traditionally, the Palatinate is divided into the regions of Anterior Palatinate ("Vorderpfalz"), West Palatinate ("Westpfalz"), North Palatinate ("Nordpfalz"), and South Palatinate ("Südpfalz").

Administratively, the following districts and independent cities are part of the Palatinate:

Independent cities:

Districts:


Taunus

The Taunus is a mountain range in Hesse, Germany. It is bounded by the river valleys of Rhine, Main and Lahn. On the opposite side of the Rhine, the mountains are continued by the Hunsrück. The mountains themselves span the districts of Hochtaunuskreis, Main-Taunus, Rheingau-Taunus, and Rhein-Lahn.

Not to be confused with the more famous and high Feldberg in Black Forest, the highest peak is the "Großer Feldberg" (878 m above sea level). It is followed by the "Kleiner Feldberg" and the "Altkönig" (798 m) with the remains of a late Iron Age hill fort (La-Tène A, ca. 400 BC) near the summit.

The Roman Limes was built across the Taunus. The Saalburg, a restored Roman castellum, now houses a museum. After the fall of the Limes (in 259/260 AD), the Alamanni settled here.


Antonov An-225 Mriya

The Antonov An-225 "Mriya" was a Russian/Ukrainian Aircraft, and the largest airplane by weight in the world. It had 6 engines, which was necessary for its sheer size. It was manufactured by a company called Antonov. The Mriya was designed to transport the Russian Shuttle, Space Shuttle Buran. The Buran only flew once, and was successful. However, the funding of Buran was insufficient, and, the project quickly ended. The remaining plane, registration UR-82060, was used to carry very large items that were not efficient by train, to be carried by the Antonov. 

The company ownership was changed, due to the collapse of the Soviet Union. The ownership of Antonov was switched to the country of Ukraine, and all assets were shipped to Kyiv, or Kiev. It was modelled from the Antonov An-124 Ruslan. This plane is big enough to carry a Boeing 747's fuselage. During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the last aircraft, UR-82060, was destroyed in the hangar of the airport of the Antonov Serial Production Plant in Ukraine.


Edmund Burke

Edmund Burke (12 January 1729-9 July 1797) was an important Irish politician, and writer. He became a member of the British Parliament with the Whigs in 1765.

Burke supported the American Revolution. He opposed the French Revolution for killing Catholics and other dissenters. His most famous book was "Reflections on the Revolution in France", which created many of the ideas in conservatism. 


Muslim occasions

Muslim occasions mainly celebrate events of the life of the Muslim prophet, Muhammad.

Eid ul-Fitr begins the day after Ramadan is over and lasts three days. As soon as the Sun sets from the last day of Ramadan, Eid ul-Fitr starts and the Muslims feast. Muslims also say a special prayer called the Eid prayer and food and drink are passed around in Mosques.

Eid Al-Adha means "The Feast of Sacrifice" and is to celebrate when a prophet called Abraham sacrificed his son to show that he was loyal to God. At the last moment, God said to Abraham that this was simply a test, and he did not have to sacrifice his son to Him. Muslims in this holiday sacrifice a goat or cow in His honour to show their gratitude for God saving Abraham's son's life.
The meat of the sacrificed animal is split up into three portions. One for the man who sacrificed the animal, one for the man's poor relatives and one for poor people in general, whatever their race or religion is.

Muslims believe that on any Friday, at the end of the week, a good deed is worth more than if you did that same good deed on a different day. Muslims go to the Mosque to pray on that day, for they believe that it was on this day that Adam was created. They reject the idea that God rested after creating the world ("And on the seventh day, God rested", Genesis 2:2) and so this day should not be related to a Sabbath.

Ashura in Arabic means ten and is celebrated on the ninth and tenth day of Muharram. Muslims can choose to fast on this day (see fasting above). 
This is also the day when Muhammad's grandson, called Husayn ibn Ali, was killed.
Mawlid an-Nabi means "The Birth of the Prophet" in Arabic, and celebrated the Prophet Muhammad's birthday on the twelfth day of the month of Rabi Al-Awwal. Poetry and prayer to both God and Muhammed are chanted on this day.

Laylat ul Isra and Miraj means "The Night of Power and Ascension". It is when Muhammad was taken to "the farthest Mosque" (it was in Jerusalem) and was taken to see God. It was here that Muhammad and God talked about how many prayers should be said a day. God said there should be fifty prayers a day, but Moses and Muhammad asked for less, since fifty was hard to do every day. Eventually, fifty was lowered to five prayers a day. If the prayers were done well, they were worth fifty prayers.

Laylat al-Qadr means "The night of Power" in Arabic and is celebrated near the end of Ramadan. It is a sacred and important holiday since it is when the Qur'an was first shown to the population.

Laylat ul Bara'ah means "The Night of Freedom from Fire" and is celebrated on the 14th and 15th of the month of Sha'ban. Here, Muslims pray and read the Qur'an all night.

Jumu'ah-tul-Wida is just before Eid ul-Fitr at the end of Ramadan and Muslims say special prayers.

Eid al-Ghadeer is celebrated by Shi'a Muslims and is when Muhammad gave his last sermon at Ghadir Khumm during the month of Dhul-Hijjah. 
It is also to celebrate Ali ibn Abi Talib taking over from Muhammad when Muhammad died.

The first day of Muharram is the new year for Islam. It is not an official Islamic event but most Muslims have a ritual or celebration of some kind for it this is one of their favourite holidays

Some mosques are organizing “Open mosque days” with special program, Muslim culture, video show, discussion and finger foods for the visitors. In many western cities this is becoming a cultural social event.

Ramadan is celebrated in the month of Ramadan (the 9th month in the Islam calendar). Prayers are chanted all day and Muslims are forbidden to eat or drink after the sun has risen. When the sun goes down in the evenings they are allowed to eat and drink again. This is called fasting and breakfast comes from this word (break-fast or breaking your fast). This holiday is to teach Muslims patience.

The month of Ramadan changes every year because the Muslims follow the lunar calendar rather than the Christians' solar calendar.

Hajj is the annual pilgrimage to Mecca, Saudi Arabia. It is currently the largest annual pilgrimage in the world, and is the fifth pillar of Islam. A religious duty that must be carried out at least once in their lifetime by every able-bodied Muslim who can afford to do so. The Hajj is a demonstration of the solidarity of the Muslim people, and their submission to Allah.

Umrah is a pilgrimage to Mecca, Saudi Arabia, performed by Muslims that can be undertaken at any time of the year. In Arabic Umrah means “to visit a populated place”. It is sometimes called the 'minor pilgrimage' or 'lesser pilgrimage', the Hajj being the 'major' pilgrimage and which is compulsory for every able-bodied Muslim who can afford it. The Umrah is not compulsory but highly recommended.

Here is an example calendar taken from the Islamic lunar calendar and put into a solar calendar. In this case it is from 2000 to 2001 in years of the Christian era.
Certain events (such as Ramadan) happen at different times each year.


Guys and Dolls

Guys and Dolls is a 1950 Broadway musical. The music and lyrics were written by Frank Loesser, and the speaking parts were written by Jo Swerling and Abe Burrows. The story of "Guys and Dolls" is based on short stories written by Damon Runyon. It won the Tony Award for Best Musical. 

Nathan Detroit, a gambler in 1920's New York City, needs a place to hold his illegal dice game where he will not be caught by the police. He finds a place, but the person who owns it wants one thousand dollars to rent it for the night. Nathan thinks he is out of luck, until he hears that the famous gambler Sky Masterson is in town. He bets Sky one thousand dollars that he cannot get Sarah Brown, a missionary, to go to Havana, Cuba with him. Because Sarah is very religious and moralistic, Nathan thinks she will never agree to go with him.

Nathan has another problem. He has been engaged to a woman named Adelaide for fourteen years, but they still are not married. Adelaide is so frustrated with him that she comes down with a cold. She tells him that if he does not marry her, she will leave him. Nathan promises to marry her, but then realizes that the night he said he would meet her is the same night as the dice game. He does not marry her, and Adelaide is extremely angry with him. She tells him she never wants to see him again.

Meanwhile, Sarah's mission is about to be closed down unless she can have it filled for a midnight prayer meeting later that week. Sky hears about this and makes a deal with her. If she goes to Havana with him, he will persuade the men he knows to go to the prayer meeting. Because Sarah is desperate, she accepts his offer. At first Sky is only taking her to Havana to win the bet, and Sarah is only going with him to save her mission, but while they are in Havana they fall in love. As Sky is saying goodbye to her, Nathan and the other gamblers run out of the mission, where they had been holding the dice game. Sarah thinks he only took her to Havana to get her away from the mission so Nathan could have the game there, and she is very angry with him.

Sky is still in love with Sarah, so he decides to keep his part of the deal. He makes a bet with all the gamblers. If he loses, he will give each of the gamblers a thousand dollars. If he wins, they will have to go to the prayer meeting. Sky wins the bet, and Sarah's mission is saved. Sarah realizes that he really does care about her.

Later, Sarah meets Adelaide. They talk about Nathan and Sky and realize that they are both in love. Sarah decides to marry Sky, and Adelaide decides to marry Nathan.

Ichiro Mizuki

, real name (born January 7, 1948 in Tokyo), is a Japanese singer, composer, voice actor and actor. He is best known for his anime and tokusatsu such as Mazinger Z, Great Mazinger, Kamen Rider and Metal Hero series.

Ichiro Mizuki began his solo career in 1968. His first single "Kimi ni sasageru Boku no Uta" was composed by Kanae Wada. Later, he started to sing his theme song during the 1970s. His first anime song called Genshi Shounen Ryuu was released in 1971 as the opening theme from the animated television series Genshi Shounen Ryuu. Then he released many other anime and tokusatsu songs from Super Robot, Science Fiction, Sports, Kamen Rider, Metal Hero and Super Sentai series. Ichiro Mizuki has sung more than 1000 songs since his debut.

From August 30 to August 31, 1999, he held a 1000-song concert for 24 hours. The success of his 1000-song concert has become a legend in Japan.

On July 19, 2000, he joined as a part-time member of the supergroup JAM Project with other members - Hironobu Kageyama, Masaaki Endoh, Eizo Sakamoto, and Rica Matsumoto.

Meanwhile, Ichiro Mizuki has also acted in the tokusatsu TV series such as Jikuu Senshi Spielvan, Voicelugger and also the voice actor for anime such as Koraru no Tanken and Dangaioh (OVA).


Saalburg

The Saalburg is a Roman fortification in the Taunus mountains in Germany and was a stronghold in the Upper Germanic Limes.

It was constructed about 90 CE and enlarged until about 210. Then the Romans left it after 260. It is estimated that it was home to a "cohors equitata", about 500 cavalry and infantry, to protect the access to the Rhine-Main valley from the Germanic tribes in the North. Eventually it decayed, and its stones were used as a quarry.

In 1897 Wilhelm II ordered that it was rebuilt. Today the Saalburg houses a museum and is a center for Roman archeology. It is located between Bad Homburg and Wehrheim, some 30 km north of Frankfurt am Main.

As part of the Upper Germanic Limes the Saalburg belongs to the UNESCO World Heritage sites since 15. July 2005.


Kesha Wizzart

Kesha Wizzart (22 October 1988 – 12 July 2007) was an English singer. She was a contestant on the television programme "Stars In Their Eyes". She was born in Manchester.

Wizzart was murdered on 12 July 2007, along with her mother Beverley and brother Fred. It happened in their home in Manchester. The investigators found injuries to their heads. The next day, a search for the suspect Pierre Williams was started. He was arrested on 14 July, convicted and received three life sentences.


Names of small numbers

Naming very small numbers is the same as naming very big numbers, but with one important difference. There is a minus sign over what the 10 in the formula is raised to. So if one wanted to write 0.007 in shorthand form, they would write it 7 x 10 since 7 is the third digit after the decimal point (the zero in front of the decimal point does not count). Naming a very small number with lots of different numbers inside it is the same as doing it with a very big number, but again with that one difference of the minus sign. So 0.0000452 would become 4.52 x 10 (0.0000452 --> 4.52 x 0.00001 --> 4.52 x 10).



Military of ancient Rome

The Military of ancient Rome (known to the Romans as the militia) means all military forces of Ancient Rome from the founding of the city of Rome to the end of the Western Roman Empire. Originally there was only the Roman army, but a small navy was added during the Second Samnite War, around 320 BC.

The Roman military was an important part of the Roman state. Josephus describes the Roman people as "as if born ready armed". It has a history of more than 1300 years. Roman armies fought in Parthia as well as in Africa, and in - what was in that time the far north - the British Isles.

After a series of reforms, the army became highly trained, and was well equipped in the middle of the Roman Imperial period. The Romans also had a powerful navy that ruled the Mediterranean and the European Atlantic coast. In the late Imperial period the military's numbers were significantly increased to cover the borders and keep internal peace. The circumstances of the Empire had changed; the Western Roman Empire now relied heavily on units of mostly Germanic tribes living within the borders, who fought in the name of Rome during the Migration Period.




Roman legion

A Roman legion was the basic military unit of the ancient Roman army in the period of the late Roman Republic and the Roman Empire. It was roughly equivalent to the modern word division. In the plural, "the legions", it may mean the entire Roman army.

A legion was about 5,000 men in several cohorts of heavy infantry (legionaries). It was usually accompanied by attached units of auxiliaries, who were not Roman citizens. They provided cavalry, ranged troops and skirmishers to complement the legion's heavy infantry.

The size of a typical legion varied during the history of ancient Rome. It had a complement of 4,200 legionaries in the republican period of Rome. In the imperial period, the full complement was 5,500 men split into 10 cohorts of 480 men each. The first cohort was at double strength with 800 men. The remaining 220 were 120 cavalry plus technical staff.

Rome did not have a standing army until the reforms of Gaius Marius about 107 BC. Legions instead were created, used, and disbanded again. In the time of the early Roman Empire, there were usually about 25–35 standing legions plus their auxiliaries, with more raised as needed.

The development of the early legion may be seen as a Roman version of the Greek phalanx formation. Until the 4th century BC the massive Greek phalanx was the mode of battle. Roman soldiers would have thus looked much like Greek "hoplites". Tactics were no different from those of the early Greeks and battles were joined on a plain. Spearmen would deploy themselves in tightly packed rows to form a shield wall with their spears pointing forwards.

There were now three lines of soldiers when in battle formation. Roman soldiers had to purchase their own equipment.

In the middle of the Republic, legions were composed of the following units:




Each of these three lines was subdivided into maniples, each consisting of two centuries of 60 men commanded by the senior of the two centurions. Centuries were normally 60 soldiers each at this time in the hastati and principes (no longer 100 men). The mid Republican legion had a nominal strength of about 4500 men.

Later on the legions were made up of 80 strong centuries. Each century had its standard and was made up of ten units of eight soldiers who shared a tent, millstone, a mule and cooking pot (depending on duration of tour).

Throughout Rome's Late Republic, the legions played an important political role. By the 1st century BC the threat of the legions under a demagogue was recognized. Roman Governors were not allowed to leave their provinces with their legions. When Julius Caesar broke this rule, leaving his province of Gaul and crossing the Rubicon into Italy, he precipitated a constitutional crisis. This crisis and the civil wars which followed brought an end to the Republic and led to the foundation of the Empire under Augustus in 27 BC.

With each legion having 5,120 legionaries plus an equal number of auxiliary troops, the total force available to a legion commander during the Pax Romana probably ranged from
11,000 downwards. The more prestigious legions were stationed on hostile borders or in restive provinces tending to have more auxiliaries. Some legions may have been reinforced with units making the force near 15,000–16,000 or about the size of a modern division.

The legion was commanded by a "legate". Aged about thirty, he would usually be a senator on a three year appointment. Immediately subordinate to the legate would be six appointed "military tribunes". Five would be staff officers and the remaining one would be a noble heading for the Senate — originally this tribune commanded the legion. There would also be a group of officers for the medical staff, the engineers, record-keepers, the "praefectus castrorum" (commander of the camp) and other specialists such as priests and musicians.

Despite a number of reforms, the legionary system survived the fall of the Western Roman Empire, and was continued in the Eastern Roman Empire until around 7th century. The Eastern Roman/Byzantine armies continued to be influenced by the earlier Roman legions, and were maintained with similar level of discipline, strategic prowess, and organization.

Centurions were the glue which held a Roman legion together. They were the full-time professional officers of the Roman army. The basic centurion commanded (usually) 83 men rather than 100. They rose in rank by commanding ever more important centuries.

The very best centurions were promoted to become centurions in the First Cohort, called "Primi Ordines", commanding one of its ten centuries and also taking on a staff role. The most senior centurion of the legion was the "Primus Pilus" who commanded the first century. Only eight officers in a full legion outranked him. They were:




Legion

Legion may refer to:





Alpha helix

An alpha helix (α-helix) is a twisted part of a protein. It is one of the two most common parts of the secondary structure, or shape, of a protein. The other is the beta sheet. An alpha helix is created by alternating groups of atoms. There is a carbonyl group, created by a carbon atom double bonded to an oxygen atom, and an amine group, created by a nitrogen atom bonded to a hydrogen atom. Each section containing one of each of these groups is called a residue, a general term for a small part of a molecule. Each amine group forms a hydrogen bond with the carbonyl group four residues earlier. The alpha helix consists of 3.6 residues per turn. All hydrogen bonds face in the same direction. If two or more alpha helices come together, they become a tertiary structure. (Ex. Five alpha helices arranged into a barrel shape)

A prion is a protein that causes disease by changing the shape of another protein. It does this by changing some of the alpha helices, which are more common in normal cells, to beta sheets, which are more common in prions. 

Allied-occupied Germany

After World War II Nazi Germany west of the Oder-Neisse line was divided into four occupation zones. This had been agreed in London in September 1944.

They were occupied by the allied powers who defeated Germany (the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom and the United States) and by France. This was done for administrative purposes during the period 1945-1949.

In the closing weeks of fighting in Europe the American forces had actually pushed beyond the previously agreed upon occupation zone boundaries, sometimes by as much as 200 miles. After about two months of holding certain areas meant to be in the Soviet zone, the American forces withdrew during July 1945. 



Topaz

Topaz is a silicate mineral. Along with silicate, it includes the chemical elements aluminium and fluorine with the chemical formula AlSiO(F,OH).

Pure topaz is colorless and transparent but they usually have colors made by small impurities. The typical topaz is wine, yellow, pale gray, reddish-orange, or blue brown. It can also be made white, pale green, blue, gold, or pink (rare).

"Orange topaz", also known as precious topaz, is the traditional November birthstone, the symbol of friendship, and the state gemstone for the US state of Utah.

"Imperial topaz" is yellow, pink (rare, if natural) or pink-orange. Some imperial topaz stones can fade if they are exposed too much in the sunlight.

"Blue topaz" is the US state Texas' gemstone.

"Mystic topaz" is colorless topaz which has been artificially coated, making it rainbow-colored.



Beautiful (song)

Beautiful is a song from Christina Aguilera's fourth album "Stripped". It was written by Linda Perry.

Aguilera sings about how people should not be ashamed to show pride in their differences.

It was released late in 2002. It was the second single from "Stripped".

"Beautiful" won a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.

In 2004, the character Damian sang the song at the school's talent show in "Mean Girls".


Fundamental theorem of algebra

The fundamental theorem of algebra is a proven fact about polynomials, sums of multiples of integer powers of one variable. It is based on mathematical analysis, the study of real numbers and limits. It was first proven by German mathematician Carl Friedrich Gauss. It says that for any polynomial formula_1 with the degree formula_2, where formula_3, the polynomial equation formula_4 must have at least one root formula_5, and not more than formula_2 roots altogether.

Some remarks: 


R.E.M. (band)

R.E.M. is an American rock band. It was formed in Athens, Georgia in 1980. R.E.M. was one of the first popular alternative rock bands. R.E.M. released its first single, "Radio Free Europe" in 1981. The lead singer of the band was Michael Stipe.

During the 1980s, R.E.M. were one of the most important rock bands in the campus radio movement. They became successful internationally in 1987, when they released the songs, "The One I Love" and "It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)". They were very popular in the early 1990s and broke-up in 2011. They have been inducted in to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

R.E.M. has been associated with many different bands within the years. Most of them from different parts of the world.





Finite

If something is finite, it means it will end. The opposite is infinite. There are many uses of this word, for example:


Israel

Israel () officially the State of Israel () is a country in southwestern Asia on the eastern side of the Mediterranean Sea. Israel is the only Jewish country, and the spiritual home for Jews all over the world. Israel's population is 9.8 million people, of whom 7 million are Jewish. Almost all the other citizens of Israel are Arab (1.2 million) and include Muslims, Christians, and Druze. Israel's capital and largest city is Jerusalem. However, most countries keep their embassies in Tel Aviv.

Israel is a small country, but it has mountains, deserts, shores, valleys and plains. The climate is hot and rainless in the summers with high humidity in the coastal plain and lower elevations, and cool and rainy in the winters, rarely going below freezing temperatures.

Israel has few natural resources and imports more goods than it exports. It has a relatively high standard of living and life expectancy. Almost all of its people can read and write.

According to the Democratic Index, Israel is the only democratic republic in the Middle East. According to Freedom House, Israel is the only full democracy in the Middle East. It has a long history of conflict with Palestine.

The country's history goes back thousands of years, to ancient times. Two world religions, Judaism and Christianity, began here. It is the place where the Jewish nation and religion first grew. Jews and Christians call it the Holy Land, because it is the place of many events described in the Bible, and because some commandments of Jewish law can be accomplished only on its soil.

From the time of the first Jewish patriarch Abraham four thousand years ago, the land now called Israel was populated by Canaanites and other Semitic peoples. Around 1400 BCE, another Semitic people, called the Hebrews, settled in Canaan under the leadership of Moses and . They were named the “Children of Israel” or “Israelites”: which were divided into 12 tribes. A few centuries later, the Hebrews made Saul, as their leader. The next king, David, began the Kingdom of Israel in about 1000 BCE and made the city of Jerusalem his capital. His son, Solomon, built the first Temple for the worship of their God. Solomon died in about 928 BCE. His kingdom broke into two countries. The northern country kept the name Israel. The southern country, called Judah, kept Jerusalem as its capital.

The Assyrians conquered the Kingdom of Israel in 732 BCE and the Babylonians conquered the Kingdom of Judah in 586 BCE and destroyed Solomon's Temple. Many Jews returned from Babylonia and built a country again and rebuilt the Temple. First the Persians, then the Greeks and then the Romans ruled the Land of Israel.

The Jews fought against the Romans but the Romans defeated them. In 70 CE, the Romans destroyed Jerusalem and the Second Jewish Temple there. Again, in 135 CE, the Romans defeated the Jews and killed or took many of them to other places. The number of Jews living in Israel became much smaller. Many were forced to live in other countries. This spreading of Jewish communities outside of Israel is called the Diaspora.

Many of the Jews who remained moved to the Galilee. Jewish teachers wrote important Jewish books, called the Mishnah and part of the Talmud there, in the 2nd to 4th centuries CE.

The Romans began to call this region by the word that became Palestine in English. The Roman and then the Byzantine empires ruled until 635 CE, when Arabs conquered the region. Different Arab rulers, and for a while Crusaders, ruled the land. In 1516, the Ottoman Empire conquered the land and ruled the region until the 20th century.

Since the Diaspora, there have been many attempts to make a new homeland for the Jewish people. In the 1880s, this wish for a Jewish nation in Israel became a movement called Zionism. Jews from all over the world began to come to the area and settled in desert zones, then governed by the Turkish and later by the British Governments.

On 14 May 1948, British control over Palestine ended. The Jewish inhabitants (under the leadership of David Ben-Gurion) declared independence for the new Jewish state. Immediately following Israel's declaration of independence, the armies of several nearby countries – including Egypt, Syria, Jordan, and Iraq – attacked the new country. After a year of fighting, a ceasefire was declared and temporary borders, known as the Green Line, were established. Jordan occupied and later illegally annexed what became known as the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and Egypt occupied the Gaza Strip. The UN estimated that more than 700,000 Palestinians fled (some were expelled) from advancing Israeli forces during the war—what would become known in Arabic as the Nakba ("catastrophe"). Since the 1980s, Israel's main military opponents have been Islamist groups, such as Hamas and Hezbollah.

The countries of Lebanon and Syria are to the north of Israel; Jordan is on the east; and Egypt is to the southwest. Israel also controls 60% of the West Bank of the Jordan River.

Israel has a long coastline on the Mediterranean Sea. In the south, the town of Eilat is on the Gulf of Aqaba, which is part of the Red Sea.

The Galilee is a fertile and mountainous region in the north. There is a flat plain called the Coastal Plain to the west, near the coast of the Mediterranean Sea. The Negev Desert is a barren area of flat plains, mountains, and craters in the south. There is a range of mountains in the center that runs from the north to south.

On the eastern side, there is a low area called a depression. The Hula Valley and the Sea of Galilee are in this low area in the north. The Jordan River runs from the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea. The land next to the Dead Sea is the lowest in the world. It is -426 meters below sea level.

The weather is normally hot and dry in the summer and mild to cool in the winter. Rain falls mostly in the winter (between the months of November and April). There is more rain in the north than in the south, and hardly any rain in the desert. Snow falls in higher elevations. Israel built a very big irrigation system to bring water from the north to the dry areas in the south so that crops can grow there also.

Jerusalem is the biggest city in Israel. Tel Aviv, Haifa, Beersheba and Rishon LeZion are also large cities. Israel officially says that its capital city is Jerusalem, however, most countries do not recognize that as they believe that Jerusalem should be partitioned, or be under International status.

Israel is a parliamentary democracy. All Israeli citizens who are 18 years or older have the right to vote. The Israeli parliament is called the Knesset. The Knesset has 120 members. Each member is elected for no more than four years at a time. The Knesset makes laws, helps decide national policy, and approves budgets and taxes.

Voters do not vote for individual candidates in Knesset elections. Instead, they vote for a party. This party makes a list with all its candidates. The list may have only one candidate or as many as 120 candidates. In an election, the percentage of the vote that each list wins decides how many representatives, or seats, the party gets in the Knesset. For example, if a party list gets 33 percent of the vote, it gets 40 Knesset seats.

Israel has no written constitution. Instead, the Knesset made "Basic Laws". The Basic Laws say how the government must work and give civil rights to the citizens.

The Prime Minister is the head of Israel's government. He or she is usually the leader of the party that has the most seats in the Knesset. The prime minister must keep the support of a majority of Knesset members to stay in office. He or she appoints ministers to the cabinet. The Knesset approves appointments to the Cabinet. The ministers are responsible for subjects such as education, defense, and social welfare. The prime minister is the head of the cabinet and decides the topics of cabinet meetings and makes the final decisions.

Benjamin Netanyahu has been the Prime Minister since December 2022.

The President is the head of state. The Knesset elects the president for seven years. Most of the president's duties are ceremonial: The president signs laws and treaties approved by the Knesset, appoints judges, and members of some public organizations. He or she also accepts the documents from ambassadors and foreign diplomats bring when they are appointed.

Isaac Herzog has been the President since July 2021.

Israel has many political parties, with a large variety of opinions. In the elections of 2020, 20 parties won seats in the Knesset.

The parties belong to three main groups. The biggest groups are the Zionist parties. These include the conservative liberals, such as HaLikud; social democrats, such as HaAvoda (Labor Party); and the religious Zionists. There are also smaller religious Orthodox Jewish parties, special-interest parties, and Israeli Arab parties.

A single party usually does not win enough seats in the Knesset by itself to have a majority, so one of the bigger parties asks for support from the other parties, including the religious parties, to form a coalition government. This gives these parties a lot of power although they are small.

The Likud supports free market policies and limited government involvement in the economy. Likud believes strongly in protecting Israel's security. It wants to give less away in the peace process for a negotiated agreement with the Palestinians and the Arab states.

The Labor Party supports government control of the economy, but also believes in a limited amount of free enterprise. The party says it will give more away for an agreement with the Palestinians and the Arab states.

Current Knesset is the 25th Knesset, sworn in on November 15, 2022. Current government is the Sixth Netanyahu Government, installed on December 29, 2022.

At independence, Israel was a poor country with little agricultural or industrial production. But Israel's economy has grown tremendously since 1948. The nation now enjoys a very high standard of living, despite having few natural resources and a limited water supply.

Many immigrants came to Israel in the years immediately after independence. Many of these immigrants were skilled laborers and professionals who greatly aided the nation's economic development.

Many of Israel's service industry workers are employed by the government or by businesses owned by the government. Government workers provide many of the services that are needed by Israel's large immigrant population, such as housing, education, and job training.

Tourism is one of the country's important sources of income. Tourists visit many archaeological, historical, and religious sites; museums; nature reserves; and beach resorts in Israel.

Tourists support many of Israel's service industries, especially trade, restaurants, and hotels. Approximately 4 million tourists visited Israel in 2018.

Israeli factories produce such goods as chemical products, electronic equipment, fertilizer, paper, plastics, processed foods, scientific and optical instruments, textiles, and clothing. The cutting of imported diamonds is a major industry. Government-owned plants manufacture equipment used by Israel's large armed forces. Israel is the world's largest exporter of drones. Tel Aviv and Haifa are Israel's major manufacturing centers.

Much of the work once done by people is now done by machines. Agricultural products include citrus and other fruits; eggs; grain; poultry; and vegetables.

The government develops, helps finance, and controls agricultural activity, including fishing and forestry. Israel produces most of the food it needs to feed its people, except for grain. Agricultural exports provide enough income to pay for any necessary food imports. Most Israeli farmers use modern agricultural methods. Water drawn from the Sea of Galilee irrigates much of the land in Israel.

Most Israeli farms are organized as moshavim or kibbutzim. Israel also has some private farms.

The Dead Sea, the world's saltiest body of water, is Israel's leading source of minerals. Bromine, magnesium, potash and table salt are extracted from the sea. Potash, used mainly in fertilizers, is the most important mineral.

In the Negev Desert, there are mines for phosphates, copper, clay, and gypsum.

Israel has few energy sources. It has no coal deposits or hydroelectric power resources, and only small amounts of crude oil and natural gas. As a result, Israel depends on imported crude oil for gasoline and diesel for transportation, and coal producing electricity for its energy needs.

Solar energy – energy from the sun – is used widely to heat water for houses. Israel is developing other ways to use solar energy to power houses and factories.

In 2008, Israel began investing in building electric cars and the stations to charge them. There may also be large natural gas fields in the Mediterranean Sea that Israel could develop.

For 2006, Israeli exports grew by 11% to just over $29 billion; the hi-tech sector accounted for $14 billion, a 20% increase from the previous year.

Because it has few natural resources, Israel imports more goods than it exports. The country's main imports include chemicals, computer equipment, grain, iron and steel, military equipment, petroleum products, rough diamonds, and textiles.

Israel's main exports are chemical products, citrus fruits, clothing, electronic equipment, fertilizers, polished diamonds, military equipment, and processed foods. The nation's main trading partners include the Benelux countries (Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg); Germany; Italy; Switzerland; the United Kingdom; and the United States.

Israel has a well-developed transportation system. Most middle-class Israeli families either own a car or have one provided by their employer. Paved roads reach almost all parts of the country. Public transportation both in and between cities is provided primarily by bus.

Ben-Gurion Airport is Israel's main international airport. It is near Tel Aviv. There are smaller airports are located at Atarot, near Jerusalem, and at Eilat. El Al, Israel's international airline, flies regularly to the United States, Canada, Europe, and parts of Africa and Asia. Israel has three major deepwater ports: Haifa, Ashdod, and Eilat.

Israel's communication system is one of the best in the Middle East. Israel has about 30 daily newspapers, about half of which are in Hebrew. The rest are in Arabic, Russian, Yiddish, or one of several foreign languages. The Israel Broadcasting Authority, a public corporation set up by the government, runs the television and nonmilitary radio stations.



Lake Champlain

Lake Champlain is a natural freshwater lake in North America along the borders of New York and Vermont and partially across the United States-Canada border in the province of Quebec. The lake was named for the French explorer Samuel de Champlain, who came there in 1609.

Lake Champlain is one of a large number of large lakes spread in an arc from Labrador through the northern United States and into the Northwest Territories of Canada. Although it is much smaller than the Great Lakes of Ontario, Erie, Huron, Superior, or Michigan, Lake Champlain is a large body of fresh water. The lake is about in area. It is about long. At its widest point, it is about wide. The maximum depth is about . It contains about 80 islands, including an the entire country of Grand Isle County in Vermont.

In the colonial times, Lake Champlain gave an easily blocked water (or, in winter, ice) passage between the Saint Lawrence and the Hudson Valleys. Boats and sledges were usually preferable to the unpaved and frequently mud-bound roads of the time. The northern tip of the lake at Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec (St. John in colonial times) is a short distance from Montreal. The southern tip at Whitehall (Skenesborough in colonial times) is a short distance from Saratoga, Glens Falls, and Albany, New York.

Forts at Ticonderoga and Crown Point (Fort St. Frederic) controlled passage of the lake in colonial times. Important battles were fought at Ticonderoga in 1758 and 1777. A important naval battle was fought in 1776 at Valcour Island: in the Battle of Valcour Island, Benedict Arnold delayed British ships enough to prevent the fall of these forts until the following year, allowing the Continental Army to grow stronger and allowing the later victory at Saratoga.

Fumie Suguri

Suguri is expressive, her program is called "Suguri World". Her younger sister Chika Suguri is figure skater likewise, too.

She was first Japanese skater to win the ISU Grand Prix Final in 2003, and got more Four Continents Championships titles in 2005, and got more World Championships medals than other Japanese figure skater in 2006.


Occupational Safety and Health Administration

The United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) is an agency of the United States Department of Labor. It was created by Congress under the Occupational Safety and Health Act and was signed by President Richard M. Nixon, on December 29, 1970. Its mission is to prevent work-related injuries, illnesses, and deaths by making and enforcing rules (called standards) for workplace safety and health. As of March 2006, the agency is headed by Assistant Secretary of Labor Edwin Foulke.




Arsenio Hall

Arsenio Hall (born February 12, 1956) is an American actor and comedian. He hosted his own television talk show, "The Arsenio Hall Show", from 1989 to 1994 on the Fox network. He also had his own sitcom on ABC titled, "Arsenio".

Hall co-starred with Eddie Murphy in the movies "Coming to America" and "Harlem Nights". After his own television series ended, Hall sometimes guest-starred on "The Tonight Show" with Jay Leno.

Hall was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Bezenye

Bezenye is a village in the north-west of Hungary. It is very close to the border with Slovakia and only 9 km from the Slovakian capital city Bratislava. The population is about 1600.

Archaeologists have found things under the ground which show that the first people to lived there were Old Germanic tribes. Later, Hungarian (Magyar) people lived there. Then troops from Turkey destroyed a lot of the village and the people fled. New people came to live in the area: Croatians and Germans. The Croatians called the village "Bizonja" and the Germans called it "Palersdorf". "Bezenye" is the Hungarian name. It comes from a Slav word "baza" meaning an elderberry tree.

After World War II many of the poorer Germans had to go and live in Germany. New Hungarian families from Slovakia came to live in Bezenye.

Today Bezenye is not a typical Hungarian village. The people speak a mixture of Hungarian, Croatian, Slovak and German. The Roman Catholic church of the Blessed Virgin Mary has services in Hungarian and Croatian.



Royal Proclamation of 1763

The Royal Proclamation of 1763 was issued October 7, 1763, by King George III after Great Britain gained French territory in North America after the end of the French and Indian War/Seven Years' War. The purpose of the Proclamation was to organize Britain's large North American empire, and to make relations with Native Americans better and more stable by controlling trade, settlement, and land purchases on the western frontier. Parliament also wished to gain trust from the natives so they could place forts there. 

The war had brought large new western territories to the British Empire but the Proclamation stated that American colonists could not settle or buy land west of a line along the Appalachian Mountains. This angered colonists. Settlers continued to flow into the Ohio River Valley, and Great Britain was unable to provide adequate protection for them. Also, the Proclamation gave Great Britain a monopoly in land bought from Native Americans. The later Quebec Act, 1774 extended the rights of French Catholics, thus further angering English Protestant settlers. 



Inkscape

Inkscape is a vector graphics (pictures made from lines instead of dots) drawing program published under the GNU General Public License. Its stated goal is to become a really good drawing tool while being able to fit in with standards for SVG graphics.
Inkscape was first made for Linux, but now it is cross-platform and runs on Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and other Unix-like operating systems. As of 2007, Inkscape is actively being made better, and new features are added all the time.

Inkscape began in 2003 as a fork (break-off) of the Sodipodi project. Sodipodi, developed since 1999, was itself based on Raph Levien's Gill (Gnome Illustration Application).


Land grant

A land grant is a gift of real estate - land or privileges - made by a government or other authority as a reward for services to an individual, especially as rewards for military service. Grants of land are also awarded to individuals and companies to help develop unused land in relatively unpopulated countries.

Roman soldiers were given rewards at the end of their service including cash or land ("praemia"). Augustus fixed the amount in AD 5 at 3000 denarii and by the time of Caracalla it had risen to 5000 denarii.

In old California, the King of Spain frequently gave land to people he liked, or who helped him.

Pope Leo XIII

Pope Leo XIII (; , March 2, 1810—July 20, 1903), born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 257th Pope from 1878 until his death.

Pope Gregory XVI granted Pecci the title Monsignore. In 1903, there were Golden Jubilee celebrations which recalled the 50 years since he was named a cardinal.

In 1846, he visited London where he had an audience with Queen Victoria.

Pecci was Bishop of Perugia for thirty-two years, from 1846 to 1878.

Pope Pius IX raised him to the rank of cardinal in 1853.

In 1878, Cardinal Pecci was elected Pope.

After his election, Pope Leo never went outside the gates of the Vatican.

Pope Leo was in office until the age of 93. He was the oldest pope and had the second longest papal reign before Pope John Paul II. He is known as the "Pope of the Working Man."

Age age 93, the pope died from pneumonia and old age.

The pope lay in State in St. Peter's Basilica. His final resting place is the Basilica of St. John Lateran, which is the official seat of the Bishop of Rome.



Konzum

Konzum is Croatia's biggest supermarket chain. Konzum was opened in Zagreb in 1957, and today has 230 stores open in Croatia. Lately, Konzum's popularity has grown a lot in Croatia. In 1994, Konzum joined the Agrokor group. Konzum supermarkets can also be found in Croatia's neighbouring country, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Konzum has relations with the Bosnian company, Velpro.

Mother Teresa

Mother Teresa (26 August 1910 – 5 September 1997), was an Albanian Roman Catholic nun who started the Missionaries of Charity and won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1979 for her work with people. For over forty years, she took care of needs of those without money, those who were sick, those without parents, and those dying in Calcutta (Kolkata), guided in part by the ideals of Saint Francis of Assisi. She was born in Skopje, Macedonia, and died in Calcutta.

As the Missionaries of Charity grew under Mother's leadership, they expanded their ministry to other countries. By the 1970s she had become internationally well known as an advocate for the poor and helpless, due in part to a movie and book, "Something Beautiful for God" by Malcolm Muggeridge. She did not think women had the right to have abortions and said "The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion because if a mother can kill her child, what is left for me to kill you and you to kill me?".

Following her death she was beatified (the first stage of sainthood) by Pope John Paul II and given the title Blessed Teresa of Calcutta. Mother Teresa was named a Saint on 4 September 2016 by his Holiness Pope at Saint Peter, Vatican. Mother Teresa recieved many awards like the Bharat Ratna in 1980 and Nobel prize in 1979 etc. She is known for serving humanity.

Mother Teresa received criticism over the years, especially in recent years as debate about abortion grew. Christopher Hitchens says that, instead of trying to help the poor, she encouraged them to endure pain and continue to suffer. Hitchens also thinks she was against ending poverty and raising the social status of women. Hitchens wrote a book on Teresa called "The Missionary Position". In an article for Slate, Hitchens writes "Mother Teresa was not a friend of the poor. She was a friend of poverty. She said that suffering was a gift from God".


JoJo (singer)

Joanna Noëlle Levesque (born December 20, 1990 ), known by her stage name JoJo, is an American singer, songwriter, actress and record producer. She was born in Brattleboro, Vermont and raised in Keene, New Hampshire and Foxborough, Massachusetts. She releases music under the R&B, pop, hip hop and soul music genres. She released her first album, "JoJo", in June 2004. The album's first single "Leave (Get Out)" was number one on the US "Billboard" Pop Chart.


Angela Aames

Angela Aames (February 27, 1956 in Pierre, South Dakota – November 27, 1988 in West Hills, California) was an American actress. She was famous for her role in the movie "Bachelor Party". She died of heart problems at the age of 32.

Willie Aames

Willie Aames (born Albert William Upton 15 July 1960 in Los Angeles, California), is an actor famous for the roles of Buddy Lembeck on "Charles in Charge", Tommy Bradford on "Eight is Enough" and the voice of Hank on "Dungeons & Dragons", the cartoon. He also hosted a game show "The Krypton Factor" from 1990-91.

Bruce Abbott

Bruce Paul Abbott (born July 28, 1954 in Portland, Oregon) is an American actor. He was in movies such as "Re-Animator", "Bad Dreams", "The Prophecy II", "Out of Time", "Bride of Re-Animator" and the television series "Dark Justice".

Bud Abbott

William Alexander "Bud" Abbott (October 2, 1897 – April 24, 1974) was an American comedian, actor and producer. He was best known as the straight man half of the comedy duo Abbott and Costello.

Kareem Abdul-Jabbar

Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (born Ferdinand Lewis Alcindor, Jr. on April 16, 1947) is an American former professional basketball player and current assistant coach. He was known as Lew Alcindor before changing his name in the fall of 1971, several years after converting to Islam. He is considered one of the greatest players of all time. He has also had numerous television and movie appearances.

Ferdinand Lewis Alcindor, Jr., was born in Harlem, New York City, on April 16, 1947. His family was not poor: his father was a graduate of the famed Juilliard School of Music in virtuoso trombone. He attended Power Memorial High School in New York.

Alcindor went to college at UCLA. When he played on the freshman team, it beat the UCLA varsity team that had won two national championships. When he played on the varsity team, it won three national championships. When Alcindor was at UCLA, the NCAA did not allow the dunk, so he developed a hook shot called the skyhook. Alcindor also got a degree in history.

Alcindor was drafted by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 1969 NBA Draft. He lead the league in scoring twice with the Bucks. He also won three MVP awards with them. In 1975, Abdul-Jabbar was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers. He won three more MVP awards with them, as well as five championships. Abdul-Jabbar played in the NBA until 1989. When he left, he had scored 38,387 points. He was also one of the ten most accurate players, and blocked the third-most shots. Abdul-Jabbar was placed in the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1995.

Abdul-Jabbar studied martial arts with Bruce Lee, and appears in the Lee movie "The Game of Death". He is also in the movie "Airplane!". Abdul-Jabbar has written several books. Some of them are on basketball, but he has also written a book about the Harlem Renaissance. His book was later made into a documentary movie. Abdul-Jabbar has also been an assistant coach for several NBA teams. Usually, he has helped tall players play better. Abdul-Jabbar has had leukemia since 2009. He accepted Islam after the game. He became an assistant coach after he retired.


Betty Aberlin

Betty Aberlin (born Betty Kay Ageloff December 30, 1942, New York City) is an American actress, poet, and writer. She had a regular role on "The Smothers Brothers Show". Aberlin worked on many television programs. She played Lady Aberlin on "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood". Her movie roles include work in "Dogma" and "Jersey Girl".

Jake Abel

Jacob Allen "Jake" Abel (born November 18, 1987 in Canton, Ohio) is an American actor.

He is best known for his roles in movie "Go Figure" as Spencer, and in "Threshold". He also played Kirk in an episode of "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody".

Baudrecourt, Moselle

Baudrecourt is a village in the Lorraine region of France. It is about half way between Metz and Nancy. The TGV high-speed line from Paris to Strasbourg currently ends there. In 1999, 172 people lived there.

Hayden Panettiere

Hayden Lesley Panettiere (born August 21, 1989) is an American actress, singer and a Grammy Award nominee.

She first appeared on TV as a baby in commercials, and had her first role at the age of four in the TV show "One Life To Live". She is also well known for her work in trying to stop whaling. In January 2008, Panettiere spoke at an anti-whaling meeting in Washington D.C., and later spoke to representatives from Norway, Iceland and Japan.

Her brother is actor Jansen Panettiere.


Avatar: The Last Airbender

Avatar: The Last Airbender (abbreviated as ATLA), also known as Avatar: The Legend of Aang or just Avatar, is an American anime-influenced animated television series. The series was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. It was produced by Nelvana Limited. The series was on Nickelodeon for three seasons. The pilot episode, "The Boy in the Iceberg," was first broadcast on February 21, 2005. The last episode, "," was broadcast on July 19, 2008. 

The program is about a world where people can control, or "bend," one of the four elements—water, earth, fire, or air. The main character is Aang. He is the "Avatar". This means he can bend all four elements. In the series, Aang and his friends Katara, Sokka, and later Toph Beifong must save the world by defeating Fire Lord Ozai. Ozai is the ruler of the Fire Nation. Aang and his friends want to end a war between the Fire Nation and the other nations. The war has lasted for one hundred years. At the same time, Zuko tries to capture Aang and defeat him. Zuko used to be the prince of the Fire Nation. The series is based on different parts of Asian culture. The Fire Nation reflects imperial Japan. The Earth Kingdom has many similarities to Chinese culture. The Air Nomads represent Tibetan culture. The Water Tribe matches the Inuk nation and Inuit people. The moves that the characters make when they bend are based on different styles of martial arts. These include kung fu and tai chi. The art style of the series is similar to the style of Japanese anime.

"Avatar: The Last Airbender" received high ratings when it was broadcast. Its highest rating was 5.6 million people. The series was made for young viewers. Even people who were not 6 to 11 watched and liked it. Critics also like the show. They think its characters, art, music, and writing are all very good. In addition, "Avatar: The Last Airbender" talks about difficult things that children's shows do not talk about often. These include war, genocide, imperialism, and free will. The show has won many awards. It has won five Annie Awards, a Genesis Award, a Primetime Emmy Award, a Kids' Choice Award, and a Peabody Award. Many people think "Avatar: The Last Airbender" is one of the best animated series of all time.

There is a franchise of things related to "Avatar: The Last Airbender". One of these is an animated sequel series, "The Legend of Korra," that tells what happens 70 years after the events of the first show". The Legend of Korra" premiered in 2012 and ended in 2014. There are also , a live-action film, and , which are still being made. In July 2018, the complete series was released on Blu-ray. This was to celebrate the ten-year anniversary of the ending of the show. The show was released on Netflix in the United States and Canada in May 2020. It was also released on Paramount+ in June 2020 and on Amazon Prime Video in January 2021. A is currently being made by Netflix.

"Avatar: The Last Airbender" takes place in a world that is home to humans, fantastic animals, and spirits. The world is divided into : the Water Tribes, the Earth Kingdom, the Air Nomads, and the Fire Nation. Each nation bases its society on the element (water, earth, fire, or air) that is in its name. Some people who live in each nation have the power to magically control and use, or "bend," the element of that nation. Those people are called "benders." They can use their powers of bending to fight. The way that the show portrays the fighting style from each nation is based on a martial art from real life. For instance, "waterbenders" (people who can magically control and use water) have a fighting style that is based on tai chi chuan from real life. Earthbending is mostly based on Hung Ga kung fu. Firebending is like Northern Shaolin kung fu. And Airbending is similar to baguazhang. Each nation is also connected to a season: autumn for the Air Nomads, winter for the Water Tribe, spring for the Earth Kingdom and summer for the Fire Nation.

In the world that "Avatar: The Last Airbender" shows, there is always only one person alive who can bend all four elements. That person is called the "Avatar." When one Avatar dies, he or she is reincarnated, or born again in another body. The Avatar's next body always belongs to the next nation in the Avatar Cycle. The cycle always goes in this order: water, earth, fire, air. Then it starts over again with water. The Avatar must learn how to bend the elements in the same order. He or she begins by learning how to bend the element of the country where they were born. Then he or she learns the next three elements in order. Usually, it is a challenge for the Avatar to learn how to bend the element that is the opposite of their first, or "native," element. For instance, the main character of the show, Aang, was born to Air Nomads, so air was the first element he learned to bend. The "opposite" element to air is earth, so for Aang, it was difficult to learn earthbending. This is because Earthbending focuses on steadiness and facing your opponent directly. This is different from airbending, which focuses on getting to your opponents in many different ways and changing your style quickly if it is necessary.

One special power that the Avatar has is called the "Avatar State." When an Avatar goes into the Avatar State, he or she gains all of the knowledge and abilities that all of the past Avatars have had. The Avatar State is a defense mechanism. An Avatar goes into this state automatically. However, if he or she practices for a very long time, he or she can control when they go into the Avatar State and what they do while they are in it. If an Avatar is killed in the Avatar State, then the Avatar Cycle will be broken. Then there will be no more Avatars. Through the years, there have been many Avatars. They keep all of the four nations peaceful. Another special power that the Avatar has is being able to go into the Spirit World. He or she can link the physical world to the Spirit World. In this way, he or she can solve problems that regular benders cannot.

One hundred years before the story begins, a twelve-year-old Airbender named Aang learns that he is the new Avatar. He is not happy when he learns this, because he knows that being the Avatar is a big responsibility, and he does not think he is ready for it. He is also scared of having to leave his mentor, Monk Gyatso, whom he loves very much. Aang flees from home on his animal guide, a flying bison named Appa. But they fly into a big storm and crash into the ocean, and Aang goes into the Avatar State and freezes himself and Appa inside an iceberg. They are frozen in a state of suspended animation—they cannot move, grow older, or die. While this is happening, the Fire Nation is beginning a war against the other three nations. Fire Lord Sozin, the leader of the Fire Nation, knows that the new Avatar is an Air Nomad (because of the Avatar Cycle's pattern), so he kills all of the Air Nomads in a genocide. This is because he wants to make sure that the Avatar, who is very powerful, will not be able to defeat the Fire Nation in the war. The Fire Nation army is able to kill all of the Air Nomads because a comet called "Sozin's Comet" made their bending much more powerful. But because the actual Avatar, Aang, is frozen in an iceberg, he is not killed. He is the only Airbender to survive the attack. For one hundred years, everybody in the world believes that the Avatar does not exist anymore.

A hundred years later, Katara and Sokka, two siblings who live in the Southern Water Tribe, free Aang and Appa from the iceberg. Katara is the only waterbender in her small tribe. She has taught herself how to bend. Her older brother, Sokka, cannot bend, but he is a warrior. Katara, Sokka, and Aang travel to the Northern Water Tribe so Aang and Katara can learn waterbending from a master. Aang does not know about the war or the genocide of the Air Nomads. While on their journey, they visit the Southern Air Temple, where Aang used to live. There, Aang discovers that the Fire Nation destroyed the Air Nomads. He also meets his Avatar guide, Avatar Roku, who is the Avatar who came before Aang. Roku tells Aang that he must learn to bend all four elements by the summer solstice. This is because Sozin's Comet will return on that day, and it will make the firebenders' bending very powerful. If Aang does not defeat the current Fire Lord, Ozai, by the summer solstice, then the Fire Nation will take over the world and no one will be able to stop them anymore.

While Katara, Sokka, and Aang travel to the Northern Water Tribe, they are constantly chased by Prince Zuko. Zuko is the son of the current Fire Lord, Ozai, but Ozai banished him from the Fire Nation three years before the story starts. Zuko can only return to the Fire Nation and get back his honor if he captures the Avatar. He travels with his uncle Iroh, nicknamed "Dragon of the West", a legendary Fire Nation general and the older brother of Ozai. Zuko and another Fire Nation military officer, Admiral Zhao, compete to capture the Avatar. At the end of the season, Admiral Zhao leads the Fire Nation navy in attacking the Northern Water Tribe. During the attack, Zhao also kills the Moon Spirit. But Aang and his friends help fight back against this attack, and Yue, the princess of the Northern Water Tribe, sacrifices herself (in other words, she decides to die) so she can become the new Moon Spirit. In the end, Aang and his friends win the battle.

After leaving the North Pole, Aang continues to learn and master waterbending with Katara. Aang, Katara, and Sokka look for someone who can teach Aang how to earthbend. They soon meet Toph Bei Fong, a young girl who is one of the best earthbenders in the world. She is blind, but knows how to "see" (or sense her surroundings) through earthbending and by feeling vibrations, or small shakes, in the earth. She teaches Aang to do the same.

Meanwhile, Zuko and Iroh are now fugitives from the Fire Nation. They escape to Ba Sing Se, the capital city of the Earth Kingdom, where they try to start new lives. Zuko, with the help of his uncle, tries to accept the difficult events he has gone through in his life, and he learns to not be so focused on capturing the Avatar. Aang and his friends (who are sometimes called "Team Avatar") learn about a solar eclipse that will happen in the future. When the eclipse happens, all firebenders will lose their bending for a short time. So Team Avatar makes plans to invade the Fire Nation on that day. This is when Aang plans to defeat Fire Lord Ozai.

While Team Avatar travels to Ba Sing Se so they can tell the Earth King about the eclipse, Zuko's younger sister Azula and her two friends Mai and Ty Lee try to capture them. Finally, the three of them capture the Kyoshi Warriors (friends of Team Avatar) and pretend to be them, so that they can invade Ba Sing Se. Azula persuades an elite group of Earthbenders called the Dai Li to instigate a coup d'état, allowing the Fire Nation to capture Ba Sing Se. At the end of the season, when Team Avatar is fighting against Azula and her allies, Zuko sides with Azula, who promises to restore his honor. When Aang enters the Avatar State, Azula shoots him with lightning. It hurts him very badly, and he almost dies. Katara brings Aang back to life with spirit water that she got from the North Pole in the previous season. But Aang's seventh chakra is blocked, and he cannot enter the Avatar State.

Aang awakens to find the group disguised as Fire Nation soldiers heading West on a Fire Nation ship, while Zuko has been restored to his position as crown prince. Sokka has planned a small-scale invasion of the Fire Nation to capture the Fire Lord's palace and defeat Fire Lord Ozai, taking advantage of the solar eclipse. The invasion will be staged by a ragtag group of benders and warriors who Aang has helped along his journey. Initially the invasion proceeds as planned, but Aang fails to find the Fire Lord before the eclipse ends, because Azula knew about the invasion. The invasion ultimately fails, and only Aang and his closest friends are able to escape. Zuko, in a change of heart, decides to defy his father and join the Avatar. Zuko catches up with Aang at the Western Air Temple and offers to teach Aang Firebending. After some reluctance from Katara and Sokka, Team Avatar allows Zuko to join the group. In the series finale, Aang defeats Fire Lord Ozai by taking away his ability to firebend. With Ozai defeated, the war quickly ends. Zuko is crowned the new Fire Lord and, with the help of the Avatar and his friends, begins rebuilding the four nations. The series ends as Aang and Katara kiss in front of the sunset.

Aang (Zach Tyler Eisen) is a 12 year old. He is the most important character in the series. He was frozen in ice with his flying bison, Appa, for 100 years. He was found by a young Waterbender named Katara. Now he is the Avatar, the master of 4 different powers: water, earth, fire and air. Aang is a hero, but he doesn't want to be a hero. He is trying to make the world good again.

Katara (Mae Whitman) is 14 years old. She is a Waterbender. This means she can move water by moving her body. She is in the Southern Water Tribe. Katara has a brother. His name is Sokka. They find Aang in a big ball of ice. He had been frozen for 100 years. Katara and Sokka go with Aang on an adventure to kill the evil Lord. His is called Fire Lord Ozai. She is his first teacher for water.Katara can do bloodbending. This means she can move peoples' bodies by "bending" their blood. She does not like to do this.

Sokka (Jack DeSena) is 15 years old. He is a warrior. He is also Katara's brother. He lives in the Southern Water Tribe. He goes with Aang on his adventure to kill the evil Fire Lord. He is very funny, so he says he is "meat-loving" and "sarcastic". Sokka is different from his friends. He cannot "bend" anything, he is a fighter and a thinker. He has lots of good ideas and weapons. He has a boomerang and a sword he made from a meteorite. Michael Dante DiMartino, who made the TV show, said that Sokka could have been a Waterbender, but he never learned how to do it.

Toph (Jessie Flower) is 12 years old. She is blind. She is an Earthbender. Her family is rich, but she doesn't like money. She is very strong and she likes to fight. When she meets Aang and his friends she thinks they are strange. She wants to help them, so she goes with them on their adventure. She is Aang's teacher for Earthbending. She is blind, but she can still see things. Toph "sees" with her feet. She feels the earth move a little bit. Then she knows what is happening. Toph is the most powerful Earthbender ever.

Zuko (Dante Basco) is 16 years old. He is the son of the evil Fire Lord, so he is a prince. In Season 1 he is the most important bad guy. Zuko's life was hard. Something happened and now his father doesn't like him. Zuko wants to catch the Avatar because his father banished him until he can capture and bring the Avatar as a prisoner to the Fire Lord. Zuko does not like himself, he is angry, and his family is crazy. In the show Zuko learns how to be nice. He wears a blue mask to hide himself and then he saves people. In season three, he leaves the Fire Lord. He goes to Aang and becomes his friend. He becomes a Firebending teacher for Aang. At the end, he is the new Fire Lord.

Azula (Grey DeLisle) is a bad princess. She is a Firebender. She is Zuko's younger sister. She is an important bad guy in the show. Azula is very good at Firebending. It is easy for her to do it. She can make lightning. She is very mean to her friends Mai and Ty Lee. She uses fire to scare them. The Fire Lord likes her more than Zuko.

Iroh (Mako in season one and two, Greg Baldwin in season three used to be a general for the Fire Lord. He can make fire in his nose and mouth, so they call him the Dragon of the West. He is Prince Zuko's uncle and teacher. The Fire lord is Iroh's brother. Iroh is older than the Fire Lord. He should be the Lord, but the Fire Lord lied, so that he could be the Lord. People think Iroh is nice, kind, and happy. He does silly things so people think he is not strong or smart. But Iroh is very smart and strong. Iroh has a secret group of friends. They are strong and good at fighting. The friends are called The Order of the White Lotus. In the last episode they fight the Fire Nation. They win and the world becomes a good place. Iroh is special because he learned how to do Firebending from Dragons.

"Avatar: The Last Airbender" was co-created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko at Nelvana Limited in Tortnto Onartio, Canada. Animation work was done by the Korean animation studio DR Movie. According to Bryan Konietzko, the program was conceived in the spring of 2001 when he took an old sketch of a balding, middle-aged man and re-imagined the character as a child. Konietzko drew the character herding bison in the sky, and showed the sketch to Mike DiMartino. At the time, DiMartino was studying a documentary about explorers trapped in the South Pole.

Konietzko described their early development of the concept: The co-creators successfully pitched the idea to Nickelodeon VP and executive producer Eric Coleman just two weeks later.

The show was first revealed to the public in a teaser reel at Comic-Con 2004, and started show the episodes from 21 February 2005. In the United States, first two episodes of the series were shown together in a one-hour premiere event. A second twenty-episode season ran from 17 March 2006 through 1 December. A third and final season, beginning September 21, 2007, featured twenty-one episodes rather than the usual twenty. The final four episodes were packaged as a two-hour movie.

"Avatar" is notable for borrowing extensively from Asian art and mythology to create its universe. The show's character designs are heavily influenced by anime as well as Chinese art and history, Hinduism, Taoism, Buddhism, and Yoga. Traditional East Asian calligraphy styles are used for nearly all the writing in the show. For each instance of calligraphy, an appropriate style is used, ranging from seal script (more archaic) to clerical script. The show employed a cultural consultant, Edwin Zane, and calligrapher Siu-Leung Lee as consultants for the show's cultural influences.

The choreographed martial art bending moves were profoundly affected by Asian cinema. In an interview, Bryan revealed that, "Mike and I were really interested in other epic 'Legends & Lore' properties, like Harry Potter and "Lord of the Rings", but we knew that we wanted to take a different approach to that type of genre. Our love for Japanese anime, Hong Kong action and kung fu cinema, yoga, and Eastern philosophies led us to the initial inspiration for "Avatar"."

All music and sound used in the series was done by Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn, who form "The Track Team". They made use of a wide range of different instruments (such as the guzheng, pipa and duduk) to compose a background music that fits into the world.

The term "Avatar" comes from the language of Sanskrit, one of the most ancient languages of India. The word "Avatāra", (Sanskrit: ), which means "descent"; its roots are "ava" means "down," and "tri" means "to pass." In the Hindu scriptures, "avatara" signifies the descent of Divinity into flesh. One who attains union with Spirit and then returns to earth to help humanity is called an avatar. The Chinese characters that appear at the top of the show's title card mean "the divine medium who has descended upon the mortal world."

When Aang was young, he unknowingly revealed that he was the Avatar when he chose four toys out of thousands, each of which were the childhood toys of the previous Avatars. In Tibetan Buddhism, there is a similar test for reincarnations of a Tulku Lama. In "Magic and Mystery in Tibet", Alexandra David-Neel writes that "a number of objects such as rosaries, ritualistic implements, books, tea-cups, etc., are placed together, and the child must pick out those which belonged to the late "tulku", thus showing that he recognizes the things which were "theirs" in their previous life." Each successor is expected to show signs of continuity with the previous Avatar, such as being born within a week of the death.

"Avatar" draws on the four classical elements common to many ancient philosophies for its bending arts: Water, Earth, Fire and Air. Although each has its own variation, most ancient philosophies incorporate these four elements in some way. Examples include the classical Hindu, Buddhist, and Greek elemental traditions. In the show’s opening, each element is accompanied by two Chinese characters: an ancient Chinese seal script character on the left representing the element being shown and a modern Chinese character on the right describing some feature of the element.
The character 水 (pinyin: "shui"), which stands for water, is shown with 善 (pinyin: "shan"), which means benevolence and adaptivity. The character 土 (pinyin: "tu"), which stands for earth, is shown with 強 (pinyin: "qiang"), which means for strength and stability. The character 火 (pinyin: "huo"), which stands for fire, is shown with 烈 (pinyin: "lie"), which means intensity and passion. Finally, the character 气 (pinyin: "qi"), which stands for air, is shown with 和 (pinyin: "he"), which means peace and harmony.
In addition to the use of four classical elements in the series, the fighting styles associated with each element are all taken from different styles of Chinese martial arts. The series employed Sifu Kisu of the Harmonious Fist Chinese Athletic Association as a martial arts consultant. Each fighting style was chosen to represent the element it projected. Tai Chi was used for "Waterbending" in the series, and it focuses on alignment, body structure, breath, and visualization. Hung Gar was used for "Earthbending" in the series, and was chosen for its firmly rooted stances and powerful strikes to present the solid nature of earth. Northern Shaolin, which uses strong arm and leg movements was used for "Firebending". And Ba Gua, which uses dynamic circular movements and quick directional changes, was used for "Airbending".<ref name="avatar2/index.jhtml"></ref> The only exception to these styles is Toph, who can be seen practicing a Chu Gar Southern Praying Mantis style.

When the show first was shown it was rated the best animated television series in its demographic; new episodes averaged 3.1 million viewers each. A one-hour special showing of "The Secret of the Fire Nation" which was shown on 15 September 2006, consisting of "The Serpent's Pass" and "The Drill", gathered an audience of 5.1 million viewers. According to the Nielsen Media Research, the special was the best performing cable television show airing in that week. In 2007, "Avatar" was syndicated to more than 105 countries worldwide, and was one of Nickelodeon's top rated programs. The series was ranked first on Nickelodeon in Germany, Indonesia, Malaysia, Belgium, and Colombia.

The series finale, "", received the highest ratings of the series. Its 19 July 2008 premiere averaged 5.6 million viewers, 95% more viewers than Nickelodeon had received in mid-July 2007. During the week of 14 July, it ranked as the most-viewed program for the under-14 demographic. "Sozin's Comet" also appeared on iTunes' top ten list of best-selling television episodes during that same week. "Sozin's Comet"s popularity affected online media as well; "Rise of the Phoenix King", a Nick.com online game based on "Sozin's Comet", generated almost 815,000 game plays within three days.

Dark Horse Comics released an art book titled "Avatar: The Last Airbender — The Art of the Animated Series", on 2 June 2010 which contains 184 pages of the original art and creation behind the "Avatar" animated series.

"Avatar"'s success has led to some promotional advertising with third-party companies, such as Burger King and Upper Deck Entertainment. "Avatar"-themed roller coasters at Nickelodeon Universe in the Mall of America and one formerly at "Kings Island" also appeared. During the show's runtime, Nickelodeon published two special issues of "Nick Mag Presents" dedicated entirely to the show. Various members of the "Avatar" staff and cast appeared at the 2006 San Diego Comic-Con International convention, while Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko appeared with Martial Arts Consultant Sifu Kisu at the Pacific Media Expo on October 28, 2006. "Avatar" also has its own line of T-shirts, LEGO , toys, a trading card game, a cine-manga, and three video games, as well as an MMO.

The Mattel-produced action figure toy line generated some controversy with its exclusion of any female characters. Mattel came to release information stating that they have taken account of Katara's increased role within the program, and that she would be included in the figure assortment for a mid 2007 release. The figure ultimately went unreleased, however, as the entire line was cancelled before she could be produced.

Nickelodeon executives have since released optimistic plans for upcoming marketing strategies in regards to "Avatar". Nickelodeon President Cyma Zarghami openly stated his belief that the franchise "could become their "Harry Potter"". They expect consumers to spend about $121 million in 2007, rising to $254 million by 2009. The marketing plans are to be coincided with the release of the first live-action movie based on the series in 2010, which will be the first movie in a trilogy.

In the series of "Avatar: The Last Airbender" based a video game trilogy:

"Avatar: Legends of the Arena", a video game for Microsoft Windows, was launched on 25 September 2008 by Nickelodeon. Each user is able to create their own character, choose a nation, and to interact with others across the globe.

In the series of "Avatar: The Last Airbender" based the trilogy "The Last Airbender":

A series based on "Avatar: The Last Airbender" is currently in development at Nickelodeon and due for release in 2011. It will be created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. the creators of "Avatar: The Last Airbender". The show, tentatively titled "", will be a twelve-episode mini series that takes place in the same universe, 70 years after the of Fire Lord Ozai. The development period and release dates were announced at the annual Comic-Con in San Diego on 22 July 2010.

The series will focus on Korra, a teenage female protagonist and current incarnation of the Avatar, who, according to the president of Nickelodeon, will be "hotheaded, independent, and ready to take on the world". She has already mastered the elements of Water, Earth, and Fire, but needs to master Air. The character was partly inspired by Avatar Kyoshi of the original series, whom the creators say was very popular among fans. In order to avoid repetition of Aang's adventures, the creators wanted to root the show in one place, called Republic City. A concept drawing of the city, released with the announcement of the series, shows the city's design as inspired by Shanghai in the 1920s and 1930s, Hong Kong, Manhattan, and Vancouver. In the show, Korra will have to learn Airbending from master Tenzin, son of Avatar Aang and Katara, and contend with an anti-bender revolution taking place in the city.

While not targeting a different demographic than "Avatar: The Last Airbender", Michael and Bryan have stated that the show won't cover more mature subject material necessarily, just different mature subjects, "It won't be another war, but a different sort of conflict." The creators also explained that there would be some "cheesy teen romance" for the main character, Korra. At the 2010 Comic-Con, it was revealed that the creators will continue to work with Joaquim Dos Santos and Ryuki Hung on the animation and design of the show. The creators also confirmed that they will directly write all twelve episodes, explaining that as a mini-series, episode fillers will be omitted, allowing for a "really tight" and "cool" story. In late July, Jeremy Zuckerman, composer of the original series, was confirmed to be returning to score "The Legend of Korra".

A is in the works for Netflix. Production and filming began in Vancouver, British Columbia on November 16, 2021. It ended on June 17, 2022.\\ Stewart Whelan served as a cinematographer.


Toul

Toul is a city in the Northeastern part of France. There are about 17,000 people living there. Toul is a fortified town, with a long history. The people who started building the city were the Romans. It was the capital of the Leuci tribe. When the Carolingian Empire was split by the Treaty of Meerssen, in 870, Toul was given to East Francia. In the early 1800s, the importance of the city diminished, and Nancy took its place.

Blessthefall

Blessthefall is an American post-hardcore band from Phoenix, Arizona. The band was formed in 2004 and released the first album "His Last Walk" in April 2007. The lead vocalist, Craig Mabbitt leaves the band in November 2007, the bassist Jared Warth was lead vocalist/bassist, replacing the Mabbitt place touring. Mabbitt joined Escape the Fate in mid-2008. Beau Bokan joined to the band in September 2008. With Bokan, the band released the second studio album, "Witness" in October 6, 2009, with Fearless Records. The third studio album, "Awakening" will released in October 4, 2011.




Amber

Amber is the common name for fossil resin. It occurs in different colours, and is widely used for making jewellery and other ornaments. Although not mineralized, amber is sometimes considered as a gemstone.

Most of the world's amber is in the range of 30–90 million years old. Semi-fossilized resin or sub-fossil amber is called copal. Baltic amber was called 'Freya's tears' by the Norse and the 'tears of the Heliades' by the ancient Greeks.

Amber consists of several resinous bodies that can mostly dissolve in alcohol, ether and chloroform, associated with a bituminous substance that does not dissolve.

Amber is formed from resin coming out of certain trees. It is not tree sap or gum. The resin soon becomes sticky, and later fossilises as amber. The amber can look different depending on its origin, and its later geological history.

To end up as amber, the starting resin must resist decay. Many trees produce resin, but usually it is broken down by physical and biological process. Exposure to weather tends to disintegrate resin, assisted by microorganisms such as bacteria and fungi. For resin to survive long enough to become amber, it must resist such forces, or be produced under conditions that exclude them.

Baltic amber (historically called Prussian amber) is found as irregular nodules in a marine sand, known as "blue earth," in the Lower Oligocene strata of Sambia in Kaliningrad Oblast, where it is now systematically mined.

"Agathis" amber comes from the conifer "Agathis", a tree that used to grow over a much wider area.

Amber from America and Africa often comes from the "Hymenaea protera", a genus of legume tree.

The resin can contain, in addition to the beautifully preserved plant-structures, remains of insects, spiders, annelids, frogs, crustaceans and other small organisms that became trapped while it was fluid. In most cases the organic structure has disappeared, leaving only a cavity, with perhaps a trace of chitin.

Amber can be found on all continents of the earth, with exception of the pole regions, mainly at the east coast of the USA, Canada, Burma, Mexico, Lebanon, Borneo, Romania and Sicily and other places. According to scientists, the oldest amber originates from the carbon time and has an age of approximately 345 million years (Upper Carboniferous, Northumberland, USA). There is Amber in Mexico and in the Caribbean, mainly in the Dominican Republic. But most of these offer by far a smaller yield than amber found in the Baltic Region around the Baltic Sea. Baltic amber is also the best known amber due to European history. Homer mentions it in his Odyssee, Book 15, 459-465, B.C.E.: “… a necklace of gold, with amber beads was it strung between…”. Amber from the "New World" like Mexico and the Dominican Republic was commercially mined only since the last century.

Baltic Amber is found along the shores of a large part of the Baltic Sea and the North Sea. The greatest amber-producing country is the promontory of Sambia, now part of Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. About 90% of the world's extractable amber is in the Kaliningrad region of Russia on the Baltic Sea.

This amber was deposited in the late Eocene and early Oligocene in a delta of a prehistoric river, in a shallow part of a marine basin. In addition to the coast near Kaliningrad, amber is also found elsewhere in the Baltic Sea region. Small amounts of Baltic amber can even be found outside the Baltic region, for example on the coastline of the south east of England. On the evidence of Fourier-transform infrared microspectroscopy (FTIR) analysis of amber and resin from living trees, that conifers of the family Sciadopityaceae were responsible. The only living representative of this family is the Japanese umbrella pine, "Sciadopitys verticillata". 

Resin from the extinct tree Hymenaea protera is the source of Dominican amber and probably of most amber found in the tropics. Dominican amber differentiates itself from Baltic amber mainly by being nearly always transparent, and it has a higher number of fossil inclusions. This has enabled the detailed reconstruction of the ecosystem of a long-vanished tropical forest.

Amber is extensively used for beads and other ornaments, and for cigar-holders and the mouth-pieces of pipes. The Amber Room in the Catherine Palace near Saint Petersburg is notable. It is a reproduction of the original Amber Room, destroyed in WWII.

In Baltic countries, amber is often treated in autoclave, mainly to produce and enhance the colors and visual effects thus creating beautiful jewelry. When gradually heated in an oil-bath, amber becomes soft and flexible. Two pieces of amber may be united by smearing the surfaces with linseed oil, heating them, and then pressing them together while hot. Cloudy amber may be made clearer in an oil-bath, as the oil fills the numerous pores to which the turbidity is due. Small fragments, formerly thrown away or used only for varnish, are now used on a large scale in the formation of "ambroid" or "pressed amber". The pieces are carefully heated with exclusion of air and then pressed into one mass by intense hydraulic pressure, the softened amber being forced through holes in a metal plate. As mentioned, the product is extensively used for making cheap jewelry and articles for smoking.

Amber was much valued as an ornamental material in early times, but also for religious purpose. Rosary beads are used by Catholics and Muslims alike up too our days. Around 58 A.D., the Roman Emperor Nero sent a Roman knight on a search for this “Gold of the North” and brought hundreds of pounds of amber to Rome. In later days, from 1283 on, the Teutonic Knights, after returning from the crusades, became absolute rulers of Prussia and the Baltic sources of amber, as well as the manufacture of objects made of amber, punishing transgressors with death by hanging. History has it that when they arrived in 1492 at the Caribbean island of “La Hispaniola” (Dominican Republic), Columbus received from a young Taino prince a pair of shoes decorated with Dominican amber, in exchange for a strand of Baltic amber beads that he had offered. 



Resin

Resin is a mixture of organic compounds secreted by many plants, especially coniferous trees.

Plants evolved many complex chemicals as defences against herbivores. That may be the origin of these resins, which are certainly not good to eat. Plants secrete resins for their protective benefits in response to injury. 

The resin protects the plant from insects and pathogens. Resins confound a wide range of herbivores, insects, and pathogens. The volatile phenolic compounds may attract benefactors, that is, parasitoids or predators of the herbivores which attack the plant.

Humans also value resins for their many uses. They are used in varnishes, adhesives, as raw materials for organic synthesis, or for incense and perfume. Fossilized resins are the source of amber. The term is also used for synthetic substances with similar properties.

Resins contain chemicals composed of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen and sulfur. Synthetic resins are used in laminates, adhesives, flooring, linings, etc. 

Rosin, (also called 'colophony' or 'Greek pitch') is a solid form of resin. It is got from pines and some other plants, mostly conifers. Heating fresh liquid resin vaporizes light volatiles like terpenes. 

Rosin is semi-transparent and yellow to black in colour. The term "colophony" comes from "colophonia resina" or "resin from the pine trees of Colophon", an ancient Ionic city.

Rosin has hundreds of uses, of which only a few can be mentioned here. These uses fall into groups, such as:

In each type of wood, the resin comes out in a different way. There are trees in which the resin comes from the "trunk" and there are types of trees in which the resin comes out of the "tree branches".

Some countries in the world also have wood resin harvesting:


There is still no extensive agricultural research regarding the tree resins and also, the exact benefit of the resin production by the tree is currently unknown, but some possible hypotheses have been proposed such as plugging holes (scab of wounds), protection against insects that want to penetrate the tree, and preventing the growth of fungi parasites.

Varnish

Varnish is a transparent, hard, protective finish or film primarily used in wood finishing but also for other materials. Varnish is traditionally a combination of a drying oil, a resin, and a solvent.

Most resin or "gum" varnishes are made of a natural substance dissolved in a solvent. The two main types of natural varnishes are "spirit varnish" (which uses alcohol as a solvent) and turpentine or petroleum-based varnish. Some resins are soluble in both alcohol and turpentine.

Shellac is a very widely used single component resin varnish that is dissolved in alcohol. It is not used outdoors or where it will touch water several times, such as around a sink or bathtub. insects in South Asia make it.



Secretion

Secretion is the process of releasing chemicals from a cell, or from a gland.

Eukaryotic cells have a highly evolved process of secretion. 


Adhesive

An adhesive is a compound that sticks or bonds two items together. Adhesives may come from either natural or man-made material. Some modern adhesives are extremely strong, and are becoming increasingly important in modern construction and industry. Examples of adhesives include adhesive tape, glue, and sticky-tac. Some adhesives are for temporary use, like sticky-tac or the adhesive on sticky notes. Others are for more permanent bonding of small items like gluing paper or building large pieces of furniture using construction adhesive.

The first adhesives were natural gums and other plant resins. Archaeologists have found 6000-year-old ceramic vessels that had broken and been repaired using plant resin. 

The earliest known use of adhesives was discovered in central Italy when two stone flakes partially covered with birch-bark tar. This is thought to be the oldest discovered human use of adhesives. 

In Europe, glue was not used until the 1500–1700s. At this time, cabinet and furniture makers such as Thomas Chippendale and Duncan Phyfe started to use adhesives to hold their products together. In 1690, the first commercial glue plant was established in The Netherlands. This plant produced glues from animal hides. In 1750, the first British glue patent was issued for fish glue. In the 1800s, casein glues were invented and made in German and Swiss factories. In 1876, the first US patent was issued to the Ross brothers for the production of casein glue.

In 1910, a thermoset plastic known as Bakelite phenolic was made. In 1912, phenolic resin was applied to plywood as a coating varnish.

In 1920s–1940s, there was great advances in the development and production of new plastics and resins because of the First and Second World Wars.

Adhesives are usually classified by the method of adhesion. These are then classified into reactive and non-reactive adhesives, which refers to whether the adhesive chemically reacts in order to harden. They can also be classified by whether it is made from natural, or synthetic materials.

There are two types of adhesives that harden by drying. They are solvent-based adhesives and polymer dispersion adhesives. They are also known as emulsion adhesives. Solvent-based adhesives are a mixture of ingredients (usually polymers) dissolved in a solvent. White glue, contact adhesives and rubber cements are drying adhesives. As the solvent evaporates, the adhesive hardens.

A polymer based adhesive is a milky white coloured mixture that is based on polyvinyl acetate (PVA). They are used in the woodworking and packaging industries. They are also used with fabrics and in engineered products such as loudspeakers.

"Pressure-sensitive adhesives" (PSA) stick to materials when pressure is applied. The bond forms because the adhesive is soft enough to flow to the adherend. The bond is very strong because the adhesive is hard enough to resist flow.

PSAs are made for either permanent or removable applications. Examples of permanent applications include safety label for power equipment, foil tape for HVAC duct work.

Removable adhesives are made to form a temporary bond, and can be removed after months or years without leaving residue on the adherend. Removable adhesives are used in applications such as surface protection films, masking tapes, bookmark and note papers, barcode labels and price marking labels.

Contact adhesives are used in strong bonds with high shear-resistance like laminates, such as bonding Formica to a wooden counter, and in footwear. Natural rubber and polychloroprene (Neoprene) are commonly used as contact adhesives.

Contact adhesives must be applied to both surfaces. It must be allowed some time to dry. Once the surfaces are pushed together, the bond forms very quickly.

Hot adhesives, are thermoplastics applied in melted form which turns into a solid when it cools to form strong bonds between. Ethylene-vinyl acetate-based hot-melts are mainly used for crafts.

Anaerobic adhesives hardens when in comes in contact with metal, in the absence of oxygen.

"Multi-component adhesives" harden by mixing two or more chemical which react together.

There are several commercial combinations of multi-component adhesives in use in industry. Some of these combinations are:




Gum

A number of different things are called "gum":








"See also:" GUM

Natural gum

Natural gums are polysaccharides of natural origin, that can change the viscosity of a material in solution, even at small concentrations.

Mineralization

Mineralization may mean: 




Ali

Ali ibn Abi Talib (‘Alī ibn Abī Tālib) () (Approximately March 17, 599- January 28, 661) was an early Islamic leader. He was the fourth Sunni caliph and the first Shia imam.

Ali was Muhammad's cousin. He married Muhammad's daughter, Fatimah, so Ali became Muhammad's son-in-law. He was one of the earliest Muslims.

Since Ali stated that his body should remain a secret, his followers tied his body on a white camel, and went towards northern Afghanistan. Before being assassinated, Ali had reportedly given instructions to bury his body at the spot where the camel would die. At Balkh, the white camel died and Ali was buried secretly. In the 15th century, Abd al-Ghafur Lari is believed to discover Ali's tomb.



Zakarid Armenia

The Zakarid Armenia describes territories of Armenia given to the Zakarid-Mxargrzeli princes as a fief by Tamar, the queen of the Kingdom of Georgia. 

Women and Islam

The complex relationship between women and Islam is shown by both Islamic texts and the history and culture of the Muslim world. Islamic scholars maintain that the Qur'an, the holy book of Islam, affirms women's religious and moral equality.

However, sharia (Islamic law) shows the marked differences between women's and men's roles, rights, and obligations, and many Muslim-majority countries give women different rights than men with regard to marriage, divorce, civil rights, legal status, dress code, and education.

Islamic feminism is a type of feminism that focuses on women in Islam. Nawal El Saadawi is an Egyptian feminist who has written many books about women in Islam.

Chador

A chador (Persian چادر) is a piece of clothing. It is for Muslim women. In Iran, women wear a chador in public. The Chador covers all the body except the face. However some religious women, cover their faces with their chador too.

A chador is a full-length semi-circle of fabric open down the front. It is thrown over the head and held shut in front. A chador has no hand openings or closures but is held shut by the hands or by wrapping the ends around the waist.


Vortex mixer

A vortex mixer is small machine used in laboratories to mix small beakers of liquids.

Inside, a vortex mixer has an electric motor which turns a pipe facing upwards. This pipe is attached to a small rubber bowl where one can put a beaker of liquid to be mixed up. The rubber bowl turns quickly and creates a vortex or a spiral flow inside any liquid which is placed on it and is therefore mixed up. Most vortex mixers have controls which let the user control how fast or slow they want the mixer to turn and can also set it to turn continuously for a certain length of time.

Vortex mixers are used in bioscience laboratories to mix two different chemicals for a desired effect or to dilute an acid or an alkali by mixing them with water.


Niqāb

A Niqab is a piece of clothing. It is for Muslim women. Women who wear niqab in public are called Niqabi. There are many Niqabis in Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, Yemen, and Egypt. Niqabi usually covers all her body except the eyes and hands.

In France, Italy, Denmark, Austria, Switzerland, Latvia, Bulgaria, Sri Lanka, Morocco, Tunisia, Luxembourg, Belgium and the Netherlands wearing a niqab (and the burqa) in public is illegal. And in more countries, it is illegal to enter a government building, public building, public transport, schools, or to drive a vehicle with a niqab (or a burqa). 


Hira

Hira is a cave. It is on the Arabian Peninsula. Prophet Mohammad lived in this cave for forty days. Muslims believed that God spoke to Mohammad in Hira through angel Gabriel. 


Ferdowsi

Hakīm Abul-Qāsim Firdawsī Tūsī (935-1020) () or Ferdowsi is a Persian poet. Ferdowsi was born in Tus. He wrote the "Shāhnāma". Shahnama is the national epic of Iran.

Abu-Mansur Daqiqi

Hakim Abu Mansur Muhammad Ibn Ahmad Daqiqi Balkhi (935/942-976/980) (Persian: حكیم ابومنصور محمد بن احمد دقیقی بلخی) or Daqiqi was a Persian poet. He was a Zoroastrian. His slave killed him. He wrote the Goshtaspnama.

Edward VII

Edward VII (9 November 1841 – 6 May 1910) was the king of the United Kingdom from 1901 to 1910, which is called the Edwardian period. He was the first British monarch whose royal house was called the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. (King Edward's son, George V, changed the name to Windsor in 1917 and this name is in use today.)

Edward was born Albert Edward and was the oldest son of Queen Victoria and her husband, Prince Albert. He was Prince of Wales and heir apparent for longer than any other person up until that time. His mother was queen for 63 years and Edward was 59 years old when he became king. In his younger years as Prince of Wales, he was known as a playboy and popularized many trends in fashion. He married Alexandra of Denmark, but he had many mistresses.

Edward VII was the father of George V and grandfather of Edward VIII and George VI. He is also the great-grandfather of the late queen, Elizabeth II and great great grandfather to Charles III. There are a number of statues of Edward VII around the British Isles and Commonwealth realms.

Edward was given a grand state funeral with the largest gathering of royalty taken place anywhere in the 20th century. It included Wilhelm II, the "Kaiser" of the German Empire (who would later be at war with Britain) and Nicholas II, the "Tsar" of the Russian Empire, as well as many others. For the first time in royal history, Edward lay in state for the people to pay their last respects, a reflection of his immense popularity.

Edward was king for only nine years but made a lasting impression. He became increasingly popular with his people and was credited as a peacemaker for his work in maintaining world stability at a time when war seemed to be looming. He died at the age of 68 in 1910. Four years later, the peace he worked so hard to keep was broken with the start of World War I (1914–1918).


Adhesive tape

Adhesive tape is a tape that is coated with adhesive and used to stick objects together. 

Adhesive tape that will stick with application of pressure only (i.e. without activation by water, solvent or heat) is known as pressure sensitive tape. It can consist of a wide variety of tape backings and pressure sensitive adhesives.

Single-sided tapes allow joining of two overlapping or adjoining materials, while double-sided tape (adhesive on both sides) allows joining of two items back-to-back.


Tape

Tape refers to a strip of long, thin and narrow matter, usually rolled up. It can also refer to any of these.


Roman Polanski

Roman Polanski (born Rajmund Roman Thierry Polanski, 18 August 1933) is a French-Polish movie director, producer, writer and actor. In 2003, he won the Academy Award for Best Director for his film, "The Pianist".

Polanski was born in Paris, France but his family moved back to Poland in 1937. His parents were agnostics. Because the family was Jewish, they were persecuted by the Nazis in Poland and forced to live in a ghetto. Polanski's mother died at Auschwitz. He later went to film school at Lodz and graduated in 1959. Polanski won many awards for his short movies and went on to make full-length movies in the United Kingdom and the United States.

Polanski's first marriage was to actress Barbara Lass in 1959; they divorced in 1961.

While filming the movie "Fearless Vampire Killers" he met an actress named Sharon Tate. Polanski married her in 1968. In August 1969, Polanski was in London, and Tate was pregnant. Tate and some of their friends were murdered in Los Angeles, California, by people who followed Charles Manson.

Polanski dated Nastassja Kinski who later starred in his film "Tess".
Polanski's third and current wife is actress Emmanuelle Seigner, who is the mother of his daughter and son.

In 1977, Polanski got in trouble with the law in California when he was caught having sex with a 13-year-old girl called Samantha Gailey (now Geimer). Polanski went to France. In the 1990s, Polanski paid an undisclosed sum of money to the woman, in exchange for her dropping the charges. He was arrested in Switzerland in September 2009. He was arrested at the request of the United States, so Switzerland could extradite him to the United States. On July 12, 2010, the Swiss freed Polanski, and decided not to extradite him to Los Angeles. The Swiss Justice Ministry did not believe the legal strength of the United States extradition request. According to the press release, the Swiss authorities asked for copies of the proceedings that would justify the extradition. 

Polanski is still a fugitive (wanted by the police) in America. However, Geimer has said "I would love to see him resolve it, the sooner, the better...if we could just put this to rest, that would be great". Polanski apologized to Geimer in a film documentary. Bernard Kouchner, a French public official, has denounced the USA's extradition request as "sinister" because it came so long after the event.


In 2008, the documentary film by Marina Zenovich, Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired, was released in Europe and the United States where it won numerous awards.

In October 2017, Polanski returned to Poland to appear in a documentary about his childhood during the Holocaust and after the war, with his longtime friend, the photographer Ryszard Horowitz. They visited Krakow and the village, where Polanski was in hiding after fleeing the ghetto. The film is produced and directed by Mateusz Kudla and Anna Kokoszka-Romer.

Watford

Watford (pronounced "wot-fud") is a large town and borough in Hertfordshire in the East of England. 

In 2011, it had a population of 131,928 people, making it Hertfordshire's largest settlement. Despite being Hertfordshire's largest town, the county town is Hertford. 

Watford is located 15 miles north west of Central London and 16.7 miles (27.02 km) south west of Hertford and is on the banks of the River Colne.

Watford is one of the few places that are not in London to have a London Underground station and to be on the "Tube Map". Watford has four mainline train stations, Watford Junction, Watford High Street, Watford North and Garston, as well as the tube station.

Watford Junction is on the West Coast Main Line between London Euston and Glasgow Central and is also on the London Overground Watford DC line to London Euston. Watford High Street is also on this line. Watford North and Garston are on the Abbey Line to St Albans Abbey. Watford tube station is on the Metropolitan line.

Watford has a professional football club, Watford FC, who have played in the Premier League. They play their home matches at Vicarage Road Stadium.

Watford is twinned with:

Home Alone

Home Alone is a 1990 American comedy action movie mostly set in Chicago, Illinois, Paris, Dallas, and Scranton. It was written and produced by 20th Century Fox by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus. It stars Macaulay Culkin and features Joe Pesci, Daniel Stern, John Heard, Catherine O'Hara, Devin Ratray, Roberts Blossom, and John Candy.

The McCallister family is preparing to spend Christmas in Paris, gathering at Kate and Peter's home in a Chicago suburb on the night before their departure. Kate and Peter's youngest son, Kevin, is the subject of ridicule by his older siblings and cousins. Kevin inadvertently ruins the family dinner after a brief scuffle with his oldest brother Buzz, in which Kevin's airplane ticket is accidentally thrown away, resulting in Kate sending him up to the attic. Kevin berates his mother for allowing the rest of the family to pick on him and wishes that his family would disappear. During the night, heavy winds create a power outage, disabling the alarm clocks and causing the family to oversleep. In the confusion and rush to get to the airport, Kevin is accidentally left behind.

Kevin wakes to find the house empty and the family cars still in the garage, unaware that they had rented vans to take them to the airport. Thinking that his wish has come true, he is overjoyed with his newfound freedom. Later, Kevin becomes frightened by his next-door neighbor, "Old Man" Marley, who is rumored to be a serial killer who murdered his own family. The McCallister home is soon stalked by the "Wet Bandits," Harry and Marv, a pair of burglars who have been breaking into other vacant houses in the neighborhood. Kevin tricks them into thinking that his family is still home, forcing them to postpone their plans to rob the McCallister house.

Kate realizes mid-flight that Kevin was left behind, and upon arrival in Paris, the family discovers that all flights for the next two days are booked, and that the phone lines are still down back home in Chicago. Peter and the rest of the family stay in his brother's apartment in Paris, while Kate manages to get a flight back to Scranton, Pennsylvania. She tries to find a flight to Chicago, but all the flights are booked. Kate is overheard by Gus Polinski, the lead member of a traveling polka band, who offers to let her travel with them to Chicago in a moving van.

Meanwhile, on Christmas Eve, Harry and Marv finally realize that only Kevin is in the McCallister home, and Kevin overhears them discussing plans to break into the house that night. Kevin starts to miss his family and asks the local Santa Claus impersonator if he could bring his family back for Christmas. He goes to church and watches a choir perform and encounters Marley, who proves the rumors about him are false. Marley points out his granddaughter in the choir and mentions he has never met her since she is the daughter of his estranged son. Kevin suggests to Marley that he should reconcile with his son.

Kevin returns home and rigs the house with booby traps. Harry and Marv break in, spring the traps, and suffer various injuries. While Harry and Marv pursue Kevin around the house, he calls the police and lures the duo into a vacant neighboring house that they had previously broken into. Harry and Marv ambush Kevin and prepare to get their revenge, but Marley intervenes and knocks them out with his snow shovel. The police arrive and arrest Harry and Marv, having identified all the houses that they broke into due to their habit of flooding them.

On Christmas Day, Kevin is initially disappointed to find that his family is still gone, but Kate arrives home, and they reconcile. The rest of the family then returns after waiting in Paris until they can obtain a direct flight to Chicago. Kevin keeps silent about his encounter with Harry and Marv, although Peter finds Harry's knocked-out gold tooth. Kevin then watches Marley reuniting with his son, daughter-in-law, and granddaughter.

The film was very popular and was followed by five sequels (two theatrical sequels, two made-for-television films, and one reboot): "" (1992). This film brought back most of the original film's cast and has a similar plot and continuity. "Home Alone 3" (1997) had different kids and villains. "Home Alone 4: Taking Back the House" (2002) is the first made-for-television movie and features some of the main characters from the first two films, but with a new cast. Like "Home Alone 3", "" (2012) doesn't revolve around Kevin, but with newer characters and is the second made-for-television movie. A reboot of the film titled "Home Sweet Home Alone" released on November 12, 2021.

In its opening weekend, "Home Alone" grossed $17 milliion in 1,202 theaters. The film was nominated for Best Original Score and for Best Original Song.

Composer John Williams wrote the music for the movie, as well as "Home Alone 2", and some popular songs that have already existed were played during the movie as well.

"Home Alone" has become very popular around the world. Many surveys show that it is one of the most popular Christmas movies in many countries, including the United States and Ireland. It is also particularly popular as a Christmas film in Eastern Europe, particularly in Poland (see below).

Films such as "Home Alone" and "Die Hard" are very popular at Christmas time in Poland, because it was one of the first Western movies to come out in Poland since they ended communist rule. In 2000, 8.9 million Poles were watching "Home Alone" on Christmas Eve; and in 2017, about four million people (11.6% of Poland's population) were watching if on Christmas Eve.

In Polish, the movie is called "Kevin sam w domu" (meaning "Kevin [is] home alone").

In 2008, a Hindi remake of "Home Alone" was made. It was called "" and was directed by Lucky Kohli & Rajesh Bajaj. Zain Khan starred as the titular character of it. It received positive reviews from critics and was a cinematic masterpiece.

Hijab

The word hijab is used in the Qur'an to denote a partition, or a curtain, but in modern usage often refers to a woman's headscarf. This is often done amongst Muslims for females over the age of puberty. For most Muslims, the headscarf, a symbol of hijab, is worn in the presence of adult males outside their immediate family; it is not necessary when females or males are within their immediate family. However, some Muslim scholars and activists maintain that the practice of covering the hair with a hijab is not mandated in Islam. 

The word , or a derivative, appears eight times in the Qur'an and never connotes any act of piety or headscarf. It appears as an "obstacle" (7:46), a "curtain" (33:53), "hidden" (38:32), a "wall of separation" (41:5, 42:52, 17:45), "hiding" (19:14) and "prevented" or "denied access to God" (83:15).

The "hijab" as a headscarf can come in several different types, such as an ordinary veil (which only covers the head), a niqab, a burka also known as an , which covers the entire body, and any form of covering used to veil. There are many styles to wear. The Quran however has no requirement that women cover their faces with a veil, or cover their bodies with the full-body burqa or chador.

The "hijab" as a headscarf is currently required by law to be worn by women in Iran and Afghanistan. It is no longer required by law in Saudi Arabia since 2018. In Gaza, Palestinian jihadists belonging to the Unified Leadership (UNLU) have rejected a hijab policy for women. They have also targeted those who seek to impose the hijab. Other countries, both in Europe and in the Muslim world, have passed laws banning some or all types of hijab in public or in certain types of locales.


Scooby-Doo

Scooby-Doo! is an American franchise. It began as a Saturday morning cartoons in many different versions from 1969 until the present. The first series, that was called "Scooby-Doo, Where Are You", was made for Hanna-Barbera Productions. Hanna-Barbera made many versions like it and other programs like it until everything was made in NBC Television Network. Universal Studios currently makes the program.

Though the program, the characters in it and their ages have changed. These familiar versions of all the show have a dog named Scooby-Doo, and 4 teenagers: Shaggy, Daphne, Velma, and Fred. The franchise includes movies based on the Scooby-Doo franchise just like Scooby-Doo, , and Scoob!. There are both live action and animated movies based on the franchise. 

4 humans and a dog named Scooby-Doo solve mysteries in the children's TV series.

Akita (dog)

The Akita Inu is a breed of dog from Japan. It is usually high and weighs . Female Akitas are lighter. Their coat can be many colors. There are two coat types in the Akita, the standard coat length and the long coat.

Akitas originate from Akita Prefecture, in the north of Japan.
The most famous Akita Hachiko was known for his unusual loyalty to his owner.
To date, only the American Kennel Club, consider American and Japanese Akitas to be two varieties of the same breed. The United Kennel Club and the Japan Kennel Club consider Japanese and American Akitas as separate breeds.

Nezami

Nezami (Hakīm Nizām ad-Dīn Abū Muhammad Ilyās ibn-Yusūf ibn-Zakī ibn-Mu'ayyid Nezāmi Ganjavi (11411209) ) was a Persian poet. Nezāmi was born in Ganja, now Azerbaijan. He wrote five poetry books.

In 1169/1170 the king of Darband sent him the maiden Afaq, and Nizami married her. In 1174 his son Muhammad was born.
Nizami Gencevi wrote five poems. The first of them was ""Makhzan-ol-Asrâr"". The others are "Xosrov ve Shirin", "Leyli ve Mecnun", "Haft paykar" and "Isgendernoma".

List of Persian-language poets and authors

This is a list of Persian poets and writers.


Metric (band)

Metric is a Canadian band. This band started in 1998 in Toronto, Ontario.

Metric is made up of Emily Haines, a singer, and also plays the Synthesizer), James Shaw, who plays the guitar, Josh Winstead, who plays bass guitar, and drummer Joules Scott-Key. Their first CD, called "Old World Underground, Where Are You Now?"came out in 2003. Their new CD, "Live It Out", was released on October 4, 2005.

Haines and Shaw are part of a band called Broken Social Scene, and Haines has been a guest on albums by Stars, KC Accidental, Delerium, The Stills, and Jason Collett.

Their songs "Monster Hospital" and "Police and the Private" have been used on the television show "Grey's Anatomy". "Monster Hospital" has been used in the television show "".

Metric continued to work on their first CD in the first few months of 2001. The album under construction included uptempo songs such as the title track "Grow Up and Blow Away", "Raw Sugar", and "Soft Rock Star", and downtempo songs like "White Gold", "The Twist", and "Rock Me Now". "Parkdale", Haines and Shaw finished the CD in April and by this time had found a new label — Restless Records, the L.A. indie record company that supported They Might Be Giants, Agent Orange, and The Dead Milkmen. 

Metric was heard for the first time by many in August 2001 with the advertisement "Be Afraid", advertising Polaroid's I-Zone Pocket Fortune film. The music used for the advertisement was taken from the song "Grow Up and Blow Away", with the line "Why does it feel so good to die today?" changed to "Why does it feel so good to fly away?".

In 2003, Metric's first album, "Old World Underground, Where Are You Now?" came out in stores. The album got mostly positive reviews. The group released six songs individually from the album, the most successful being "Combat Baby", which was a free song on iTunes in 2004. As of December 12, 2005 the album went gold in Canada.

Two years later, Metric released their second studio album on October 4, "Live It Out". During this time, Metric was asked and agreed to open for the Rolling Stones in New York City. "Live It Out" has been a success in Canada, already selling twice as many copies as "Old World Underground, Where Are You Now?". The album has gone two times platinum in Canada, selling over 200,000 copies.

The band is currently recording their third album, to come out in October 2007 in Toronto. Information about the album without a name is not yet out to the public.
On June 26, 2007, Last Gang Records bought the songs from Metric's 1999 album Grow up and Blow Away, which had been put off due to delays.



Grow Up And Blow Away (unreleased)

Old World Underground, Where Are You Now?

Live It Out


Rudaki

Abu Abdullah Jafar ibn Mohammad ibn Hakim ibn Abdurrahman ibn Adam Rudaki Samarghandi (859 - c. 941) () or Rudaki was a Persian poet. He was born in Panjakent, Tajikistan and lived in Samarghand. Rudaki translated the old Indian fable book Panchatantra into Persian verse. His poems are collected in diwan.

Reference


Baba Taher

Baba Taher () was a Persian poet. He lived in Hamadan, a city in Iran. Baha Taher songs are read in Pahlavi languages. His tomb is in Hamadan, western Iran.

Amir Khosrow

Hakīm Abul-Hasan Yamīn al-Dīn Khusrow Balkhi Dehlavi (1253-1325) () or Amir Khosrow is a Persian poet. Amir Khusrow lived in Delhi. His poems are in Persian and Hindi. 

Allaudin Khilji (1296 A.D - 1316 A.D) had a court minister named Hazrat Amir Khusro who was said to be highly gifted in music with an exceptionally innovative mind. His contribution to Hindustani classical music was said to be unmatched. It is also said that he created the Sitar (probably inspired by the Veena and other string instruments of Persia). The modification of the Pakhawaj into the Tabla is also credited to him.

It has also been said that Amir Khusro introduced many styles of singing including Khayal, Tarana, Ghazal and Qawali. He is credited for some most popular Ragas like Yaman, Poorya and Poorvi.

Hafez

Khwajeh Shams al-Din Muhammad Hafez-e Shirazi (also spelled Hafiz) (born between 1310 and 1337, believed to have died at age 69) () or Hafez is a Persian poet. Hafez was born in Shiraz, Iran. Hafez learnt the Quran by heart at an early age. His poems are collected in Divan e Hafez. William Jones translated his work into English in 1771.

Despite his profound effect on Persian life and culture and his enduring popularity and influence, few details of his life are known, and particularly about his early life there is a great deal of more or less mythical anecdote. Some of the early tazkeras (biographical sketches) mentioning Hafez are generally considered unreliable. One early document discussing Hafez' life is the preface of his Divān, which was written by an unknown contemporary of Hafez whose name may have been Moḥammad Golandām. The generally accepted modern edition of Hafez's Divān is known as "Qazvini-Ḡani", edited by Moḥammad Qazvini and Qāsem Ḡani.

Many semi-miraculous mythical tales were woven around Hāfez after his death. Four of them are:




Forough Farrokhzad

Forough Farrokhzad (January 5, 1935 — February 13, 1967) () was an Iranian poetess. She lived in Tehran. In 1967, she died in a car accident. She was thirty-two. Maryam Dilmaghani translated her poems to English in 2006.

Ahmad Shamlou

Ahmad Shamlou (December 12, 1925 – July 24, 2000) () or Shamlou was a Persian poet, writer and journalist. In 1954, he was arrested. He was freed in 1955. Shamlou published more than seventy books. He wrote short stories, novels, plays, essays and poems. He died in Tehran and was buried in Karaj.

Parvin E'tesami

Parvin E'tesami (March 17, 1907 – April 5, 1941; ) is an Iranian poetess. She was daughter of Yosuf E'tesami, Iranian poet and writer. She started poetry when she was 9. Alladin Pazargadi translated her works from Persian into English in 2000.

Hafiz

Hafiz or Hafez may mean:

Jihad

Jihad (; ) is an Arabic word which literally means "striving" or "struggling", especially with a praiseworthy aim. In an Islamic context, it can refer to holy war or almost any effort to make personal and social life conform with God's guidance, such as struggle against one's evil inclinations, proselytizing, or efforts toward the moral betterment of the Muslim community ("Ummah"), though it is most frequently associated with war. In classical Islamic law ("sharia"), the term refers to armed struggle against unbelievers, while modernist Islamic scholars generally equate military "jihad" with defensive warfare. In Sufi circles, spiritual and moral jihad has been traditionally emphasized under the name of "greater jihad". The term has gained additional attention in recent decades through its use by various insurgent Islamic extremist, militant Islamist, and terrorist individuals and organizations whose ideology is based on the Islamic notion of "jihad".

The word "jihad" appears frequently in the Qur'an with and without military connotations, often in the idiomatic expression "striving in the path of God "(al-jihad fi sabil Allah)"", conveying a sense of self-exertion. Scholars developed an elaborate set of rules pertaining to "jihad", including prohibitions on harming those who are not engaged in combat.
In the modern era, the notion of "jihad" has lost its jurisprudential relevance and instead given rise to an ideological and political discourse. While modernist Islamic scholars have emphasized the defensive and non-military aspects of "jihad", some Islamists have advanced aggressive interpretations that go beyond the classical theory.

Jihad is classified into inner ("greater") "jihad", which involves a struggle against one's own base impulses, and external ("lesser") "jihad", which is further subdivided into "jihad of the pen/tongue" (debate or persuasion) and "jihad of the sword". Most Western writers consider external "jihad" to have primacy over inner "jihad" in the Islamic tradition, while much of contemporary Muslim opinion favors the opposite view. Gallup analysis of a large survey reveals considerable nuance in the conceptions of "jihad" held by Muslims around the world.

The sense of jihad as armed resistance was first used in the context of persecution faced by Muslims, as when Muhammad was at Mecca, when the community had two choices: emigration (hijra) or jihad. In Twelver Shi'a Islam, "jihad" is one of the ten Practices of the Religion. A person engaged in "jihad" is called a "mujahid" (plural: "mujahideen"). The term "jihad" is often rendered in English as "Holy War", although this translation is controversial. Today, the word "jihad" is often used without religious connotations, like the English "crusade".

It is an official part of Shia Islam, but it is not an official part of Sunni Islam, though some call it the sixth pillar of Islam. In some cases, there have been 'Jihads' that have self immolated themselves, in order to get into heaven. There are suicide bombers, who blow themselves up, because they think that it is right and that they are cleaning the world's filth. This is, however, wrong in Islam. It is a major sin to commit suicide or homicide without a good reason. Killing another human being in Islam is the equivalent of killing all of humanity if not done with a good reason. On the contrary, saving another human being's life is the equivalent of saving all of humanity.

The sense of jihad as armed resistance was first used in the context of persecution faced by Muslims, as when Muhammad was at Mecca, when the community had two choices: emigration (hijra) or jihad. In Twelver Shia Islam, jihad is one of the ten Practices of the Religion. A person engaged in "jihad" is called a mujahid (plural: mujahideen). The term jihad is often rendered in English as "Holy War", although this translation is controversial. Today, the word jihad is often used without religious connotations, like the English crusade.

Postfix notation

Postfix notation is a mathematical notation. It is a way to write down equations and other mathematical formulae. Postfix notation is also known as Reverse Polish Notation. The notation was invented by Charles Hamblin in 1920. He wanted to simplify writing logic equations. He used Jan Łukasiewicz's prefix notation.

When postfix notation is used, no grouping elements (like parenthesis) are needed.

Some computer languages, like Postscript use Postfix notation. It is also used in some models of Hewlett-Packard calculators

With postfix notation, the operations are noted after their arguments. Because of this, postfix is relatively easy to do with computers that have a stack to do calculations.

Reverse Polish Notation uses a system that involve "stacks", each of which stores a certain value in specific ranks. The stacks usually start off with the first stack (often called the X stack), followed by the second stack (often called the Y stack), the third stack, and so on. New values can be entered on the first stack by pushing up the stack ranks by one. On a Reverse Polish Notation calculator, the "Enter" function would do the same. 

Using a common operator (plus, minus, multiply, or divide) will make the operator act from the first stack to the second stack. For example, the Reverse Polish Notation "12 3 /" means "take the numbers 12 and 3, then divide 12 by 3". On a Reverse Polish Calculator, this is written as "12 Enter 3 /", to denote each declared ranking up of the stacks.

Reverse Polish Notation is able to deal with expressions involving brackets too. Suppose there is a normal equation "4 * (5 + 8)". In Reverse Polish Notation, this expression will be formatted as "5 8 + 4 *". The "5 8 +" part refers to the bracket "5 + 8" to equal 13. The "4 *" part refers to multiplying the result together to get 52. On that step, the resulting stack from adding 5 and 8 is automatically raised one rank after adding in the new value 4. Then using the multiply operator will multiply the sum of 5 and 8 by 4 will equal 52.

Documentation included with early Hewlett-Packard calculators explained RPN as the same method you would use to evaluate an expression using paper and pencil. Basically, first you write down the arguments and then perform the arithmetic function. From the calculator's perspective, you must provide the argument(s) before calling the function. The benefit of a calculator with RPN is that you are always certain to which numbers (or intermediate calculation results) a function is being applied.

Infix notation

Infix notation is the commonly used arithmetic and logical formula notation. The operators are written between the operands they act on (e.g. 2 + 2). It is not as simple to parse by computer as prefix notation ( e.g. + 2 2 ) or postfix notation ( e.g. 2 2 + ), but many programming languages use it due to its familiarity.

In infix notation, parentheses are necessary to show the order of the operations. In prefix or postfix notation no parenthesis are needed.

When there are no parentheses, there are rules that show the order of operations. The rules are explained in the order of operations article.



Fiqh

Fiqh or Islamic jurisprudence () is an expansion of Sharia law and is meant to be used with fatwas by Islamic clerics (known as 'Ulema' in Arabic) to help Muslims not break Sharia law. Fiqh is a section of Islamic law which deals with acts of Muslim, that includes both worship and daily life actions. 
In Sunni Islam there are four main schools of thought, they are:


<nowiki>**</nowiki>Islamic jurisprudence or Feqh illustrates Islamic Law for Acts of Worship such as Prayer, Zakat, Fasting, Hajj, and Purification.

The different schools of thought are not different beliefs but different views .

In Shia Islam there is one main school of thought, it is called Ja'fari

source: https://www.al-feqh.com/en

Dir en grey

Dir en grey is a rock band from Japan. They began in 1997. They have recorded twenty eight singles, three EPs and eight albums, of which they have released three in Europe and two in the United States.

Vocal Kyou use growl, falset, mixvoice and hoistle voice in their music. Their music mixes rock and metal with tribal music. Many visual kei bands are influenced by Dir en grey.



Hurricane Wilma

Hurricane Wilma was the most intense tropical cyclone ever recorded in terms of pressure in the Atlantic Ocean. It destroyed parts of the Yucatán Peninsula and southern Florida during October in the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Wilma broke several records for both strength and seasonal activity. Wilma was only the third Category 5 ever to develop in the month of October, and with its formation, the 2005 season became the most active hurricane season on record, exceeding a total of 21 storms from the 1933 season. Wilma was the twenty-second storm (including it was a subtropical storm as discovered in reanalysis), thirteenth hurricane, sixth major hurricane, and fourth Category 5 hurricane of the record-breaking Atlantic hurricane season.

The meteorological history of Hurricane Wilma, the strongest tropical cyclone known in the Western Hemisphere, began in the second week of October 2005. A big weather system formed across much of the Caribbean Sea and slowly organized to the southeast of Jamaica. By late on October 15, the system had become strong enough for the National Hurricane Center to name it Tropical Depression Twenty-Four.

The depression slowly moved southwestward, and in conditions that were good for strengthening, it strengthened into Tropical Storm Wilma on October 17. In the beginning, development was slow because of its large size, although thunderstorms slowly organized. From October 18, and over the next day, Wilma underwent explosive deepening over the open waters of the Caribbean; in a 30-hour period, the system's central atmospheric pressure dropped from 982 mbar (29.00 inHg) to the record-low value of 882 mbar (26.05 inHg), while the winds increased to 185 mph (300 km/h). At its strongest, the pinhole eye of Wilma was about 3 miles (5 km) in diameter, the smallest known eye in an Atlantic hurricane. After the inner eye died off because of an eyewall replacement cycle, Wilma weakened to Category 4 status, and on October 21, it made landfall on Cozumel and on the Mexican mainland with winds of about 150 mph (240 km/h).

Wilma weakened over the Yucatán Peninsula, and reached the southern Gulf of Mexico before speeding up northeastward. Despite increasing amounts of wind shear, the hurricane re-strengthened to hit Cape Romano, Florida as a major hurricane. Wilma weakened as it quickly crossed the state, and entered the Atlantic Ocean near Jupiter, Florida. The hurricane again re-intensified before cold air and wind shear penetrated the inner core of convection. On October 26, it turned into an extratropical cyclone, and the next day, the remnants of Wilma were absorbed by another extratropical storm over Atlantic Canada.

Yucatán Peninsula

The Yucatán Peninsula is a peninsula in North America. It separates the Caribbean Sea from the Gulf of Mexico. The peninsula is east of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, a northwestern geographic divider, separating Central America from the rest of North America.

Before the conquistadores came, the peninsula was the home of the Mayan civilization.

The peninsula includes the Mexican states of Yucatán, Campeche, and Quintana Roo; the northern part of Belize; and Guatemala's northern department of El Petén. Mexican states on the isthmus to the south and west of the peninsula include Chiapas and Tabasco. 

The Chicxulub crater is on the north coast. It is believed to be made by the impact that led to the extinction of the dinosaurs.

Clarksville, Tennessee

Clarksville is a city in Montgomery County, Tennessee, USA. Clarksville is the county seat of Montgomery County and is Tennessee's fifth largest city. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 166,722. Clarksville is the central city of the Clarksville metropolitan area, which is made up of Montgomery and Stewart counties in Tennessee, and Christian and Trigg counties in Kentucky.

The city has several nicknames: "The Queen City", "Gateway to the New South", and "Clarksvegas" (The name of a former bar in town).

Live Earth

Live Earth was a series of concerts held on July 7, 2007, and were organized by Al Gore, who used to be the vice president. Inspired by Live Aid and Live 8, Live Earth was held to raise awareness about global warming. It was held in cities on every continent in the world, even Antarctica, and stars like Madonna and the Foo Fighters came out to help.


Presenters: 



Presenters:

Presenters:


Presenters:

Presenters:


Presenters:



Presenters:



Wembley Stadium (1923)

Wembley Stadium was a sports arena in London , England. It was built in 1923 and was first known as the Empire Stadium, but because the area it was in is named "Wembley," it was renamed "Wembley Stadium." It featured twin towers by the entrance.

As well as being a sports arena, it had also been the site for several concerts. The most famous one is the Live Aid concert held there in July of 1985.

In 2000, Wembley Stadium was closed. In 2003, it was demolished, and a brand-new stadium with the same name was put up in its place.

Inch of mercury

The inch of mercury (inHg or "Hg) was a non-SI unit of pressure. It was used for measuring barometric pressure, (the thickness of air), in weather forecasts, and aviation (flying), but was replaced by the pascal.

It is the amount of pressure that a column of mercury that is one inch tall has at 0 °C at the standard acceleration of gravity, or how fast things speed up as they are falling because of gravity.

Lou Costello

Louis Francis Cristillo (March 6, 1906 – March 3, 1959), better known as Lou Costello, was an American comedian, actor and producer. He was best known for his double act with straight man Bud Abbott and their routine "Who's on First?".

Kirstie Alley

Kirstie Louise Alley (January 12, 1951 – December 5, 2022) was an American actress. She was famous for her role in the TV show "Cheers", where she played Rebecca Howe from 1987 to 1993. She won an Emmy as the "Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series" for 1991. A year later, she won a Golden Globe for her acting in "Cheers" as well. She also won an Emmy in 1994 for her role in the TV drama show "David's Mother". 

Other roles that have been well-liked by the public and the critics that Alley is known for include: playing Diane Barrows in "It Takes Two" and a single mother in "Look Who's Talking", "Look Who's Talking Too", and "Look Who's Talking Now" (all co-starring John Travolta). Alley has won two People's Choice Awards in the years 1991 and 1998.

Alley was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7000 Hollywood Boulevard.

From 1971 until 1977 Kirstie was married to Robert Alley. They began dating in high school and were distant cousins.

From 1983 until 1997 she was married to Parker Stevenson. They had two children, son William True Stevenson (born September 28, 1992) and daughter Lillie Price Stevenson (born June 15, 1994). William and Lillie were adopted.

Alley was raised Methodist but was more recently a member of the Church of Scientology. In 2007, Alley gave $5 million to the Church of Scientology.

After a battle with cancer, Alley died on December 5, 2022 at age 71.


Seth Adkins

Seth Elijah Adkins (born October 30, 1989) is an American actor. He made his debut in the mid-1990s as a child artiste in the TV shows Small Talk and Sabrina, the Teenage Witch in 1996 and the films ...First Do No Harm and Titanic in 1997. He later made a successful transition to an adult performer. One of his most recent roles was in Matt Reeves' Let Me In (2010). He is also the current actor for Walt Disney's Pinocchio.

Adkins was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He has two elder brothers, Zachary (b. 1978) and Josh (b. 1981). His father is a principal and his mother a former teacher. At an early age and with the support of his parents, Adkins followed his older brother into the acting profession. He graduated in 2008 from the Public Academy for Performing Arts.

Adkins made his debut in 1996, in the shows Small Talk and in Sabrina, the Teenage Witch. He appeared in the series ER, and C-16: FBI, and in the films ...First Do No Harm, Stir, Titanic. He voiced Duby in the film Baby Geniuses. He had a role in the television movie Wuthering Heights, and in the feature films Funky Monkey, Bad News Bears, Privileged, and Let Me In. Adkins also appeared in the television series CSI: Miami and Touched by an Angel, Judging Amy, NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service, and Crash.


Danny Aiello

Daniel Louis Aiello, Jr. (June 20, 1933 – December 12, 2019) was an Italian-American actor. He was in many movies. These include "Once Upon a Time in America", "Ruby", "", "Hudson Hawk", "The Purple Rose of Cairo", "Moonstruck", "", "Two Days in the Valley", and "Dinner Rush". He is most famous for his role in the 1989 Spike Lee movie "Do the Right Thing". 

Aiello was nominated for a "Best Supporting Actor" Academy Award in 1990 for his role as Sal, the pizzeria owner. He won an Emmy Award in 1981.

Aiello was born in New York City. He died on December 12, 2019, at the age of 86 at a hospital in Saddle River, New Jersey. He had an infection caused by medical treatment.



Claude Akins

Claude Marion Akins was an American actor (born May 25, 1926, in Nelson, Georgia - died January 27, 1994, in Altadena, California). With his big body and deep voice, Akins usually played the clever (or less than clever) tough guy, on the side of good or bad, in movies and television. He is famous as "Sheriff Lobo" in the 1970s TV series "B.J. and the Bear", and later "The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo", a spinoff series.


Don Adams

Don Adams (April 13, 1923 – September 25, 2005), born Donald James Yarmy, was an American actor, comedian and director. He was best known for his role as Maxwell Smart (Agent 86) in the TV situation comedy "Get Smart" (1965–1970, 1995), for which he also directed and wrote. Adams won three consecutive Emmy Awards for his role (1967–1969). He was also famous for voicing the cartoon characters Tennessee Tuxedo and Inspector Gadget.


Ben Affleck

Benjamin Géza Affleck-Boldt (born August 15, 1972) is an American actor, movie director, producer and screenwriter. He became well known in the late 1990s, after acting in the movie "Good Will Hunting". He has since become a Hollywood star having acted in several movies.

Affleck began playing the role of Batman in the DC Extended Universe beginning with the 2016 movie "".

Affleck was born in Berkeley, California and grew up in Cambridge, Massachusetts. His mother, Christine Anne "Chris" Affleck (née Boldt), was a school district employee and teacher. His father, Timothy Byers Affleck, has been a drug counselor, social worker, janitor, auto mechanic, bartender, writer, director, and actor with the Theater Company of Boston. After learning that he had slave-owning ancestors from Savannah, Georgia, he tried to hide it but got caught and apologized.

Affleck's mother was a freedom rider in the 1960s; until her retirement, she was a public school teacher in Cambridge, Massachusetts. His younger brother is actor Casey Affleck. He has English, Irish, Scottish, German, Swedish, Swiss, Northern Irish (Scots-Irish), Welsh and French ancestry. The surname "Affleck" is of Scottish origin, and his middle name, "Géza", was the name of a family friend. He was raised in a mostly Episcopalian family.

From 2005 to 2018, he was married to actress Jennifer Garner. In 2022, he married singer Jennifer Lopez. He has three children with Garner.


The Cosby Show

The Cosby Show was an American television sitcom starring Bill Cosby, first broadcast on September 20, 1984 and ran for eight seasons on the NBC television network, until April 30, 1992.

The series was based on comedy routines in Cosby's stand-up comedy act, which in turn were based on his family life. 

The show was about the Cosby family, an upper middle class African-American family living in Brooklyn, New York City.

Wembley Stadium

Wembley Stadium is a football stadium in London, England. It was built from 2003 to 2007 in the same spot that the first Wembley Stadium was built. It holds 90,000 seats. The new stadium features an arch that was designed not to cast a shadow over the stadium while games are played and to help hold part of the roof up. The FA Cup final is played at and both FA Cup semi-finals as well. It also hosts the League Cup final and several other English cup finals. The England national football team play their home matches here.

As well as sports, the new Wembley Stadium, like the first one, is also used for concerts. Metallica, Muse, and George Michael have performed there. Also, the Concert for Diana was held there on July 1, 2007, and the London Live Earth concert was held there six days later, on July 7.

The new Wembley also hosts NFL games as part of the NFL International Series. The first NFL game there was the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins. The Jacksonville Jaguars currently have a deal to play one home game in London from 2013 to 2020. Wembley stadium now has the rule of no bags allowed in the stadium following the example from previous NFL games. Anything bigger than an A4 sized bag will result in a 10 pounds charge to store it.


Port Dover Composite School

Port Dover Composite School was a public high school in Port Dover, Ontario, Canada. The high school was open to both men and women. There were no school uniforms and it is free for Canadian citizens to attend from ages 14 to 21 years of age. In the past, the school hosted a dinosaur music party in French as well as other special events.

This high school was officially closed on January 31, 2013 due to an increasing amount of elderly people in the area and a decreasing amount of children and young people.

Rouben Mamoulian

Rouben Mamoulian (Armenian: Ռուբեն Մամուլյան) (October 8, 1897 – December 4, 1987) was an Armenian-American movie and theatre director.

Born in Tbilisi, Georgia (ruled at that time by imperial Russia) to an Armenian family, Rouben relocated to England and started directing plays in London in 1922. He moved to America the next year to teach in Eastman School of Music and was involved in directing opera and theatre. In 1930, he became a naturalized citizen of the United States.

Ivan Aivazovsky

Ivan Aivazovsky (Russian: Иван Константинович Айвазовский, Armenian: Հովհաննես Այվազովսկի - Hovhannes Aivazovsky July 29, 1817 – May 5, 1900) was an Armenian painter, most famous for his seascapes, which make up more than half of his paintings.

Thistle tube

A thistle tube is made of glass and is used in laboratories to add liquid to beakers of other liquids or sometimes to other pieces of equipment.

A thistle tube is a long hollow pole of glass which has a funnel at the top. Liquid is put into the top and travels down the tube and comes out the thin end of the tube in small drips which can be used anywhere. It is usually quite precise.


World Meteorological Organization

The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) is an international organization with a membership of 188 Member States and Territories. It was originally known as the International Meteorological Organization (IMO), which was founded in 1873. 

In 1950, the United Nations created the WMO for meteorology (weather and climate), operational hydrology and related geophysical sciences. Its headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland. The current president is Alexander Bedritsky and the current Secretary-General is Michel Jarraudwho were both elected by the 14th World Meteorological Congress in 2003.



Static mixer

A static mixer is a piece of equipment that is used to mix liquids in laboratories. It has a unique shape.

A static mixer is made up of rectangular plates twisted around at 180° so that they make a double-helix shape.

Liquids flow along the curves of the static mixer and also are separated by the smooth sides of the mixer. The mixer can also be turned clockwise, or right, and then quickly turned counter-clockwise, or left. This creates opposite currents in the liquid and mixes it more efficiently.

The static mixer can be used to mix acids and alkalis for a neutralization. It can also be used to mix two liquids that normally wouldn't mix, like oil and water (see emulsion). It separates the particles of the water and oil until they become so small that they mix.




Komárno

Komárno is a town in the southwest of Slovakia. It is an important, historical town which is famous for having a historical fortification.

The river Vah flows into the Danube at Komárno. The Danube at this point forms the border between the countries Slovakia and Hungary. The Hungarian name for the town is Komárom.

At first there was just one town, with the Danube flowing through the middle of the town. Since the end of World War I, when Czechoslovakia became a separate country from Hungary, the town has been split into two: Komárno is on the left (north) bank of the river, now in Slovakia, and Komárom is on the right (south) bank of the river, in Hungary. Komárno has a population of 37.000 and Komárom has a population of 19.600. The two towns are joined by a bridge.

People have lived in the area of Komárno for thousands of years. The first castle was built in the 10th century. In 1244 a law was made which said that every merchant who sailed a boat down the Danube past Komárno had to stop for several days in Komárno and unload all the cargo so that people could buy it if they wanted. If the merchant did not want to do this he had to pay a large duty (amount of money) to continue his journey. This law was stopped in 1751. 

In the 15th century Komárno had become very important. The rulers and the court of the kingdom of Hungary often stayed there. The fortress was very powerful and they managed to fight off Turkish invaders after the Turks had already captured Esztergom and Buda. The fort was badly damaged in 1783 in an earthquake, but it was built up again because of the Napoleonic wars.

Today Komárno is a nice town to visit. There are many tourist attractions, especially the fort which is on the Hungarian side of the town (Komárom). There are also spa health centres where people can swim or bathe gently in the waters which help to make people who are ill healthy again. 

Famous people who were born in Komárno are: 


Komarno

Komarno (, , ) is a city in the Horodok Raion (district) of the Lviv Oblast (province) in western Ukraine. 4,000 people live there. It was founded in 1324. In the center of town is an old Polish Kostel (Catholic Church). There is also an old wooden church with ancient icons. The river Vereshytsia flows through the town. 

The Hasidic dynasty of Komarno comes from this town.

Correlation

In statistics and probability theory, correlation is a way to indicate how closely related two sets of data are.

Correlation does not always mean that one causes the other. In fact, it is very possible that there is a third factor involved.

Correlation usually has one of two directions. These are positive or negative. If it is positive, then the two sets go up together. If it is negative, then one goes up while the other goes down.

Lots of different measurements of correlation are used for different situations. For example, on a scatter graph, people draw a line of best fit to show the direction of the correlation. 

"Strong" and "weak" are words used to describe the strength of correlation. If there is strong correlation, then the points are all close together. If there is weak correlation, then the points are all spread apart.
There are ways of making numbers show how strong the correlation is. These measurements are called correlation coefficients. The best known is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient, sometimes denoted by formula_1 or its Greek equivalent formula_2. You put in data into a formula, and it gives you a number between -1 and 1. If the number is 1 or −1, then there is strong correlation. If the answer is 0, then there is no correlation. Another kind of correlation coefficient is Spearman's rank correlation coefficient.

Correlation does not always mean that one thing causes the other (causation), because there might be something else that is at play.

For example, on hot days people buy ice cream, and people also go to the beach where some are eaten by sharks. There is a correlation between ice cream sales and shark attacks (they both go up as the temperature goes up in this case). But just because ice cream sales go up does not mean ice cream sales cause (causation) more shark attacks or vice versa.

Because correlation does not imply causation, scientists, economists, etc. will test their theories by creating isolated environments where only one factor is changed (where this is possible). However, politicians, salesmen, news outlets and others often suggest that a particular correlation implies causation. This may be due to ignorance or a wish to persuade. Thus, a news report may attract attention by saying that people who consume a particular product more often have a particular health problem, implying a causation that could be actually due to something else.




Sunscreen

Sunscreen (also known as sunblock, or sun cream) is a photo-protective topical product that helps prevent skin damage from ultraviolet (UV) radiation emitted by the sun. It reduces sunburn and other skin damage, with the goal lowering your risk of skin cancer. 

The most effective sunscreens protect against both UVB (ultraviolet radiation with wavelength between 290 and 320 nanometres), which can cause sunburn, and UVA (between 320 and 400 nanometres), which damages the skin with more long-term effects, such as premature skin aging. Most sunscreens work by containing either a petrochemical compound that absorbs ultraviolet light (such as oxybenzone) or minerals that reflects light (such as titanium dioxide, zinc oxide), or a combination of both.

Sunscreen is regulated as an OTC product by the FDA. Most sunscreens are not considered reef safe as they use petrochemicals. As such the use of petrochemical based sunscreen has been banned in ecological and progressive area's, such as, Mexico's Marine Reserves, the State of Hawaii, Aruba, Thailand's National Park areas, the Marshal Islands.

First Council of Nicaea

The First Council of Nicaea was held in Nicaea, in Bithynia in 325. Nicea is the city of Iznik in Turkey. The Roman Emperor Constantine I called the bishops of the Roman Empire to the first ecumenical conference of the early Christian Church. It had as most important result the first uniform Christian doctrine, called the Nicene Creed.

With the creation of the creed, a precedent was established for subsequent 'general (ecumenical) councils of Bishops' (Synods) to create statements of belief and church law. The purpose was to define unity of beliefs for the whole of Christendom.

The agenda of the synod were:

The purpose of the council was to resolve disagreements in the Church of Alexandria over the nature of Jesus in relationship to the Father; in particular, whether Jesus was of the same substance as God the Father or merely of similar substance. St. Alexander of Alexandria and Athanasius took the first position; the popular presbyter Arius, from whom the term Arian controversy comes, took the second. The council decided against the Arians (of the estimated 250-318 attendees, all but 2 voted against Arius). But many of the Eastern bishops who were pro-Arian, were prevented from reaching the Council until after the vote had been taken.

Another result of the council was an agreement on the date of the Christian Passover ("Pascha" in Greek; Easter in modern English), the most important feast of the ecclesiastical calendar. The council decided in favour of celebrating the resurrection on the first Sunday after the first full moon following the vernal equinox, independently of the Bible's Hebrew calendar and authorized the Bishop of Alexandria to announce annually the exact date to his fellow bishops.

The Council of Nicaea was historically significant because it was the first effort to come to a consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom. "It was the first occasion for the development of technical Christology." Further, "Constantine in convoking and presiding over the council signaled a measure of imperial control over the church." With the creation of the Nicene Creed, a precedent was established for subsequent general councils to create a statement of belief and canons which were intended to become guidelines for doctrinal orthodoxy and a source of unity for the whole of Christendom — a momentous event in the history of the Church and subsequent history of Europe.

The First Council of Nicaea was called by Constantine I upon the recommendations of a synod led by Hosius of Cordoba in the Eastertide of 325. To most bishops, the teachings of Arius were heretical and a danger to the salvation of souls. In the summer of 325, the bishops of all provinces came to Nicaea (now known as İznik, in modern-day Turkey), a place easily accessible to the majority of them, particularly those of Asia Minor, Syria, Palestine, Egypt, Greece, and Thrace.

Approximately 300 bishops attended, from every region of the Empire except Britain. This was the first general council in the history of the Church since the Apostolic Council of Jerusalem. In the Council of Nicaea, “The Church had taken her first great step to define doctrine more precisely in response to a challenge from a heretical theology.” The resolutions in the council, being ecumenical, were intended for the whole Church.

Constantine had invited all 1800 bishops of the Christian church (about 1000 in the east and 800 in the west), but only 250 to 320 bishops actually participated. Eusebius of Caesarea counted 250, Athanasius of Alexandria counted 318, and Eustathius of Antioch counted 270 (all three were present at the council). Later, Socrates Scholasticus recorded more than 300, and Evagrius, Hilarius, Jerome and Rufinus recorded 318.

The bishops were given free travel to the council, as well as lodging. These bishops did not travel alone; each one had permission to bring with him two priests and three deacons; so the total number of attendees would have been above 1500. Eusebius speaks of an almost innumerable host of accompanying priests, deacons and acolytes.

A special prominence was also attached to this council because the persecution of Christians had just ended with the February 313 Edict of Milan by Emperors Constantine and Licinius.

The Eastern bishops formed the great majority. Of these, the first rank was held by the three patriarchs: Alexander of Alexandria, Eustathius of Antioch, and Macarius of Jerusalem.
The Latin-speaking provinces sent at least five representatives: Marcus of Calabria from Italia, Cecilian of Carthage from Africa, Hosius of Córdoba from Hispania, Nicasius of Dijon from Gaul, and Domnus of Stridon from the province of the Danube. Pope Silvester I did not attend, telling he was ill, but he was represented by two priests.

Athanasius of Alexandria, a young deacon and companion of Bishop Alexander of Alexandria, was among the assistants. Athanasius eventually spent most of his life battling against Arianism. Alexander of Constantinople, then a presbyter, was also present as representative of his aged bishop.




Oscypek

Oscypek (in Polish, "Oštiepok" in Slovak language) is a smoked cheese from Poland and Slovakia.

Oscypek was originally made from sheep's milk, but it can also be made from cow's milk.

Bigos

Bigos is a traditional dish from Poland and Lithuania. Bigos is created from cabbage (normal and sauerkraut) and meat. In very rare cases bigos can be made without meat or cabbage, but the presence of sauerkraut is absolutely essential.


Kaliber 44

Kaliber 44 is a hip hop band from Poland. It was created in 1994 by Piotr Łuszcz ("Magik"), Marcin Marten ("AbraDab") and Michał Marten ("Joka"). The first part of the title should indicate the caliber of the issues the group is talking about. The second part is taken from 'Dziady' of Adam Mickiewicz (Vision of the priest Peter).



Lupin

Lupin, often spelled lupine in North America, is the common name for members of the genus Lupinus in the family Fabaceae. 

There are between 150 and 200 species. They grow all over the Mediterranean region - Subgen. Lupinus, and the Americas - Subgen. Platycarpos (Wats.) Kurl.
The species are mostly herbaceous perennial plants 0.3-1.5 m tall, but some are annual plants and a few are shrubs up to 3 m tall, with one, Lupinus jaimehintoniana, a tree 8 m high with a trunk 20 cm in diameter, from the Mexican state of Oaxaca. They have a characteristic and easily recognised leaf shape, with soft green to grey-green or silvery leaves with the blades usually palmately divided into 5–17 leaflets or reduced to a single leaflet in a few species of the southeastern United States; in many species, the leaves are hairy with silvery hairs, often densely so. The flowers are produced in dense or open whorls on an erect spike, each flower 1-2 cm long, with a typical peaflower shape with an upper 'standard', two lateral 'wings' and two lower petals fused as a 'keel'. The fruit is a pod containing several seeds.

In New Zealand lupins have escaped into the wild and grow in large numbers along main roads and streams in South Island. The seeds are carried by car tires and water flow, and unfortunately, some tourist shops in the major tourist areas have been reported to have sold packets of lupin seeds to tourists, with the instructions to plant, water and watch them grow into a giant beanstalk. They are principally blue, pink and violet, with some yellow, and are very attractive, providing colourful vistas with a backdrop of mountains and lakes. The New Zealand environment authorities have a campaign to reduce their numbers, although this seems a hopeless task, especially when faced with such ignorance as mentioned above. In fields they seem to be eradicated by sheep, and hence remain largely restricted to ungrazed roadside verges and stream banks.

5. Diaporthe toxica sp.nov., the cause of lupinosis in sheep. Williamson et al. 1994, Mycological Research 98 (12) 1364-1365


Bar (unit)

The bar (symbol bar), decibar (symbol dbar) and the millibar (symbol mbar, also mb) are units of pressure. They are not SI units, but they are anyhow also used with (although discouraged) for use with the SI. The bar is still used in descriptions of pressure because it is about the same as atmospheric pressure.

The bar, decibar and millibar are known as:

The word "bar" has its origin in the Greek word "βάρος" (baros), meaning weight. Its official symbol is "bar"; the earlier "b" is now no longer used, but still often seen especially as "mb" rather than the correct "mbar" for millibars.

The bar and millibar were defined by Sir Napier Shaw in 1909 and internationally used in 1929.


Pascal (unit)

The pascal (symbol: Pa) is the SI derived unit of pressure or stress. It is a measure of perpendicular force per unit area i.e. equal to one newton per square meter. In everyday life, the pascal is maybe best known from meteorological air-pressure reports, where it happens in the form of hectopascal (1 hPa = 100 Pa). In other cases, the kilopascal is more commonly used, for example on bicycle tire labels. One hectopascal corresponds to 0.1 and one kilopascal to about 1% of atmospheric pressure (near sea level).

It is named after the French mathematician and physicist, Blaise Pascal.


Jerez de la Frontera

Jerez de la Frontera is a city in the province of Cádiz, in the region of Andalusia in Spain. It is famous as the home of the wine called sherry, whose name comes from the city's old Arabic name, pronounced "Sherish". 

Jerez de la Frontera, once called Xeres, has a rich history from the days of the Moorish Arab occupation of the Iberian Peninsula. Part of its name, "de la Frontera," means "of the frontier" because it was on the border between Islamic and Christian populations.

The city is well known for breeding and training the world-famous Andalusian horses. Flamenco dance is a popular cultural feature of the city.


Limited government

Limited government is a form of government with roles and powers given, and limited by law, usually in a written constitution. A limited government has only the powers that the people give it. 

Related to this idea is "small government" – a system that put most of its power in smaller groups, such as private businesses and its own citizens. On the other hand, “big government” involves a great amount of intervention by the state.

In Great Britain, the idea of limited government is part of the political tradition. It was started by the Magna Carta, which limited the power of King John. The execution of Charles I and the Glorious Revolution of 1688 reinforced this. Even monarchs had to accept limits to their power, and parliamentary democracy became more important.

In the United States, the idea of limited government is written into the United States Constitution.

Azores

The Azores () is an archipelago of nine volcanic islands in the North Atlantic Ocean; they are about west of Lisbon and about southeast of Newfoundland. The islands, and their Exclusive Economic Zone, form the Autonomous Region of the Azores, one of the two autonomous regions of Portugal.

There are nine major Azores islands and several very small islands (islets), in three main groups. They extend for more than and lie in a northwest-southeast direction.

The archipelago is part of the Macaronesia islands.

Officially, the islands were discovered in the 15th century (in 1431) by Gonçalo Velho Cabral a Captain in the service of Infante Dom Henrique, although credit is also given to the explorer Diogo de Silves (in 1427).

The archipelago was settled over the centuries, mostly from mainland Portugal. Portuguese settlers came from the provinces of Algarve, Minho, Alentejo and Ribatejo, as well as Madeira.

In 1976, the Azores became the Autonomous Region of the Azores (), an autonomous region of Portugal.

The archipelago is in the Atlantic Ocean between 36º and 43º latitude North and between 25º and 31º longitude West. They have a very humid oceanic climate with relatively small annual variations.

The nine islands are in three natural geographic groups, each group separated by more than of water. These groups are:

The eastern group also has, to the northeast of Santa Maria, a group of very small islands (islets) and reefs that are named "Ilhéus das Formigas" (Islets of the Ants), or just "Formigas" ("Ants"); these smalls islands, together with the "Dollabarat" reef, form the Reserva Natural do Ilhéu das Formigas.

The nine islands have a total area of . Their individual areas vary between of the largest island (São Miguel) to of the smallest (Corvo).

All the islands have volcanic origins, although some, such as Santa Maria, have had no recorded activity since the islands were settled. The last volcano to erupt in the archipelago was the Capelinhos Volcano () in 1957, in the western part of the island of Faial. Earthquakes are common on most of the islands.

The Azores are on place where three of the world's large tectonic plates (the North American Plate, the Eurasian Plate and the African Plate) meet. The westernmost islands of the archipelago, (Corvo and Flores), are in the North American Plate, while the remaining islands are located within the region where the Eurasian plate is separated from the African Plates.

The volcano Mount Pico, on the Pico island, is the highest point in Portugal, at .

Daily maximum temperatures usually range between and . The average annual rainfall increases from east to west, and it ranges from 700 to 1600 annual millimetres (27.6–63 in) on average, reaching on Mount Pico.

The sea around the Azores is warmed by the Gulf Stream and sea water temperature varies from to .

A total of 11 tropical or subtropical cyclones have affected the region in history. Most of them were either extratropical or tropical storms when they impacted the region, although several hurricanes of Category 1 have reached the Azores.

When the Azores became an Autonomous Region of Portugal, the cities of Ponta Delgada, Angra and Horta were considered capital/administrative cities to the regional government: homes to the President (Ponta Delgada), the Judiciary (Angra) and the Regional Assembly (Horta).

The Azores are divided into 19 municipalities (); each municipality is further divided into parishes (), of which there is a total of 156 in all of the Azores. The municipalities, by island, are:

There are five cities () in the Azores:

According to the 2011 Census, the total population in the Azores was 246,746: 121,533 men and 125,213 women. The density for the whole Archipelago is 106 persons/km.

The Azores economy is based mainly on agriculture, fisheries and tourism.

In the agriculture sector, cattle-raising is very important. Some of the most important crops in the Azores are pineapples, grapes, potatoes, tobacco and tea. Fisheries are an important economic activity on all islands. Fishing methods are highly traditional among Azorean fishermen. Industry in the Azores is based mainly on the production of dairy products (milk, cheese) and transformation of fisheries products, such as tuna.

It is tourism, however, that has been growing more in recent years. It is far less developed than those industries of its Macaronesian neighbours, Madeira and Canary Islands.


Wade Robson

Wade Jeremy Robson (born 1982) is an Australian professional dancer, choreographer, producer, and songwriter. He has performed as a dancer since the age of 5 with celebrities such as Michael Jackson and Britney Spears, and is also an award-winning choreographer, known for his own MTV show "Wade Robson Project", and the broadcast competition "So You Think You Can Dance". In 1994 he released an album as part of the hip hop group Quo.

On May 1 2013 Robson sued Michael Jackson's estate. He did not sue Jackson because Jackson died in 2009. He said that Jackson sexually abused him from the age of 7 to 14. He said that he would sue Jackson's father Joe for slander if he did not stop saying that Robson is lying. He and fellow accuser James Safechuck told their stories in the controversial documentary Leaving Neverland in 2019.


Adam Stefan Sapieha

Adam Stefan Stanisław Bonfatiusz Józef Sapieha (14 May 1867 – 23 July 1951) was a Polish Roman Catholic Church priest and Cardinal. He was a mentor and patron of Pope John Paul II.

Sapieha was born in 1867 in the castle of Krasiczyn. He was the youngest of the seven children of Prince Adam Stanisław Sapieha-Kodenski.

Sapieha was ordained a priest in 1893.

Sapieha was named Bishop of the diocese of Kraków in 1911.

After the Nazi invasion of Poland, Sapieha operate the seminary in secret. Among the students was Karol Wojtyła, the future Pope John Paul II. Wojtyła lived in Sepieha's basement. In 1963, Father Wojtyła became the Auxiliary Bishop in Kraków.

He was created a Cardinal in 1946.

He died on 23 July 1951, at the age of 84. Cardinal Sapieha is buried in the castle of Wawel (in Kraków).


Cardinal (Catholic Church)

Cardinals are created by the pope and typically hold the title for life. Most cardinals are bishops and archbishops leading dioceses and archdioceses around the world.

On 24 February 2024, there were 239 serving cardinals,

According to the Catholic church, the order of the importance of the Catholic Church goes from the Pope, then the Bishops and then the Cardinals. Cardinals are the counsellor of The Pope. (The pope is the head of the catholic church.) In 1245, Pope Innocent IV granted the red hat to the Bishops as a sign of of the Cardinals readiness to shed their blood in the cause of the church which showed their dedication to the church.

The collective name for cardinals is College of Cardinals. They meet in a Papal conclave to elect a new Pope.

When there is no pope, the cardinals direct the day-to-day affairs of the Church.


Faustyna Kowalska

Maria Faustina Kowalska, commonly known as Saint Faustina, born Helena Kowalska (August 25, 1905, Głogowiec, then in the Russian Empire – October 5, 1938, Kraków, Poland) was a Polish nun and mystic. She is now venerated in the Roman Catholic Church as a saint.

Faustina Kowalska was the third of ten children. She was born to a poor family. In 1921 after grade school, she started to work to support her family. Around this time she was considering a vocation in the Catholic church. She claimed that God himself was calling her to be a nun. Helena left for Warsaw, and applied to various convents in the capital, only to be turned down each time. She was finally accepted at the convent of the Congregation of the Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy. She was eventually initiated as a nun on April 30, 1926, with the name Sister Maria Faustina of the Blessed Sacrament.

Saint Faustina claimed she had visited Purgatory. She also said she had seen and spoken to Jesus and Mary several times. Later on, Jesus revealed her purpose; to spread the devotion of the Mercy of God. On February 22, 1931, Jesus was said to have appeared as the 'King of Divine Mercy', wearing a white garment. His right hand was raised in a sign of blessing and the other was touching the garment at the breast. From beneath the garment came two large rays. One ray was red, the other pale. St. Faustina had a picture of this vision painted. With the help of Father Michał Sopoćko, she distributed the images at Kraków and Wilno, and people began to pray before them. Saint Faustina wrote a diary. She did this despite the fact that she could hardly write at all. The diary was later published under the title "Divine Mercy in My Soul: The Diary of St. Faustina". She wanted to found a "Congregation which will proclaim the Mercy of God to the world, and, by its prayers, obtain it for the world". 

In 1936, She became seriously ill. At the time, doctors thought it could be tuberculosis. She was moved to the sanatorium in Pradnik. She spent much time in prayer, reciting the Chaplet of Divine Mercy and praying for the conversion of sinners. The last two years of her life were spent working as much as she could between visits to the sanatorium and time spent sick in bed in the convent. By June of 1938, she could no longer write in the diary, and it became obvious that she would not live much longer. She died on October 5. The task of spreading the message of Divine Mercy, already well begun, was continued by her spiritual director, Father Sopoćko. She had not been able to found the religious order which Jesus had asked for, but she had left clear rules for the life of the prospective community, and at last in 1941, the order, now known as the Institute of Divine Mercy, was founded.

Pope Pius XI accepted The Divine Mercy devotion. Pope Pius XII promoted The Divine Mercy devotion. Cardinal Pacelli (who later became Pope Pius XII) defended The Divine Mercy devotion against heretics.

Pope Pius XI, and Pope Pius XII, and St. Faustina's Confessor, and her Spiritual Director, and her Bishop, and Cardinal Prince Adam Sapieha (the Cardinal of Poland), and Cardinal Ottaviani (the Prefect of the Holy Office), all favoured The Divine Mercy devotion.

Faustina was beatified on April 18, 1993 and canonized on April 30, 2000.

Divine Mercy Sunday is celebrated the Second Sunday of Easter (which is the first Sunday after Easter, during Octave).
The fact that her Vatican autobiography directly quotes some of her conversations with Jesus distinguishes her somewhat among other visionaries of Jesus and Mary.



Fleet

Fleet may mean:

A fleet is a collection of ships or vehicles:




Don Giovanni

Don Giovanni is an Italian opera in two acts. It is about the character better known as Don Juan. The music was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. The libretto was written by Lorenzo da Ponte. The opera was first performed at the National Theatre in Prague on 29 October 1787. It was a great success. 
"Don Giovanni" is about a libertine and murderer who refuses to repent when given the chance. He is taken alive to Hell. The story was originally a folktale. Plays, operas, and even a ballet were produced on the theme by the time Mozart and da Ponte started work on their opera.

"Don Giovanni" was performed across Europe after its success in Prague. It was performed in the United States in 1826, staged by da Ponte himself. In 1979, Joseph Losey made a movie of the opera. In 2013, "Don Giovanni" was tenth on the Operabase list of the most-performed operas in the world.


The overture opens with a somber musical passage in D minor. This passage is also played when the statue of the Commendatore calls for Don Giovanni to repent at the end of the opera. A quick, bright section in D major follows this slow passage. It is not related to music in opera. It is spirited, vigorous, and robust. It quietly dies away as the curtain rises on the first act.

Act I.

Scene 1. The garden of the Commendatore's house in Seville, Spain. Night. Don Giovanni has failed to seduce Donna Anna. Her father defends her. Don Giovanni kills him in a duel. He runs away with his servant Leporello. Donna Anna and her fiancé Don Ottavio find the dead Commendatore. They promise to bring the murderer to justice.

Scene 2. A street in Seville. Don Giovanni's wife Donna Elvira has just come to Seville from Burgos. She is looking for Don Giovanni. He married her, and then left her. He enters the street with Leporello. He sees Elvira and leaves. Leporello stays behind. He tells Elvira about Giovanni's bad behavior with women.

Scene 3. The countryside near Seville. Don Giovanni takes an interest in a peasant girl named Zerlina. He tries to seduce her. Elvira takes Zerlina away with her. Anna and Ottavio meet Don Giovanni. He does not want to talk to them. He hurries away. They know he is the murderer. They promise again to bring him to justice. Giovanni comes back when they leave. He orders Leporello to prepare a party.

Scene 4. A garden at Don Giovanni's palace. Masetto and Zerlina are going to the party. Masetto doubts Zerlina loves him. She tells him to beat her, if that will make him feel better. The two make up. They go into the palace. Anna, Ottavio, and Elvira come into the garden. Their faces are covered with masks. They promise to bring Don Giovanni to justice. They go into the palace.

Scene 5. The ballroom in Don Giovanni's palace. The guests are having a gay time. Don Giovanni pulls Zerlina into another room. She screams. Don Giovanni comes into the room. He tells everyone that Leporello attacked Zerlina. No one is fooled. Anna, Elvira, and Ottavio take off their masks. Ottavio has a pistol. Don Giovanni runs away.

Act II.

Scene 1. Evening on a street in Seville. Don Giovanni wants to seduce Elvira's maid. He changes clothes with Leporello. When Elvira enters, Leporello is sent off with the lady. She thinks he is Don Giovanni. Giovanni sings a serenade. Masetto and his friends come in. They are looking for Don Giovanni. He beats Masetto and runs off. Zerlina finds Masetto and comforts him.

Scene 2. A nearby street. Leporello wants to get rid of Elvira. She may discover he is not Giovanni. The two hear others coming into the street. They hide behind a wall. Anna, Ottavio, Zerlina, and Masetto open a door in the wall, and find Leporello. They want to punish him. He runs away. Ottavio says he will go to the police.

Scene 3. (This scene is cut in modern performances.) A street. Zerlina threatens Leporello with a razor. A servant ties Leporello to a chair. When Leporello is left alone, he escapes. Zerlina comes back with Elvira and Masetto. They believe Don Giovanni must have helped Leporello escape. Elvira is left alone. She thinks of her love for Don Giovanni. She is certain he will be punished.

Scene 4. A cemetery in Seville. Don Giovanni and Leporello make jokes about Elvira. A strange voice is heard. It tells the two that justice is near. The voice is coming from a statue of the murdered Commendatore. Giovanni orders Leporello to invite the statue to dinner. The two leave to get dinner ready.

Scene 5. A room in Donna Anna's house. Anna is feeling great sorrow over her father's death. Ottavio says his love will comfort her. She is shocked with this suggestion. Ottavio says she is cruel to him. She asks him not to say such things. She tells him that her sorrow is so deep that she can think only of her dead father.

Scene 6. A room in Don Giovanni's palace. Don Giovanni is eating dinner. Elvira begs him to repent and change his way of life before it is too late. He laughs at her, and she leaves. Suddenly, the statue comes into the room. It orders Giovanni to repent. He refuses. Flames rise, and demons scream. The statue takes Giovanni's hand. Hell opens. The two disappear in the flames. Anna, Ottavio, Elvira, Zerlina, and Massetto come into the room with the police. They are looking for Don Giovanni. Leporello tells them that Giovanni has met his end. They are pleased, and make plans for happier days.
"Don Giovanni" is based on a character in European folklore. This character is known as Don Juan. In 1581, the first play about Don Juan was written in Spanish by Juan de la Cueva. Other plays were also written. The most famous Don Juan play was "The Playboy of Seville and His Stone Guest" by a Spanish monk named Tirso de Molina. This play is the source of all the Don Juan stories and plays that were written after it. Da Ponte even used some words from it when he was writing "Don Giovanni".

Traveling actors performed the Don Juan plays in France and Italy . The Don Juan character became well known. There were French, German, and Italian plays. Molière wrote "Dom Juan" in 1665, and Thomas Shadwell wrote an English play in 1676. Carlo Goldoni wrote an Italian play in 1736. Mozart and da Ponte probably knew the Goldoni play.

The first opera was a French one written in 1713. It was a comic opera. Gluck wrote a ballet for Vienna in 1761. Vincenzo Righini wrote an opera that was performed in Vienna and Prague in 1777 ten years before "Don Giovanni". There were other operas written about Don Juan. The best known opera was one by Giovanni Bertati and Giuseppe Gazzaniga. It was performed in Venice in 1787. It was a great success. Da Ponte knew this opera. He made use of Bertati's libretto when he wrote "Don Giovanni".

Mozart and da Ponte first met in Vienna in 1783. At that time, da Ponte promised to write a libretto for Mozart. Three years later, he adapted a French play called "The Marriage of Figaro" to an opera libretto for Mozart. In three months, Mozart had completed the music. "The Marriage of Figaro" had its first performance in Vienna on May 1, 1786. It was a great success.

In January 1787, Mozart went to Prague for the first performance of "Figaro" in that city. The opera was a wild success. The manager of the opera house hired Mozart to write an opera for Prague. In Vienna, Mozart asked da Ponte for a libretto. Da Ponte gave him "Don Giovanni". Mozart started work on this new opera.

Mozart wrote most of "Don Giovanni" in the summer of 1787 in Vienna. Early in October, he went to Prague. He completed the opera in Prague at the Villa Bertramka, the home of friends. The first performance of the opera was postponed. The curtain rose on the world premiere of "Don Giovanni" at the National Theatre in Prague on October 29, 1787. The opera was a great success.

One critic wrote: "On Monday the 29th the Italian Opera performed Maestro Mozart's eagerly awaited "Don Giovanni" ... Music lovers and musicians say that nothing to equal it has every been seen before in Prague ... Mozart himself conducted and he was given three cheers ... The opera is uncommonly difficult to perform ... The crowd of spectators bears witness to its general acclaim."

There are many legends about the making of "Don Giovanni". One legend says Luigi Bassi, the 22 year old singer playing Don Giovanni, wanted more music to sing. He was said to have forced Mozart to rewrite a duet five times. Another legend says Mozart flirted with all three sopranos in the opera. When one would reject his passes, he would simply move on to the next. Another legend says Mozart's wife Constanze kept her husband awake with funny stories the night before the first performance so he could complete the overture to the opera.

Mozart left Prague for Vienna in November 1787. Music lovers in Vienna had heard good reports of "Don Giovanni". The Emperor ordered the opera to be produced at the Burgtheater. Mozart wrote some new music for the characters of Elvira and Ottavio. He also wrote a duet for Zerlina and Leporello. "Don Giovanni" was first performed in Vienna on May 7, 1788. Mozart's sister-in-law Aloysia Lange sang Donna Anna.

Legend says the performance in Vienna ended with Don Giovanni going to Hell. The final scene for Anna, Elvira, Zerlina, Ottavio, Masetto, and Leporello was probably cut. Mozart wrote some new music for the Vienna performance. He may have had to cut the last scene to keep the performance within a certain length of time. The opera was not as successful in Vienna as it was in Prague. It was dropped at the Burgtheater after fifteen performances.

"Don Giovanni" was performed all over Germany. It was performed in Poland in 1789. It was performed in German in Amsterdam and St Petersburg. The opera was popular in France, in both Italian and French versions. The first performance of "Don Giovanni" in Italy was at Bergamo in 1811. It was performed in Rome the same year. Its first performance in England may have been an amateur performance. In 1817 though, it was presented in both English and Italian. Lorenzo da Ponte produced the first American performance of "Don Giovanni" in New York City in 1826.

The Magic Flute

The Magic Flute (German: Die Zauberflöte, K. 620) is an opera in two acts with music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and a German libretto by Emanuel Schikaneder. 

It premiered in Vienna on 30 September 1791 at Schikaneder's theater, the Freihaus-Theater auf der Wieden. The story has traditional fairy tale themes and Masonic elements.

Prince Tamino has got lost in the forest and now finds himself in a country which is ruled by the Queen of the Night. A huge monster chases him and he is very frightened. He falls down in a faint. Three ladies who work for the Queen of the Night come and kill the monster. Then they see the handsome prince and they argue about which one of them will stay to look after him.

The three ladies go off and Papageno enters. Papageno is a birdcatcher whose job is to catch birds for the Queen of the Night. He is a happy, simple young man. Tamino wakes up, sees him and asks him who he is. Papageno introduces himself. He has not noticed the dead monster. Tamino sees that the monster is dead and asks him who killed it. Papageno suddenly notices it and then decides to pretend that he killed it himself. The three ladies hear what he says and they come and punish him by giving him a stone instead of bread and wine, and by padlocking his mouth so that he cannot speak. Then they give Tamino a portrait of Princess Pamina. She is the daughter of the Queen of the Night. They tell him that Pamina has been captured by an evil man called Sarastro. In fact, Sarastro is a good man, and he is looking after Pamina because her mother, the Queen of the Night, is evil. The prince does not know this. He is already in love with the princess just from looking at her picture, and decides to go and rescue her.

The three ladies give the Prince a magic flute which will protect him if he finds himself in danger. They promise Papageno that he, too, will find a lovely wife for himself if he goes with Tamino. They take off his padlock and give him a set of magic bells which will help him if he is in danger. They are told that three lovely boys will show them the way.

In the next scene we see Princess Pamina who is being guarded by a cruel Moor called Monostatos. He has tied the princess up. Papageno arrives and both men are frightened of one another. Monostatos runs away, Papageno unties the rope around the princess and tells her about the prince who is on his way to rescue her.

In the next scene Tamino finds himself in a holy place. The three boys have guided him there. They tell him he must be patient and silent. He meets a priest who tells him he must not think that Sarastro is cruel. He tells him that Pamina is alive. Tamino is very happy to hear this, takes his flute and plays. The animals from the forest come round him. Pamina and Papagena are caught by Monostatos. He is about to tie them up, but Papageno plays his magic bells and, when they hear the music, Monostatos and all the animals cannot help dancing and they disappear, still dancing. Sarastro enters. He tells Pamina once more that she must stay with him to learn how to live a good, virtuous life. She must not become evil like her mother. Monostatos enters with Tamino whom he has caught. Tamino and Pamina see one another and embrace. Sarastro says that Monostatos must have a beating. He says that Tamino and Pamina cannot have one another yet. First they will have to go to the temple and go through some trials to show that they are good.

Sarastro explains to the priests that Tamino and Pamina will have to go through the trials to show that they are worthy of one another. If they can do this then they will be able to defeat the evil power of the Queen of the Night.

Tamino and Papageno go through the trials together. Tamino remains calm and brave. Papageno is frightened and finds it difficult to keep quiet, but he continues because he has been promised that a girl called Papagena will be waiting for him.

In the first trial the Three Ladies try to make them think that the dark place they are in will lead them to death. In the second trial they see Monostatos about to rape Pamina. The Queen of the Night explains why she wants power. She says that Tamino and Pamina will be cursed unless Sarastro is killed. Tamino realizes that this is all part of the trial and he must not do anything. Papageno is given food and drink by Papagena who is disguised as an old lady. Tamino plays his flute. Pamina appears but turns her back on him. The Queen of the Night sings a very famous song in this section. It is famous because it reaches the highest ranges of a female voice. 

Tamino and Pamina have to go through the last trial together. Papagena enters and dances, then, when Papageno promises to be true, she throws off her disguise and disappears. Pamina thinks her mother is going to use her dagger, but at the last moment the boys save her and take her to Tamino. Tamino plays the flute as they go together through fire and water. The chorus sing in triumph.

Papageno cannot call Papagena back with his shepherd pipe. The three boys remind him about his magic bells. He plays them and Papagena appears. They are united.

In the last scene Monostatos and the Queen of the Night enter to do battle, but they are defeated. Good triumphs over evil.

Mozart belonged to a group of Freemasons. The Magic Flute is full of Masonic symbols. For example: the number three is an important number in masonry and there are lot of things in the opera that happen in threes: there are three long chords at the beginning of overture, and the three chords appear again in the scene in the temple. Even the key is E flat major which has a key signature of three flats. There are three ladies, three young boys and three trials. The scenery used in the early productions make it look as if the story comes from Egypt or somewhere in the Orient. Mozart and Schickaneder meant this to have a Masonic meaning. The trials are similar to the rituals in Masonic ceremonies.


George Chuvalo

George Louis Chuvalo CM (born September 12, 1937), also known as Jure Čuvalo, was a Canadian heavyweight boxing champion and the multiple contender for the heavyweight title in the 1960s and 1970s. He was never knocked off his feet in ninety-three professional fights between 1956 and 1979. On September 9 1957, George lost ten rounds bout to #2 hevyweight contender Bob Baker.

Chuvalo was inducted into the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame in 1990 and the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 1997. He was made a Member of the Order of Canada in 1998 and was awarded a star on Canada's Walk of Fame in 2005.

He went to Sarajevo for the revealing of a statue in his honor in Ljubuški on Sunday, December 18, 2011.

Guest worker

Guest workers are people brought into a country to work in different industries.

They are used to fill a shortage in labour that most often cannot be done locally. Guest workers often do not have the same rights as normal workers. In some countries guest workers are not allowed to stay long periods of time. In Germany there are many guest workers from Turkey. Turkish guest workers have formed their own communities in the German cities where they live. Turkish guest workers have been in Germany since the 1950s.

Many Koreans in Japan came as guest workers early in the 20th century, and in Arab countries late in the century.



Tropical Storm Lee (2005)

Tropical Storm Lee was a weak tropical storm that hardly reached tropical storm status for a short time while over the central Atlantic Ocean during late August and early September 2005. Lee was the twelfth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.

Tropical Storm Lee formed east of the Lesser Antilles as a tropical depression on August 28. On the next day, the depression weakened into a tropical low. The low then moved north and became stronger. It became a tropical storm for a short time on August 31. Lee quickly weakened again into a remnant low and was absorbed by a cold front on September 2.

A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 24. It developed into an area of low pressure as it moved across the Atlantic Ocean. It strengthened into Tropical Depression Thirteen on August 28 while 960 miles (1550 km) east of the Lesser Antilles.

Because of wind shear, the depression began to fall apart. It quickly weakened into a tropical low late on August 29. It had been predicted that this was likely to happen, but the National Hurricane Center (NHC) instead chose to forecast a little bit of strengthening in the future.

The low slowly moved northwards, then turned to the northeast because of another non-tropical system. As it moved to the northeast, the low began to become organized and began to re-strengthen on August 31. That afternoon, the depression strengthened further into "Tropical Storm Lee". 

It got to its strongest point with winds of 40 mph (65 km/h), in between Bermuda and the Azores. While Lee was thought to have been a tropical storm for only 6 hours originally, it was later learned that Lee stayed as a tropical storm for 12 hours instead.

Lee quickly weakened into a remnant low. It moved to the west of the non-tropical system that was near it. On September 1, the two systems began join together. Lee began to fall apart while it was being destroyed by the non-tropical system. By the next day, the remnant low was absorbed by a cold front.

Because Lee stayed far away from land, it did not cause any damage or kill any people.

When Tropical Storm Lee formed on August 31, it was the second earliest time in a season for the development of the 12th named tropical storm. It formed two days after the record held by Hurricane Luis in 1995. 

This made it one of the few storms of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season to not hold a record for the earliest formation of the "n"th storm. Also while this was the first use of the name "Lee" to name an Atlantic storm, after the retirement of Hurricane Lenny in 1999, Lee had previously been used to name 3 storms in the Western Pacific Ocean. Because Lee did not cause any damages or kill any people, its name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season.



Lesser Antilles

The Lesser Antilles (also known as the Caribbees) are a group of islands between the eastern edge of the Caribbean Sea and the western Atlantic Ocean. They are east and south of the Greater Antilles. Some of the islands are also just off the northern coast of South America.

Cold front

A cold front is a meteorological word that is used to describe the movement of a cooler air mass into an area of warmer air. The air with greater density moves under the less dense warmer air, lifting it, which can cause a line of showers and thunderstorms, or a squall line to form when there is sufficient moisture. This upward motion causes lowered pressure along the cold front. On weather maps, the surface position of the cold front is marked with the symbol of a blue line of triangles/spikes pointing in the direction of its movement. Cold fronts can also move up to twice as fast as warm fronts.

Separating funnel

A separating funnel (also called a separation funnel) is a piece of laboratory equipment. It is usually made of glass, and is used to separate two liquids, for example, oil and water. They always separate out, and this is how to remove one from the other:

For this example, oil and water will be used:

A mixture of oil and water is put into a separating funnel and then shaken and then left until it becomes stable again. The liquid with higher density, (in this case water), goes to the bottom of the separating funnel (because it is heavier than oil). When this is done, the bottom of the separating funnel is opened and the water flows out, leaving only the oil.

A separating funnel is a cone shape made from glass but has a half circle, or hemisphere, on top. It has a stopper at the top and tap or hole at the bottom. The size of one can be between 50 millilitres and 3 litres.



Plate reader

Plate readers, also known as microplate readers or microplate photometers, are laboratory equipment used to see any biological, chemical or physical change in samples of chemicals in microtiter plates.

Most of the time, a very bright lamp shines light to the microtiter well and the chemicals react in special ways which can be measured using special equipment.

Other ways to measure certain things are:

Today, plate readers come with tools for data analysis.

Plate readers are used for:

Using these plate readers can help human scientists do their work more efficiently. Plate readers are used mostly in research, to find drugs, and to help test the purity of chemicals in pharmacies and laboratories.


Microtiter plate

A microtiter plate (sometimes called a microplate) is a flat plate with lots of "wells" used as small test tubes. 

A microtiter plate is used mostly in laboratories and pharmacies. A microtiter plate could have 6, 24, 96, 384 or even sometimes 1536 wells arranged in rows. Some microplates, used in the industry, have been built with 3456 or sometimes 9600 wells for maximum efficiency. Each well of a microplate can only hold very small amounts of liquid.

The first microplate was made in 1951 by a Hungarian man called Dr. G. Takatsky, who made a microtiter plate with 6 rows of 12 wells (so 72 wells). Microtiter plates started being used in bulk in the late 1950s, a man called John Liner from USA had made a different, but better version. By 1990 more than 15 companies were making microtiter plates. 

In 1996, the Society for Biomolecular Screening (SBS) wanted to make the microplate have standards to live up to. And so in 2003, microplates had to have a certain diameter and depth.

Instrument companies have made plate readers which can detect specific biological, chemical or physical changes in chemicals in these plates.



Bulgarian language

Bulgarian ("", [ˈbɤ̞lɡarski ɛˈzik]) is an Indo-European language. It is spoken mainly in Bulgaria and parts of North Macedonia, Serbia, Ukraine and Moldova. The Bulgarian language is similar to the Macedonian and the Serbian languages, which are part of the South Slavic branch of Slavic languages. There are nearly 9 million people in 2011 who use Bulgarian as their main language. 

Bulgarian is a part of the so-called Balkan "Sprachbund" or linguistic group, which also includes Greek, Macedonian, Romanian, Albanian, and the Torlakian dialect of the Serbian language. This does not mean the languages are necessarily related, but that they share certain loanwords and grammatical characteristics due to frequent contact over the years.


Erlenmeyer flask

An Erlenmeyer flask or conical flask is a kind of flask with a base in the shape of a cone and a short neck. It was first invented in 1861 by a German chemist named Richard Erlenmeyer. Erlenmeyer Flasks are used in laboratories. 

This type of flask is used as a container for chemical substances, or to heat or boil liquids. It does not allow liquids to spill easily. It is also used in titration.

Girlfriend

A girlfriend is a term that usually means a female partner in a non-marital relationship. It is less common to use the word "girlfriend" to mean a female friend in a platonic relationship.


Native

Native could mean:

The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius

The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius is an American computer animated television series. It was shown on the Nickelodeon television network until 2006 (with re-runs airing from April-June 2010 and again in January-May 2011) and currently on Nicktoons. It is a spinoff of the 2001 film, "" and later has its own spinoff starring Sheen Estevez called "Planet Sheen" which became its own series in October 2, 2010.

The series is about a young genius named Jimmy Neutron (James Isaac Neutron) who experiments with laboratory equipment which causes trouble to Retroville. He often has to undo the problems this creates.


Concordia, Kansas

Concordia is a city in north-eastern Kansas, USA. It has been the county seat of Cloud County since 1871.

Indigenous peoples

Indigenous people are the original people who lived in a region, before immigrants. Indigenous people are also called aborigines, native people, first people, first nations, and autochthonous. 

The United Nations likes to use the phrase "Indigenous peoples" because other phrases may sound bad (this is called a pejorative).

Many indigenous people were oppressed in colonial times. They were treated very poorly. Colonial settlers often robbed the indigenous treasures and took their lands. Sometimes indigenous people were made slaves, or killed by colonial settlers.

Colonialism often wanted indigenous people to believe that they were lower social class than the new settlers. That is propaganda. Indigenous people can grow up believing that they are lower social class, or less important. Indigenous people sometimes have to fight for their own land, their own history, human rights and equality.




Migrant worker

A migrant worker is someone who regularly works away from home, if they even have a home.

The United Nations' use of this term overlaps with 'foreign worker'. In the United States, the term is commonly used broadly to describe people who move frequently to find work or, more narrowly, those who earn low wages performing manual labor in the agriculture field.

Migrant workers are often forced into poor situations. Some are illegal immigrants and can be expelled if found. They are supported by the International Labour Organization. In 1990, the United Nations also adopted the Convention on the Rights of All Migrant Workers to protect them.

Often migrant workers can boost regional economy by spending their wages there.

Open borders help migrant workers. In Europe for example countries that recently joined European Union have seen massive outflow of workers to the countries with higher wages. Some people who work in foreign countries are called "expatriates"'.

In Canada, migrant workers are commonly referred to as foreign workers in general, and temporary foreign workers in particular.

It is through the Temporary Foreign Worker Program [TFWP] that the Government of Canada hires foreign nationals in order to fill temporary skills and labour shortages in the country. Temporary foreign workers can be hired by Canadian employers only when qualified Canadian citizens or Canada permanent residents are not available to fill the same vacancy.

Currently, there is a great labour gap in the Canadian market. Dealing with a declining birth rate on one hand along with many in the workforce retiring soon, Canada is finding it hard to fill the significant labour gap that it is facing. Immigration is regarded to hold the answer to a great extent.

With the TFWP, Canadian employers can easily hire international workers. At times, there might not even be the requirement to get someone from abroad. Canadian employers hiring through the TFWP might find qualified foreign workers that are already in the country.

Such skilled foreign workers already in Canada that can easily be hired by a Canadian employer might be about to complete a job contract with a different employer. Or, they might be working in Canada on an open work permit that allows them the freedom to work for any employer anywhere in Canada.

Usually, such temporary foreign workers or migrant workers in Canada are hired to address a specified short-term labour requirement. Nevertheless, certain foreign workers that had initially come to Canada for filling a temporary vacancy might transition to Canadian permanent residence, provided they meet specific requirements.

Canada’s immigration programs – like the Canadian Experience Class [CEC] and Provincial nominee Program [PNP] – provide pathways to Canada PR for migrant workers. As per the Government of Canada’s official website, “These routes exist to ensure that workers who have shown that their skills are in continuing demand and that they have already adapted well to life in Canada can build a future here.”

Since the imposition of COVID-19 special measure on March 18, Canada has been holding program specific draws from the Express Entry System. The latest draw to be held – Express Entry Draw No. 148 – was specifically for those candidates that had Canadian experience thereby qualifying them for the Canadian Experience Class [CEC] program.

While more than 192,000 temporary foreign workers came to Canada in 2011, around 29,000 foreign workers took up Canada permanent residency eventually.


Unicode

Unicode is a standard, promoted by the Unicode Consortium, for encoding the text of most of the world's writing systems, using variable-width encodings, such as UTF-8. Its goal is to replace current and previous character encoding standards with one worldwide standard for all languages. It has already done that to a large degree; for example, it is dominant on the web, in the form of the UTF-8 encoding. UTF-16 is also common, for example, on Windows, while Microsoft recommends UTF-8. The standard supports emojis and other symbols that older standards did not support.

Older standards for (English) text could not represent all languages of the world, for example, Chinese or Japanese. They also could not represent languages such as Arabic or Hebrew, which are written from right to left—at least not when mixed with other languages that are written from left to right. Unicode supports such mixing. It also allows for sorting (collating), which is not easy when languages are mixed.

Unicode provides many printable characters, such as letters, digits, diacritics (things that attach to letters), and punctuation marks. It also provides characters that do not actually print, but instead control how text is processed. For example, a newline and a character that makes text go from right to left are both characters that do not print.

Unicode, formally the Unicode Standard, is an information technology standard for the consistent encoding, representation, and handling of text expressed in most of the world's writing systems. The standard, as of Unicode 14.0 defines 144,697 characters covering 159 modern and historic scripts, as well as symbols, emoji, and non-visual control and formatting codes. Unicode is promoted by the Unicode Consortium and based on ISO standards. New versions are issued every few years and later versions have over 144,000 characters, covering 159 modern and historic scripts, as well as symbols, emoji, and non-visual control and formatting codes.

Unicode was developed in the 1990s and integrated earlier codes used on computer systems.

"The Unicode Standard" includes more than just the base code. Alongside the character encodings, the Consortium's official publication includes a wide variety of details about the scripts and how to display them: normalization rules, decomposition, collation, rendering, and bidirectional text display order for multilingual texts, and so on.

Unicode's success at unifying character sets has led to its widespread and predominant use in the internationalization and localization of computer software. The standard has been implemented in many recent technologies, including modern operating systems, XML, and most modern programming languages.

Older standards for (English) text could represent only 32, 64, 128 (ASCII) or usually 256 different letters or symbols, 32 though only enough for upper case English letters and no numbers. ASCII is enough for English, but not most other languages, and 256 codes are enough for many European languages, but not for many Asian languages such as Chinese. Unicode has over 144,000 characters already defined, and allows for over a million, which is enough for all languages of the world, including e.g. Arabic and Hebrew that are written from right-to-left, and Unicode allows those languages, even mixed with other such as English or Russian that written in the other direction.

Unicode can be implemented by different character encodings. The Unicode standard defines Unicode Transformation Formats (UTF): UTF-8, UTF-16, and UTF-32, and several other encodings. The most commonly used encodings are UTF-8, UTF-16; GB18030, while not an official Unicode standard, is standardized in China and implements Unicode fully.

Unicode considers a graphical character (for instance é) as a code point (alone or in sequence [e + ‘] ). Each code point is a number with many digits which can be encoded in one or several code units. Code units are 8, 16, or 32 bits. This allows Unicode to represent characters in binary.

Some letters such as the Devanagari "kshi", and national flag emojis, are represented with more than one code point.

There are different ways to encode Unicode, the most common ones are:


UTF-8 is the most common of these for exchange. It is used for internet, electronic mail, and Java also uses a variant of it.

UTF-8 is the dominant encoding for the World Wide Web (and internet technologies), accounting for 98% of all web pages, and up to 100.0% for some languages, as of 2022, uses one byte (8 bits) for the first 128 code points, and up to 4 bytes for other characters. The first 128 Unicode code points represent the ASCII characters, which means that any ASCII text is also a UTF-8 text.

Both UTF-8 and UTF-16 are variable-width encodings. It's a common mistake to think that UTF-16 isn't, but it's not a fixed-width encoding like ASCII, so that's not a good reason to prefer UTF-16 (only its obsolete predecessor UCS-2 is fixed-width).


Low pressure area

A low pressure area, or low for short, is a word used in meteorology (the study of weather) that means a place where the atmospheric pressure is lowest compared to the surrounding area. Coriolis effect causes winds to blow counter-clockwise in the northern hemisphere and clockwise in southern hemisphere. This makes storms like tropical cyclones, extratropical cyclones, subtropical cyclones, and subpolar cyclones. They are called "low-pressure cells" in some English-speaking countries.

Hillfort

A hill fort is an ancient fortified refuge or defended settlement. It was usually in a place that rises from the surrounding area, given the name. This is done to exploit the rise for military advantage. The fortification usually follows the shape of the hill. Usually it is made of one or more lines of earthworks. There may also be stockades or defensive walls, and external ditches.Maiden Castle in Dorset is the largest of around 1000 hill forts built in Britain in the Iron Age. In a hill fort, the entrance through the inner ramparts had massive timber gates. The inner rampart was 14m high and topped by a fence of huge, upright timbers. It was faced with big, limestone blocks. 

Hill forts were built since the Stone Age. They are most common during later periods though:

There are many different kinds of hill forts, they were very common. In Europe, the Celts used them for a very long time.

Troy, Michigan

Troy, Michigan is a city in Michigan, United States. It is a suburb of the larger city of Detroit, and has over 85,000 residents. Many companies have offices in the city. It is where the world headquarters for Kmart used to be.

Gin

Gin is a type of alcoholic drink with a high amount of alcohol in it, usually about 35-50% alcohol by volume. It was invented in the Netherlands in the 17th century, and soon became very popular in England. This became a problem when many people drank themselves to death, because gin was cheap to make and contained so much alcohol.

Gin is flavored with juniper berries. Today, gin is usually a dry liquor, which means that it is not very sweet. Gin is also very popular in cocktails - two of the most common of these are the Gin & Tonic (gin mixed with tonic water) and the martini (gin mixed with vermouth, usually with an olive added). Gin is still one of the most popular liquors to this day.

Prostitution

A prostitute is a person, most of the time a woman, who has sex with people for money or another kind of payment. Prostitution is sometimes called the "world's oldest profession". There are written records of prostitution in almost every culture and society. In many countries, it is a crime. In some places, the police only arrest the customers. A place where many prostitutes work is called a Brothel.

Prostitution is sometimes called the "oldest profession" or "oldest occupation". A female prostitute is sometimes called a "hooker", "whore" or "ho". A male prostitute is sometimes called a "gigolo". They can both be called a "street walker", "sex worker" or "escort". Customers or clients are sometimes called "sugar mamas", "stellas" or "janes" if female. They are called "johns" if male.

Some prostitutes walk the streets looking for customers. They are usually called "streetwalkers" and are the most noticeable type of prostitutes. Others work in bars and nightclubs. Others may work at a building called a brothel. Other prostitutes may work from their homes or from an apartment rented for the purpose, and have their clients (customers) contact them by phone or on the internet. Some prostitutes may have a boss (a person they work for and who they may give part of the money they make to), who may be called a "madame" (if they are a woman) or a "pimp" (if they are a man). 

Not all prostitutes have a boss; some get business through an escort agency, which is a business or person the prostitute pays to advertise for them and get clients for them. Many prostitutes just work for themselves. The city of Amsterdam is famous for its prostitutes in the Red-light district (a part of a city where prostitution is common). In the Red-light district, some of the prostitutes sit in windows to show that they are available for business. Some people think that in the future, human prostitutes will lose their jobs to sexbots.

The legal status of prostitution varies from country to country. Many countries have laws about prostitution. Some countries have made prostitution illegal. There are four main approaches to handling prostitution:

Examples:
In some countries, like Turkey, prostitution is legal if done with a license from the government but illegal on the streets. In some Muslim countries prostitution is not only illegal, it is punished by death. In Japan, only certain sex acts are legal; vaginal sex for money is against the law while oral sex for money is legal.

There are some places, where prostitution is legal, but advertising for it is not. In Germany since 2016 both is legal. Since the new prostitution law (Prostituiertenschutzgesetz vom 21. Oktober 2016 (BGBl. I S. 2372)) was included, advertising is not prohibited anymore as long as youth protection is respected. Potential customers find all necessary information about the prostitutes they need in the web, and are able to contact them with their phones. Usually customers visit the apartment of the prostitutes or order them to their home or hotel room. In the Netherlands, both prostitution and advertising for it are legal as well. "Hidden advertising" is still done. It can take different forms:


There are different problems surrounding prostitution, some of them are shortly outlined below.

Prostitution in some form or other has always existed, and probably will always exist. One of the problems is that some of the activities linked to prostitutions are dangerous, and sometimes illegal. Where it is illegal, it is often controlled by criminals, who run brothels as they run a black market. There is also the problem of human trafficking, prostitutes are often forced to work. They are also prone to being exploited. Some people say that making prostitution legal where it is not will not solve these problems. The same people would run the businesses, but they would no longer be criminals. The situation for the prostitutes would probably not change much, as the ways the former criminals run these businesses would not change much either. Other people see a different problem: Legalizing prostitution would lead to some legal prostitution, that would well-regulated, and probably worked well. On the other hand, there would also be the illegal prostitution, which would not change much.

There are also solutions that cover the prostitute as an independet entrepreneur. Therefore these self-employees have to inform the government about their transactions and business activities. In Germany e.g. a new prostitution law was passed back in 2017 wich forces those sex-workers to own a "prostitution-pass" they have to show their client. Many german sexclubs now don't employ the prostitutes anymore but rent them rooms for their activities and charge the club visitors with an entry-fee instead. A famous bordello in germany wich was a pioneer with that concept even before the law passed is the Club König in Lower Saxony.

One of the first targets of law enforcement actions against illegal prostitution is to find the people who force people into prostitution. This is called sexual slavery. Sex trafficking is when people are taken somewhere in order to be a prostitute. It might be done by forcing them or by tricking them in some way. Sex trafficking is one type of Human trafficking. Some people have called human trafficking "the fastest growing form of modern-day slavery", and the third largest and fastest growing criminal industry in the world.

According to a study done in 2006, approximately 800,000 people are trafficked across national borders each year, and millions trafficked inside their own countries. This includes all types of human trafficking, although trafficking for prostitution is thought by some to make up a large portion of trafficking. Because it is illegal, it is hard to find out the real number of women or children forced into sex work. The study estimated that eighty percent of transnational victims are women and girls and up to half of them may be minors (meaning not adults). 
Children are sold into the global sex trade every year. Often they are kidnapped or orphaned. In some cases they are even sold by their own families. According to the International Labour Organization, the problem is well known in Thailand, the Philippines, Sri Lanka, Vietnam, Cambodia, Nepal and India. 

The main causes of human trafficking are poverty, war, and other social issues. Some women are made to believe promises of a better life, sometimes by people who are known and trusted to them. Traffickers may own legitimate travel agencies, modeling agencies and employment offices in order to gain women's trust. Others are simply kidnapped. Once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken away by the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape. This may include beatings, rape, threats of violence against their family and death threats. It is common, particularly in Eastern Europe, that should they manage to return to their families they will only be trafficked once again. When an area has a lot of prostitutes some people say its a "sexidemic" (too much).
Globally, forced labour generates $31bn, half of it in the industrialised world, a tenth in transition countries, the International Labour Organization says in a report on forced labour. Trafficking in people has been made easier by porous borders and advanced communication technologies, it has become increasingly transnational in scope and highly lucrative within its barbarity. 
In some countries counselling, accommodation and specialist care exists to help trafficked people escape. In other countries, this support is lacking and individuals are often treated as illegal immigrants and deported.

One of the big problems is that of child prostitution. Most prostitution happens between adults, but many prostitutes are children. This means that people caught with these prostitutes may also face charges of having sex with a child. In most countries, prostitutes do need to be of a certain age, which is usually higher than the age of consent. Usually, having sex with a child is punished harshly.

Certain people travel to other countries to have sex with children, which is forbidden where they live. Many countries have changed their laws so they also apply outside their territory. The crime is usually not discovered, so these laws are rarely enforced.


Girl

A girl is a young female human, either a child or a teenager. Little girls still have the body of a child. It is not until they reach puberty (which starts at age 12 on average) that their bodies start to mature and they become a woman. During puberty, a girl develops breasts, their hips and shoulders widen and they begin to have periods.

The word "girl" was used a long time ago by some people called Anglo-Saxons. Sometimes older people still refer to grown up women as "girls", especially in expressions such as "a night out with the girls". According to some Abrahamic derived traditions, the first girl that ever existed was Luluwa.

The opposite of a girl is a boy. A boy is a male child who will grow into a man.

The way girls are brought up will vary a lot between different cultures. In Western cultures, a girl traditionally wears a dress or skirt. However, many girls wear trousers (pants) these days, like boys, especially when dressed informally. Girls often grow their hair longer than boys, although this can vary a lot according to quickly changing fashions.


Family Guy

Family Guy is an American animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The show mainly focuses on the Griffin family, a badly functioning family. The parents are Peter and Lois, and their children are Meg, Chris, and Stewie. The family also has a talking pet dog, Brian. The show is set in the fictional city of Quahog, Rhode Island. A lot of its humor uses cutaway gags to make fun of American culture.

The family was created by MacFarlane after making two animated movies, "The Life of Larry" and "Larry & Steve". MacFarlane changed the movie's main character, Larry, and his dog, Steve, and renamed them Peter and Brian. MacFarlane showed a seven-minute pilot episode to Fox in December 1998, and the show then began on Fox. "Family Guy" cancellation was announced shortly after the third season had aired in 2002, and one unaired episode was shown on Adult Swim in 2003. Good DVD sales and high ratings from reruns meant Fox to restarted the show in 2004. A fourth season began the following year, on May 1, 2005.

"Family Guy" has been given critical acclaim. In 2009, it was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series, the first time an animated series was nominated for the award since "The Flintstones" in 1961. In 2013, "TV Guide" said "Family Guy" was the ninth Greatest TV Cartoon of All Time.

On May 11, 2020, Fox let the series have a nineteenth season. On September 23, 2020, Fox said that the show would continue for a twenty-first season. The twenty-first season started on September 25, 2022. Currently, episodes of "Family Guy" have been broadcast.

On January 26, 2023, Fox said that the series would have a season 22 and 23, taking the show through the 2024-25 television season.


Myspace

Myspace is a social networking website owned by News Corp. Digital Media where people can communicate using messages, video and photo uploads, blogs, social groups, and music. Myspace was founded in 2003 and used to be the 24th most popular website in the world. Myspace was popular with young people between 2005 and 2010. MySpace's head office is in New York City.

Some people think Myspace is a bad site, because it makes personal information very easy to find. Many parents do not like Myspace. They would like it to shut down. Myspace says that they are a safe place for all people, and has rules to keep people safe.

NBC's Dateline has a ""To Catch a Predator"" series that talks about Myspace's safety problems. Although Myspace has many contradictions against them, they have not shut down.

Myspace Inc. is a web page where individuals can communicate, and exchange information with their network of friends. Users can set up a personal profile, which can be changed, and new graphics and pictures and additional material can be added. All members can upload pictures to share with their friends, and others have permission to comment on their pictures and uploaded materials.

Also the user can choose to play games on, and post blogs to share with their friends and family.

Myspace has users all over the world which includes: 



RuneScape

RuneScape is a video game that is played on the Internet. Multiple people play "RuneScape" all at the same time, which makes it a Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (or MMORPG). It began in 2001, and is owned by Jagex Ltd. It is set in a fantasy land.
The game first started in 2001 as "Runescape" (now referred to as "RuneScape Classic"), but the code and graphics engine was rewritten in 2004 to form "Runescape 2. "Again, in 22 July 2013, the game was rewritten as "RuneScape 3," which is the version playable today. The game is designed to allow players all over the world to connect and play together in real-time. There may be over 100,000 people playing the game at any one time, and even more at peak times such as weekends.

The game was originally made by Andrew Gower. He created a game named "DeviousMUD" in 1998. DeviousMud used two dimensional graphics. It was only briefly released to the public before being taken down. RuneScape is entirely made of three dimensional graphics. 

Jagex was formed soon after. It stands for Java Gaming Experts. Andrew Gower is head of development. It was renamed to Just About the Game Experience.

Old School RuneScape (OSRS) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed and published by Jagex. The game can be played with or without buying membership. The game was released on February 22, 2013 as a copy of the main game. After players grew frustrated with updates to the main game, Jagex opened a poll where players could vote whether or not to bring back an older version of the game from 2007. The number of votes would determinine the support it would receive from Jagex. The poll ended with over 450,000 votes in favor of the servers; this meant it would not require an additional subscription and would have a small development team. In order for new content to be added to the game, the update must pass a game-wide poll with a seventy-fine percent ratio. Since release, OSRS has received many engine improvements, new content, and quality of life updates. Despite having a smaller staff and a slower relative update schedule, OSRS had more than twice the active players that RuneScape had by 2017. A mobile version of the game for Android and iOS was released in October 2018.

The "RuneScape" world has many different areas and places where players can explore and do activities such as quests or training a skill. "RuneScape" skills are abilities that players can train to be able to do special things. Smithing is an example of a skill that can allow a player to create metal items.

"RuneScape" is an online game. Like most free online games, the free version is basic, and there is an option to become a paying member and buy more features. "RuneScape" members who pay get to explore a world three times as big. "RuneScape" is played on 172 servers. Each server can have up to 2,000 people playing on it at a time. 

As an optional service one can become a Member. Members get a larger area to play in, and go past the level 5 trial that free players get in the 10 members skills, 6 times the space in the game's bank, and access to member only weapons, tools, armor and quests. There are over one million (1,000,000) members in "Runescape".

Like most MMORPGs, "RuneScape" has weapons, armor and shields. Weapons, armor and shields can be made out of many things. Common materials for items include bronze, iron, steel, black, mithril, adamantite, rune, granite, and dragon. Some of these materials can be obtained by mining rocks that contain ore. Players can then create items from the ore by smelting the ore using the smith skill into bars and then use the bar and smith it also using the smithing skill. There are also other armors that can not be made but must be gotten through methods such as trade or quests. Some members only weapons have special abilities to help the player, such as the abyssal whip and the dragon scimitar. Mages use magic to protect themselves and others so they use a light clothing. Rangers usually wear dragon-skin to protect themselves from opponents.

"RuneScape" has skills to train, including 16 free to play skills and 10 members skills. Players can train their skills by doing different actions. Skills are usually trained by collecting a resource, like logs, and doing something with them such as burning them. All of the skills can be leveled up to a max of 99 and Dungeoneering has a max of 120. All are also able to be trained to 200,000,000exp.
The Current Skills as of the 26th August 2013:
Attack,
Strength,
Defence,
Range,
Prayer,
Magic,
Runecrafting,
Construction,
Dungeoneering,
Divination,
Constitution,
Agility,
Herblore,
Thieving,
Crafting,
Fletching,
Slayer,
Hunter,
Mining,
Smithing,
Fishing,
Cooking,
Firemaking,
Woodcutting,
Farming,
Summoning. 

"RuneScape" has a Player Killing part in the game. Player killing takes place in the Wilderness, a large area north of all major cities. Player killing also takes place in some mini-games but it is different from main player killing because in mini-games, there are different rules that control player killing. Player killing was limited to only minigames on December 10, 2007. However, Wilderness player killing was reinstated on February 1, 2011.


Jagex

Jagex (Java Gaming Experts) is a company that makes computer games. Its most famous game is "Runescape".

Jagex, known for RuneScape, has also released several casual games on its FunOrb portal and other titles. The company has changed ownership multiple times, including ownership by U.S. investors from 2012 to 2016, Chinese investors from 2016 to 2020, Macarthur Fortune Holding LLC in 2020, and is currently owned by The Carlyle Group.

Ella Enchanted

Ella Enchanted is a Newbery Honor book. It was written by Gail Carson Levine. It was published in 1997. It is also the title of the American movie based on the novel, released April 9, 2004. The movie was directed by Tommy O'Haver and starred Anne Hathaway and Hugh Dancy. The story is a retelling of "Cinderella" featuring various mythical creatures including elves, ogres, dwarves and giants.

Exploitation

Exploitation means using things that are available in order to benefit from it. It is usually used in a bad sense, although it can be used in a good sense as well.

If a person "exploits" a situation it means that they realize that they can use it to do something which will be good for them. Very often this also means that it will be bad for other people. So the first person exploits the situation and also exploits the other people.

People, especially unskilled workers, can be exploited through a sweatshop. This means that someone else uses the people's knowledge or skills in order to make them do something for them. Socialists (or communists) often talked about the "exploitation of the masses" when they were saying that Capitalism was bad. They meant that a few rich people were using all the working people to do hard work for them but paying them very little. The employers then sold the products for more money and kept the extra as profits so that they themselves could become rich.

Exploiting people still goes on today.


People (magazine)

People is a weekly American magazine of celebrity and human interest stories. It is published by Time Inc. As of 2006, it had a circulation of 3.75 million. It was named "Magazine of the Year" by "Advertising Age" in October 2005, for very good editorial, circulation and advertising. "People" ranked #6 on Advertising Age's annual "A-list" and #3 on Adweek's "Brand Blazers" list in October 2006.

Eye of Horus

The Eye of Horus was an important symbol in ancient Egypt. It was the symbol of protection and Royal Power from Ra or Horus.

Horus was an ancient Egyptian sky god in the form of a falcon. The right eye represents a peregrine falcon's eye and the markings around it. This includes the "teardrop" marking sometimes found below the eye. As the wadjet (also udjat or utchat), it also represented the sun, and was associated with the Sun God Ra (Re). The "mirror image", or left eye, represented the moon and the God Tehuti (Thoth). 

In the ancient Egyptian measurement system, the Eye Of Horus defined an Old Kingdom rounded off number one(1) = 1/2 + 1/4 + 1/8 + 1/16 + 1/32 + 1/64, by throwing away 1/64.








The Great Khali

Dalip Singh Rana (born August 27 1972) is an Indian professional wrestler, actor and powerlifter. He is better known by his ring name The Great Khali. He worked for the WWE from 2006 to 2014. Before he started his professional sports career, he was an officer in the Punjab state police.

Under the ring name "Giant Singh", Dalip Singh became a pro wrestler for All Pro Wrestling in the United States. He made his first appearance in October 2000.

On May 28, 2001, Brian Ong died while training with Singh. Ong had already suffered one concussion but was told to continue training. A second concussion was deadly for him. Because Singh caused his death, Ong's family brought a lawsuit against All Pro Wrestling. APW was made to pay the Ong family over $1.3 million.

On January 2, 2006, Singh started working for WWE. He was assigned to Deep South Wrestling for training. Singh first appeared on WWE television on April 7, 2006. He attacked The Undertaker during his match with Mark Henry. Khali had his first WWE match on April 21, 2006 against Funaki.

In July of 2006, Khali was removed from a match against the Undertaker because of elevated liver enzymes. On August 4, 2006, he returned to SmackDown. On August 29, 2006, it was reported that Khali would be out of action for several months due to surgery on both knees.

In 2007, Singh was feuding with Batista in July before The Great American Bash. The two were scheduled for a match on PPV on Sunday, July 22, 2007. However, Edge had to give up the World Heavyweight Championship because of a pectoral injury. Khali had won the championship in a 20-man battle royal at the July 17 taping of SmackDown! He then went on to defend his title successfully against Kane and Batista at the Great American Bash.


In 2005, Singh starred in the movie "The Longest Yard" as Turley, one of the prison's inmates. On March 16 2007, Singh starred in the 2007 remake of "Get Smart", a movie based on the 1960s classic TV show, alongside The Rock.

He married Harminder Kaur on February 27, 2002.


Ani (god)

In Etruscan mythology, Ani is god of the sky. He is shown as living in the highest heaven. He is sometimes shown with two faces, possibly showing a link with the Akkadian god Anu and the Roman god Janus.


Tecophilaea

Tecophilaea is a genus of plants in the family "Tecophilaeaceae". It has two species. One of them, Chilean Blue Crocus ("T. cyanocroccus"), is at risk (IUCN Red List).

Propolis

Propolis ' „for“ y ' „city“ is a wax-like resinous substance collected by honey bees from tree buds (e.g. poplar) or other plant-related sources and used as cement and to seal cracks or open spaces in the beehive. It can also kill bacteria.

Home and Away

Home and Away (often called H&A) is an Australian soap opera that has been made in Sydney by the Seven Network since July 1987. The show first aired on 17 January 1988 with a two hour pilot. It is set in Summer Bay, a fictional town in New South Wales. It stars Samara Weaving with Jessica Falkholt and Cornelia Frances.

Some of the characters in the show are John, Braxton, Heath, Alf, Irene and Matilda.

Anthony Hopkins

Sir Philip Anthony Hopkins CBE (born 31 December 1937) is a Welsh actor of movies, theater and television. He is very famous for many roles in movies, especially as Hannibal Lecter in "The Silence of the Lambs". He has won an Academy Award, three BAFTA Awards, two Emmys and the Cecil B. DeMille Golden Globe Award.

In 2011, Hopkins played Odin in the MCU movie "Thor". In 2019, he played Pope Benedict XVI in the Netflix movie "The Two Popes".

Hopkins was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1993 for services to the arts. He gained US citizenship in 2000, whilst retaining his British citizenship. He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2003, and was made a Fellow of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts in 2008.

Hopkins won a fifth BAFTA Award and a second Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for "The Father" (2020), becoming the oldest Best Actor winner to date.


Turner Classic Movies

Turner Classic Movies (TCM) is a cable television channel featuring commercial-free classic movies, mostly from the Turner Entertainment and Warner Bros. film libraries, which include many MGM, United Artists, RKO and Warner Bros. titles. Movie historian Robert Osborne used to host the channel until his retirement in early 2016. 


Internet Broadway Database

The Internet Broadway Database (IBDb) is an online database of Broadway theatre productions and their personnel. It is operated by the Research Department of the League of American Theatres and Producers, a trade association for the North American commercial theatre community.


Brigitte Bardot

Brigitte Bardot (French IPA: ) (born 28 September 1934) is a French actress, former fashion model, singer, animal rights activist, and considered one of the most important sex symbols of the 1950s and 1960s. She was one of the few actresses from Europe to which the American media paid attention.

Born in Paris, into a well to do family, her father was an industrialist and her mother a housewife. She received a strict education but was allowed to take ballet lessons hoping to become a professional classical dancer.

In 1949, at the suggestion of a family friend, she began working as a fashion model and ended up making the cover of "Elle" magazine in May 1950. This led to her being noticed by movie director Yves Allegret who offered her a role in one of his movie. The movie was never made but during the audition she met his young assistant Roger Vadim. Her family was strongly against the relationship but finally gave in and they married in 1952.

That same year, she began her acting career and appeared in two films; "Le trou normand" and "Manina, fille sans voile".

In the ensuing years, she appeared in small parts in various movies in France, Italy and England. Her career really took off in 1956, when she appeared in Vadim's movie "Et Dieu créa la femme" ("An God created Woman"), written especially for her, which made her an instant star and an international sex-symbol. From then on, her every move made headlines around the world. In 1958, she bought a house "La Madrague" in Saint Tropez, then a quiet fishermen village, which has since then become a highly touristic destination.

Other notable movies have included; "En cas de malheur" (1958), "La vérité" (1960), considered by many her best role, "Vie Privée" (1962), "Le mépris" (1963), "Viva Maria" (1965), etc. She also enjoyed success as a singer but mostly through recordings and television appearances.

In 1973, she decided to retire from entertainment and devote herself to her real passion the animal rights, which she continues today. She created her own foundation in 1986.

During the 1990s, she published her autobiography and other books in which she spoke openly about her political views on such things as immigration and Islam in France, mixed marriages and homosexuality, which created considerable controversy. She has angered many people who are part of these groups and was fined for incitation to racial hatred.

Bardot had four husbands and other romantic partners. After her divorce from Vadim in 1957, she married actor Jacques Charrier in 1959, with whom she had her only child, a son Nicolas, born on 11 January 1960. They divorced in 1962. Her third husband, from 1966 to 1969, was German millionaire Gunter Sachs. She has been married to Bernard d'Ormale, a right-wing political organizer, since 1992.


Farben Lehre

Farben Lehre is a Polish punk rock band. The band was started in 1986 in Płock, Poland.



Billy Crystal

Billy Crystal (born March 14, 1948) is a Golden Globe Award-nominated and Emmy Award-winning American actor, writer, producer, comedian, singer, movie director and television host. He became famous in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC Comedy-drama, "Soap". Crystal was a castmember of Saturday Night Live. He became a Hollywood movie star during the late 1980s and the 1990s, appearing in the box office successes "When Harry Met Sally..." and "City Slickers".


Carmen Electra

Tara Leigh Patrick (born April 20, 1972), professionally known as Carmen Electra, is an American actress, model, singer and media personality. Dubbed a "sex symbol" and "pop culture icon", Electra came to widespread recognition for playing Lani McKenzine in "Baywatch" (1998–1999) and for her work in 2000s parody films. She also appeared in the films "Get Over It" (2001), "Starsky & Hutch" (2004), "Cheaper by the Dozen 2" (2005) and "Hot Tamale" (2006), hosted the MTV show "Singled Out" (1997–1999) and featured with The Pussycat Dolls as a guest dancer on "VH1 Divas 2004."



Calista Flockhart

Calista Kay Flockhart (born on November 11, 1964) is an American actress. She was nominated for an Emmy Award. Flockhart won a Golden Globe award in 1998. She was on soap operas and other television shows. She is famous for her role as the main character in the 1997-2002 television show, "Ally McBeal". She played Sally Field's daughter, Kitty Walker, on the successful ABC drama, "Brothers & Sisters". She played a political campaign adviser.


Dwight Schultz

William Dwight Schultz (born November 24, 1947 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American stage, television and movie actor. He is known for his roles as Captain "Howling Mad" Murdock on the hit 1980s action show "The A-Team", and Reginald Barclay in "", "" and the movie "" and Lester in "The Powerpuff Girls".


Fred Savage

Frederick Aaron Savage (born July 9, 1976) is an Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award-nominated American actor and television director. He is best known for his role as Kevin Arnold in "The Wonder Years".


Gene Kelly

Eugene Curran Kelly (August 23, 1912 – February 2, 1996), better known as Gene Kelly, was an American dancer, actor, singer, director, and choreographer.

He was a great example of 20th century filmed dance, famous for his energetic and athletic dancing style, his good looks and the like able characters that he played on screen. Although he is probably most famous today for his act in "Singin' in the Rain", he was the most popular actor in the Hollywood musical movie industry from the mid 1940s to the early 1980s. Kelly died of a stroke on February 2, 1996.


Islamic fundamentalism

Islamic fundamentalism is supporting usage of Islamic laws, based on the Quran and hadiths in law.

Golden Globe Awards

The Golden Globe Awards are American awards for motion pictures and television programs, given out each year during a formal dinner. Run since 1944 by the (HFPA), the awards are a major part of the film industry's "awards season" which ends each year with the Oscars and Screen Actors Guild Awards. The broadcast of the Golden Globe Awards generally ranks as the third most-watched awards show each year, behind only the Oscars and Grammys. The Golden Globes has grown to one of the highest honors for actors and actresses.

The Golden Globes are awarded early in the year, based on votes from (as of 2005) 86 part-time journalists living in Hollywood and who work for media based outside of the United States.




AllMusic

Allmusic, which was known as All Music Guide (AMG) before, is a database about music. It is owned by All Media Guide. All Music was created in 1991 by popular-culture archivist Michael Erlewine and mathematician Vladimir Bogdanov, Ph.D., as a guide for people who wish to buy music. They have published a book every year since 1992. All Music was created before the World Wide Web and was possible to consult first as a Gopher site.


The Lord of the Rings (movie series)

The Lord of the Rings is a set of three fantasy movies: "The Fellowship of the Ring" (2001), "The Two Towers" (2002) and "The Return of the King" (2003). The movies were based on J. R. R. Tolkien's book "The Lord of the Rings".

The plot of The Lord of the Rings is about the war of the peoples of the fantasy world Middle-earth against a dark lord known as "Sauron." At the same time they try to destroy a ring which would give Sauron a lot of power if he got it, but the only place to destroy the ring is deep into Sauron's land Mordor.

The movie trilogy was directed by Peter Jackson. The screenplay was written by Fran Walsh, Philippa Boyens, and Peter Jackson. It was distributed by New Line Cinema.

These were the first live-action "Lord of the Rings" movies made. They were filmed in New Zealand from October 1999 to December 2000, and released separately in December 20012003 by Warner Bros.


The cast includes:

Compared to the book, the "Lord of the Rings" movies differed in many ways. The plot and motivation of the characters changed, and parts of the story were cut. A few changes that many consider major include: "The Old Forest", "In the House of Tom Bombadil", and "Fog on the Barrow-Downs", from "The Fellowship of the Ring"; "Many Partings", "Homeward Bound", & "The Scouring of the Shire" from "The Return of the King". These were left out, and other passages changed, because of dramatic flow and practical limits on what could be presented in three movies. The scripts are not exactly true to the story in the volumes of the book, yet have most of its most important elements.



Gary Coleman

Gary Wayne Coleman (February 8, 1968 - May 28, 2010) was an American actor. Coleman was an African American who was born in Santa Barbara, California, with a kidney disease causing nephritis. Nephritis is an autoimmune destruction of the kidney. The disease stopped his growth at an early age. Because of this, he was only tall. His height was his most notable feature. He received two kidney transplants, one in 1973 and one in 1984. He then needed dialysis every day. He was adopted. He was famous for his role as Arnold Jackson in the American sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes". He died of a hemorrhage cause by an accidental fall in Provo, Utah.



Cameo appearance

A cameo role or cameo appearance (often shortened to just cameo) is a brief appearance of a known person in a work of the performing arts, such as plays, movies, video games and television. Such a role does not have to be an actor: short appearances by movie directors, politicians, athletes, and other celebrities are common. 

Some examples would be Alfred Hitchcock briefly appearing in some of his movies or Stan Lee always briefly appearing in Marvel-related movies or Salman Khan's apperance in Pathaan.

Cameo (carving)

A cameo is a kind of small sculpture. A cameo has an image in relief. The image is often a different colour to the background. An intaglio is the opposite of cameo.

Cameos with portraits of people were common in the jewellery of Classical Antiquity. This type of cameo was also common in the Renaissance.

George Peppard

George Peppard, Jr. (October 1, 1928 – May 8, 1994) was an American movie and television actor. 

His roles included in the film "Breakfast at Tiffany's" (1961), and the television series "The A-Team", where he was the leader of the group, who was often smoking a cigar.

Peppard had lung cancer and died of pneumonia on May 8, 1994 in Los Angeles.



Rotten Tomatoes

Rotten Tomatoes is a website dedicated to reviews, information, and news of movies and television series. The name derives from the vaudeville-era cliché of throwing tomatoes and other products at stage performers if a performance was particularly bad. The company has been owned by Flixster, a Warner Bros. company, since May 2011.

As of 2021, the website's editor-in-chief is Joel Meares.

Rotten Tomatoes was launched on August 12, 1998, as a spare time project by Senh Duong. His goal in creating Rotten Tomatoes was "to create a site where people can get access to reviews from a variety of critics in the US".



Halle Berry

Halle Maria Berry (born August 14, 1966) is an American actress. Berry has received Emmy and Golden Globe awards, and was awarded the Academy Award in 2002 for her role in "Monster's Ball". She is the first and still only African American woman to have won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Berry was ranked No. 1 on People's "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" list in 2003. In March 2014, she launched her own TV production company, 606 Films.

Academy Awards

Golden Globe Award

Emmy Award

Golden Raspberry Awards

Screen Actors Guild Award


Golden Raspberry Awards

The Golden Raspberry Awards or Razzies, first awarded in 1981, were made by John J. B. Wilson in 1980, with the goal of being the opposite of the Academy Awards by dishonoring the worst movies. It is usually a plastic raspberry spray-painted gold and mounted on a plastic base, however Bill Cosby accepted a custom-made one made out of 24 carat (99.99%) gold and Italian marble.

Today, awards are voted by the membership of the "Golden Raspberry Award Foundation" (GRAF), and anyone can become a member of the foundation, something that does not happen with the Academy Awards. Usually, nominations are made public one day before the Motion Picture Academy says its Oscar nominations, and the awards are presented one day before the Oscar ceremony.

The term "raspberry" is used as a joke, as in "blowing a raspberry."

Blowing a raspberry

Blowing raspberries is to make a noise similar to a fart.
It is made by placing the tongue between the lips, and blowing.


Joshua Jackson

Joshua Carter Jackson (born June 11, 1978) is a Canadian actor. He has appeared in American television and movies, and is famous for his role as Pacey Witter in the television series "Dawson's Creek" and Charlie Conway in "The Mighty Ducks" movie series.
He also starred as Peter Bishop on "Fringe".



John Wayne

John Wayne (May 26, 1907 – June 11, 1979) was an American actor.

Born with the name Marion Robert Morrison in Winterset, Iowa. Wayne was Scotch Irish on his father and Irish on his mother's side. During Wayne's childhood, he moved to Palmdale, California then to Glendale, California. While attending Wayne started working in small local movie companies. And also started playing football in high school and participated in the Glendale school team before being recruited by the University of Southern California (USC).

Wayne began his movie career in the 1920s. In 1928, he played an extra in John Ford's "Four Sons". In 1930, he had his first leading role in "The Big Trail".

Wayne was nominated for an Academy Award for "Sands of Iwo Jima". One of his most important roles was that of Ethan Edwards a desperate man looking for his niece kidnapped by Comanche in the 1956 western movie "The Searchers", directed by John Ford.

"The Alamo" was nominated for several Academy Awards. It won the award for Best Sound. Wayne received an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for his role in "True Grit". His last role was in "The Shootist". 
In 1999, the American Film Institute named Wayne thirteenth among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time. A Harris Poll released in 2007 placed Wayne third among America's favorite movie stars, the only star on the list who has died and the only one who has appeared on the poll every year.

Wayne had lung cancer in the 1960s. He had a lung removed and recovered. He died of stomach cancer.



Tropical Storm Tammy (2005)

Tropical Storm Tammy is the nineteenth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Tammy was a tropical storm that only existed for a total of two days and brought minor damages to the southeastern United States. It peaked with 50 mph (85 km/h) just before making landfall on the northern Florida coast. Most of the damages were losses from FEMA that totaled up to $30 million.

Tammy formed from a strong non-tropical low on October 5 just off the Floridan coast. It moved north, peaking with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds jus before making landfall on Atlantic Beach, Florida on October 6 dissipating shortly after. Tammy's remnants were absorbed by a cold front in the Gulf of Mexico.

A tropical wave left the African coast on September 24 and crossed the Atlantic without strengthening or changing. But on October 2, the wave began to strengthen and organize itself while north of the Lesser Antilles. It continued to strengthen as it moved through the Bahamas and early on October 5, it became a well-organized tropical disturbance off the coast of eastern Florida.

As the system already had tropical-storm force winds, it was immediately named "Tropical Storm Tammy", also skipping tropical depression status. The forecasts from the National Hurricane Center stated that Tammy would travel north possibly parallel to the coast, which also meant that it is uncertain where Tammy wold make landfall.

Tropical Storm Tammy strengthened a little bit more to its peak with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds before it made landfall near Atlantic Beach, Florida later that same day. Tammy then moved inland over Georgia and soon weakened to a tropical depression before losing all of its strength on October 6.

The remnant low slowly movedsouth towards the Gulf of Mexico before being absorbed by a cold front (which also picked up the remnants of Subtropical Depression Twenty-two), which affected much of the northeastern United States over the next few days. The NHC watched the system to see if any of the low level circulation would redevelop over the Gulf of Mexico but unfavorable upper-level winds did not allow any restrengthening, as it was predicted.

A tropical storm warning was given out at short notice for the coast from Cocoa Beach, Florida to the Santee River, South Carolina as soon as Tropical Storm Tammy formed on October 5. Tammy moved inland the southern end of the warning zone, eventually moving north to Altamaha Sound, Georgia before all warnings were discontinued on October 6.

Tropical Storm Tammy caused minor damage. The main concern with Tammy was flooding. The highest sustained wind recorded with Tammy was 50 mph, reported a few miles northeast of the center. The highest wind gust reported with Tammy was near 60 mph. Several areas in northeast Florida and southern Georgia reported sustained winds of 40 mph+ due to Tammy's large wind field. Rainfall totals related with Tammy were mostly in the 3-5 inch range, though some isolated amounts received 10 inches of rain.
In Georgia, Several homes were damaged because of flooding. Also in Georgia, several roads were washed out and two pond dams were broken. Storm surge related with Tammy was in the 2-4 feet range. Many boardwalks were washed away and there was some beach erosion in Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina. In addition to the flooding, an F0 tornado was reported, which caused moderate roof damage and broke trees in Brunswick, Georgia. Total damages from Tammy was around $30 million (2005 USD). 16,500 people were reported in southeast Georgia without power during the height of the storm.
The remnant low of Tammy was absorbed by a larger extratropical low which moved north and Tammy's moisture helped create a different storm over the northeast U.S., killing ten people and causing moderate damage.

When Tropical Storm Tammy formed on October 5, it was the earliest ever in the season that the twentieth storm formed, breaking the previous record held by Storm 20 from 1933 by 21 days. Tammy was only the second Atlantic storm to be named with the letter 'T', after Tanya in 1995. This was also the first time Tammy had been used to name any tropical cyclone worldwide. Because Tammy caused minor damages in general, its name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 Season.



Manuchehri

Abu Najm Ahmad ibn Qaus Manuchehri Damghani (c. 982 – 1040) () or Manucheri was a Persian poet. He was from Damghan in Iran. His poems are collected in a Diwan.

Piranshahr

Piranshahr () is a city in northwest of Iran. The people of Piranshahr are mostly Kurds who consider themselves to be descendants of the Medes, one of the three Aryan tribes who migrated to Iran.

Rumi

Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Rumi (30 September 1207 – 17 December 1273), which means "Our Master", is one of the Islamic world's greatest poets. He is usually known in the English-speaking world as Rumi. He is a Sufi mystic, philosopher and lover of humanity. His followers began a school of mysticism to encourage and celebrate his teachings—the Sufi branch known to many Westerners as the 'Whirling Dervishes', whose proper name is the Mevlevi order.

Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Rumi was born in 1207 in Balkh, Persia in what is today Afghanistan. His father, Bahāʼ al-Dīn Valad, was a famous religious teacher and mystic who had a position at the university in Balkh. When Mongols invaded Persia, Rumi left Persia for Konya, which was then under the Persian empire. By the time he made it to Konya his mother had died, and he was married with a son.

Rumi had had his early spiritual education from his father Bahauddin and later his father’s close friend Sayyid Burhaneddin of Balkh. Rumi grew both in knowledge and consciousness of God over the years. Eventually Sayyid Burhaneddin told Rumi that he was now ready and a mature Sufi and scholar and that the 'next stage' of his spiritual development would soon occur. And so Sayyid predicted the coming of Shams of Tabriz, the central event and love of Rumi’s life.

At the age of 37, Rumi met the spiritual vagabond and holy-man, Shams. It was his meeting with this dervish on 15 November, 1244 that completely changed his life. Much has been written about their relationship. Before this encounter Rumi had been an eminent professor of religion and a highly attained mystic; after this he became an inspired poet and a great lover of humanity. Shams’ companionship with Rumi was brief. Despite the fact that each was a perfect mirror for the other, Shams disappeared, not once but twice. The first time, Rumi’s son Sultan Veled searched for him and found him in Damascus.The second disappearance, however, proved to be final, and it is believed that he may have been murdered by orthodox Muslim theologians, and other people of Konya who resented his influence over Rumi.

Shams convinced Rumi that at certain moments it was possible to commune directly with God: Rather than believers simply being interpreters of the word of God, they could experience his presence directly. 
The effect on Rumi was immediate: abandoning his familial and scholarly responsibilities he gave all his time to learning as much as possible from Shams. The mystic came and went without explanation, and vanished permanently in 1248. From then on, Rumi devoted himself to poetry, and he primarily wrote about the topic of love. His verses, inspired by Shams—more than 30,000 in all—were collected in a work that he called "Diwan-i Shams-i-Tabriz" ('The Divan of Shams of Tabriz'). Stylistically, Rumi favoured the well established, "ghazal," a traditional Persian meter of up to twelve rhyming lines; and to a lesser extent, the "Rubai" quartrain form.
Rumi seems to have been permanently engaged in a search of divine inspiration and love. He saw and found his 'Muse' in various human and natural aspects of existence. After the "Divan" he completed his great masterpiece or "magnum opus", the "Mathnavi-i Ma'navi" ('The Mathnavi/Treatise Devoted to the Intrinsic Meaning of All Things'), which was dictated in its entirety to his student Hissam-ud-din Chelebi over the course of many years.
Although there had been a substantial Islamic mystical tradition prior to Rumi, his poetry transformed both thinking and ritual about it. For example, the famous centripetal dance of the dervishes - the "sema" ritual - is said to have its inspiration in Rumi's own movements around a pole in his garden as he mourned for his companion Shams. In time, these actions were adapted into Sufic practise by Rumi and then handed down to his favoured disciples who institutionalized them into the activities of the Mevlevi Order that they founded in their Master's honour.

Rumi died on December 17, 1273 AD and his "Urs" (Spiritual anniversary/festival) is held every year on 8th December at his "Turbe" (shrine) in Konya.

Rumi's main works, all in Persian language, are

Rumi remains as important and vital as ever. The love poetry of Rumi has found great favor in the West as well as amongst the newer generation of Muslim youth throughout the Muslim world. For Turks, Afghans, Iranians, Tajiks, and other Central Asian Muslims as well as the Muslims of South Asia, Rumi's importance is considered above religious, national and ethnic borders. With his works being translated into many languages everywhere, other cultures and people in the world are now also approaching and understanding Rumi more deeply and at times, even trying to follow his teachings and 'Way'.

15. * See Maulana Jalaluddin Muhammad Rumi (1207-1273) in "Great Poets of Classical Persian" by R M Chopra, 2014, Sparrow Publication. 

Abu-Shakur Balkhi

Abu-Shakur Balkhi (born 915 in Balkh) (Persian: بوشکور بلخی) or Boshakor Balkhi was a Persian poet. He lived in the Samanid era in central Asian Persia and wrote the Afarin Nama in 944. He died in Balkh, now in modern Afghanistan.

Nasir Khusraw

Abu Mo’in Hamid al-Din Nasir ibn Khusraw Qubadiani Marvzi (1004-1088), also known as Nāsir Khusraw Qubādiyānī Balkhi or Nasir Khusraw Balkhi was a Persian poet. He was born in a village near Balkh in modern Afghanistan. He knew about science, medicine, mathematics, astronomy and astrology. He had studied Arabic, Turkish, Greek, Hindi, Sindhi, Hebrew and Persian. He wrote the Safarnama. In Safarnama, Naser Khosrow described his journey to Mecca, Cairo and Jerusalem and many other cities. His poems are collected in a diwan. He died in Yamagan, a village in Afghanistan.

Anvari

Hakīm Awhad ad-Din Ali ibn Mohammad Khavarani Anvari Abivardi (1126-1189) () or Anvari is a Persian poet. He was born in Abivard (a village between Iran and Turkmenistan) and died in Balkh (now in Afghanistan). He studied science and literature in Tun, a city in Iran. He studied science, astronomy, medicine and literature. Anvari knew Persian, Arabic, Turkish, Hindi, and even Hebrew. Anwari's poems are collected in a Diwan. He was known as the king of poets in Seljuk empire royal house.

Old World Underground, Where Are You Now?

Old World Underground, Where Are You Now? is a 2003 album by Canadian band Metric. There are six videos that came out for this album between 2003/04, they are (directors in brackets): 

"Combat Baby" was also a single in the UK.

All tracks written by Metric.




Metric's official website has short clips of this album on their music page .

Lyrics for this album can be found on Metric's website .

Mohammad Reza Pahlavi

Mohammad Reza Pahlavi (, October 16, 1919 – July 27, 1980) was the last Shah of Iran from the 1941 abdication of his father, until the Iranian Revolution in 1979. After the 1979 revolution, led by Ruhollah Khomeini the government of Iran changed into an Islamic republic.

He died at a Cairo hospital from chronic lymphocytic leukemia on July 27, 1980 at the age of 60.

Mehdi Bazargan

Mehdi Bazargan (; 1 September, 1907 in Bazargan – 20 January, 1995) or Mahdi Bazargan was an Iranian scholar. He protested against the Shah regime in Iran. He was jailed many times for political reasons. Bazargan was Iran's first prime minister after the Iranian Revolution in 1979. He was against the United States Embassy hostage taking. He was also against the continuation of Iran-Iraq war. He resigned on November 4, 1981. Bazargan died of a heart attack on January 20, 1995 when he was travelling from Tehran to Zürich, Switzerland.

Gazelle

Gazelles are a kind of antelope. They are in the genera "Gazella", "Eudorcas" and "Nanger".

Gazelles are mostly found in the grasslands and savannas of Africa, but they are also found in southwest Asia. Gazelles are known as fast animals. They can reach high speeds for long periods of time. They usually live in herds. They eat plants and leaves. They show a special way of running slowly and jumping high when they are chased by lions or cheetahs.

Gazelle comes from the Arabic "ghazăl" ().


American Idiot (album)

American Idiot is the 7th album by the American punk rock band Green Day. It was released in 2004. The following songs are on the album:


First Division

1st Division or First Division can mean:


Kabyle language

Kabyle is a Berber language (Kabyle: "", "taqbaylit", pronounced ) spoken by the Kabyle people. There are 3,123,000 speakers worldwide, the majority in Algeria, where there are more 2,000,000 speakers.

Kabyle was (with some exceptions) rarely written before the 20th century; however, in recent years a small but increasing body of literature has been printed. The originally oral poetry of Si Mohand and Ait Menguellet are particularly notable in this respect.

Slackware

Slackware is a GNU/Linux distribution which is famous for being stable, fast and suitable for older computers. Slackware is the oldest Linux distribution that is still supported. 

It does not offer any graphical tools for configuration; rather, the person must change it on their own using the command line interface and by editing text files.

The newest version is Slackware 15.0.



Tropical Storm Bret (2005)

Tropical Storm Bert was a weak storm that only lasted from June 28 to June 29. Bret hit the eastern coast of Mexico on June 29 before dying inland. Bret was also the second storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.

Tropical Storm Bert formed close to land over the Bay of Campeche on June 28 before making landfall on Mexico a few hours later on June 29. Bert killed a total of two people.

Tropical Depression Two formed from a tropical wave over the Bay of Campeche on June 28, and quickly strengthened and became a tropical storm. Bret then began to move steadily closer to land during the next few hours before making landfall near Tuxpan, Veracruz in eastern Mexico early on June 29 with 40 mph (65 km/h) winds.

Bret quickly weakened as it continued inland, making heavy rain over the eastern coast of Mexico before dissipating over the mountains in central Mexico late on June 29.

Damages in Mexico totaled up to $9 million (2005 USD).
Most of the damage came from floods and landslides caused by the heavy rain. Several towns were flooded very badly, including Naranjos and Chinampa (south of Tampico). This was mainly because of the overflowing of the Río Tancochin. A total of about 3,000 homes were damaged.

Two people were reported dead because of Bret. Two people inside a car were killed when the car was swept away by the floodwaters in Naranjos.



Tropical Storm Harvey (2005)

Tropical Storm Harvey was a strong tropical storm that moved across the Atlantic Ocean from August 2 to August 8. Harvey was the eighth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm caused no damages.

Harvey formed from a tropical wave to the southwest of Bermuda on August 2 and passed close to Bermuda on August 4, bringing heavy rain to the island. The storm then began to move east and away from Bermuda, which the storm then reached its strongest strength with 65 mph (100 km/h) before becoming an extratropical cyclone on August 8. The system stayed in the northern Atlantic Ocean for a few more days before it died out later.

A tropical wave moved west from the African coast on July 22 and went across the Atlantic Ocean without becoming stronger. When the wave came across the Leeward Islands on July 28, the National Hurricane Center began to watch the system closely for any possible strengthening, which did not happen at that time. By August 2, conditions had become more favorable and Tropical Depression Eight formed about 350 miles (595 km) southwest of Bermuda.

The depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Harvey the next day. But a lot of wind shear gave Harvey some subtropical characteristics and also made the official forecasts to underestimate the future strength of the storm.

Harvey passed 45 miles (75 km) south of Bermuda early on August 4, with winds of 60 mph (90 km/h), before removing its subtropical characteristics to become a "fully tropical" storm. As it moved northeast away from the island, the storm strengthened more to its strongest with winds of 65 mph (100 km/h). Without any notice, more wind shear did not cause Harvey to weaken somewhat, although the storm's path did become confusing. Harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on August 8. The storm lived for a few more days before dissipating northwest of the Azores on August 14.

As Tropical Storm Harvey came closer to Bermuda, a tropical storm warning was given out late on August 2. Because it was considered possible for the storm to continue gaining strength, a hurricane watch was given out the next day. As the storm began move away from Bermuda on August 4, the hurricane watch and the tropical storm warning were cancelled.

Harvey brought heavy rain to Bermuda, with just over 5 inches (130 mm) reported at Bermuda International Airport. The rain caused some flooding of the roads. Also, there was a report of 45 mph (75 km/h) winds over Bermuda. The storm did not cause any bad damage or kill any people on the island.

When Tropical Storm Harvey formed on August 3, it was the earliest time ever in a season that the eighth tropical storm formed. It beat the previous record held by a storm in. This was the fourth time that the name Harvey had been used to name a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic. It was also the sixth time worldwide. However, because Harvey did not cause any bad damage, the name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be used again during the 2011 season.



Flash Gordon

Flash Gordon is a science fiction adventure story that began as a comic strip in 1934. Since then, the Flash Gordon story has been made into movies, TV shows and a radio show. 

In the story, Flash Gordon and Dale Arden blast off into space in a rocket invented by the strange Dr. Hans Zarkov. They travel to the planet Mongo, where the evil Emperor Ming plans to take over the Earth. Flash, Dale and Zarkov have to make friends with the other people on Mongo, to battle Ming and stop his plans.

A new "Flash Gordon" TV show premieres on the Sci Fi Channel in August 2007.

2 (number)

2 (Two; ) is a number, numeral, and glyph. It is the number after 1 (one) and the number before 3 (three). In Roman numerals, it is II.

Two has many meanings in math. For example: formula_1. An integer is "even" if half of it equals an integer. If the last digit of a number is even, then the number is even. This means that if you multiply 2 times anything, it will end in 0, 2, 4, 6, or 8.

Two is the smallest, first, and only even prime number. The next prime number is three. Two and three are the only prime numbers next to each other. The even numbers above two are not prime because they are divisible by 2.

Fractions with 2 in the bottom do not yield infinite.

Two is the framework of the binary system used in computers. The binary way is the simplest system of numbers where natural numbers (0-9) can be written.

Two also has the unique property that 2+2 = 2·2 = 2 and 2! + 2 = 2.

Powers of two are important to computer science.

The square root of two was the first known irrational number.

Regina, Saskatchewan

Regina is the capital and second largest city of Saskatchewan, Canada. It is in the eastern prairie region of Western Canada. It is nicknamed "The Queen City" because it was named after Queen Victoria, i.e. Victoria Regina, in 1882, by her daughter Princess Louise, who was the wife of the then-Governor General the Marquess of Lorne.

Regina was also previously the seat of government for the North-West Territories, which were once formed part of today's Saskatchewan and Alberta provinces, and also of the District of Assiniboia. Regina is expected to enter a new period of strong economic growth due to Saskatchewan's agricultural and mineral resources coming into new demand.

The Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League are the only professional sports team in Regina. They play their home games in Regina at Mosaic Stadium. Regina also has the Regina Pats of the Western Hockey League and the University of Regina's Regina Cougars/Regina Rams of the CIS.



Success

Success may mean:


Parachute

A parachute uses drag to slow something moving in air. It is often an umbrella shaped device on which people or things can float slowly and safely down to the ground from a great height, such as an aircraft.

The word parachute comes from the French words "parer" meaning to protect and "chute" meaning fall carefully down making sure you are safe. Drogue parachutes are used to aid horizontal deceleration of a vehicle (a fixed-wing aircraft, or a drag racer), or to provide stability (tandem free-fall, or space shuttle after touchdown).

Parachutes are used in a sport called skydiving. Paratroopers are soldiers who attack by jumping from an airplane.

The word "parachute" comes from "para", meaning "against" or "counter" in Ancient Greek, and "chute", the French word for "fall". In many other languages, the word refers to "falling-screen", such as German "Fallschirm". Some modern parachutes are classified as semi-rigid wings, which are maneuverable and can make a controlled descent to break on impact with the ground.

The inventor Leonardo Da Vinci sketched a parachute in his "Codex Atlanticus" (fol. 381v), in about 1485. Leonardo's canopy was held open by a square wooden frame. The feasibility of Leonardo's pyramidal design was successfully tested in 2000 by the Briton Adrian Nicholas and again in 2008 by another skydiver. According to the historian of technology Lynn White, these conical and pyramidal designs, much more elaborate than early artistic jumps with rigid parasols in Asia, mark "the origin of the parachute as we know it".

The parachute package is called "rig". It consists of backpack, harness and canopy. The backpack is the container in which the parachute is stored, and which opens up when the parachute is deployed. The harness is the strapping on which the backpack is attached to the jumper. Modern harnesses have leg straps, vertical (upwards) straps and chest strap which can be tightened snug. The fabric part of the parachute is called "canopy". It is attached to the harness by lines, which themselves attach to four straps called "risers". The canopy may be round, bell-like, resembling like a jellyfish, or the canopy may be a mattress-like, resembling a wing profile. Most army parachutes are bell parachutes, while most recreational, rescue and professional parachutes are wing parachutes.

Usually the backpack contains not just one but two parachutes: "main" parachute, which is opened normally, and "reserve" parachute, which is opened in an emergency situation, such as when the main does not open or is tangled. The use of reserve parachute have saved thousands of jumpers who would otherwise have died.

Old-fashioned bell parachutes were opened by pulling a rip cord. Modern parachutes do not have rip cords anymore, but the skydiver simply throws a small auxiliary (helper) parachute called "pilot chute" into air. This small auxiliary chute then pulls the main parachute canopy out of its pod in the backpack and it inflates (fills with air) automatically.

A parachute is carefully folded, or "packed" to ensure that it will open reliably. If a parachute is not packed properly it may result in death since the main parachute might fail to deploy (open and develop) correctly or fully. In the U.S. and many developed countries, emergency and reserve parachutes are packed by "riggers" who must be trained and certified according to legal standards. Sport skydivers are always trained to pack their own primary "main" parachutes. Many skydivers never let anyone else to pack their parachutes because they know the rig is correctly packed when they have done it themselves.

Parachutes can malfunction in several ways. Malfunctions can range from minor problems that can be corrected in-flight and still be landed, to catastrophic malfunctions that require the main parachute to be cut away using a modern 3-ring release system, and the reserve be deployed. Most skydivers also equip themselves with small barometric computers (known as an AAD or automatic activation device like Cypres, FXC or Vigil) that will automatically activate the reserve parachute if the skydiver has not deployed a parachute to reduce his rate of descent by a preset altitude.



United States Capitol

The United States Capitol is the building where the United States Congress meets. It is the center of the legislative branch of the U.S. federal government. It is in Washington, D.C., on top of Capitol Hill at the east end of the National Mall.

The capitol has a large dome in the center, above a rotunda—a large space that is shaped like a circle. There are two "wings" that are connected to the rotunda on opposite sides. The north wing is where the Senate meets and the south wing is where the House of Representatives meets. These wings are also called "chambers". On the top floors of the chambers are "galleries", or balconies where people can watch the Senate and House of Representatives from above.

The Statue of Freedom is on top of the capitol.

The first capital city of the United States was New York City. At this time, Congress met in City Hall (Federal Hall) from 1785 to 1790. When the capital was moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from 1790 to 1800, the Philadelphia County Building () became the capitol. In 1800, the capital moved again to Washington, D.C., and a new capitol building was built.

The capitol was designed by William Thornton. Construction started in 1793, but it was not completely finished until almost twenty years later. The Senate started to meet in the capitol in 1800, when the Senate wing was finished. The House started to meet in the capitol in 1807, even though the House wing was not finished until 1811.

At that time, it was not as big as it is now. The dome in the center of the building was smaller and made of wood. In 1814, the capitol was set on fire by the British Army during the War of 1812. In the 1850s and 1860s, the capitol was fully repaired, and the wooden dome was replaced with a larger iron dome. The walls of the Senate wing were painted with many murals about events in American History. Inside the rotunda, a large fresco was also painted on the ceiling during the repair.

The Supreme Court also met in the Capitol until its own building was completed in 1935.

The Capitol Dome is 8,909,200 pounds (4,009 tonnes) of cast-iron with 108 windows, and was constructed between 1855 and 1866.

On January 6, 2021, supporters of US President Donald Trump stormed into the capitol. This caused a lockdown in the building.



Strut bar

A car's strut bar or strut brace is to prevent body roll by bracing the top of the strut towers together.

Front-wheel drive

Front-wheel drive, or FWD, is a car setup, where the car's power is at the front wheels. This makes the car safe in wet and snowy conditions, because it has better traction, or grip, to the road. But, FWD can cause uneven weight, which may cause brakes to fail if used for large periods of time.

Rear-wheel drive

Rear-wheel drive, or RWD, is when a car uses its rear wheels to move. This is good for dry roads, and for acceleration, or how fast you move forward, as the weight is pushed backwards on the back wheels. But, RWD cars can spin out, also called oversteer or fishtail. This can cause crashes if the driver is new and not familiar with RWD cars.

Wireless

The word wireless is used to refer to any type of electrical or electronic operation which is done without a "hard wired" connection. Wireless communication is the transfer of information over a distance without the use of wires. The distances involved may be short (when using a television remote control) or very long (thousands or even millions of kilometers for radio communications).

One of the most popular wireless technology is the mobile phone, with more than 6.8 billion subscriptions worldwide as of 2013. The term wireless technology is generally used for mobile information technology (IT) equipment. Examples include mobile phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs), Global Positioning System (GPS) units, garage door openers, wireless computer mice and keyboards, satellite television and cordless telephones.

The world's first wireless telephone conversation happened in 1880, when Alexander Graham Bell and Charles Sumner Tainter invented photophone, a telephone that made conversations wirelessly using light beams. In 1946, a driver in Saint Louis, Mo. placed the first cell phone call in history. The cell phone was invented by Bell Labs and future AT&T CEO, H.I Romnes. 


Centrifuge

A centrifuge is a device with a motor in it, which is used to spin an object with high speed. This high speed spinning forces the object outwards. This force is used for several purposes:


Shah

Shah () is a Persian word which means the king or ruler of a country. This word is used in different countries in the world, including Iran, India, Pakistan and Afghanistan. Presently the term "Shah" is used as a surname commonly by many people in India, Pakistan and Afghanistan who are Hindu, Muslim and Jain. Many Indian names which have "Shah" in them; the most famous of them is Shah Jahan, who as the Emperor of India ordered the creation of Taj Mahal. One possible etymology of the chess term "checkmate" is the Persian "shah mat", meaning "the king cannot escape"

The term "Shah" often means Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, Shah of Iran from 1949 to 1979.

Approval voting

Approval voting is a voting system used for elections. In approval voting, each person can vote for any number of candidates they like. The votes for each of the candidates are counted, and summed up. The candidate or candidates with most votes are chosen as the winners of the election.

Supporters argue it to be better than plurality voting because voters can vote for the lessor of evils advertised by the media but also for their favorite candidates. If their goal is just to vote against a candidate, they can do so more forcefully by approving all other candidates. Ballots can easily be hand counted if voters do not trust computers, which might be needed for Instant Runoff Voting. Vote spoiling is not an issue with approval voting, so many candidates may run for office.

Opponents argue that voters still have some of the problems of plurality voting, which is that they do not know if they will need to compromise their vote or not(tactical voting). Giving approval to a compromise candidate could result in that compromise candidate winning, when their favorite would have won had they not given approval to the compromise candidate. It is possible for 51% of voters (a majority) to view a candidate as their first choice but for that candidate to lose to a compromise candidate because many of those voters approved the compromise candidate as well. Not knowing whether or not to compromise is a problem with all voting systems when at least three strong candidates run.

Agar plate

An agar plate is a Petri dish that contains agar and some nutrients (food for the microorganisms). It is used to grow microorganisms. For example, a blood sample of a patient may be put on agar plate, to let the bacteria that made the patient sick grow. These bacteria can then be identified using a microscope to let the doctor choose the appropriate treatment of the patient.

When microorganisms grow on the agar plate, they form colonies. Each colony has similar genetic characteristics. 

There are many types of agar plates that are used, but the two main types are defined and undefined. An undefined plate's nutrients aren't exactly known, but everything in a defined plate is accounted for.


Al-Hallaj

Abū al-Mughīth Hossein ibn Manūr Al Hallāj (c. 858 - March 26, 922) () or Hallaj was a Persian poet and writer. Hallaj was born in Shūshtar, Iran. Hallaj memorized the Quran when he was young. He taught Sufism in Baghdad. Muslim scholars were against his teachings. He was imprisoned in Baghdad for eleven years. In the end, he was tortured and he was beheaded by Abbasid rulers.

Again

"Again" is the name of many songs:

Conical measure

A conical measure is a piece of laboratory equipment which is used to store and mix liquids.

A conical measure is a conical, or in the shape of a cone. It has a wide top so that liquids can be poured in more easily and marks on the side of it to help measure the amount of liquid more easily. They can be made of plastic or glass.

A conical measure can be used in any pouring, measuring or mixing of liquids. This means that it is useful in:
They are also useful in homes as a measuring cup for cooking.

Conical measures are not very accurate, but are easy to use and to mix liquids in.


Unsuri

Abu Al Qasim Hasan ibn Ahmad Unsuri Balkhi (d. 1039/1040) () or Unsuri was a Persian poet. He was born in Balkh, in modern Afghanistan. He became the poet of Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi. Mahmud Ghaznavi called him "King of Poets". All of his poems are in Persian. His poems are collected in a Divan.

Ali Shariati

Ali Shariati Mazinani (1933-1977) (Persian: علی شريعتی مزینانی) or Shariati was an Iranian Muslim philosopher, sociologist, poet and writer.

Shariati was born in 1933 in Mazinan, Iran. He studied sociology in the University of Paris. He returned to Iran in 1964. When he returned to Iran, the Shah regime arrested and imprisoned him for political reasons. He was released in 1965. Shariati began teaching at the University of Mashhad. He began lecturing at the Hosseiniye Ershad institute in 1967. The Shah regime arrested him again. When he was freed in 1975, he was not allowed to teach or publish anything. Shariati decided to leave the country for England. Three weeks later he died in Southampton under suspicious circumstances. He was buried in Damascus, Syria.




Kisai Marvazi

Abul Hasan Abu Ishaq Kasa'i Marvazi (or Marvzi) (953 - 10th century) 
() or Kasai is a Persian poet. He was born in Marv. He was a poet in the court of Mahmud Ghaznavi. He converted to Shia Islam. He has praised Ali ibn Abi Talib many times in his poems. All of his poems are in Persian. His poems are collected in a Diwan.

Farrokhi Sistani

Abul Hasan Ali ibn Julugh Farrukhi Sistani (c. 980 - 1037 or 1038) () or Farrokhi is a Persian poet. Farrokhi was the best poet in the court of Mahmud Ghaznavi. All of his poems are in Persian. His poems are collected in a Divan.

Mu'izzi

Amir Abdollah Muhammad Mu'izzi (1048-1125) was an 11th century and 12th century poet. He was from Persia, and was the poet laureate of Sanjar. He was from the village of Nisa. He is considered one of the great masters of the Persian panegyric qasideh.

He lived in the courts of Malik Shah I and Sultan Sanjar. His "divan" of 18,000 distichs remain. Anvari says Mu'izzi copied the verses of other poets (this cannot be proven for certain). Anvari himself is known to have copied Mu'izzi's verses. Mu'izzi is said to have died by an arrow shot by the King's son in 1125 for unknown reasons. He was accidentally shot by Sanjar.

Ghazel of Mu'izzi in Tajik:

translation -



Khaqani Shirvani

Afzal ad- Din Badil Ibrahim ibn Ali Nadjar Khaqani Shirvani (1120-1190) () or Khaghani Shirvani was a Persian poet. His most famous poem is "The Arch of Madain"(). He wrote the poem book "Tohfat-ul Iraqein" (in Persian: تحفه العراقين meaning A Gift from the Two Iraqs) in his journey to Mesopotamia. The Shirvanshah ordered his officers to imprison him. Khaghani was in prison for nearly five years. In prison, he wrote the poems called Habsiyye (, meaning "The Prison Book"). After he was freed, he moved to Tabriz. Khaghani died in Tabriz.

The Seasons (Haydn)

The Seasons (German: "Die Jahreszeiten") is an oratorio by Joseph Haydn. An oratorio is a long musical work with orchestra, choir and solo singers. It usually tells a story from the Old Testament of the Bible. "The Seasons" is different. It is about the four seasons of the year. It describes nature and people's relationship to nature during the year.

"The Seasons" was the last big work that Haydn composed. He composed it in 1801. By this time he was the most famous composer in Europe. Mozart had died ten years earlier, and Beethoven was a young man who was just starting to become famous. Haydn was nearly 80 years old and his health was not good. Although he lived another eight years "The Seasons" was the last big work he wrote. Soon after he had composed it he stopped composing altogether.

Haydn had only written one big oratorio before "The Seasons". This was an oratorio called "The Creation". It had been performed in 1798 and was very popular all over Europe. The libretto (the words) had been written by Baron Gottfried van Swieten who was an Austrian nobleman who liked music. He had helped Mozart in his career and now he was helping Haydn. He wanted Haydn to write a second oratorio, so he wrote the libretto for "The Seasons". He used a long English poem with the same title by James Thomson (1700-1748). He made it much shorter and changed it so that it was suitable to be set to music, and he translated it into German. 

Haydn took two years to write the music. It was first performed in Vienna on 24 April 1801. The audience liked it, although not as much as "The Creation". One problem was that Haydn was not very happy about the libretto. He thought that oratorios should be about serious, dramatic stories from the Bible or from classical mythology, not about everyday life. Van Swieten was not very happy when Haydn criticized it, but he did not change it, and Haydn did his best to make the work interesting.

The oratorio is divided into four parts, one for each of the seasons: Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter. Each part lasts at least half an hour and consists of the usual recitatives (which tell the story), arias (songs), choruses (for the choir) and ensemble numbers (for the soloists together and often the chorus as well). There are three soloists (instead of the usual four). They represent three simple country people. There is a soprano called Hanne, a tenor called Lucas and a bass called Simon. Hanne is supposed to be Simon's daughter. There is no storyline in the normal sense: it is a series of poems and thoughts about nature during the year. 

The opening of "Spring" describes winter going away and spring awakening. There is a chorus which sounds very pastoral (like the countryside) with its 6/8 rhythm and drones (like country bagpipes). Simon then sings about the farmer sowing his seed. He is accompanied by a bassoon which sounds like a lively farmer tilling the earth. There is a gentle hymn of praise with a fugue which sounds like one from Mozart's Requiem. Hanne invites the girls and Simon invites the men to go to the fields and admire the earth, water and air. A chorus praises God.

The music describes the countryside. The farmer is called to work in the morning (the oboe wakes him up). The sun rises. Again we thank God for nature. By midday it has become very hot. Later there are insects buzzing and we hear a shepherd playing on his pipe (the oboe). Everything is very dry at first, then there is a storm. The timpani make the sound of the thunder. When the storm has finished everyone is happy. We hear the birds singing, the frog croaking and the evening bell chimes eight times. The day's work is done.

The words at first are about hard work and the rewards for hard work (Haydn thought these were strange words to set to music). Then there is a duet for a loving young couple (Lucas and Hanne). This is the only time that the soloists feel like real characters in a story and talk to one another. Autumn is the hunting season, so there is hunting music. It sounds quite old-fashioned (like Baroque music). The bassoon is the hound (the dog). The hounds become hungry and the music gets faster and faster until, suddenly, the dogs and the music stop. There is a gunshot (timpani) as the deer is shot. Autumn finishes with a drinking chorus.

At first, there is thick winter fog. Then there is a short song (short because nothing grows in winter). Then there is a story about a traveller who is lost in the snow and comes to a cottage where he finds shelter. Hanne and the chorus sing a song about a spinning wheel. Many other composers later wrote music which describes a spinning wheel turning. There is another song which tells a story about a rich nobleman who tries to make love to a country girl but she escapes by riding off on his horse so he is left with no horse and no girl. At times this music sounds quite like the music in Mozart's opera "The Magic Flute". Simon sings an aria which compares the seasons with the different stages of life (the seasons are used as a metaphor). Finally the chorus sing about the dawn of life in heaven. The oratorio and the seasons start all over again. The soloists, who have been three country people, are now three angels. There is a final hymn of praise.

Sohrab Sepehri

Sohrab Sepehri (; October 7, 1928 - April 21, 1980) was an Iranian poet and painter. He was born in Kashan, Iran. His poems are in Persian. His most famous poetry book is Hasht Ketab (Eight Books). His poems have been translated to French, English, Arabic, Italian, Swedish, Hindi and Russian. Sohrab Sepehri died in Tehran.

Shabestari

Mahmud Shabestari (1288-1340; ) is a Persian Sufi poet. He was born in the city of Tabriz. His most famous poem is called "Gulshan-i Rāz" (Persian: meaning "A Secret Rose Garden"). "Gulshan-i Rāz" is an important Sufi text.

Jami

Nur ad-Din Abd ar-Rahman Jami (, August 18, 1414–November 19, 1492), or Jami, was a Persian Sufi poet. He was born in Jam, Persia. He studied science, Arabic literature, natural sciences, Islamic philosophy and Indian literature in Herat University. He went to Samarqand and completed his studies there. Jami wrote eighty seven books, in Persian and Arabic. Some of his books have been translated to English. His poems are collected in a Divan.

Saadi

Sheikh Muslih-ud-Din Mushrif-ibn-Abdullah Saadi Shirazi (1184-1291) () or Saadi was a Persian poet. He was born in Shiraz, Iran. He went to Baghdad to study Arabic literature and Islamic sciences in Nizamiyya University of Baghdad. He travelled to Anatolia, Syria, Egypt and Iraq. His most famous poetry book is the "Bostan" (, meaning The Orchard). He also wrote the "Golestan" (, meaning The Rosery). His poems are in Persian and Arabic.

Saint-Paul, Réunion

Saint-Paul, Réunion is the second largest city in Réunion. The largest is Saint-Denis. In 2008, a train which connects Saint-Paul to Saint-Denis and the main international airport in Réunion will be completed. 


Iraj Mirza

Jalalolmamalek pesar-e Gholam-Hossein Mirza (October 1874 - 14 March 1926) () or Iraj Mirza () was an Iranian poet. He was born in Tabriz, Iran.

His most famous poems are Satan (in Persian: "Ebleess"), Mother (in Persian: "Maadar"), Woman's picture (in Persian "Tassvir-e-Zan"), Story of the Hijab (in Persian "Daastaan-e Chaador") and the story of Zohreh and Manouchehr (in Persian: "Daastaan e Zohreh o Manouchehr").

He died in Tehran on 14 March 1926. His tomb is in Shemiran, north of Tehran.

Federal

Federal could mean:

Federalism

Federalism is a political philosophy in which a group of people are bound together, with a governing head. In a federation, the authority is divided between the head (for example the national government of a country) and the political units governed by it (for example the states or provinces of the country).

Several countries in the world have a federal government; examples are United States of America, Canada, Nigeria, Australia, India, Brazil, Switzerland, Germany, and Austria. The European Union can be called a sort of federal government as well.

In the United States Constitution for example, the federal government and state governments both have power. When states and the federal government do not agree on something, the federal government can sue the state in court using the Supremacy Clause in Article VI of the Constitution. This case can go as far as the Supreme Court to decide which side is right. The federal government does not always do this. It has taken no action when several states made marijuana legal or when prostitution was made legal in parts of Nevada. It has sued over an immigration law in Arizona.

Federation

A federation is a union of a number of self-governing states or regions, which are joined together under a central government. The central government is not able to do a lot of things that central government in more centralized states can. These things are done by the states (or regions) in a federalized state.

The United States of America is a federation. The federal (central) government has the highest executive role. However, state governments can exercise any powers as long as those powers are not assigned to the federal government (by the United States Constitution) and if those powers are not prohibited by the states themselves.

Australia became a Federation in 1901.

After the 1971 civil war, Pakistan became a Federation adopted in the 1973 Constitution of Pakistan.

Other examples of federal states are Austria, Belgium (since 1993), Canada, Germany, Russia and Switzerland.

Federal republic

A federal republic is a federation of states, with a republican form of central government. It differs from a unitary state in that in a federal republic, the authorities of the state governments cannot be taken back by the central government.

A republic is a country belonging to the people, whereas a federation is a form of government where by regional divisions are not branches of the central government. Thus, a federal republic has power divisions and regional governments fall under the power domain of the national government. 

Many countries have a federal republic government; for example, the Republic of Austria, the Federal Republic of Brazil, the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Republic of India, the United Mexican States, the Swiss Confederation, the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, and the United States of America. As this list shows, some of these countries use "Federal Republic" in their name, and some do not. Federal Republics usually have presidents.

There can be more than one type of Federal republic. For example, the United States is a Constitutional Democratic Federal Republic. Ethiopia also has a Federal Republic government

The American Federal republican system has grown over the past 225 years. 

Square (disambiguation)

A square is a shape with four equal sides and four equal angles.

Square may also mean:




A town square or market square is an open area commonly found in the heart of a traditional town. Notable squares include:


Other locations called "Square" include:





Square (algebra)

In mathematics, a square of a number means the result of multiplying the number by itself. For example, the square of 6 is 6×6 = 36.

It is named this because squaring a number gives the area of a square.

Squaring a number can also be written as 6 = 36. Squaring is the same as raising to the power of 2.

Many of the units of area are squares. For example, a "square meter" means the area equal to the area of a rectangle which is one meter tall and one meter wide.


Pan (moon)

Pan is a moon of Saturn. It is the closest moon to the planet, orbiting 133,600 km above Saturn's cloud tops. It was discovered in 1990 by Mark Showalter. He discovered Pan when he was analysing the photos taken by Voyager 2. It orbits inside the Encke gap which it has made Saturn's A Ring.

Pan was named after the Greek god Pan on 16 September 1991. It is also known as .

Its mass is in the range formula_1.

Tropical Storm Franklin (2005)

Tropical Storm Franklin was a strong tropical storm that stayed in the western Atlantic Ocean for much of its life. Franklin was the sixth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season and almost became a hurricane two times.

Tropical Storm Franklin formed north of the Bahamas on July 21 and moved steadily across the western Atlantic while coming close to Bermuda on July 26. Later, Franklin became an extratropical cyclone near Newfoundland, before being absorbed by another non-tropical system. Franklin caused no damages and killed no people while it stayed in the ocean during most of its life.

A tropical wave formed west from the African coast late on July 10. The wave entered the Bahamas on July 21 and strengthened into Tropical Depression Six while 70 miles (110 km) east of Eleuthera. Initially the storm was predicted to move in a clockwise loop and slowly move to the west in response to a high pressure system. Several models showed the possibility of the storm to change westward and move into central Florida. Anyhow, soon after the depression formed, it strengthened into Tropical Storm Franklin.

Tropical Storm Franklin suffered a lot of wind shear related with the development of Tropical Storm Gert, which made the forecasters at the National Hurricane Center to say that Franklin could be destroyed in the next few days. However the shear stopped as Franklin moved to the northeast, allowing the storm to strengthen. The forecasters now said that Franklin could "attain and maintain hurricane strength" and make a close approach to Bermuda.
Shortly after on July 23, Tropical Storm Franklin reached its strongest point with 70 mph (110 km/h) winds.

Franklin moved unevenly to the east while weakening as shear increased again. The NHC predicted that the storm would dissipate, but Frnaklin stopped weakening on July 25 with Franklin a minimal tropical storm. The storm passed to 200 miles (325 km) to the west of Bermuda on July 26 and moved slowly northwards into the warmer waters of the Gulf Stream. The shear also reduced once again allowing Franklin to re-strengthen somewhat, with winds reaching 60 mph (95 km/h) on July 28. Meanwhile, Franklin began to accelerate to the northeast becoming an extratropical cyclone on July 30 to the south of Newfoundland. The extratropical storm passed close to the southern tip of Newfoundland later that day and was absorbed by a larger system on July 31.

As Tropical Storm Franklin was forming, a tropical storm warning was issued for the northwest Bahamas, but it was cancelled as Franklin moved north and away from the islands. A tropical storm watch was given out to Bermuda on July 25 but was also cancelled a day later when Franklin moved away.

Tropical Storm Franklin developed very close to land in the Bahamas and passed close to Bermuda, but there were no reports of tropical storm force winds overland, with the strongest gust recorded on Bermuda being 37 mph (60 km/h). After Franklin became an extratropical storm, it affected parts of southeastern Newfoundland, bringing about 1 inch (25 mm) of rain to the area. There were no damages or fatalities reported from Tropical Storm Franklin.

When Franklin formed on July 21, it was the became earliest tropical cyclone ever in a season that the sixth tropical storm formed, breaking the previous record held by storm 6 from 1936 by 14 days. This was the first use of Franklin to name a tropical storm after the retirement of Hurricane Floyd from 1999. Because Frank filed to cause any deaths or damages, its the name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 Season.



Atlas (moon)

Atlas is a moon of Saturn. It was discovered by Richard Terrile from photos taken by Voyager 1 in 1980. It was named after the Atlas in Greek mythology. It orbits just outside Saturn's "A ring".

Prometheus (moon)

Prometheus is a moon of Saturn. Prometheus was discovered by Stewart Collins from Voyager 1 photos in 1981. It was named after the god of the same name in Greek mythology. The moon acts as a shepherd satellite for the inner part of Saturn's "F ring".

Chris Daughtry

Christopher Adam "Chris" Daughtry (born December 26, 1979) is an American singer. He is best known for being the fourth-place finisher on "American Idol". He is also the lead singer of Daughtry. His band released their first album in 2006.


Pandora (moon)

Pandora is a moon of Saturn. The moon is named after Pandora in Greek mythology. It is the outer shepherd satellite of Saturn's "F ring", the inner satellite being Prometheus. Pandora has many craters in its surface.

Daphnis (moon)

Daphnis is a moon of Saturn. It is a tiny moon, measuring 6 to 8 km in diameter. It is discovered by the Cassini-Huygens space probe in 2005. It orbits inside the Keeler Gap in Saturn's rings.

Melinda Doolittle

Melinda Marie Doolittle (born October 6, 1977) is an American singer. She was a third-place finalist on "American Idol".


Epimetheus (moon)

Epimetheus is a moon of Saturn. Epimetheus was discovered by Richard Walker in 1966. At first, Epimetheus was thought to be same as Janus, another moon that orbits at the same distance from Saturn. It was confirmed by Voyager 1 in 1980 that they were two separate moons.

Janus (moon)

Janus is a moon of Saturn. It was discovered by Audouin Dollfus in 1966. Astronomers were first mistaken that another moon, Epimetheus, was the same as Janus. Voyager 1 confirmed in 1980 that there were two moons that share the same orbit.

Enceladus (moon)

Enceladus is a moon of Saturn. It is the sixth largest of Saturn's moons, and it has a diameter of 500 km. Enceladus is within Saturn's E ring and likely contributes material to it. The moon is made mostly out of water ice, so it reflects light very well. It reflects almost 100% of the sunlight that strikes the moon.William Herschel discovered Enceladus on August 28, 1789. In 2014, NASA reported that its Cassini spacecraft found evidence for liquid water on Enceladus. Scientists now think that there is a large underground ocean of liquid water, around 10 km thick, near Enceladus' south pole. There are also cryovolcanoes (cold volcanoes) near the south pole. These volcanoes shoot large jets of water vapor, other volatiles, and some solid particles like sodium chloride crystals and ice particles into space. Some of these substances become part of Saturn's E ring.

Tethys (moon)

Tethys (pronounced "TEE-this") is a large moon of the planet Saturn.

It was discovered by Giovanni Domenico Cassini in 1684. It was one of the first Saturnian moons discovered.

Tethys' mass is 617,551,805,221,061,000,000 kg, its density is 0.973 g/cm and its volume is 634,264,255 km.

It has a very large crater on its surface, called Odysseus. It is named after a Greek warrior king in Homer's two great works, "The Iliad" and "The Odyssey". There is also a very long valley called Ithaca Chasma. It is 100 km wide and 2000 km long.

Tethys takes 45.3 hours to orbit (go around) Saturn and orbits Saturn 294,660 km away. Tethys is tidally locked in phase with its parent planet - one side always faces toward Saturn.

Tropical Storm Jose (2005)

Tropical Storm Jose was a tropical storm that lived for a very short time from August 22 to 23. Jose was the tenth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season which made landfall in eastern Mexico.

Tropical Storm Jose formed off the coast of Mexico in the western Gulf of Mexico on August 22 and made landfall on eastern Mexico the next day while at its strongest point with 60 mph (95 km/h) winds. Jose then quickly dissipated while inland and caused heavy rain. Jose killed a total of eight people (6 directly and 2 indirectly) who were all killed by landslides and caused $45 million in damage. 

On August 17 a tropical wave, probably from the same wave from which Tropical Depression Ten had developed from earlier in the month, began to organize in the central Caribbean. Convection steadily increased as it moved to the Yucatán Peninsula. The system then weakened while overland, and by the time when it entered the southweatern Gulf of Mexico on August 21 it hardly had any convection. However early in the morning of August 22 under highly favorable upper-level conditions, convection quickly increased and the system became Tropical Depression Eleven about 110 miles (175 km) east of Veracruz, Mexico. The depression quickly strengthened as it moved to the west, becoming Tropical Storm Jose just six hours later after forming.

The global model guidance originally failed to predict the storms track well, with some models showing that it would somehow stop offshore. Jose continued to strengthen as it moved towards the coast and made landfall in the state of Veracruz early on August 23 with winds at its strongest at 60 mph (90 km/h). As Jose made its landfall an eye was beginning to form, although the storm was still short of hurricane strength. Tropical Storm Jose quickly weakened after landfall and dissipated that afternoon in the mountains of central Mexico only 24 hours after forming.

Because Tropical Storm Jose formed so close to shore, there was only a lead time of less than 9 hours on the tropical storm warning given out on September 22 for the Veracruz coastline. The area covered by the warning was also enlarged southwards as Jose intensified, before being cancelled soon after landfall on September 23. The advisories that were given out by the National Hurricane Center stated that rainfall from Jose was the probably the biggest threat.

Tropical Storm Jose was responsible for damaging crops, highways and homes; flooding many areas in several cities in the state of Veracruz and 80,000 people had to be in shelters. The government of that state estimated the damages caused by the storm to be about $45 million (2005 US dollars). An estimated 120 cities were affected by the rains, but the majority of the damage was limited to eight of them: Martínez de la Torre, Misantla, Nautla, San Rafael, Vega de la Torre, Actopan, Cardel and Úrsulo Galván. Damage to the highway infrastructure was estimated at $33 million (2005 USD).

It was also reported that the storm damaged at least 16 thousand homes and about 250 square kilometres (60 thousand acres) of land used for cattle. In addition, over 420 square kilometres (103 thousand acres) of various crops, including sugar cane, corn and bananas, were flooded. Many boats were also lost as a result of Jose. 90 active medical brigades were sent to the region to reduce the risk of infections to the affected people living in the destroyed area.

In addition, Jose was responsible for killing people six directly. One of these deaths was the result of a landslide that killed a man in Xalapa, Veracruz. The other five deaths were also due to landslides in Oaxaca.
<br><br><br>

When Tropical Storm Jose formed on August 22, it was the earliest date for the formation of the tenth tropical storm in an Atlantic hurricane season, breaking the previous record held by Tropical Storm Jerry from 1995 by 1 day. This was also the third time the name "Jose" had been used to name a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic. As Tropical Storm Jose create any major damages, its name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season.



Thread

Thread could mean:

Hurricane Cindy (2005)

Hurricane Cindy was a tropical cyclone that reached minimal hurricane strength for a very short time in the Gulf of Mexico during July and made landfall in Louisiana. It was the third named storm and first hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Cindy was originally thought to have been a strong tropical storm at its strongest strength, but was upgraded to a Category 1 hurricane in the post-storm analysis.

Hurricane Cindy formed on July 3 just east of the Yucatán Peninsula in the Caribbean Sea. The depression soon made landfall on the peninsula and weakened before entering in the Gulf of Mexico on July 4. The storm restrengthened as it moved north becoming a hurricane just before making landfall on southern Louisiana on July 5. The storm weakened as it moved inland and became extratropical on July 7.

Cindy was responsible for a total of 3 deaths in the United States and`for bringing heavy rains to Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Maryland. An unusually strong F2 tornado formed from Cindy's remnants and caused a lot of damage in Hampton, Georgia. Cindy also caused flooding and a very big blackout in New Orleans, Louisiana, which encouraged the people to evacuate when Hurricane Katrina destroyed the city in the next month.

On June 24 a strong tropical wave formed off the African coast and moved quickly west across the Atlantic Ocean without any strengthening. The wave steadily became more organized as it came to the Caribbean Sea and late on July 3 it strengthened into Tropical Depression Three about 80 miles (130 km) east of Chetumal, Mexico. The models originally had difficulty predicting the future path of the depression and the forecasts from the National Hurricane Center agreed with this, predicting that the depression would maybe hit Texas. Anyhow, the depression developed quickly before making landfall on Yucatán Peninsula early on July 4 with 35 mph (55 km/h) winds. Cindy then began to lose its most of its strength and organization as it moved inland.

A new center of organization began forming later on July 4 when Cindy entered the Gulf of Mexico. This reorganization caused a notable change in the models, which now predicted a landfall in Louisiana. The depression moved north in the Gulf of Mexico and became a Tropical Storm Cindy early on July 5. Weakened shear allowed Cindy to strengthen more as it approached Louisiana and was a minimal hurricane with 75 mph (120 km/h) winds for a very short time when it made landfall near Grand Isle late on July 5. While it was thought that Cindy did not originally reach hurricane strength, but post-season re-analysis confirmed the upgrade.

Hurricane Cindy weakened back into a tropical storm as it crossed over southeastern Louisiana and Breton Sound before making a second landfall near Waveland, Mississippi with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds on July 6. Cindy moved to the northeast over Mississippi and Alabama, weakening to a tropical depression that day. The depression became extratropical over South Carolina on July 7 and moved to the northeast dissipating in the Atlantic Ocean on July 9.

About 300,000 homes and businesses in southeast Louisiana and the Mississippi coastline lost electrical power while a storm surge of 4–6 feet (1.2-1.8 meters) affected the same area, causing some beach erosion in southern Louisiana.

In New Orleans, Louisiana, wind gusts reached 70 mph (110 km/h), many trees were destroyed or uprooted and various street flooding was reported. As thousands lost electrical power, the city experienced its worst blackout since Hurricane Betsy 40 years earlier. Although at the time, Cindy was still listed as a "Tropical Storm" by the weather service, many in New Orleans thought that Cindy was a hurricane, and referred to it as "Hurricane Cindy" before it was officially upgraded.

Even though Cindy had weakened to a depression and was deep inland, Cindy's effects were still felt; some parts of Atlanta Motor Speedway and Tara Field Airport in Hampton, Georgia suffered heavy damage from an F2 tornado created by the storm. Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta had over 5 inches (130 mm) of rain on July 6, its sixth-highest one-day rainfall since 1878; most rain fell during just two hours (8 to 10 p.m. EDT). This is more rain than the area normally gets in all of July. Many other places, such as Slidell, Louisiana, Gulfport, Mississippi, Mobile, Alabama, and Salisbury, Maryland, also saw over 5 inches (125 mm) of rain.

Cindy was also reported to have caused three deaths – two in Georgia (one direct) and another in Alabama.

Many people in the New Orleans metropolitan area thought Cindy would only create minimal effects from the storm, but found themselves cleaning up the mess and were without power for days after Cindy's strike. The experience encouraged many people to evacuate when the much more powerful Hurricane Katrina was heading towards the city less than two months later.

When Tropical Storm Cindy formed on July 5, it was the seventh time that the name had been used to name a storm in the Atlantic. Because Cindy did not cause any major damages, its name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season.



Single

Single can mean the following:


Cartridge (electronics)

A cartridge means an object that adds different functions or content to an electronic device (like a video game cartridge), or that refills something the device needs (like an ink cartridge for a printer).

Video game cartridges are quite simple to use. You simply slide it into the console and it usually displays a video game that you can now play from that cartridge.

A cartridge is easy to use. For example, an ink cartridge is easier to use than a bottle of ink. This is because all the ink is inside the cartridge.

A cassette is a small cartridge. The words have similar meanings.

Hurricane Epsilon (2005)

Hurricane Epsilon was a Category 1 hurricane that lasted a long time in the central Atlantic Ocean during late November and early December. Epsilon was one of the strongest and longest living hurricanes recorded so late during the year. It was also the twenty-seventh tropical or subtropical storm and fifteenth hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.

Epsilon formed from a non-tropical low that steadily became a tropical storm on November 29. The storm became a hurricane on December 2, in a highly unfavorable climate for a regular tropical cyclone. Anyhow, Epsilon managed to stay as a hurricane for a few more days while confusing and frustrating forecasters at the National Hurricane Center before dissipating on December 8.

Tropical Storm Epsilon developed out from an extratropical storm in the central Atlantic Ocean on November 29 that had slowly gained tropical characteristics similar to Tropical Storm Delta. It was far east from Bermuda at the time and never would get close to land. Epsilon steadily strengthened into a strong tropical storm before it weakened a little bit on December 1. The official forecasts from the National Hurricane Center predicted Epsilon would weaken further in the highly unfavoritable environment before becoming an extratropical system again. Unexpectedly, Tropical Storm Epsilon strengthened again on December 2 and became a hurricane over cooler waters about 21–24 °C (70–75 °F) with continuing wind shear; which are the conditions that are highly unfavorable for a regular tropical cyclone. The official forecasts continued to predict weakening and dissipation but Epsilon did not follow the forecaster's predictions, and remained at hurricane strength for several more days. At one point on December 4 it was thought that Epsilon had weakened into a tropical storm for a short time, but later post-analysis showed that Epsilon had never weakened at all. Hurricane Epsilon then strengthened further to its peak intensity of 85 mph (135 km/h) just several hours later.

Hurricane Epsilon frustrated many forecasters back in NHC, and the because Epsilon continued to deny any weakening made NOAA hurricane forecaster Dr. Lixion Avila to say "There are no clear reasons — and I am not going to make one up — to explain the recent strengthening of Epsilon…". This means "I don't know why the storm has gained strength, and I am not going to make up a reason". The storm kept its hurricane strength for five days while most of the six-hourly forecasts during that period called for it to weaken below that hurricane strength. Dr. Avila also claimed that Epsilon had developed a structure similar to one of an annular hurricane, which somehow helped it to keep its strength even though poor conditions still existed.
On December 7, wind shear began to cause Hurricane Epsilon to weaken. The storm lost strength, and it became a tropical storm on the next day. It continued weakening into a tropical depression on December 8, and it dissipated soon after that.

Because Hurricane Epsilon stayed far out at sea and never came near land, no warnings or watches were sent out by the National Hurricane Center. No ships in the ocean reported high winds from Epsilon. Also, the storm caused no damage or deaths.

When Tropical Storm Epsilon formed on November 29, it was the first known time that the 27th tropical or subtropical storm had formed in the Atlantic Ocean during one hurricane season. Hurricane Epsilon was only the 6th ever Atlantic hurricane in December. Epsilon spent more time as a hurricane during December than any other Atlantic storm. This broke the old record held by Hurricane Lili in 1984.



EFL Cup

The EFL Cup, known for most of its history as the Football League Cup and also known in the past by several sponsored names, is a national association football competition in England, with a few clubs in Wales also playing. It is like the FA Cup, but has fewer teams, and starts and ends earlier in the season.

Unlike the FA Cup, which is open to hundreds of clubs belonging to The Football Association, which runs football in England, the EFL Cup is open only to the 92 teams in the top four divisions of English football—those playing in the top-level Premier League and the English Football League, which includes the next three lower divisions.

Note: * means "after extra time"

The Football Association

The Football Association (the FA) is the organisation that controls English football.

Formed in 1863, it is the oldest football association in the world. It is responsible for overseeing the amateur and professional game in England and the islands of Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man.

The FA is a member of FIFA and UEFA and has a seat in the International Football Association Board (IFAB), which is responsible for the Laws of the Game. The FA is also a member of the British Olympic Association, which means that they also have control over the Great Britain Olympic football team.

The FA has only a little bit of control of the Premier League and the English Football League, although all professional teams in England are members of the FA.

Some Competitions the FA runs are:




Tropical Storm Alpha (2005)

Tropical Storm Alpha was the twenty-third tropical or subtropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Alpha was the first tropical cyclone to be named with Greek alphabets after the season's list of names ran out.

Tropical Storm Alpha formed in the eastern Caribbean Sea on October 22 where it steadily moved towards Hispaniola, later making landfall on the island on October 23. Alpha then quickly weakened and dissipated over the Atlantic Ocean on the next day. Alpha caused a total of 43 deaths in the island (being the sixth deadliest storm of the season).

A tropical wave, which had formed off from the western African coast on October 15, moved to the Caribbean Seaand reached the Windward Islands on October 19. The wave slowly strengthened and organized into a tropical depression about 180 miles southwest of San Juan, Puerto Rico, on October 22. Later that day, despite wind shear from powerful Hurricane Wilma nearby, it strengthened into a tropical storm as it moved west-northwestward. On the morning of October 23, it made landfall on the Dominican Republic with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds, then moved over to Haiti.

As it crossed Hispaniola, Alpha was weakened to a tropical depression because of the island's tall mountains. A cold front pulled Alpha northward where it moved into the Atlantic Ocean and began to travel alongside Hurricane Wilma to the southwest. On the afternoon of October 24 Alpha became disorganizied into a remnant low, which also made the National Hurricane Center to stop giving out tropical cyclone reports for the system. Later, Alpha's remnant were absorbed by Hurricane Wilma.

A total of 43 people have been reported dead because of Tropical Storm Alpha, while 26 were from the direct effects of the storm.

Government officials in the Dominican Republic ordered the evacuation of at least 30,000 people living in places where flooding was possible. About 1,000 people remained in shelters. Alpha caused nine deaths in the Dominican Republic alone, including two fishermen who went missing at sea during the storm and a fourteen year old boy who was swept away by floodwaters in the town of Guaricanos.

A river in Haiti overflowed its banks and flooded a neighborhood in the Port-au-Prince suburb of Carrefour, killing seventeen people; including two were electrocuted, one drowned, and five were swept to their deaths by the water. Also, twenty-three people were reported missing, including nineteen from the town of Leogane, sixteen of whom were later confirmed dead, bringing the death toll in Haiti to 33. This is a much lower death toll than originally feared; tropical systems which affect Haiti such as Hurricane Jeanne from 2004 were usually among the deadliest as the badly-deforested Haiti, which is extremely vulnerable to landslides and lacks basically any form of tropical alert system.

At least 400 homes were damaged by the storm, including twenty-three homes that were washed away.

One unconfirmed report told that a child was swept out to sea by Tropical Depression Alpha. 

Since the 2005 season had already used up all the assigned hurricane names, the Greek alphabet was used and the storm was named Alpha once it reached tropical storm strength. The name Alpha has been used before in the Atlantic for a subtropical storm, but the 2005 season was the first time to have a "Tropical Storm" Alpha.

At the time it was thought that Alpha was the twenty-second storm of the season, and so was the storm which broke the 1933 season's record for most storms in just one season. However post-season analysis revealed that there was also an earlier subtropical storm, which made Alpha the twenty-third storm of the season. Alpha was the first tropical storm to be assigned a Greek-alphabet name after the list of hurricane names were all used up. This was just one of many records set by the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.



Büchner funnel

A büchner funnel is a piece of laboratory equipment which is used to filter or separate a liquid from a solid. It is named after an industrial chemist called Ernst Büchner.

A Büchner funnel can be made out of porcelain, glass or plastic. On the top there is a container with a hole in the bottom. This container is put on top of a Büchner flask with a hole in the top and a hole in the side. In between the container and the Büchner flask there is a piece of filter paper which lets through liquids but not any solids. Attached to the hole in the side there is a vacuum which sucks the air out of the Büchner flask. This means that when any mixture is poured into the top, the liquid is sucked through the filter paper and the solid is left stuck in the filter paper.

A Büchner flask is used in chemistry to take unwanted solids out of any liquids. The advantages of using a Büchner flask over just a piece of filter paper held over a beaker is that the solid is dried as more and more liquid is sucked off of it by the vacuum. Most of the time it needs to be dried again in an oven, but sometimes no further drying is needed.



Hurricane Alicia

Hurricane Alicia was the first named storm and first hurricane of the 1983 Atlantic hurricane season. Alicia was the season's strongest and deadliest storm. It killed a total of 21 people and caused $2.6 billion (1983 dollars) in damage. It was the most destructive Texan hurricane since Hurricane Carla in 1961.

Hurricane Alicia formed from Tropical Depression Three on August 15 in the Gulf of Mexico and slowly moved west towards Texas, where it made landfall on August 18 at its strongest point with 115 mph (185 km/h) winds. Alicia quickly weakened into a tropical depression before dissipating overland on August 21.

A mesoscale low formed off the Alabama and Mississippi coasts on August 14 with a weak frontal trough that had formed off of New England. Pressures were high in the Gulf of Mexico, but the low strengthened into Tropical Depression Three on August 15. A ship located within 60 miles of the depression reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars and the storm was upgraded to Tropical Storm Alicia late on August 15. With the high Gulf pressures, Alicia was unable to gain size, so it stayed very small, but created faster winds, and became a Category 1 hurricane on August 16. Steering currents were weak during Alicia's lifetime over water. A new frontal ridge had formed on August 17 which caused the storm to slowly move in a westerly direction. Alicia continued west until the frontal ridge had collapsed to the east.

Alicia then began to take a more northern direction on August 18 to Port Arthur, Texas. During that time, the hurricane began to gain strength at about 1 mbar an hour, peaking at 963 mbar with winds of 115 mph (185 km/h) on the morning of the 18th. Just before landfall, Alicia showed a rare "double eye" feature for a few hours. The storm made landfall in Texas as a category 3 hurricane at about 1:45 a.m. CDT on Thursday, August 18. Alicia weakened very quickly after landfall, losing tropical characteristics and began to speed up to the northwest, finally losing its identity in southeast Nebraska on August 21.

Several hurricane watches and warnings were given out. The first ones were a gale warning and a hurricane watch for the area of Corpus Christi, Texas to Grand Isle, Louisiana which was given out on August 16. On August 17, a hurricane warning was issued for Corpus Christi to Morgan City, Louisiana and later for Port Arthur, Texas. Residents did not take the warnings seriously. Galveston Mayor E. Gus Manuel, against the advice of Texas Governor Mark White, ordered the evacuation of only low-lying areas.

30% of Galveston's population evacuated the island when Hurricane Allen threatened the eastern Texas coastline in 1980; only 10% of the population living behind the seawall chose to leave when Alicia made landfall. Throughout the day, however, as increasing winds began to cause damage in Galveston, people grew more worried. The mayor finally ordered a widespread evacuation of the island after midnight on August 18, but by then the bridges to the mainland were broken.

The city of Galveston reported 7¾ inches of rain, Liberty reported 9½ inches, and Greens Bayou reported almost 10 inches of rain. Centerville reported over 8 inches with Normangee and Noxia reporting over 7 inches. Maximum rainfall in the Houston area in Harris County was about 10-11 inches. 8 inches of rain was reported in Leon County and 9 inches in the Sabine River area. High gusts were also reported throughout Texas with a maximum gust of 125 mph reported on the Coast Guard cutter Buttonwood stationed at the northeastern part of Galveston Island. Pleasure Pier reported tides of 8.67 feet with Pier 21 reported a little over 5½ feet. Baytown, Texas reported 10–12 feet tides, and 12.1 feet at Morgan City, the highest recorded by Alicia.

Twenty-three tornadoes were reported that were either related or caused by Alicia, fourteen of those were located in the Galveston and Hobby Airport area. The other nine were concentrated around Tyler to Houston, Texas, ranging around F2 on the Fujita scale. An oil spill occurred around Texas City and an ocean-going tugboat capsized 50 miles of the Sabine Pass coast. The Coast Guard Air Station Houston (AIRSTA) weathered Alicia with minimal damage, and afterwards AIRSTA's helicopters helped residents with evacuation, supply, and survey flights.

The Galveston NWS office (temporarily) lost its radar. Houston suffered billions of dollars in damage. Thousands of glass panes in downtown skyscrapers were shattered by gravel blown off rooftops. Houston Lighting and Power reported that about 750,000 homes were without electricity after Alicia hit. Many stores had to stay closed for days afterward due to risks of falling glass in the area. In Galveston, the western beach had its public beach boundary shifted back about 150 feet. An entire wall of the Flagship collapsed. About 5 feet of sand was scoured, leaving beachfront homes in a natural vegetation state. The beachfront homes after Alicia were in violation of the Texas Open Beaches Act and the Attorney General's office forebade the repair or rebuilding of those homes. The Corps of Engineers stated that if the Galveston Sea Wall was not there, that another $100 million dollars in damage could have occurred. Also, if Alicia was the size of Hurricane Carla from 1961, damage could have easily double or possibly tripled. Alicia also did damage to chemical and petrochemical plants in Houston.

Hurricane Carla in the 1961 Atlantic hurricane season hit a less populated area. Alicia hit a more populated area. Had Alicia been the size or strength of Carla, damage could have easily doubled or tripled.

Rains reached up to 5 inches in the southern-central part of Texas. Kansas only got 1-3 inches which were recorded in the eastern to central parts of the state. The southeast part of Nebraska received one inch of rain from Alicia's remnants. Michigan, Iowa, Minnesota, Louisiana and Wisconsin all received one inch of rainfall.

Hurricane Alicia brought useful rains to the southern Great Plains, which had been suffering from a drought for much of the summer of 1983. In the end, Hurricane Alicia killed 21 people and caused $2 billion in damage ($5.27 billion in 2006 dollars).

The Red Cross had to provide food and shelter to 63,000 people in the hurricane's wake, costing to about 166 million dollars. FEMA gave out $32 million (1983 USD) to Alicia's victims and local governments. $23 million of that was to go picking up trash and wrecked objects spread after Alicia. More than 16,000 people wanted help from FEMA's disaster service centers. The Small Business Administration, with 56 volunteers, interviewed over 16,000 victims, and predicted that about 7000 loan applications would be requested. The Federal Insurance Agency closed over 1318 flood insurance cases from Alicia's effects, however only 782 received payment.

On September 23 and September 24, 1983, in the wake of Alicia, two subcommittees of the U.S. House of Representatives had trials in Houston. The hearing on September 23 examined the main problems of the National Weather Service during Alicia, the effectiveness of the N.W.S in current events, and the use of the National Weather Service. The second hearing, on September 24, was to talk about the damage and recovery efforts during Alicia. Witnesses agreed that the National Weather Service did well before and during the emergency caused by Alicia. N.W.S. forecasters also gave evidence in which they said they thanked themselves that their predictions were well "on target" and that the local emergency plans worked so well, which saved many lives. Mayor Gus Manuel on Galveston said that the NWS did an excellent job during Alicia. He was also very impressed about their landfall predictions on August 17, before Alicia made landfall.

On the September 24 hearing, evidence was brought upon which showed the need to improve the readiness to cope with disasters. Mayor Manuel said that his town needed stronger building codes, which were under review.

The name Alicia was retired in the spring of 1984, becoming the 30th storm name to be retired. It will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane. It was replaced with Allison in the 1989 season. The name Allison was retired after doing major damage to the same the area in 2001.




Hanging Gardens of Babylon

The Hanging Gardens of Babylon, and the walls of Babylon (near present-day Al Hillah in Iraq) were one of the Seven Wonders of the World. They were built by Nebuchadnezzar II around 600 BC. He is said to have built the gardens to please his wife, Amytis of Media. She wanted to see the trees and plants of her homeland. The hanging gardens were destroyed in an earthquake after the 1st century BC.

Some people do not believe the Hanging Gardens were real. In ancient writings the Hanging Gardens of Babylon were first described by "Berossus", a Chaldean priest. He lived in the late 4th century B.C. Greek historians later wrote more about them.

Recent archaeological digs of the palace in Iraq have uncovered evidence of a building with vaults and a well nearby. However, the place of the palace complex is different from where Greek historians said they were, which was on the banks of the Euphrates River. Also recently, there have been digs on the banks of the Euphrates River of some large 25 meter-thick walls.


Statue of Zeus at Olympia

The Statue of Zeus at Olympia, Greece was designed by Phidias about 432 BC. Phidias built his workshop at Olympia to construct this statue and probably stayed there the rest of his life. The statue was housed in the Temple of Zeus. With the base, it stood seven times larger than life or about 12.40 meters. The face, arms, and feet were made of ivory. The robe, sandals, the beard and hair were made of gold. He wore a silver olive wreath on his head. The throne was made of gold, bronze, ebony, ivory, and gems. It was decorated with scenes from mythology. This Zeus was the kindly Zeus rather than the fierce and powerful Zeus. The Roman emperor Caligula wanted the statue sent to Rome. He planned to take the head off and replace it with an image of his own. The statue does not survive. It was probably shipped to Constantinople about 393 AD and destroyed in a fire there in 475 AD. The statue was one of the Seven Wonders of the World. 


Parachute (disambiguation)

Parachute could mean:

Tense

Tense may refer to:


Temple of Artemis

The Temple of Artemis ( or Latin: "Artemisium"), was a temple dedicated to the goddess Artemis. It was also known as the Temple of Diana (Diana was a Roman goddess). 

It was completed around 350 BC at Ephesus (in present-day Turkey). The area was under the Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire, but some of its cities were Greek. Only ruins of the temple remain. It was one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.

The Temple of Artemis was near the ancient city of Ephesus, about 50 km south from the modern port city of İzmir, in Turkey.

Most of the description of the Temple of Artemis comes from Pliny, though there are different accounts that give different sizes.

Pliny said the temple was 115 meters long and 55 meters wide. He said it was made almost completely of marble. It was about three times as big as the Parthenon by area. The Temple has 127 Ionic-styled columns. Each is 17.5 meters in height.

The Temple of Artemis had many fine artworks. Bronze sculptures by famous Greek sculptors Polyclitus, Pheidias, Cresilas, and Phradmon were in the temple. Paintings and gilded columns of gold and silver were also in it. The sculptors often competed at creating the best sculpture. Many of these sculptures were of Amazons, who are said to have founded the city of Ephesus.

Pliny said that Scopas, who also worked on the Mausoleum of Mausollos, worked carved reliefs into the temple's columns.

Athenagoras of Athens names Endoeus, a student of Daedalus, as the sculptor of the main statue of Artemis in Ephesus.

The Temple of Artemis was at a flourishing region. It was used as a religious institute. Merchants and travellers came to it from all over Asia Minor. The temple was influenced by many beliefs. It can be seen as a symbol of faith for many different peoples. The Ephesians worshiped Cybele. They joined many of their beliefs into the worship of Artemis. Artemisian Cybele became very different from the Roman goddess Diana. The cult of Artemis attracted thousands of worshipers from far-off lands. They all gathered at the site and worshipped her.



Büchner flask

A Büchner flask (also called a vacuum flask, a filter flask, a side-arm flask or a kitasato flask) is a flask made of glass.

A Büchner flask has thick walls so that a pressure change will not break it. It has a hole in the top where a Büchner funnel can be put and a small tube in the side where a vacuum can be attached. The small tube has barbs on it so that the vacuum will not weaken.

A Büchner flask can be used with a Büchner funnel for separating solids and liquids. Water is poured into the Büchner funnel and the liquid passes through filter paper and is sucked up by a vacuum attached to the side of the Büchner flask, while the solid stays behind in the Büchner funnel.

The Büchner flask can also be used as a vacuum trap in a vacuum line to ensure that no fluids are carried over from the aspirator or vacuum pump (or other vacuum source) to the evacuated apparatus, or vice versa.

It is commonly thought to be named after the Nobel Laureate, Eduard Buchner, but it is actually named after the industrial chemist Ernst Büchner.



Mausoleum at Halicarnassus

The Mausoleum at Halicarnassus, or Tomb of Mausolus, was a tomb built between 353 and 350 BC at Halicarnassus (present Bodrum, Turkey). It was built for Mausolus, a satrap in the Persian Empire, and Artemisia II of Caria, who was both his wife and his sister.

The building was designed by the Greek architects Satyros and Pythius of Priene. It was about 45 meters (135 feet) tall. Each one of the four sides was decorated with sculptural reliefs created by one of four Greek sculptors — Bryaxis, Leochares, Scopas and Timotheus. It was such an accomplishment that Antipater of Sidon said it was one of the Seven Wonders of the World. The word "mausoleum" has come to be used generically for any grand tomb.




Colossus of Rhodes

The Colossus of Rhodes was a huge statue of the Greek god, Helios built on the Greek island of Rhodes (approximate coordinates 36°27'04"N, 28°13'40"E) by Chares of Lindos (a student of Lysippos) between 294 and 282 BC.

It was one of the Seven Wonders of the World before being destroyed in an earthquake. The Colossus of Rhodes was 70 cubits tall, over 30 metres (100 feet), making it the tallest statue of the ancient world.

Chares of Lindos was commissioned to build the statue after the lifting of Demetrius I Poliorcetes' siege of Rhodes (305BC). It had a bronze core and was reinforced by iron. It stood 70 cubits (105 feet [32 metres]) high and stood beside Mandrákion harbour, perhaps shielding its eyes with one hand, as a representation in a relief suggests. It is technically impossible that the statue could have straddled the harbour entrance, and the popular belief that it did so dates only from the Middle Ages. Construction started in 294 BC and finished 12 years later.

The statue was an intelligent "advertising" of the city that erected it, a tangible proof of its wealth and technology. Unfortunately, in 222 BC, about 60 years after its unveiling, the Colossus collapsed as its knees were wrecked by an earthquake.  Falling wreckage is said to have demolished 30 homes.

Despite its terrible fall, the statue did not cease to belong to the great wonders of the ancient world. Even after a hundred years its destruction, Antipater of Sidon , a writer of Greco-Spanish origin, included the Colossus in his catalog of the seven wonders of the world. 

In 654 AD, 900 years after the collapse of the Colossus, the Saracens plundered Rhodes and sold the metallic remains of the colossus. It is said that the buyer used 900 camels to transport the fragments to Syria . Thus the image of the god who once saved the city from the foreign invasion had a fate similar to that of the siege machines of Demetrius, which when sold financed the construction of the Colossus. 




Lighthouse of Alexandria

The Lighthouse of Alexandria, or the Pharos, was a tall tower built between 285 and 247 BCE. It was built on the island of Pharos in Alexandria, Egypt to serve as a lighthouse for sailors. The top of the tower had a mirror that reflected sunlight during the day; a fire was lit at night.

The word for "lighthouse" in some languages is "pharos" or its equivalent.

Legend holds that Ptolemy I Soter would not allow Sostratus to put his name on the tower, but the architect left the following inscription on the base's walls:
. (Sostratus of Cnidus, son of Dexiphanes, to the Gods protecting those upon the sea.)
These words were hidden under a layer of plaster, on top of which was chiseled another inscription honoring Ptolemy the king as builder of the Pharos. After centuries the plaster wore away, revealing the name of Sostratus, the son of Dexiphanes.

With a height estimated at between 115 and 145 meters (384 – 469 ft), it was among the tallest man-made structures on Earth for many centuries. It was identified as one of the Seven Wonders of the World by Antipater of Sidon. It was the third tallest building after the two Great Pyramids (of Khufu and Khafra). It was destroyed by earthquakes.

Divers discovered remains of the lighthouse in fall 1994 on the floor of Alexandria's Eastern Harbour. Some of these remains were brought up and were lying at the harbour on public view at the end of 1995. An episode of the PBS television series "Nova" chronicled the discovery. Later satellite imaging has revealed further remains. It is possible to go diving and see the ruins.

Telesto (moon)

Telesto is a tiny moon of Saturn. It was discovered by a number of astronomers in 1980, based from some observations from the Earth. It was named after Telesto in Greek mythology. Telesto orbits around Saturn together with much larger moon Tethys. Thus, Telesto is also known as a Trojan moon. The moon leads at a point 60 degrees in front of Tethys in its orbit. Another small moon, Calypso, orbits with Telesto.

Calypso (moon)

Calypso is a small moon of Saturn. It was discovered by a few astronomers in 1980, based on observations from the Earth. It is named after Calypso in Greek mythology. Calypso is a Trojan moon, as it orbits together with larger moon Tethys. It orbits behind Tethys by 60 degrees in its orbit around Saturn. Telesto is another moon which shares Calypso's orbit. Calypso was named after Calypso, a nymph in Greek mythology.

Pallene (moon)

Pallene is a small moon of Saturn. It was discovered by the Cassini Imaging Science Team in 2004. It orbits between two larger moons, Mimas and Enceladus. Pallene is about 4 km in diameter.

Methone (moon)

Methone is a small moon of Saturn. It was discovered by the Cassini Imaging Science Team in 2004, the same time as a close-by moon, Pallene. It is only about 3 km in diameter.

Dione (moon)

Dione is the fourth largest moon of Saturn. It has a diameter of 1,123 km (698 miles). It was discovered in 1684 by Giovanni Domenico Cassini. It is named after the titan Dione in Greek mythology. The moon has many craters and ice cliffs. It is tidally locked with Saturn, meaning the same face of Dione always faces Saturn.

Helene (moon)

Helene is a moon of Saturn. It shares its orbit with larger moon Dione. It leads in front of Dione in its orbit around Saturn by 60 degrees. It was discovered in 1980 by a couple of astronomers based on observations from the Earth.

Polydeuces (moon)

Polydeuces is a small moon of Saturn. Its diameter is only 3.5 km. It shares its orbit with larger moon Dione. It was discovered by the Cassini Imaging Science Team in 2004.

Boyfriend

A boyfriend is a term which usually means the male partner in a romantic non-marital relationship. Partners in a non-marital relationship are sometimes called "significant others". Using the word "boyfriend" to mean "a male partner or lover" was first done in 1906. It became popular in the 1920s, when people started to go out on dates rather than have romantic meetings at home.
It is less common to use the term "boyfriend" to mean a male friend in a platonic relationship.
Boyfriend can also mean a man or boy that somebody has a romantic or sexual relationship with. 

Aspirator

An aspirator is a device that makes vacuum, because of the Venturi effect. In the aspirator, fluid flows through it. The tube gets more thin, making the fluid flow faster, and making the pressure smaller. Then, vacuum is taken from it. The aspirator is also known as an ejector or a filter pump.

The most common type of aspirator is the water aspirator. It is used in laboratories for chemistry and biology. The aspirator has a fitted tee, which is attached to a faucet. It has a hose barb on one side. The flow of water passes through the straight part of the tee, which restricts the water flow at the intersection with the hose barb. The vacuum hose should be connected to this barb.

The strength of the produced vacuum is limited by the vapour pressure of the flowing water. However, the strength of the vacuum is not limited if a gas is used as the working force.

Venturi effect

The Venturi effect is a case where fluid flows through a tube that is narrow. The velocity of the fluid increases as it flows through the narrower tube while the pressure decreases, due to conservation of energy. The effect is an example of Bernoulli's principle.

With the B.E. a simple flow of either A. Fluids, or B. Air, will cause pressure. Within an amount of time, this will cause a decrease in pressure and have the potential of creating energy.

Santa Fe, Argentina

Santa Fe is the capital city of the province of Santa Fe in Argentina. As of 2001, about 369,000 people lived there.

Geography of Argentina

Argentina is almost 3,700 km long from north to south, and 1,400 km from east to west (maximum values). It can be divided into three parts: the Pampas in the central part of the country, Patagonia in the southern part down to Tierra del Fuego; and the Andes mountain range along the western border with Chile, with the highest point located in the province of Mendoza. Cerro Aconcagua, at 6,960 metres (22,834 ft), is the Americas' highest mountain.

The most important rivers include the River Plate, Paraguay, Bermejo, Colorado, Uruguay and the largest river, the Paraná.

List of retired Atlantic hurricane names

This article is about a list of retired Atlantic hurricane names. Atlantic hurricane names only get retired if and when they are notable enough by causing a lot of damage or killing many people. They can also be retired if and when the government or country requests the name to be retired, by the World Meteorological Organization.

Below is a list of Atlantic hurricane names retired.

1950s: Carol, Edna, Hazel, Connie, Diane, Ione, Janet, Audrey, Gracie
1960s: Donna, Carla, Hattie, Flora, Cleo, Dora, Hilda, Betsy, Inez, Beulah, Camille
1970s: Celia, Agnes, Carmen, Fifi, Eloise, Anita, David, Frederic
1980s: Allen, Alicia, Elena, Gloria, Gilbert, Joan, Hugo
1990s: Diana, Klaus, Bob, Andrew, Luis, Marilyn, Opal, Roxanne, Cesar, Fran, Hortense, Georges, Mitch, Floyd, Lenny
2000s: Keith, Allison, Iris, Michelle, Isidore, Lili, Fabian, Isabel, Juan, Charley, Frances, Ivan, Jeanne, Dennis, Katrina, Rita, Stan, Wilma, Dean, Felix, Noel, Gustav, Ike, Paloma 
2010s: Igor, Tomas, Irene, Sandy, Ingrid, Erika, Joaquin, Matthew, Otto, Harvey, Irma, Maria, Nate, Florence, Michael
----2020s: Laura, Eta, Iota, Ida, Fiona, Ian


Asturian language

The Asturian language is the native language of Asturias. Between 200,000 and 600,000 people speak it in Asturias. This language is very similar to Leonese Language, spoken in other territories that once made up the Kingdom of León (León, Western Zamora, Salamanca and Northwestern Cáceres where is called extremaduran), and to Mirandes Language, spoken in Miranda do Douro in Portugal. In Asturias, primary and secondary students can choose to study it.

Classical mythology

Classical or Greco-Roman mythology usually means the mythology, and the related polytheistic rituals and practices, of Classical Antiquity. 

Roman religion joined with Greek religion over time. This began in the eighth century BC when Greeks colonized Magna Graecia in southern Italy. The two traditions had joined to the point of being almost the same by the first century BC. See


Jun Kazama

Jun Kazama is a video game fictional character made for the "Tekken" series.

Jun Kazama enters the tournament in order to save Kazuya Mishima and stop his crimes. However, she became pregnant by him and had a son, Jin Kazama. 

She also appears in the Tekken movie (2009) where she was portrayed by Tamlyn Tomita.

Jun is an officer of the WWWC, a wildlife protection organization. She is called "The Chosen One" by her family. She is psychic and feels a weird power in Kazuya Mishima, which is the Devil Gene turning him into a devil version of himself. At the WWWC's orders, she goes out to put Kazuya into jail, who kills peaceful animals. 

When the King of Iron Fist Tournament 2 was about to end, Jun feels an even more powerful Devil Gene inside Kazuya.

During the King of Iron Fist Tournament 2, Jun became pregnant by Kazuya. Devil (the devil version of Kazuya/the Devil Gene inside Kazuya) goes into Jin (Jun's unborn baby). One night, Jun gets attacked by Ogre and now is either missing or possibly dead.

Jun is a playable character in "Tekken Tag Tournament".

Tekken Tag Tournament has nothing to do with the Tekken storyline.

In "Tekken 4", her figure appeared in the ending of Jin to prevent him from killing his grandfather, Heihachi. Whether it was her soul or Jin's vision is still questionable, since her status is labeled as missing.

In the optional "Devil Within" minigame, Jin finds clues that lead him to believe that Jun is alive, but it turns out to be Ogre, the alien opponent that is responsible for Jun's disappearance.


Allen Klein

Allen Klein (December 18, 1931 - July 4, 2009) was an American businessman. He studied to become an accountant, and made his living as the business manager of many celebrities, musicians in particular.

Klein was born in Newark, New Jersey and was of Hungarian Jewish descent. He married a woman named Betty, after he graduated from college. He first became well known when he helped a singer, Bobby Darin, to recover money owed to him by his record label. Darin received a $100,000 check for unpaid royalties, and split it with Klein. Klein was called the "Robin Hood" of popular music, liked by artists but hated by the companies they worked for.

Klein bought a struggling record label, Cameo-Parkway, and tried to make it more profitable. When he got into legal trouble for "talking up" the value of shares in the company, he changed his plans. He merged Cameo-Parkway with his own accounting firm, creating a company called ABKCO (for Allen and Betty Klein and Company).

Among Klein's clients were pop singers Connie Francis, Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gormé, R&B singer Sam Cooke, folk musician Donovan, record producer Phil Spector, and rock bands Herman's Hermits, The Animals, The Rolling Stones and The Beatles. While he helped his clients with money matters, and to make new contracts that paid them better, not all his business choices were the best for his clients. Klein ended up owning much of the music of the Rolling Stones, the Animals and other artists, which cut into their long-term earnings. The artists also sometimes lost the goodwill of the businesses they dealt with, because of Klein's work for them.

Klein played a role in the breakup of the Beatles. He impressed John Lennon enough to sign up with him overnight, and Lennon persuaded George Harrison and Ringo Starr to go along. Paul McCartney, though, decided to let his wife Linda's father Lee Eastman become his manager. Eastman and Klein did not get along, and Eastman treated Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono poorly. Disagreements on what the Beatles should be doing with their company Apple Corps, and their own business interests, helped to tear the band apart.

After the Beatles broke up, Lennon, Harrison and Starr liked the things Klein did for them less and less, and eventually split with him, giving Klein a final payment of about £3.5 million for his services. Later, Klein got into tax trouble, and served a two-month jail sentence for income tax evasion.

Klein continued his career, and ABKCO continued to issue records from the old Cameo-Parkway label, and the artists Klein had managed. Nearly all the records were taken off the market for many years, making classic songs like "96 Tears" (by ? and the Mysterians), "So Much In Love" by the Tymes, and "Bristol Stomp" by the Dovells impossible to buy.

Klein's son Jody became the controller of ABKCO, when Klein's health became poor. In 2005, ABKCO finally began to issue digitally remastered compact discs of the music owned by the company. Klein died in Manhattan of complications from Alzheimer's disease in July 2009.

Mark David Chapman

Mark David Chapman (born May 10, 1955 in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American prisoner. He is known for murdering British musician John Lennon.

Chapman grew up in Georgia, and was a fan of British band the Beatles when they first became famous. He learned to play guitar and wanted to become a musician. He later became a fundamentalist Christian, and his values changed. He came to believe the Beatles were a bad influence on people, John Lennon in particular, because of Lennon's views on God and religion. When Lennon released his song "Imagine" in 1971, many fundamentalists disliked it. Chapman parodied the song, singing it as "Imagine John Lennon dead."

As years went by, Chapman had little success and much trouble in his personal life. His hopes to become a missionary were dashed when a civil war started in the country where he went on a mission. He returned to the United States, and later moved to Hawaii. In 1979, he married a Japanese-American woman, as Lennon had done, but Chapman's marriage was unhappy. Chapman worked a low-paying job, as a security guard.

In 1980, after years of retirement, Lennon made a new album, "Double Fantasy", with his wife Yoko Ono. Chapman learned from a book where Lennon lived in New York City, and that it was not hard to find him around town. Chapman flew to New York a few times that fall, thinking about what he wanted to do. He thought about committing suicide, before deciding finally to kill Lennon. He felt that doing this would somehow lessen the problems in his own life.

On December 8, 1980, Chapman again visited New York, meeting Lennon and Ono as they left home to go to a recording session. Lennon signed a copy of "Double Fantasy" for Chapman, and a photographer took a picture of the two men together. Chapman waited around until they returned. As Lennon entered their apartment building, Chapman drew a pistol, called out to Lennon, then shot him several times. Lennon collapsed and he was dead on arrival on the way to the hospital from a massive loss of blood.

Chapman did not try to get away, and was reading a book, "The Catcher in the Rye", when police came to the scene. They arrested Chapman, who later pled guilty to Lennon's murder, telling the court God had told him to do so. He was sentenced to twenty-five years to life in prison in 1981. He later wrote to Yoko Ono, trying to apologize to her and explain his actions, but she did not answer. In 1985, actor Mark Lindsay Chapman lost the chance to portray Lennon in a movie about his life with Ono, because his name was similar to that of Lennon's killer.

When Chapman became eligible for parole, he applied but was turned down. Ono gave a statement to the court, telling them that Lennon's death still hurt her and their son Sean Lennon every day, and they still felt his loss. She reminded them of how Chapman's act was only one among many celebrity stalkings and murders, and that paroling Chapman might give others the idea that what he did was acceptable. The court heard her words, and Chapman continues to be refused parole.

Lennon's murder was echoed in December 1999 when a young man, Michael Abram, broke into the home of another former Beatle, George Harrison, carrying a knife. He wanted to kill Harrison for many of the same reasons Chapman killed Lennon. Harrison and his wife Olivia fought back, however, with Olivia striking Abram with a lamp, and the pair holding him down until police arrived. Harrison was stabbed by Abram, but he recovered. Abram was sent to a mental hospital.

It is believed that Chapman will never leave prison in his lifetime, because of the impact of his crime and the many death threats he has received over the years from other inmates and Beatles' fans. His name has been used in arguments promoting gun control, claiming that he would not have killed Lennon if he could not get a gun. (It is counterargued, however, that his plan was not simply to "shoot" Lennon, but to "kill" him; if he could not have used a gun, he would likely have tried another way. Abrams's later attack on Harrison supports this argument.)

Many fans of Lennon have threatened to kill Chapman if he was ever released from prison. In 2000, Chapman said that Lennon would have wanted him to be free, saying "I think he would be liberal, I think he would care."

Diana, Princess of Wales

Diana, Princess of Wales (born Diana Frances Spencer; 1 July 1961 – 31 August 1997) was a member of the British Royal family. She was the first wife of King Charles III (then Prince of Wales) and mother of Prince William and Prince Harry. Her activism and glamour made her an international icon, and earned her enduring popularity.

Diana Frances Spencer was born on 1 July 1961 at Park House Hotel in Sandringham, Norfolk, England. Her father was the Earl Spencer. She left school when she was 16 years old and moved to London when she was 18 years old.

In 1981, Diana married Prince Charles at St. Paul's Cathedral. They had two sons, Prince William and Prince Harry. 

Charles and Diana separated in 1992, and divorced in 1996. Diana said Camilla Parker-Bowles was responsible for the problems with her marriage. Diana was the first Englishwoman to marry an heir to the British throne in 300 years. Charles' brothers married commoners: Andrew, Duke of York, married Sarah Ferguson in 1986, and his youngest brother, Edward, Earl of Wessex, married Sophie Rhys-Jones in 1999. 

The couple had residences at Kensington Palace and Highgrove House, near Tetbury. On 5 November 1981, Diana's pregnancy was announced. In January 1982—12 weeks into the pregnancy—Diana fell down a staircase at Sandringham, suffering some bruising, and the royal gynaecologist Sir George Pinker was summoned from London; the foetus was uninjured. Diana later confessed that she had intentionally thrown herself down the stairs because she was feeling "so inadequate". On 21 June 1982, Diana gave birth to the couple's first son, Prince William. She subsequently suffered from postpartum depression after her first pregnancy. Amidst some media criticism, she decided to take William—who was still a baby—on her first major tours of Australia and New Zealand, and the decision was popularly applauded. By her own admission, Diana had not initially intended to take William until Malcolm Fraser, the Australian prime minister, made the suggestion.

A second son, Prince Harry, was born on 15 September 1984. The Princess said she and Charles were closest during her pregnancy with Harry. She was aware their second child was a boy, but did not share the knowledge with anyone else, including Charles.

Diana gave her sons wider experiences than was usual for royal children. She rarely deferred to Charles or to the royal family, and was often intransigent when it came to the children. She chose their first given names, dismissed a royal family nanny (and engaged one of her own choosing), selected their schools and clothing, planned their outings, and took them to school herself as often as her schedule permitted. She also organised her public duties around their timetables.

Throughout her life, Diana was something of a rebel. Her work with victims of AIDS could, in some ways, be seen in this regard. She was one of the first very high profile people to be pictured touching those afflicted with AIDS, and this had a significant impact in changing people's opinions and attitudes to the disease. It was certainly a charity not following the protocol and tradition of the Royal family. As Princess Diana said:

"HIV does not make people dangerous to know. You can shake their hands and give them a hug. Heaven knows they need it."

Diana had a very personable touch. She was very at ease in meeting people from any background and even if they were ill or in hospices. The patients would react very favourably to her meetings, they warmed to her life energy and heartfelt sympathy. Part of her appeal was her sympathy and natural compassion. She could empathise with people’s suffering, having suffered much herself.

To the media, Diana often portrayed a very stoic and positive energy, but an aide suggested that at the same time these engagements often drained Diana emotionally at the end of some engagements she felt depleted.

As well as working on charities such as AIDS she lent her name to the campaign to ban landmines. Her personal support is said to have been a significant factor in encouraging Britain and then other countries to support the Ottawa Treaty which sought to introduce a ban on the use of anti-personnel landmines. When Robin Cook brought the second reading of the landmines bill to the house in 1998 he made a point of paying tribute to the contribution of Princess Diana.

Diana and her boyfriend, Dodi Al-Fayed, were killed in a car accident in Paris, France, in the early morning of 31 August 1997. She was 36 years old. Many mourners left flowers, candles, cards and personal messages for her in public places. She was buried in London on 6 September 1997. 

Concerts for Diana took place shortly after her death. The concerts involved Elton John and numerous others. Elton John released a remake of his song, "Candle in the Wind" in memory of Diana.


Diana's full title, once married, was "Her Royal Highness The Princess of Wales and Countess of Chester, Duchess of Cornwall, Duchess of Rothesay, Countess of Carrick, Baroness of Renfrew, Lady of the Isles, Princess of Scotland". Legally, she was still entitled to use her previous royal courtesy titles after her divorce as long as she remained unmarried.


Hornswoggle

Dylan Mark Postl (born May 29, 1986) is an American midget professional wrestler. He is better known by his ring name Hornswoggle. Postl is best known for his time working for the WWE. He was the last holder of the old WWE Cruiserweight Championship. Postl originally wrestled under the name of "The World's Sexiest Midget" Shortstack.

Prior to working for WWE, Postl was known for his work with NWA Wisconsin where he won its X Division Championship.

Postl signed with World Wrestling Entertainment in May 2006. He is the fourth wrestler from NWA Wisconsin to sign with WWE. The others were Daivari, Ken Kennedy and CM Punk.

Postl first played the leprechaun partner of the Irish wrestler Finlay on "SmackDown!" during the May 26 episode. After Finlay’s victory over Paul Burchill, a little man (Postl) crawled out from under the ring and jumped on Burchill. Finlay pulled him off, only to slam him back down onto Burchill again. For the next few weeks he continued to appear from under the ring after matches.

Eventually, "SmackDown!" commentator Michael Cole began calling him the Little Bastard. The name became popular and became his "official" name. Commentator JBL refused to call him "Little Bastard". JBL said, "he "might" have parents". He instead called him a leprechaun. This was confirmed on an edition of "SmackDown!" by Finlay.

Little Bastard soon became meaner. He started attacking during Finlay's matches even though it upset Finlay. Many times, Finlay either shoved Little Bastard back under the ring or was forced to tackle him before he could hit the person he was wrestling. At one point, Little Bastard attacked Finlay, biting Finlay when Finlay tried to stop him from attacking Gunner Scott.

Little Bastard was an important part of Finlay winning the United States Championship when he tossed him a shillelagh to knock out champion Lashley to win the match.

On February 23, his name was changed to Hornswoggle on WWE's website and all references to the name "Little Bastard" were removed. The name change became official on the March 2 episode of "SmackDown!". Postl attacked JBL and Michael Cole. Afterwards, Finlay told Cole that Little Bastard's name is Hornswoggle. Despite this, Cole sometimes still called Hornswoggle "Little Bastard".

On July 22, 2007 at The Great American Bash Hornswoggle won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship. The other people in the match and commentators did not know that he was a participant in the match until the pin and he was given the belt. This made him the first person with dwarfism to win a Championship in WWE history. Hornswoggle is both the lightest and the shortest wrestler to win the Cruiserweight Championship in WWE history. He is also the smallest wrestler to win any title in WWE. On the September 10 episode of "Raw", Hornswoggle was revealed to be WWE Chairman Mr. McMahon's illegitimate son. The storyline stopped on March 3, 2008 when it was confirmed Hornswoggle was Finlay's son.

Hornswoggle and Finlay was drafted to ECW on June 25, 2008 as part of the 2008 WWE Supplemental Draft. On the July 9, 2012 episode of "Raw", Hornswoggle was revealed as the anonymous Raw General Manager, who ran the brand from June 2010 to July 2011. Postl was released from WWE on May 6, 2016, ending his time there after 10 years. Afterwards, he sometimes appeared for the company: on April 27, 2018, in the Greatest Royal Rumble match (eliminating Dash Wilder, before being eliminated by Tony Nese), and on January 27, 2019, at Royal Rumble, chasing Zelina Vega during the Women's Royal Rumble match. 

Since his release, Postl wrestles on the Independent circuit. He also wrestled for Impact Wrestling as Swoggle from 2016 to 2020 and for Ring of Honor in 2019 and made a cameo appearance on the November 18, 2020 episode of "AEW Dynamite".

Postl made his video game debut as Finlay's manager in "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2009" and last appeared in "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011".


Ink cartridge

An ink cartridge is a small container that contains ink. The manufacturers of Inkjet printers use special cartidges for their printers. There may be one cartridge per color. Sometimes, there is also just one cartridge for several colors. Cartridge package could be initial it is not rely upon pipeline it is far better than this

Tezpur

Tezpur is a town in Assam, India. It is on the northern bank of the river Brahmaputra. In a census taken in 2004, about 58,240 people lived there.

Moreover the Bharali River is an anglers delight as angling / water rafting are allowed during winter seasons. Chariduar also host a number of Tourist Lodge amidst of tea garden.
ECO camps are also present in Bhalukpung / Nameri.

Tezpur has a central university (Tezpur University), apart from numerous colleges and schools.It has now received the tag "UNIVERSITY AT PAR EXELLENCE" from UGC (university grants commission). Tezpur also has many school, colleges of very high repute. Darrang college, Tezpur College are the leading colleges.
The Assam Valley School, around 15 km from Tezpur, is a very high standard residential school established by Williamson Magor Group. The school was ranked as the 7th best boarding-school in the country in a survey by an independent magazine. Further, it earned national laurel out of the board performance of its once Head Boy, Gaurav Agarwal, who topped the country in the ISC board in 2008-2009 with 98 percent. Gaurav had, in his class X board exams, secured the first rank in northeast India. In general too the school posts high standards in academics.
Other schools viz. Don Bosco High School,Sacred Heart High School, St. Joseph's Convent High School, Govt Boys Higher Secondary School, Govt Girls Higher Secondary School, Bengali Boys' H S School, Bengali Girls' High School, Guru Nanak Model School, Tezpur Academy, Children's Paradise School and Carmel Residential School are the leading institutes offering good education in the town of Tezpur. By the side of the National Highway[NH-37] at Nikamul,Tezpur, Don Bosco High School has been doing exceptionally good in the educational sector producing exceptional results in the High School Leaving Certificate(H.S.L.C) conducted by the Board Of Secondary Education Assam(SEBA).


D.Gray-man

D.Gray-man (ディー・グレイマン "Dī Gureiman") is a manga series by Katsura Hoshino. It is a Gothic-fiction manga first serialized in 2004 in "Weekly Shōnen Jump". It is an ongoing series and is currently up to 126 chapters. There is also a novel series called "Reverse" that tells the characters' backgrounds. As of May 1, 2007, VIZ Media has released the first five volumes in the United States. An anime version began airing on October 3, 2006 in Japan, but has yet to be seen in North America.

Many characters and their designs were from some of Katsura Hoshino's previous works and drafts, such as "Zone", "Book-man", and "Continue", and her assistants. Earlier titles considered for the manga were "Dolls", "Chronoa", and "Zone".


Kyoto Station

Kyoto Station (京都駅, "Kyōto-eki") is the most important transportation centers in Kyoto, Japan. It has Japan's second-largest train station building (after Nagoya Station). It is also one of the country's largest buildings, with a shopping mall, hotel, movie theater, Isetan department store, and several local government facilities under one 15-story roof. It also housed the Kyoto City Air Terminal until August 31, 2002.


Stefan Kießling

Stefan Kießling (born 25 January 1984) is a German football player. He plays for Bayer Leverkusen and Germany national team.

170||44
170||44

!Total||3||0

Sand filter

A sand filter is a layer of sand which is used to clean water of bacteria and other microorganisms. It is a type of filter.

A layer of sand or gravel is used when sewage goes through sewage treatment. Before sewage comes to the bacteria bed, it should already have gone thru part of the sewage treatment. At the bacteria bed, sewage gets exposed to (or has contact with) air, while microorganisms make some change to that sewage. The oxygen in the water kills the microbes, which are anaerobic.

The name "bacteria bed" is sometimes used about this type of filter.

Filter

A filter is a device used to remove unwanted parts from something. For example, removing solid particles from a liquid. Filter can also mean the act of filtering: it can be used as a verb. The different branches of science and technology often mean a particular kind of device when "filter" is mentioned.

The simplest filter is the kind called filter paper. Liquids can pass through the paper. Solid particles are stopped.

More advanced filters are possible. Two that are often used to make water more pure are activated carbon and zeolites.

Filters are used to remove unwanted items and/or impurities in the substance you are filtering.

The most usual thing meant by filter in electrical science is a wave filter. One common kind lets through some frequencies and stops all others. This is a band pass filter. For instance, in a radio it can select the radio station the listener wants to hear. The frequency of that station is passed, but all others are rejected.

There are many other uses, including use in telephones and audio, see: audio crossover.

There are digital filters which can be used to filter things besides frequencies. A common use is to improve the quality of pictures. For instance, there are filters which can make the edges of objects look more clear.

Optical filters act on light. They change it certain ways. This can be used for photographic filters.

Filters can be made from mechanical components. They will do very similar things to electric filters. Most especially, mechanical filters can be wave filters. That is, they can block some frequencies and pass others. Because of this, electric filters are sometimes made by first making a mechanical filter. The electric wave is turned into a mechanical movement, then passed through the filter, then turned back in to an electric wave. This kind of filter is often made from quartz crystals.

A device which changes electrical signals into mechanical signals is called a transducer. A device which changes mechanical signals into electrical signals is also a transducer, but one of a different kind.

An internet filter removes certain kinds of information. For example, certain words can be blocked.

Guwahati

Guwahati is the largest city in northeast India.

The capital complex of the Legislative Assembly of Assam is in Guwahati. The first bridge across the Brahmaputra river is at the northwest border of the city. Guwahati is the gateway to the rest of the Seven States of Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura. The largest religion in Guwahati is Hindu at 84.74% followed by Muslim at 12.45% in 2023 year by Census 2023 official survey data. According to census 2021 Muslim population is 40% in Assam but only 12.45% in Guwahati.


Henry Clay

Henry Clay, Sr. (April 12, 1777 – June 29, 1852) was an American politician from Kentucky. He served in the House of Representatives (as Speaker), in the Senate, and was Secretary of State. He ran for President several times but never won. He wanted the United States to fight the British during the War of 1812. After years in the Democratic-Republican Party he started the Whig Party to oppose Andrew Jackson.

He helped pass the famous compromises over slavery leading up the Civil War, including the Missouri Compromise and the Compromise of 1850. He is considered to be one of the greatest Senators in United States history.

Henry Clay was born on April 12, 1777, at the Clay farmhouse in Hanover County, Virginia, in a story-and-a-half frame house. It was an above-average home for a common Virginia planter of that time. At the time of his death, Clay's father owned more than 22 slaves, making him part of the planter class in Virginia (those men who owned 20 or more slaves). He also ate copious amounts of cabbage to survive the cold winter months.

Henry was the seventh of nine children of the Reverend John Clay and Elizabeth Hudson Clay. His father, a Baptist minister nicknamed "Sir John," died four years after his birth in 1781. The father left Henry and his brothers two slaves each, and his wife 18 slaves and of land. Henry Clay was a second cousin of Cassius Marcellus Clay, who became an abolitionist in Kentucky.

The widow Elizabeth Clay married Capt. Henry Watkins, who was a loving stepfather. Henry Watkins then moved the family to Richmond, Virginia. Elizabeth had seven more children with Watkins, having sixteen.

His stepfather secured Clay employment in the office of the Virginia Court of Chancery, where he showed a skill for law. There he became friends with George Wythe. Wythe chose Clay as his secretary. After Clay was employed as Wythe's faculty for four years, the chancellor took an active interest in Clay's future; he arranged a position for him with the Virginia attorney general, Robert Brooke. Clay received no formal legal education but, as was customary at the time, "read the law" by working and studying with Wythe, Chancellor of the Commonwealth of Virginia (also a mentor to Thomas Jefferson and John Marshall, among others) and Brooke. Clay was admitted to practice law in 1797.

After starting his law career, on April 11, 1799, Clay married Lucretia Hart at the Hart home in Lexington, Kentucky. She was a sister to Captain Nathaniel G. S. Hart, who died in the Massacre of the River Raisin in the War of 1812.

Clay and his wife had eleven children (six daughters and five sons): Henrietta (1800–1801), Theodore (1802–1870), Thomas (1803–1871), Susan (1805–1825), Anne (1807–1835), Lucretia (1809–1823), Henry, Jr. (1811–1847), Eliza (1813–1825), Laura (1815–1817), James Brown, (1817–1864), and John (1821–1887).

Seven of Clay's children died before him and his wife. By 1835 all six daughters had died of many conditions, two when very young, two as children, the other two as young women: from whooping cough, yellow fever, and complications of childbirth. Henry Clay, Jr. was killed at the Battle of Buena Vista during the Mexican-American War.

Lucretia Hart Clay died in 1864 at the age of 83. She is buried with her husband in Lexington Cemetery. Henry and Lucretia Clay were great-grandparents of the suffragette Madeline McDowell Breckinridge, a family member of John C. Breckinridge, who was Vice President of the United States during James Buchanan's presidency.

Daniel Webster

Daniel Webster (January 18, 1782 – October 24, 1852) was an important American statesman. He first became famous because of his defense of New England shipping interests. In his life, he became more and more nationalistic, and convinced many people to become nationalists too. This made Webster one of the most famous orators and powerful Whig leaders of the Second Party System. Webster did not like slavery, but he thought it was more important for the Union (the United States) to stay together than anything else.

Webster became the northern member of a group known as the "Great Triumvirate". They included his colleagues Henry Clay from the west and John C. Calhoun from the south. His "Reply to Hayne" in 1830 was generally seen as "the most eloquent (powerful, fluent, well-spoken) speech ever delivered in Congress."
Webster tried to keep the nation from civil war, and make them have a firm peace. His efforts did not succeed, but he was still respected for them. He was officially named by the U.S. Senate in 1957 as one of its five best members.

Daniel was born on January 18, 1782. His parents were Ebenezer and Abigail Webster (née Eastman) in Salisbury, New Hampshire, now part of the city of Franklin. He and his nine siblings grew up on his parents' farm. Daniel Webster's great-great-grandfather was Thomas Webster (1631–1715). Thomas Webster was born in Ormesby St. Margaret, Norfolk, England and settled in New Hampshire. As Daniel was a "sickly (unhealthy) child", his family often let him have whatever he wanted and he didn't have to work on the farm.

Daniel Webster became a lawyer and politician. He was elected to Congress as a Federalist. He supported free trade, opposed both Abolitionism and the expansion of slavery, and opposed the War of 1812 and other policies of the Democrats. When the Federalist Party declined, he joined with other former Federalists and National Democrats to form the Whig Party (United States). Always Webster supported the unity and harmony of the nation against various divisive schemes.


The Catcher in the Rye

The Catcher in the Rye is a novel by author J. D. Salinger. It was first published in 16 July 1951.

The book is about a young man, Holden Caulfield, who travels home after being expelled from an exclusive preparatory school. Instead of going directly home, Caulfield takes a wandering trip, thinking about what he wants to tell his family, and how best to deal with being kicked out of school. Caulfield narrates the story himself, to a psychoanalyst. (Hints are made as the story moves forward, that he is in a mental hospital. At the end of the book this is revealed.)

The book contains many profanities, and many people do not like the book for that reason. It was banned in many places. Other people see the profanity as Caulfield's way of showing his feelings of frustration and isolation with life. Many young people, boys in particular, relate to the story and its language, and feel that Caulfield would understand them if he knew them. For this reason, many schools require their students to read it.


Evan Lysacek

Evan Lysacek (born June 4, 1985) is an American figure skater. He grew up in Chicago, Illinois. Lysacek has trained all over the world, including in Switzerland and in Moscow. He now trains in El Segundo, California under his trainer Frank Carroll. Carroll at one time trained Michelle Kwan.

Lysacek won the United States Figure Skating Championships in 2007. He has won two bronze medals at the World Figure Skating Championships. He has also won the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships twice. Lysacek has won three silver medals at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships. That, followed immediately by his two bronze medals at the senior World Championships, meant that until 2007, he had won a medal at every World Championship he had ever entered.


Richard Childress Racing

Richard Childress Racing is a NASCAR racing team that is owned by Richard Childress. The team has operated for over 10 years and won over 100 races in the Sprint Cup Series. The team has also won 6 Sprint Cup series Championships. Notable drivers who have raced for Richard Childress Racing include Dale Earnhardt, and the current drivers are Austin Dillon and Ryan Newman.

Bobby Darin

Walden Robert Cassotto (May 14, 1936 – December 20, 1973), better known as Bobby Darin, was an American pop singer, most famous during the 1950s. His hits included "Mack the Knife", "Dream Lover", "If I Were a Carpenter", "Splish Splash", and "Beyond the Sea". He also helped Wayne Newton begin his musical career.

Allen Klein, an accountant who became an artist manager, first came to public attention when he audited Darin's royalty payments, and discovered Darin had been underpaid. His record company paid up, and Darin split the money with Klein.

Darin was married to actress Sandra Dee from 1960 to 1967. They had a son, named Dodd. Darin died late in 1973 after heart surgery.

In 2004, a movie, "Beyond the Sea", was made about Darin's life and career. Actor Kevin Spacey, a longtime Darin fan, produced and starred in the movie, with Kate Bosworth as Sandra Dee.


Sasha Cohen

Alexandra Pauline "Sasha" Cohen (born October 26, 1984) is an American figure skater. She is the 2006 U.S. National Champion, 2003 Grand Prix Final Champion, and 2006 Olympic silver medalist.


Justification (theology)

In Christian theology, justification is God's act of pardoning someone's sins, because of their belief in Christ.

The idea of justification is found in several books of both the Old Testament, and New Testament. Protestants believe justification is the line that divide the Roman Catholics from the Protestants during the Reformation Martin Luther and other reformers taught that faith alone made a person right with God, apart from doing good works. However, they taught that after they were justified by faith, good works would follow. Catholics tended to stress that the good works were part of what made a Christian acceptable to God. In recent times these two positions have come closer together. 

Jury nullification

Jury nullification is a jury on purpose ignoring evidence or refusing to apply the law as explained in the jury instructions. A jury may feel the application of the law is unfair, unjust, or immoral in some way or may want to "send a message" about some social issue.

Jury nullification is not a legal function of a jury and is not usually considered to be consistent with a jury's duty to judge a case on the facts and the law.

It is clear that juries have the power to nullify. However, it is another question on if they have the right to nullify. Once the verdict of not guilty is returned, double jeopardy applies and so the defendant cannot be tried again. If a judge learns that a juror intends to nullify the verdict, the judge has the right to remove that juror. Typically, jurors are not told by the court that they have the power to nullify. Judges fear if they told jurors they would have jury anarchy on their hands with jurors doing whatever they please. However, jury nullification can provide valuable feedback and is sometimes useful if it is used wisely.

Jury nullification goes back to the beginnings of the jury system in England as established by the Magna Carta in 1215. The practice came to the United States during the colonial period. The case thought to be the precedent for jury nullification in the US is that of John Peter Zenger in 1735. He was put on trial for seditious libel. Zenger had criticized the governor in his newspaper, "The Weekly Journal". Trying everything he could to insure a guilty verdict, the governor even had Zenger's lawyers disbarred to prevent him from having legal representation. But the jury refused to convict him, going against the judge's orders.

Along with a history of jury nullification in the US, there is also a history of discriminatory acquittals. 
An example of discriminatory acquittal is when jury nullification is used to punish female rape victims by allowing their rapists to go free. The same is true of female victims of domestic violence. The "appropriateness" of a female victim's behavior in court can a great deal to do with how a jury will act, according to studies on the subject. Another example is the 1991 case of Rodney King. King was an African-American man who was beat up by police officers on videotape. The jury acquitted the police officers of beating him up even though they watched the video in court.

Jury nullification can be a way for a jury to express their own prejudice and bias. Examples include all-white juries enforcing Jim Crow laws on black defendants while letting white defendants who committed racial crimes against blacks go free. Also, it can seem unfair to allow one defendant to go free for committing the same crime while another defendant is convicted, just because one jury decided to nullify the law. This challenges the concept of equal protection under Fourteenth Amendment.

In the 1895 Supreme Court decision "Sparf v. United States" the Court ruled that judges did not have an obligation to tell jurors about jury nullification. The decision did not say judges could not tell jurors about nullification or that jurors did not have that power. They only said judges were not required to tell jurors. This led to the now common practice of judges in the U.S. penalizing defense attorneys who try in any way to present a nullification argument.

When a jury lets guilty people go free, it is called jury nullification. When a prosecutor decides not to charge a guilty person of a crime, it is called "prosecutorial discretion". Prosecutors are legal professionals while jury members are not. However prosecutors are also politicians and may make politically motivated decisions or may be corrupt. Judges will often instruct a jury to return a verdict based on the merits of the case and not the merits of the law. But one argument is that juries have a responsibility to decide if they think the law is wrong in a particular case. 

A person who overreacts when seeing someone commit a crime may be guilty of a crime themselves. For example, if a child is killed by a drunk driver and the father then kills the drunk driver, according to law the father may be guilty of murder. The same is true if a man seeing someone sexually assaulting his wife or daughter and beats the attacker to death (in many jurisdictions). A jury is made up of people who live in a community. They can decide to let someone go free if they think is it safe to do so. 


Jason Alexander

Jason Alexander (born September 23, 1959) is an American actor. He played George Costanza in the television series "Seinfeld". He is of Jewish descent.



Khandi Alexander

Khandi Alexander (born September 4, 1957) is an American dancer, choreographer, and movie and television actress.

She played the character "Catherine Duke" on "NewsRadio" and the character "Jackie Robbins" on "ER". She is best known for the character "Alexx Woods", a coroner on the CBS drama "". She is currently appearing in the HBO series "Treme".


Kirsten Dunst

Kirsten Caroline Dunst (born April 30, 1982) is a German-American actress, famous for her roles in "", "The Virgin Suicides", "Marie Antoinette", and "Bring It On", as well as Mary Jane-Watson in the "Spider-Man" movie series. She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for being the main heroine of many films. In 2022, she was nominated for an Academy Award for her role as Rose Gordon in "The Power of the Dog".


Mary Tyler Moore

Mary Tyler Moore (December 29, 1936 – January 25, 2017) was an Academy Award-nominated American actress, activist and philanthropist.

She is famous for "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" (1970–1977), where she played the role of "Mary Richards", a single woman who worked as a news producer at WJM-TV in Minneapolis, and for her role as "Laura Petrie", wife of television comedy writer "Rob Petrie" (played by Dick Van Dyke) on "The Dick Van Dyke Show" (1961–1966).

Moore was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes when she was 33. In 2011, she had brain surgery to remove a brain tumor. In 2014 friends reported that she had heart and kidney problems and was nearly blind. In October 2015, Moore's former co-star Dick Van Dyke said on an episode of "Larry King Now" that Moore was in poor health and unable to communicate.

In January 2017, she was hospitalized from a diabetic-related condition. Her condition worsened and was placed on a respirator the previous week. She died on January 25, 2017 in Greenwich, Connecticut from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by diabetic-related pneumonia, aged 80.




Pamela Anderson

Pamela Denise Anderson (born July 1, 1967 in Ladysmith, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian-American actress, sex symbol, glamour model, producer, television personality, and author.

Anderson started her career in Labatt Beer commercials. She was then offered to pose for Playboy and appeared in five issues. Anderson was the Playmate of the Month in February 1990. Anderson was a sex symbol in the 1990s. In 1993 she joined the cast of "Baywatch". Anderson has been a contestant in two series of "Dancing with the Stars" and in the 2013 series of "Dancing on Ice".

For a time, she was known as Pamela Anderson Lee during her marriage to the drummer for Mötley Crüe, Tommy Lee. The couple had two sons. She later married Kid Rock and Rick Salomon. She is a dual citizen: Canadian and American. In 2002, she stated that she has been diagnosed with hepatitis C.

Anderson is a vegan and an animal rights' activist.




Sandra Bullock

Sandra Annette Bullock (; born July 26, 1964) is an American-German movie actress. She became famous in the 1990s, after roles in successful movies, including "Speed" and "While You Were Sleeping". After that, she became a very respected actress, especially after 2004 movie "Crash". She is the 14th richest female celebrity with a fortune of around $85 million. She filed for divorce from her husband in April 2010 after reports of unfaithfulness by him.

Sandra Annette Bullock was born in Arlington, Virginia, which is a suburb of Washington, D.C. Her parents are called John Bullock and Helga Meyer, and she has a sister called Gesine. Sandra's mother was German, and Sandra spent lots of time in Germany when she was a child. She went to Washington-Lee High School and was a cheerleader. She went to East Carolina University. She then moved to New York City to try to become an actress.

Sandra Bullock first appeared in some TV movies, such as "Hangmen" and "Bionic Showdown". She also appeared in the movies "Love Potion No. 9" and "Demolition Man", which were quite successful movies. She then appeared in "Speed" and "While You Were Sleeping", which made her famous. She then starred more successful movies like "Miss Congeniality", "Two Weeks Notice", "Crash" and "The Lake House". Recently, she starred in the movies "The Proposal" and "The Blind Side". She received an Academy Award for her role in "The Blind Side".

Sandra Bullock has been in relationships with Tate Donovan, Matthew McConaughey and Ryan Gosling. She then married Jesse James in 2005, but divorced him in 2010 after reports that he cheated on her.

Bullock has one son, a boy named Louis Bardo Bullock. She adopted him in 2010.


Miami Ink

Miami Ink is an American television show on TLC about a tattoo shop in Miami, Florida.

Edmontonia

Edmontonia was an armoured dinosaur, of the nodosaur family from the Upper Cretaceous of Canada. 
It was heavy and tank-like at about 6.6 m (22 ft) long. It had bony plates on its back and head, many sharp spikes along its back and tail and four large spikes jutting out from its shoulders on each side. To protect itself from predators, it may have crouched down on the ground to protect its defenceless underbelly.

Adaminaby

Adaminaby () is a town in southeast New South Wales, Australia on the Snowy Mountains Highway. The first town of Adaminaby was in the way of a new dam built on the Eucumbene River as part of the Snowy Mountains Scheme. In 1957 more than 100 buildings were relocated to a new site 10 kilometres away where they would not be flooded.
The name, Adaminaby is an Aboriginal word meaning a camp, or a resting place. The town first started during the gold rush to Kiandra, New South Wales|Kiandra in 1860. It was first called Seymour, but the name was changed to Adaminaby in 1886.

Tropical Storm Delta (2005)

Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm which affected the Canary Islands and Morocco as a strong extratropical storm. It was also the twenty-sixth tropical or subtropical storm of the active 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.

Tropical Storm Delta formed out from an extratropical cyclone that slowly gained tropical characteristics. It was also a subtropical storm for a very short time before becoming "Tropical Storm Delta" on November 22. Delta then moved slowly and stubbornly to the Canary Islands. It became extratropical again on November 29, just before passing north of the islands.

On November 22, a non-tropical low pressure system in the central Atlantic Ocean began to gain some tropical characteristics. Late that afternoon the low became Subtropical Storm Delta, while located over 800 miles (1300 km) west-southwest of the Azores. Originally, the National Hurricane Center thought that the storm had already gained enough tropical characteristics to be classified as a regular tropical storm, but in post-storm analysis this was changed.

The storm's circulation became more organized and Delta became a tropical storm on November 24. It strengthened further to its maximum strength of 70 mph (110 km/h) winds later that day, just below hurricane strength. The official forecast at this time predicted that Delta would strengthen further and become a minimal hurricane, but this did not happen. Anyhow, Delta kept this strength for a few days as it moved slowly and zig-zaggedly in the central Atlantic. As wind shear increased over the storm, a Delta began weakening on November 25 and by the end of the next day Delta had weakened into a very weak tropical storm. Some of the computer models showed that the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west, which a few days later became Hurricane Epsilon. This did not happen, and Tropical Storm Delta began to move to the northeast.

As Delta sped up to the northeast heading to the Canary Islands, it strengthened again, reaching a second peak of just below hurricane strength on November 27. In post-storm analysis, the National Hurricane Center said that Delta had probably reached hurricane strength for a very short time during that day; but the data was not persuading enough to upgrade the storm to hurricane status. On November 28, as Delta moved closer to the Canary Islands, Tropical Storm Delta lost much of its tropical characteristics. The extratropical storm, which maintained winds of near-hurricane strength, came close to about 105 miles (165 km) while north of the islands that night. The storm later made landfall on Morocco early on November 29 and quickly weakened overland, dissipating later that day over northwestern Algeria.

A lot of damages was reported in the Canary Islands from the effects of Delta, where it was described as a "historic" event, as hurricanes are very rare there. The islands of Tenerife and La Palma were hardest hit, with many uprooted trees and landslides reported there. The strongest gust recorded at La Palma was 152 km/h (95 mph), and at Tenerife the maximum gust was 147 km/h (90 mph). One hospital had to be evacuated and several airports were closed across the islands. In all, more than 225,000 customers lost electricity and many lost telephone service.

Also, a famous natural tourist attraction, El Dedo de Dios (or God's finger), a geological feature which had been pointing towards the sky for more than a millennium and an important landmark for the Canary Islands, was destroyed by Delta's winds and wave movement along Gran Canaria's shore. Gran Canaria it was the island that suffered more damages in its Patrimony, since besides the storm destroyed centenary windows and crosses, the cover of the Cueva Pintada in Galdar, and stopped prisoners and without light several villages of the center of the island. Delta claimed seven lives; six of them were immigrants that were on a boat which sank off the Canary Islands and 12 were reported missing. The seventh was a result of winds throwing a man off a house while it was being repaired during the storm.

The total damage caused by Tropical Storm Delta throughout the islands was estimated to be over €312 million ($364 million 2005 US dollars). Delta was also blamed for a 10-15% reduction of the islands tuna catch, as it kept the fishermen in port for several more days. Delta was described as a "normal atmospheric disturbance" in Morocco and no damage was reported there. In fact, it was welcomed as farmers needed the rain there to finish the sowing of cereal crops.

When Subtropical Storm Delta formed on November 22, it was the first and earliest time that twenty-six tropical or subtropical storms had formed in the Atlantic during one hurricane season; it also extended the 2005 season's record for the number of storms in a single season.



High and Mighty Color

High and Mighty Color (ハイ・アンド・マイティ・カラー, "Hai ando Maiti Karā") is a Japanese rock band signed to Sony Music Entertainment Japan. Their single "Ichirinno Hana" was used as an OP song for the anime show, "Bleach".




