The Invasion (professional wrestling)

The Invasion was a wrestling storyline in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) that began after the WWF bought World Championship Wrestling (WCW). It involved the WCW wrestlers "invading" WWF television to try to "take over" the WWF.

The idea of a match showing the top 2 shows of the Monday Night Wars was considered to be a "dream match" show in the eyes of many fans, because it let fans to see which show would be superior. The storyline began when Vince McMahon's son, Shane McMahon, said on "RAW" that he bought WCW. This led to many appearances of WCW wrestlers during "RAW" and "SmackDown!" after WrestleMania X-Seven.

In June 2001, the storyline got more intense as more WWF storylines ended to make room for the central Invasion storyline. WCW and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) merged to make The Alliance and challenged the WWF's control over the wrestling industry. An Inaugural Brawl took place at the WWF Invasion pay-per-view, where Stone Cold Steve Austin defected and joined the Alliance. Many inter-promotional matches occurred after the Invasion between The Alliance and the WWF, leading up to the climax of the angle at Survivor Series 2001, when Team WWF (The Rock, Chris Jericho, Big Show, The Undertaker, and Kane) defeated Team Alliance (Stone Cold Steve Austin, Kurt Angle, Rob Van Dam, Booker T, and Shane McMahon) in a Winner-Take-All match.

A very large storyline that went for 5 months from June 2001 to November 2001, the storyline has been heavily criticized.

During the Monday Night Wars, the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW), the top 2 North American wrestling shows, competed for ratings. Through developments such as the nWo and the Montreal Screwjob, fans compared the two promotions, and the Internet wrestling community was full of arguments as to which of the two was the best.

Among other things, however, mismanagement within WCW (such as allowing wrestlers themselves to book matches) eventually led WCW to a downward spiral from which it never recovered. The Monday Night Wars came to an end on March 23 2001, when the WWF bought WCW for what was considered to be a bargain price.

The final night of the Monday Night Wars occurred on March 26 2001: "RAW" primarily focused on the major storylines heading into WrestleMania X-Seven, while "Nitro" held their final episode with a "Night Of Champions". Vince McMahon opened up "Nitro" and announced a simulcast later that night to address the future of WCW. Throughout "RAW", McMahon publicly named several WCW wrestlers who would not be retained. After Sting defeated Ric Flair in WCW's final match, the simulcast began. McMahon talked about the buyout of WCW and toyed with the idea of making WCW into a huge media conglomerate, much like the WWF. He asked the crowd who he should keep under his belt by mentioning names of WCW wrestlers and asking for a reaction. Lex Luger received a negative reaction from fans, and Hulk Hogan, Buff Bagwell, Booker T, Scott Steiner, Sting, and Goldberg received positive reactions. Vince then proceeded to fire them all, however, to the cheers of the "RAW" crowd and the jeers of the "Nitro" crowd. McMahon then announced that he would sign the contract and make the purchase official at WrestleMania. Shane McMahon, however, appeared on "Nitro" and announced that he had signed the contract and purchased WCW out from under his father's nose, planting the seed for what was considered a lucrative future storyline opportunity. The Invasion did not begin immediately afterwards, as the WWF was preparing for WrestleMania X-Seven, the year's largest show, mere days away.

The WWF had effectively doubled the size of its roster through its purchase of WCW, and as a result, there was not enough screen time for everyone. The original plan was to find a time slot on TNN to continue running WCW as a separate entity. Polls were even put up on WWF.com and WCW.com to decide the name of the new show. These plans fell through when no TV station would touch WCW because of its reputation for losing money. The WWF eventually carried out a brand extension, effectively reviving WCW under its own auspices and running two separate promotions, each with one of the WWF's two existing televised shows, "RAW" and "SmackDown!".

As part of its plans, Lance Storm became the first WCW wrestler to appear on WWF programming, by running in during a match on the May 28 episode of "RAW" while a match was being held. At King of the Ring 2001 on June 24, then-WCW wrestler Booker T interfered during the Triple Threat Main Event match for the WWF Championship and almost cost Stone Cold Steve Austin the title. Also, Austin suffered fractured bones in his hand from the side slam he took from Booker into an announce table. The next night, a confrontation occurred between WCW owner Shane McMahon and WWF owner Vince McMahon. While Vince was in the ring, Booker T came from behind to deliver his trademark scissor kick to Vince. The WWF roster ran to the ring to the aid of Vince, but Booker T and Shane McMahon escaped through the crowd. This incident marked the official start of the Invasion storyline, to which "RAW" announcer Jim Ross announced, "The battle lines have been drawn!"

The WWF eventually began to recognize WCW and tested the idea of a brand extension by giving WCW the final twenty minutes of "RAW" with Scott Hudson and Arn Anderson doing announcing duties in place of Jim Ross and Paul Heyman. During a match between Buff Bagwell and Booker T for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship, WWF wrestlers Kurt Angle and WWF Champion Stone Cold Steve Austin interfered in revenge by beating Booker T up, with Bagwell joining Angle and Austin by attacking Booker T. A

On the July 9 episode on "RAW", Kane was scheduled to go into a handicapped match against Mike Awesome and Lance Storm. Chris Jericho came out and offered to be Kane's partner, thus turning it into a tag team match. Near the end of the match, Jericho applied the Walls of Jericho on Lance Storm. As the move was being applied, however, Rob Van Dam and Tommy Dreamer ran through the audience and into the ring and started to beat on Kane and Jericho. In response, WWF wrestlers consisting of The Dudley Boyz, Tazz, Justin Credible, Rhyno, and Raven ran to the ring. After a brief stand-off, the WWF group turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho. This prompted Paul Heyman to leave the announce table and enter the ring. After high-fiving the wrestlers, he announced that ECW has been brought into the Invasion. Heyman talked about how tired he was sitting beside Jim Ross and discussing WCW vs. WWF, stating that he felt that everyone had forgotten about ECW and announced, "This Invasion just got taken to the extreme."

Later during the night, Shane and Vince McMahon bumped into each other backstage. Shane told his father that ECW needed to be taken care of and pointed out that there were 10 ECW wrestlers under Heyman's belt. He suggested that he would take five of his WCW wrestlers and have them team up with five of Vince McMahon's WWF wrestler's later that night to take out ECW. Vince agreed but insisted that WCW would eventually meet its demise when all was said and done.

At the end of the night, the WCW wrestlers came into the ring, accompanied by Shane McMahon. The WWF wrestlers then came into the ring and, before ECW entered, the WCW and WWF wrestlers started to brawl. The WWF wrestlers cleared the ring but then were stormed by the ECW wrestlers and taken out. After this, WCW's men came into the ring and high-fived the ECW men. Paul Heyman and Shane McMahon then hugged and started to dismantle the WWF wrestlers. Vince McMahon, stunned, came out and asked what was going on. Shane McMahon responded that he was responsible for all the events that just transpired and announced that ECW and WCW merged to form The Alliance. He then announced that the new owner of ECW was Stephanie McMahon.

At InVasion, the Inaugural Brawl took place between Team WCW/ECW and Team WWF. The WWF consisted of Stone Cold Steve Austin, Kurt Angle, Chris Jericho, Kane, and the Undertaker, who all wrestled against the team of DDP, Booker T, Rhyno, and the Dudley Boys. Near the end of the match, all of the wrestlers were outside of the ring except Booker T and Angle. Kurt Angle applied the ankle lock on Booker T, who tapped out, but no referee was there to witness it. Stone Cold then dragged a referee into the ring, but then kicked Kurt Angle in the face, Stunned him, and placed Booker T on top of Kurt Angle and told the referee to count. Team WCW/ECW won the match due to Stone Cold's actions.

Shane McMahon, on the July 26 edition of "SmackDown!", extended an invitation to The Rock, who had not been seen since the "RAW" following WrestleMania X-Seven, to the Alliance. Also that night, Kurt Angle challenged Booker T to a WCW World Heavyweight Championship match, which Booker T accepted. The WWF gained momentum when Angle beat Booker T with an ankle lock, taking the WCW Championship away from the Alliance. Angle's title run proved to be short-lived, as Booker T won it back on the July 30 episode of "RAW".

On that same "RAW", The Rock returned for the first time since his suspension on the April 2 edition of "RAW". Shane and Vince McMahon were in the ring that night, and each tried to convince The Rock to join their respective side. Shane McMahon took the liberty of reminding The Rock of how Vince screwed him out of the WWF Championship earlier that year at WrestleMania and also in a steel cage match the day after WrestleMania. Vince McMahon replied that Shane was somewhat accurate in his accusations but ceded that it was wrong for him to back Stone Cold, as he was a rattlesnake that he should have known would eventually bite him. He promised to The Rock that he had no intention of screwing him if he returned to the WWF but also ceded that he could not promise that he never would; if it was good for business, he said, then he just might do it. He told The Rock that he was at least being honest with him and pleaded for The Rock to trust himself, stating that his future was with the fans and the WWF. The Rock, however, Rock Bottomed Vince McMahon and proceeded to shake Shane's hand, but he then proceeded to Rock Bottom him as well.

His return led to a WCW Title match between The Rock and Booker T at SummerSlam 2001, which The Rock won, marking the second time the WCW Championship belt changed sides to the WWF. At that same pay-per-view, Austin retained his WWF Championship against Angle after Angle won by disqualification.

The following "RAW" and "SmackDown!" showings featured primarily inter-promotional matches between the two companies. Austin stole Kurt Angle's medals during one of the shows, and on the August 30 edition of "SmackDown!", tied them to a cinder block and threw them in a river. The following "RAW", Debra and Stephanie bought a new truck for Stone Cold, but Angle came up from behind and nailed Austin in the back of the head with a pipe. He put a cinder block and rope in the truck, put Austin in it, and drove away on the truck. He threatened to throw Stone Cold into a river if he did not get a title shot. Austin complied and gave him a shot at the upcoming pay-per-view, Unforgiven. Angle said, however, that Austin was "still going into the water", but instead simply embarrassed Austin by throwing him into a kiddie pool.

The WWF gained even more momentum at Unforgiven, as The Rock retained the WCW Championship against Booker T, and Kurt Angle made Austin submit to the ankle lock, winning the WWF Championship from Stone Cold, putting both belts into the hands of the WWF.

There were several inter-promotional matches after Unforgiven. Furthermore, a crucial plot point formed when, on the October 8 airing of "RAW", Jericho and The Rock teamed up against Shane McMahon and Rob Van Dam. Jericho's face was drenched in blood and, with a steel chair in his hand, accidentally nailed The Rock when he was trying to hit Shane McMahon. This caused a stir backstage later on in the night when The Rock checked to make sure Jericho, who was being treated by EMTs, was in good condition but stated that Jericho made a big mistake in the match. Jericho, irritated, countered that everyone makes mistakes, including The Rock. The Rock responded that everyone should own up to their mistakes but was more concerned with Jericho's condition. As he went to leave the room, Jericho made a comment to the EMT wondering "what the hell" The Rock wanted for him. The Rock overheard this, walked back, and asked Jericho to repeat himself. Jericho did just that, and The Rock countered that his mistake actually cost them the match. Jericho countered that he maybe should have hit The Rock instead with a chair on purpose and proceeded to taunt The Rock by stating that he should knock the People's Eyebrow off of The Rock's face. The Rock provoked Jericho to do just that, and a brawl ensued.

Also that night, Stone Cold and Kurt Angle faced off for the WWF Championship, and William Regal, who sat at ringside to ensure a fair match would take place, hit Kurt Angle with the championship, thereby backstabbing the WWF and costing Angle the title.

The feud between Jericho and The Rock built up to a match at No Mercy on October 21, where Jericho beat the Rock to win the WCW Championship, and Stone Cold Steve Austin defeated Angle and Rob Van Dam to retain his WWF Championship.

On the October 29 edition of "RAW", Shane McMahon told his father, Vince McMahon, that a member of the WWF would jump ship to the Alliance that night. Later that same night, Kurt Angle backstabbed the WWF by hitting Jericho, The Rock, Undertaker, and Kane with steel chairs. On the November 1 edition of "SmackDown!", Angle, who originally led the WWF wrestlers, explained that he represented what is great about America—he was a winner, and his defection came from his decision to fight along the winning side. That side included Stone Cold, a man, Kurt Angle claimed, knew how to win.

On the November 5 airing of "RAW", Vince McMahon countered Kurt Angle's defection by stating that a member of Team Alliance would defect during a match at the upcoming Survivor Series. Stone Cold came out to confront Vince about it, and Vince stated that Stone Cold would be the one to defect. Because of this announcement, many Alliance members began to distrust Stone Cold, looking at him with suspicious eyes, to which Stone Cold denied the charges and called Vince a liar. Stone Cold went on to interrogate members of Team Alliance, questioning Booker T and sitting Rob Van Dam down in a room with a light shining on him.

All of this led to a "Winner Take All" match at Survivor Series 2001, which pitted Team WWF (The Rock, Chris Jericho, The Undertaker, Kane, and The Big Show) against Team Alliance (Steve Austin, Kurt Angle, Booker T, Rob Van Dam, and Shane McMahon). The final three men in the match were The Rock and Jericho vs. Austin. Jericho was eliminated and, to continue the feud between the two men, attacked the Rock, even though Jericho's future was on the line if The Rock lost. The Rock and Austin continued to battle it out, and the referee was knocked down in the match. Austin stunned the Rock and pinned him, but there was no referee to count it. Austin approached the downed referee to try to revive him. As this was occurring, Angle ran to the ring, picked up the WWF championship belt, and nailed Austin with it, revealing himself to be the defector to which McMahon was referring the entire time. The Rock followed this with a Rock Bottom and a pin on Austin, to which the referee woke up and counted Austin down to three. Team WWF prevailed, thus ending the storyline.

After The Alliance was disbanded, the WCW World Heavyweight Championship would be simply renamed the World Championship, and later unified with the WWF Championship to form the WWF Undisputed Championship. The Undisputed Championship was originally represented with both the original WWF and WCW title belts, as the champion would carry both belts around, until being replaced with a single belt. At the beginning of the WWE Brand Extension, the champion would appear on both RAW and SmackDown! until then champion Brock Lesnar took the title to Smackdown. Eric Bischoff would reward Triple H with the former WCW championship belt, as he was the last person to have it, renaming it the World Heavyweight Championship. The Undisputed Championship would be renamed the WWE Championship, as having two world titles contradicted the term "undisputed."

Another WCW championship, the WCW Cruiserweight Championship, was rebranded as a WWE title and replaced the WWF Light Heavyweight Championship as the WWE Cruiserweight Championship. Additionally, the WCW United States Championship was revived in 2003 as a "SmackDown!"-exclusive title, thus becoming the WWE United States Championship.

Although the WCW brand effectively died once and for all following the end of this storyline, ECW was "temporarily" revived by WWE in 2005 for the purposes of a special "reunion" show, ECW One Night Stand, held on June 12 2005. The build-up to this one-shot event featured former ECW talent putting over the virtues of the brand versus the WWE product and appearances by several former ECW wrestlers not under contract to WWE. In 2006, it was announced that WWE would be reviving ECW as its third "brand" (to complement "RAW" and "SmackDown!"). The second One Night Stand, held on June 11 2006, led to the official debut of the new ECW the following Tuesday.

Test won the Immunity Battle Royal, which granted him immunity from being fired for an entire year, beginning a storyline in which he would bully other wrestlers simply because he could. Every Alliance member who held championships were also immune from being fired, such as Christian, the Dudley Boyz, and Rob Van Dam. William Regal got his job back by being the first to join Vince McMahon's infamous Kiss My Ass Club. The remaining Alliance members (with the exception of RVD) would associate themselves with Vince, who immediately turned heel, against Austin, who immediately turned face. Kurt Angle remained a heel, despite being the one responsible for the end of the Alliance. It was during this storyline that Stone Cold Steve Austin coined the "What?" catchphrase, which fans continue to chant to this day. Ric Flair would make a return and become the kayfabe co-owner of the WWE with Vince.

The Invasion angle was a large storyline that spanned for almost half of 2001 and brought about financial success for the WWF, such as the InVasion pay-per-view being one of the highest non-major event buyrates in the history of pay-per-views. However, the Invasion storyline has come under criticism by wrestling fans and wrestling media, with the storyline being called a flop. Other media refer to the storyline as "one of the most poorly handled, ego-filled storylines in wrestling history." The Invasion storyline was awarded the 2001 Gooker Award by WrestleCrap for worst gimmick, storyline, or event in wrestling.

Throughout the storyline, many inter-promotional matches had WWF wrestlers winning over WCW/ECW wrestlers, usually cleanly. In contrast, most of the Alliance's wins were due to interference or disqualification. For example, it took Tazz assisting Raven at InVasion for Raven to beat William Regal. The Rock, however, won cleanly at SummerSlam 2001, despite Shane McMahon's helping Booker T.

One particular example of this was during the Inaugural Brawl at the InVasion pay-per-view. Besides Austin's turn in the match that was needed to secure a WCW/ECW win over the WWF, Slam! Wrestling alleged that the Alliance wrestled poorly in comparison to the WWF wrestlers:

""Portrayed as disorganized and inferior grapplers, the ECW-WCW Team had more than its fair share of mistimed moves which hurt their own team members while the "WWF squad" of course wrestled like a well-oiled machines. The weakening of the ECW-WCW dubbed superstars didn't stop there either. The WWF faction battered their enemy tag partners off the ring apron over and over again making them appear weak and more times than not, the ECW-WCW grapplers gained an advantage only by double-teaming or employing underhanded tactics. The message sent was loud and clear. The best of ECW-WCW is not good enough to hang with the WWF.""

It has been speculated that the reason for this was because Vince McMahon did not want the WWF to look weak while fighting the Alliance, as he worked very hard to put down his competition, especially WCW. Smash Wrestling alleges that WWF wrestlers needed to defect to make the Alliance appear to be a credible threat.

The Invasion storyline was presented with a backdrop of a McMahon feud. In storyline, WWF was owned by Vince McMahon, WCW was owned by Shane McMahon, and ECW was owned by Stephanie McMahon. Although the feud did not center completely around the McMahons, the family feud storyline had been done many times before. In addition to this, the Stone Cold versus Vince McMahon feud was to start again when Vince McMahon hit Austin in the back of the head with a chair at No Mercy. As stated by a Slam! Wrestling synopsis of No Mercy 2001:

"For fans who didn't catch it the fifth, tenth or twentieth time they've run the angle, "Stone Cold" Steve Austin and Vince McMahon are about to feud once again... First up was Vincent McMahon labeling Austin with a steel chair as he was waiting to put a dazed RVD away... Three minutes later, it was Shane McMahon's turn to hurl Kurt Angle out of the ring and into a steel ring post. Vince tackled Shane over the announce table and the two began pummeling one another. Back in the ring, Austin laid a "Stone Cold" Stunner on to retain the belt as a disgruntled Vince scowled. Gee, how many times have we seen that scenario play itself out before? Austin wins. Vince fumes. Fans snore. Whatever."

The storyline also allegedly centered too much on the McMahons, who were getting more airtime than the wrestlers.

It has been argued that the Invasion angle may have been more successful if Paul Heyman and Eric Bischoff were perceived as controlling ECW and WCW, respectively, instead of Stephanie and Shane McMahon.

Many fans had dreamed of a day where they could pit WWF and WCW wrestlers against each other, but the storyline's final match ended with four WWF wrestlers brawling it out. As a column in "Online World of Wrestling" stated:

""While it was good TV, it wasn't what everyone thought the WCW vs WWF would have been all about... When the fans of WWF and WCW reminisced about a WCW vs WWF match back in the glory days of Monday Night Wars of around 1997, their match would have probably gone like this: WCW would probably have a team of Hollywood Hulk Hogan, Scott Hall, Kevin Nash, Goldberg, and Ric Flair against... maybe the WWF team of Stone Cold Steve Austin, The Rock, the Undertaker, Shawn Michaels, and Mick Foley. Something like that anyway, obviously, even if Vince had done this thing right and signed some good WCW talent we would have had a match a little different due to... factors such as retirement or injuries or something, but still similar to that.""

It is important to note that some of the WCW wrestlers' absences were out of the WWF's control. Many of WCW's top wrestlers had contracts with AOL Time Warner, WCW's parent company, and were willing to sit at home rather than wrestle for less money. Ric Flair and Rey Mysterio were not signed until the end of the Invasion because they were tied to their contracts, and therefore their absence was out of the WWF's control. In addition, Scott Steiner was recovering from an injury. Others, such as Hulk Hogan, Kevin Nash, Scott Hall, and Goldberg, were not signed until well after the storyline finished. Because of this, the WWF's opponent allegedly lacked the strong identity of WCW.

To bolster the ranks of WCW (in lieu of big WCW names), some WWF wrestlers (such as Stone Cold Steve Austin) defected and joined the Alliance. Although both WWF and WCW featured talents who had worked for both companies, wrestlers such as Stone Cold had their greatest success in WWF and were seen by fans as WWF wrestlers. Kurt Angle had never wrestled a match for either WCW or ECW, but was a main player for the Alliance towards the end of the storyline. In fact, despite both being viewed as prominent WWF wrestlers, they ended up not only being main players of the Alliance, with Stone Cold being the leader that carried championship gold, but also playing a bigger role than the WCW and ECW stars during the Invasion. For example, the final two Alliance members were Stone Cold and Angle at Survivor Series 2001—Booker T and Rob Van Dam were eliminated only after Shane McMahon.

Several top WCW and ECW talent who were top superstars in their previous company such as Diamond Dallas Page, Justin Credible, Raven and Tazz were put down into low-mid card matches, while lesser-ranked WWF wrestlers who defected to the Alliance, such as Test, were given a greater push.


Caliphate

A caliphate is a state ruled by an Islamic leader known as a caliph. This is a person considered a political-religious successor to the Islamic prophet, Muhammad, and a leader of the entire Muslim community.

The Rashidun caliphs directly succeeded Muhammad as leaders of the Muslim community. They were chosen through ", "a process of community consultation that some think is an early form of Islamic democracy. During the history of Islam after the Rashidun period, many Muslim states, mostly hereditary monarchies, have claimed to be caliphates. Caliphs were not thought of as having the same prophetic power as Muhammad did.

In the Sunni branch of Islam a caliph should be elected by Muslims or their representatives. Followers of Shia Islam, however, believe a caliph should be an imam chosen by God from the "Ahl al-Bayt" (the "Family of the House", Muhammad's direct descendants).

Abu Bakr, the first successor of Muhammad, nominated Umar as his successor on his deathbed, and there was consensus in the Muslim community to his choice. Umar's successor, Uthman Ibn Affan, was elected by a council of electors (Majlis). But soon he was seen more as a "king" than as an elected leader. Uthman was killed by members of an opposition group. Then Ali took control. He was very popular with many, but he was not accepted as caliph by the governors of Egypt. Later on even some of his own guard were against him. He had two major rebellions and was assassinated after a tumultuous rule of only five years. This period is known as the Fitna, or the first Islamic civil war.

Muawiyah, a relative of Uthman, and governor "(Wali)" of Syria became one of Ali's challengers. After Ali's death he became Caliph. Under him, the caliphate became a hereditary office for the first time. He founded the Umayyad dynasty.

In areas which were previously under Persian or Byzantine rule, the Caliphs lowered taxes, provided greater local autonomy, greater religious freedom for Jews and indigenous Christians, and brought peace to peoples that were demoralized and disaffected by the casualties and heavy taxation that resulted from the years of Byzantine-Persian warfare.

Under the Umayyads the Caliphate grew rapidly. Islamic rule expanded westward across North Africa and into Hispania and eastward through Persia and then to Sindh and Punjab in modern-day Pakistan. This made it one of the largest unitary states in history and one of the few states to ever extend direct rule over three continents (Africa, Europe, and Asia). Although not ruling all of the Sahara, homage was paid to the Caliph by Saharan Africa by various nomad Berber tribes.

Because they were not elected by Shura, the Umayyad dynasty was not supported by everyone within the Muslim community. Some supported prominent early Muslims like Al-Zubayr; others felt that only members of Muhammad's clan, the Banu Hashim the descendants of Ali, should rule. There were numerous rebellions against the Umayyads, as well as splits within the Umayyad ranks (notably, the rivalry between Yaman and Qays). Eventually, supporters of the Banu Hisham and the supporters of the descendants of Ali united to bring down the Umayyads in 750. However, the "", "the Party of Ali", were again disappointed when the Abbasid dynasty took power, as the Abbasids were descended from Muhammad's uncle, `Abbas ibn `Abd al-Muttalib and not from Ali. Following this disappointment, the finally split from the majority Sunni Muslims and formed what are today the several Shiˤa denominations.

The Umayyad Caliphate became the rulers of the Islamic world. Although they maintained the Sasanians' administrative practices, the Umayyads considered Islam as primarily an Arab religion and were wary of Persian culture. They made people use the Arabic language in Persia, leading to the end of the Middle Persian or Pahlavi alphabet in favor of the new Arabic/Persian alphabet. They tried to assimilate Persians as they had "Arabized" and assimilated the Egyptians and the Assyrians, but with much less success.

During the Umayyad period Hispania was a province of the Umayyad Caliphate ruled from Damascus, Syria. Under the Abbasids "Al-Andalus" (or Hispania) split from the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad to form their own caliphate. The Caliphate of Córdoba ruled the Iberian Peninsula from the city of Córdoba, from 929 to 1031. This period was characterized by remarkable success in technology, trade and culture. Many of the masterpieces of Spain were built in this period, including the famous Great Mosque of Córdoba. The title Caliph was claimed by Abd-ar-Rahman III on January 16, 929. He had been known as the Emir of Córdoba. All the Caliphs of Córdoba were members of the Umayyad dynasty. They had held the title Emir of Córdoba and ruled over roughly the same territory since 756. The rule of the Caliphate is known as the heyday of Muslim presence in the Iberian peninsula, before it split into taifas. Spain had a significant Muslim population until 1610 when the Catholic-instigated Spanish Inquisition, expelled the Spanish Muslim (Morisco) and Jewish populations.

The Abbasids had an unbroken line of Caliphs for over three centuries, cultivating great intellectual and cultural developments in the Middle East. By 940 the power of the Caliphate under the Abbasids was less as non-Arabs, particularly the Berbers of North Western Africa, the Turkish, and later the Mamluks in Egypt in the latter half of the 13th century, gained influence. Sultans and emirs became more independent. The Caliphate endured as both a symbolic position and a unifying entity for the Islamic world. During the period of the Abassid dynasty, their claims to the caliphate were challenged. The Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah of the Fatimid dynasty, which claimed descendance from Muhammad through his daughter, claimed the title of Caliph in 909. They created a separate line of caliphs in North Africa. Initially covering Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya, the Fatimid caliphs extended their rule for the next 150 years, taking Egypt and Palestine, before the Abbassid dynasty was able to turn the tide, limiting Fatimid rule to Egypt. The Fatimid dynasty finally ended in 1171. The Umayyad dynasty, which had survived and come to rule over the Muslim provinces of Spain, reclaimed the title of Caliph in 929, lasting until it was overthrown in 1031.

1258 saw the conquest of Baghdad and the execution of Abbasid caliph al-Musta'sim by Mongol forces under Hulagu Khan. A surviving member of the Abbasid House was installed as Caliph at Cairo under the patronage of the Mamluk Sultanate three years later. The authority of this line of Caliphs was confined to ceremonial and religious matters, and later Muslim historians referred to it as a "shadow" Caliphate.

Ottoman rulers were known primarily by the title of Sultan and sometimes also used the title of Caliph. Mehmed II and his grandson Selim I used it to justify their conquest of Islamic countries. As the Ottoman Empire grew in size and strength, Ottoman rulers beginning with Selim I began to claim Caliphal authority.

Ottoman rulers used the title "Caliph" symbolically on many occasions but it was strengthened when the Ottoman Empire defeated the Mamluk Sultanate in 1517 and took control of most Arab lands. The last Abbasid Caliph at Cairo, al-Mutawakkil III, was taken into custody and was takem to Istanbul, where he reportedly surrendered the Caliphate to Selim I.

After the Ottomans lost a war with the Russian Empire they signed a peace treaty with Russia in 1774. The Sultan had to surrender large territories, including some with large Muslim populations, such as Crimea, to the Russian Empire. However, Sultan Abdul Hamid I claimed a diplomatic victory by making himself the protector of Muslims in Russia as part of the peace treaty. Russia was the protector of Christians in the Ottoman Empire. This was the first time the Ottoman caliph was acknowledged as having political significance outside of Ottoman borders by a European power. Although the Ottoman borders were shrinking, the powers of the Ottoman caliph increased.

Around 1880 Sultan Abdul Hamid II reasserted the title as a way of countering the spread of European colonialism in Muslim lands. His claim was most accepted by the Muslims of British India. By the eve of the First World War, the Ottoman state, despite its weakness in Europe, represented the largest and most powerful independent Islamic political entity. But the sultan also enjoyed some authority beyond the borders of his shrinking empire as caliph of Muslims in Egypt, India and Central Asia.

In the 1920s the Khilafat Movement, a movement to defend the Ottoman Caliphate, spread throughout the British colonial territories in Asia. It was particularly strong in British India, where it formed a rallying point for Indian Muslims and was the one of the many big anti-British Indian political movements. Its leaders included Maulana Mohammad Ali, his brother Shawkat Ali, and Abul Kalam Azad, Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari, and Hasrat Mohani. For a time it worked in alliance with Hindu communities and was supported by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi who was a member of the Central Khilafat Committee. However, the movement was weaker after the arrest or flight of its leaders, and a series of offshoots splintered off from the main organization.

On March 3, 1924, the first President of the Turkish Republic, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, as part of his reforms, constitutionally abolished the institution of the Caliphate. Its powers within Turkey were transferred to the Grand National Assembly of Turkey (parliament) of the newly formed Turkish Republic. In 2014 the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claimed the title but most Muslims did not accept it.





Amphisbaenia

Amphisbaenia are a suborder of Squamata. 

Amphisbaenians have features that link them to both lizards and snakes, but they have enough of their own features to be a separate suborder. Amphisbaenians can live both above and below the ground. 

There are four families, made up of 18 genera, and about 160 species. 


Kaffir

Kaffir may be meaning:




Karen languages

The Karen languages are tonal languages spoken by the Karen people, who live in Myanmar (Burma) and Thailand. They are part of the Tibeto-Burman group of the Sino-Tibetan language family.


Tropic

A tropic may be meaning:

In geography:


In transportation:

Kongo language

Kikongo or Kongo is the Bantu language spoken by the Bakongo and Bandundu people in the tropical forests of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo and Angola.


Latvian language

Latvian (), is the official state language of Latvia. It is also called Lettish and Lettisch. It is estimated, that there are 1.75 million native speakers in Latvia.

The Latvian alphabet has 33 letters. The letters are based on the Latin alphabet. Along with the Lithuanian language, Latvian is the only live Baltic language.


Wig

A wig is an artificial covering of hair. The word is short for periwig and appeared in the English language around 1675. Some people wear wigs to hide the fact that they are bald, which means they have very little or no scalp hair. Actors often wear wigs to disguise their appearance or get into character. In Britain and other Commonwealth nations, some public employees, such as judges and barristers, wear wigs. 

Many composers during the 18th century wore wigs.

Neelum District

The Neelum District () is one of the eight districts of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. Until recently it was part of Muzaffarabad District. It is bounded by the Gilgit (Northern Areas) to the North, with Kupwara and Baramulla Districts of Jammu and Kashmir to the South and Southeast, Muzaffarabad District to the Southwest and Mansehra District to the West. The district was badly affected by the 2005 Kashmir earthquake.

The district is administratively subdivided into two tehsils:


Many languages are spoken in the district. Hindko however, is the predominant language and is spoken mostly in the west, southwest and central regions. Shina and Kashmiri are spoken in the Northeast towards the border with Baramulla and Astore District and also in the far north on the cease-fire Line with Diamir District. Pashto is also spoken in a few villages on the Line of Conflict with Baramulla.


Backpack

A backpack (also called rucksack, knapsack, packsack, pack, Haversack, or Bergen) is a bag put on somebody's back. It usually has two straps that go over the shoulders. It is used to carry things in it, and it often has many pockets or compartments to carry things. People often use backpacks when camping, hiking, or other activity where they need to carry many things. Backpacks are also be used in the military by soldiers. When used in school they are called bookbags or school bags.

Large backpacks, used to carry loads over 10 kg (22 lbs), and smaller sports backpacks, usually offload the biggest part of their weight onto padded hip belts. This leaves the shoulder straps mainly for keeping the load in place. This makes it easier to carry heavy loads, because the hips are stronger than the shoulders. It also improves agility and balance, because the load lies closer to the center of mass of the person wearing it.

In the distant past, backpacks were used to carry hunters' larger catches. If the hunts were even larger, the hunters would butcher their prey into pieces and hand out the pieces to other hunters. The hunters would then carry smaller pieces separately. The bag would be made up of animal skin and sewn together by animal intestines. They would then be woven together tightly to make a firm material.

Some backpacks are specialized to carry a particular thing, such as fluids or a laptop computer.

Most backpacks can be closed with a buckle, a zipper, or a dry-bag type closure. 

A backpack may or may not have a pack frame. If it does not, it is frameless. If it has a frame, it may be external or internal. A pack frame supports the pack and scatters its weight across the body. Most of the weight is taken off the shoulders. This way, users are less often injured, and the upper body moves freely. 
The simplest backpack design is a bag fixed to two shoulder straps. The simplest designs consist of one main pocket. This can be combined with webbing or cordage straps. More complicated models add extra pockets, straps, and padding. Sometimes they have reflective materials for safety at night. These packs are usually cheap to make. They are not suited for heavy loads.

External frame packs were designed to carry heavy loads (>20 kg or 40 lb). This gives the wearer more support and protection and distributes weight better. Wooden pack frames were used for a long time around the world. Ötzi the Iceman may have used one in Copper Age Alpine Italy. But some archaeologists think the frame found with the body was part of a snowshoe. These packs are common in military and mountaineering. Metal packs first appeared in the mid-20th century.

The frame of an external frame pack is made from aluminum or other light material. It also has straps and a stretched netting which keeps the metal frame off the user's back. External frame packs have a fabric "sack" part which is usually smaller than the sack of internal frame packs. Nevertheless, they have exposed frame portions above and below the sack to make it easier to hold larger items. In addition, the sack can often be removed entirely. This lets the user change the arrangement of his load, or to move an unusual load. Military packs are often external frame designs because they can carry loads of different shapes, sizes and weights.

The internal frame backpack is a recent creation, invented in 1967 by Greg Lowe. An internal-frame pack has a large fabric part around an internal frame. The frame is made with strips of aluminum, titanium or plastic. A number of straps work with the frame to balance the weight and hold it in place. The internal frame lets the pack fit closely to the wearer's back, which is good when the wearer is doing something that involves upper-body movement. However, the tight fit makes it hard for the skin to breathe, so the user's back often becomes sweaty. The internal design also makes a large storage compartment. Lash points are few, and since the frame is integrated, it is hard to securely attach larger and heavier items to the outside. Internal frame packs originally had smaller load carrying ability and less comfortable fit during walking, but 21st century ones are better. In addition, because of their fit, the better internal frame models have replaced external frame backpacks for many activities.

Nylon, canvas and oxford cloth are the most common materials used in backpacks. Nylon, a type of plastic, is favored for its durability, light weight, and water resistance. The plastic can be melted down and processed into fibers that are then woven into backpacks. Oxford, a synthetic material made from nylon or polyester, is cheaper but still durable enough for everyday use. However, it may lose wear resistance over time if overloaded. Canvas is also a common material used in backpacks for its strength and durability. Made from cotton or a blend of cotton and polyester, canvas backpacks are favored by those looking for a more rugged style. While not as lightweight or water-resistant as nylon, canvas backpacks are known for their sturdiness and long-lasting durability. Ultimately, the choice of backpack material depends on the intended use.

Gilgit-Baltistan

Gilgit Baltistan (), previously known as the Northern Areas, is the northern-most autonomous territory of Pakistan. In terms of land area it is bigger than Sierra Leone but smaller than Panama.

It borders Azad Jammu and Kashmir in the south Indian-administered Kashmir in southeast and Khyber Pakhtukhwa to the west. It internationally borders Afghanistan to the north, although Tajikistan is separated by fourteen kilometres via Wakhan Corridor, the People's Republic of China to the northeast.

Gilgit-Baltistan covers an area of over 72,971 km (28,174 sq mi) and is very mountainous. It had an estimated population of 1.8 million in 2015. Its capital city is Gilgit and the largest city is Skardu. The region is home to five of the 14 eight-thousanders, including K2. Three of the world's longest glaciers outside of Earth's polar regions are found in Gilgit-Baltistan. The main tourism activities are trekking and mountaineering.

On 29 August 2009, the "Gilgit-Baltistan Empowerment and Self-Governance Order 2009", was passed by the Pakistani cabinet and later signed by the country's President. The order granted self-rule to the people of the former Northern Areas, now renamed "Gilgit-Baltistan", by creating, among other things, an elected legislative assembly. There has been criticism and opposition to this move in Pakistan, India, and Gilgit-Baltistan.

Gilgit Baltistan United Movement—while rejecting the new package—demanded that an independent and autonomous legislative assembly for Gilgit-Baltistan should be formed with the installation of local authoritative government as per the UNCIP resolutions, where the people of Gilgit-Baltistan will elect their president and the prime minister.

In early September 2009, Pakistan signed an agreement with the People's Republic of China for a mega energy project in Gilgit-Baltistan which includes the construction of a 7,000-megawatt dam at Bunji in the Astore District. This also resulted in protest from India, although Indian concerns were immediately rejected by Pakistan, which claimed that the Government of India has no locus standi in the matter.

On 29 September 2009, the Pakistani Prime Minister, while addressing a huge gathering in Gilgit-Baltistan, announced a multi-billion rupee development package aimed at the socio-economic uplifting of people in the area. Development projects will include the areas of education, health, agriculture, tourism and the basic needs of life.
The Prime Minister further went on to say:

""You are getting your identity today. It is your right and has been your demand, and today we are fulfilling it."" Gilgit–Baltistan thus gained "de facto" province-like status without constitutionally becoming part of Pakistan. The official poistion of Pakistan has rejected Gilgit–Baltistani calls for integration with Pakistan on the grounds that it would prejudice its international obligations with regard to the Kashmir dispute.

In 1982 the Pakistani President General Zia ul Haq proclaimed that the people of the Northern Areas were Pakistanis and had nothing to do with the State of Jammu and Kashmir.

An attempt in 1993 by the High Court of Azad Kashmir to annex Gilgit–Baltistan was quashed by the Supreme Court of Pakistan, after protests by the predominantly Shia population of Gilgit–Baltistan, who feared domination by the Sunni Kashmiris.

Main languages are Balti, Shina Burushaski, Wakhi and Khowar.

The Government of Gilgit Baltistan also known as the State Government of the Northern Areas, is the highest governing authority of the territory and its 10 districts. It consists of an executive, led by the Governor of Gilgit Baltistan, a judiciary and a legislative branch.

Like other provinces in Pakistan, the head of state of Gilgit Baltistan is the governor. The governor is chosen by the President of Pakistan on the advice of the central government. The governor's post is largely ceremonial. It does not have much power. The Chief Minister is the head of government and is holds most of the executive powers.

The Gilgit Baltistan Legislative Assembly is a 33-seat unicameral legislative body. It was formed as part of the "Gilgit–Baltistan Empowerment and Self-Governance Order, 2009". This order gave the region self-rule and an elected legislative assembly. Before this, the region had been directly ruled from Islamabad.


Gilgit–Baltistan borders the Wakhan corridor of Afghanistan to the northwest, China's Uygur Autonomous Region of Xinjiang to the northeast, the disputed territory of Jammu and Kashmir to the south and southeast, the Pakistani-controlled state of Azad Jammu and Kashmir to the south, and Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the west.

Gilgi-Baltistan is home to five of the "eight-thousanders" and to more than fifty peaks above 7000 meters. Gilgit and Skardu are the two main hubs for expeditions to those mountains. The region is home to some of the world's highest mountain ranges—the main ranges are the Karakoram Mountains and the western Himalayas. The Pamir mountains are to the north, and the Hindu Kush lies to the west. Amongst the highest mountains are K2 (Mount Godwin-Austen) and Nanga Parbat, the latter being one of the most feared mountains in the world.

The Deosai Plains are located above the tree line, and constitute the second-highest plateau in the world at 4,115 meters (14,500 feet) after the Chinese region of Tibet. The plateau lies east of Astore, south of Skardu and west of Ladakh. The area was declared as a national park in 1993. The Deosai Plains cover an area of almost 5,000 square kilometres. For over half the year (between September and May), Deosai is snow-bound and cut off from rest of Astore & Baltistan in winters. The village of Deosai lies close to Chilum chokki and is connected with the Kargil District of Ladakh in the Kashmir disputed region through an all-weather road.

The Great American Bash (2008)

The Great American Bash was the fifth yearly Great American Bash professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on July 20, 2008 at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York and featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown!, and ECW brands. The official theme song for the event is "Move To The Music" by American Bang.

The main feud going into the Great American Bash on the SmackDown brand was between Triple H and Edge. They had been feuding over the WWE Championship. On the July 4 edition of "SmackDown", General Manager Vickie Guerrero said that they would wrestly each other for the WWE Championship at The Great American Bash.


Euarchontoglires

Euarchontoglires (synonymous with Supraprimates) is a taxonomic superorder, within Placentalia. It includes the rodents and the primates.

Placentalia (Eutheria)


Mazamitla

Mazamitla is a town in the Mexican State of Jalisco.

Thomas Brezina

Thomas Brezina (born January 30, 1963, in Vienna) is an Austrian writer of children's books. He is famous for his series "The Knickerbocker Gang" and his stories about the talking bike "Tom Turbo".

Bass

Bass or Basses may mean:








Ontology

Ontology is the philosophical study of the nature of "being, "becoming", existence", or "reality". It is part of the major branch of philosophy known as metaphysics. 

Ontology deals with questions about what things exist or can be said to exist, and how such entities can be grouped according to similarities and differences. 

The word "ontology" ('study of being') comes from

Ontology asks whether "categories of being" are fundamental. 

Some philosophers, of the Platonic school, say that all nouns (including abstract nouns) refer to actual entities. Other philosophers contend that nouns do not always name entities. They think some are a kind of shorthand for a collection of either objects or events. 

In this view, "mind", instead of referring to an entity, refers to a collection of "mental events" experienced by a "person". "Society" refers to a collection of "persons" with some shared characteristics, and "geometry" refers to a collection of a specific kind of intellectual activity. 

Between these poles, called realism and nominalism, are other positions. Any ontology must give an account of which words refer to entities, which do not, why, and what categories result.

Turkish Airlines

Turkish Airlines, in Turkish Türk Hava Yolları is the national airline of Turkey. In 2012 Turkish Airlines carried 39.0 million passengers. Turkish Airlines flies a lot of destinion inside Turkey and lots of point in the world.

As of 2015, Turkish Airlines is the airline that flies to the most countries worldwide.


Pegasus Airlines

Pegasus airlines is a Turkish airline company based in Turkey. Pegasus Airlines flies to 100 destinations in 17 countries.

Countries to which Pegasus fly are:


Ethiopian Airlines

Ethiopian Airlines is an airline based in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. It is the national airline of Ethiopia, operating scheduled international passenger and freight services to 80 destinations world-wide, as well as domestic services to 28 destinations and passenger and cargo charter flights. Its main hub is Bole International Airport, Addis Ababa.

Ethiopian Airlines began on December 30, 1945. It was set up by Emperor Haile Selassie. It has codeshare agreements with South African Airways, Lufthansa, TAAG Air Angola, Gulf Air, Air One, Brussels Airlines, British Midland Airways Limited, Rwanda Air, and Saudi Arabian Airways.

Sellapan Ramanathan

Sellapan Ramanathan (Tamil: செல்லப்பன் ராமநாதன்; (July 3, 1924 – August 22, 2016) was the sixth President of the Republic of Singapore. Often referred to as S. R. Nathan, he became president on September 1, 1999.

Nathan was an Indian Singaporean; his childhood was spent with his two older brothers and parents, V. Sellapan and Apiram, in Muar, Johor, in a house near the sea.

By then the young Nathan had returned to where he was born, Singapore, to live with an uncle, and received his early education in several Anglo-Chinese Schools, such as the Rangoon Road Afternoon School, and later Victoria School. He started working before completing his studies. During the Japanese Occupation of Singapore, Nathan worked for the Japanese civilian police as a translator. After the war, while working, he completed his secondary education through self-study, and entered the University of Malaya (then in Singapore) where he graduated in 1954 with a Diploma in Social Studies (Distinction).

His nomination was strongly supported by Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew (then holding the post of Senior Minister). He succeeded the 5th President of Singapore Ong Teng Cheong and was sworn in on September 1, 1999.

On 12 July 2005 Nathan announced that he was seeking re-election as President. He applied to the Presidential Elections Committee; by 6 August 2005 three more people had also submitted forms, but on 13 August the Committee said that the other three applicants had been rejected as unsuitable. Nathan became the president of Singapore on 17 August. He became president for the second time on 1 September 2005.

His term ends on 31 August 2011, after which a new President must be elected. He was replaced by Tony Tan Keng Yam after the 2011 Presidential Elections in Singapore.

Nathan, a Hindu, was married to Urmila (Umi) Nandey and had a daughter, a son, and three grandchildren.

Nathan suffered a stroke on the morning of July 31, 2016 and was taken to Singapore General Hospital's Intensive Care Unit. He died in hospital on August 22, 2016 at 9:48 pm SST, aged 92. He was survived by his wife Urmila Nandey (known as Umi), their daughter Juthika and son Osith, three grandchildren, and his sister Sundari.



Singlish

Singlish is a language used mostly in Singapore. It is the first language of many younger Singaporeans, especially those whose parents do not share a native language or dialect, and is the second language of nearly all the rest of the country's residents.

The vocabulary of Singlish consists of words originating from English, Malay (mainly Bahasa Melayu rather than Indonesian), Hokkien, Teochew, Cantonese, Tamil and to a lesser extent various other European, Indic and Sinitic languages, while Singlish syntax resembles southern varieties of Chinese. Also, elements of American and Australian slang have come through from imported television series. To date, other Asian languages like Japanese, Korean and other lesser known Chinese dialects such as Shanghainese have also been incorporated into Singlish. Recently, because Mandarin is taught to all Singaporean Chinese in school, Mandarin words have also become a part of Singlish. Singlish is a creole of English.

Singlish is closely related to Manglish of the nearby country Malaysia.

The Singaporean government wants people to use Singapore Standard English instead of Singlish because it believes in that Singaporeans need to be able to effectively communicate with the other English users in the world. The government runs the Speak Good English Movement to emphasise the point.


1995–96 NHL season

The 1995–96 NHL season was the 79th regular season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-six teams each played 82 games. The Stanley Cup winners were the St. Louis Blues. They knocked out the Boston Bruins in seven games. This was the first year the team won the Stanley Cup.

1995–96 was the first season in Denver for the Avalanche, who had relocated from Quebec City where they were previously known as the Quebec Nordiques. 

It was also the last season of existence for the Winnipeg Jets, as they announced that they would be moving from Manitoba to Arizona and become the Phoenix Coyotes at the season's end.

1995–96 would mark the last season the Buffalo Sabres would play in the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium, the Flyers at the Spectrum, and Canadiens at the Montreal Forum.

The Detroit Red Wings had a great season, finishing with the second-highest regular-season point total in NHL history (131 points), yet they fell to the Avalanche in the Western Conference final, the sixth game of which marked the beginning of the heated Detroit-Colorado rivalry.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points"

"Note: GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points"

"Note: GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points"
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1995–96 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):


The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1995–96 (listed with their last team):



Singapore dollar

The Singapore Dollar is the official currency or money of Singapore. The symbol of the Singapore Dollar when written is $. 1 Singapore Dollar is divided into 100 cents. There are 2, 5, 10, 50, 100, 1000 and 10,000 dollar notes and 5¢, 10¢, 20¢, 50¢, and $1 coins in use.


The Singapore Dollar can be used in Singapore.

However, the Singapore Dollar can also be used in Brunei due to an agreement signed between the Singapore government and the Brunei government. Both the Singapore Dollar (SGD) and the Brunei Dollar (BND) are accepted in stores of Singapore and Brunei.

Shortwave radio

Shortwave radio is a name for radio waves in the range of 3-30 megahertz. Shortwave is often used for broadcasting, and radio receivers made to tune in those broadcasts are sometimes called shortwave radios. The earth's ionosphere carries radio waves in this range over great distances, and signals can travel around the globe under certain conditions. This makes it possible for radio stations all over the world to broadcast to listeners in faraway countries. Sunspot activity and solar flares can interfere with shortwave reception, and different frequencies work better at different times during the day or year.

Since their beginning in the early days of radio, shortwave stations have carried news and cultural information about the station's locality or country of origin. Many governments or national news agencies have shortwave stations, that broadcast in both English and their native languages, so they can inform both non-natives and natives about things in their country. Some broadcast in several different languages, to reach a wider listening audience. Some of these stations are Voice of America, BBC World Service, Deutsche Welle, and Voice of Russia.

Shortwave stations may also be run by private companies or groups. Some broadcast religious programming. HCJB and WEWN include actual church services in their programs. Others may broadcast weather or time information. WWV and WWVH give the current Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) at 2.500, 5.000, 10.000, and 15.000 megahertz. WWV is also on 20.000 megahertz.

A few stations are unlicensed, and their operators are called "pirates". Pirate stations may not broadcast regularly, or from the same location each time. They may carry music not played by other stations, and express unpopular opinions. Government authorities work to stop these stations, because they are not licensed and interfere with licensed ones.

Shortwave listenership has lessened with the rise of the Internet, but is still important to people worldwide, especially in areas the Internet and computer technology have not yet reached. Many longtime stations now stream their programming over the Internet, as audio feeds or podcasting, along with their radio broadcasts.

Two-way radio sets on ships and airplanes also use shortwaves to talk with ground stations that are far away, when they cannot use a communications satellite. 


Çanakkale

Çanakkale is a city in western Turkey. In World War I, Çanakkale was a battle area. Troy, an ancient Greek city was in the area of Çanakkale Province.

Dadı

Dadı is a television series. It is the Turkish version of "The Nanny". Gülben Ergen as Melek, Kenan Işık as Ömer played main starring in the television series.


Placebo (band)

Placebo is an alternative rock band that started in London in 1994. The band currently has Brian Molko (lead vocals, guitar, harmonica, keyboards, saxophone), Stefan Olsdal (bass, guitar, keyboards, back-up vocals) and Steve Forrest (drums, percussion, back-up vocals) as members. A Kate Bush cover, "Running Up That Hill" is one of their most popular songs.

Placebo’s sixth studio album, "Battle for the Sun", was released on June 8th, 2009. 

Recorded over three months at Metal Works Studios in Toronto with producer David Bottrill and mixed in London by My Bloody Valentine, Smashing Pumpkins and Nine Inch Nails producer Alan Moulder, "Battle for the Sun" is a startling, alive, vital and boundary-vaulting Placebo record. 

It is, according to Brian Molko, “not hard rock and it’s not pop, it’s probably hard pop. I think we’ve made a record which is almost the flipside of ‘Meds’. We’ve made a record about choosing life, about choosing to live, about stepping out of the darkness and into the light. Not necessarily turning your back on the darkness because it’s there, it’s essential; it’s a part of who you are, but more about the choice of standing in the sunlight instead.” 

Industrial rock

Industrial rock is a music genre that puts together industrial music and different rock genres, like punk, hardcore punk, or hard rock or Synth pop.

Java Man

Java man is one of the first known specimens of "Homo erectus". The name was given to fossils discovered in 1891 at Trinil on the banks of the Bengawan Solo River in East Java, Indonesia. Its discoverer, Eugène Dubois, gave it the scientific name Pithecanthropus erectus. The name derives from Greek and Latin roots meaning "upright ape-man".

Estimated to be between 700,000 and 1,000,000 years old, it was, at the time of its discovery, the oldest hominid fossils ever found. It still is the type specimen for "Homo erectus".

Led by Eugène Dubois, the excavation team uncovered a tooth, a skullcap, and a thighbone at Trinil.

Peking Man

Peking Man (currently "Homo erectus pekinensis") is an example of "Homo erectus". The remains were first found between in 1923 and 1937 during excavations at Zhoukoudian near Beijing, in China. 

In 2009 the finds were dated from roughly 750,000 years ago, and a new Al/Be dating suggests they are in the range of 680,000–780,000 years old.

The original fossils disappeared in 1941, but casts and descriptions remain. They show that this subspecies looked similar to modern humans and Neanderthals, and used stone tools. Most likely fire was used, and it is currently unknown if interbreeding was between "Homo erectus" and "Homo sapiens," and if this is an ancestor or member of the Denisovan peoples of East Asia. No religious or symbolic findings are yet associated with this subspecies.

Golden plates

Followers of the Latter Day Saint Movement believe that Joseph Smith was visited by an angel who gave him the Golden Plates from which he translated the Book of Mormon, one of the faith's sacred texts. They were found on September 22, 1823 on Cumorah hill in Manchester, New York.

Moroni

Moroni is a character in the Book of Mormon that was the final member of his people before they were all killed. Mormons believe that Moroni later appeared to Joseph Smith as an angel and gave him the Golden Plates from which Joseph translated the Book of Mormon.

He is also the figure of the angel that is plated in gold and which sits on top of all Mormon temples.

Aer language

Aer is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by about 200 people in Sindh, Pakistan. 

Guitar Hero World Tour

Guitar Hero: World Tour is a music game that is part of the "Guitar Hero" franchise. The game was released in North America on October 27 2008. This is the first Guitar Hero game that allowed the player(s) to play a variety of instruments besides guitar. The game features 86 unique songs. The game also features a career mode where players can make their own “rockers” and band. Post launch DLC was added via an online storefront, excluding the playstation 2 version of the game.



Guitar Hero: Metallica

Guitar Hero: Metallica is a rhythm game that was made by Neversoft with other help from Activision. It is part of the "Guitar Hero" franchise. The game was released in North America on March 29, 2009 for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and the Wii and was released on April 14, 2009 in North America for the PlayStation 2. In the game , there is a trailer for the game with the song "Master of Puppets" playing in the background. "It also says Ride the Lightning 2009."

Badeshi language

Badeshi is a northwestern Indo-Iranic language spoken by only 3 people in upper reaches of Bishigram Valley (Chail), east of Madyan, Swat, Kohistan in Northern Areas of Pakistan.

The Badeshi people of Bishigram Valley and Tirat Valley total around 1,500 in numbers. The figures for Pooran Chakesar, Alai, and Mansehra towns are not available. The Badeshi people stopped using their native language completely few generations ago. In Bishigram Valley, they only speak Torwali and in Tirat Valley they speak Pashto.

Muhammad Zaman Sagar, a field linguist is working on this language. But his research over the 2 years, he has just collected one hundred words so far. In July 2007 he again visited the Bishigram valley and spent some time with the people there.

Balti

Balti might mean:


Austro-Bavarian language

Bavarian (also known as Austro-Bavarian; ) is a major group of Upper German varieties. They are called "upper" because they are spoken in Switzerland, Austria and southern Germany, which are mountainous. Like standard German, Austro-Bavarian is a High German language, but they are not the same language. However, Austro-Bavarian and Standard German have influenced each other and the vast majority of Austro-Bavarian speakers speak Standard German as well. There are more variants of Bavarian. The variants are Central Bavarian, Southern Bavarian, and Northern Bavarian.

Austro-Bavarian is also used to refer to the dialect group which includes the Austro-Bavarian dialect discussed here, as well as the Cimbrian, Hutterite German, and Mócheno dialects of Germany.

The Austro-Bavarian language has its origins in the Germanic tribe known as the Bavarii, who established a tribal duchy, which covered much of what is today Bavaria and some of Austria in the early Middle Ages and was eventually subdued by Charlemagne. However, they gradually migrated down the Danube and into the Alps to all those areas where Austro-Bavarian dialects are spoken.

In German, there is usually a difference made between "bairisch" (referring to the language) and "bayerisch" (referring to the state of Bavaria and used in the name of BMW). Because of King Ludwig I's passion for everything Hellenic, the German name for Bavaria today is spelled "Bayern", while the language spoken there has retained its original spelling "Bairisch"—note the I versus the "Hellenic" Y.


Notes:



Brahui language

The Brahui () or Bravi () or Brohi language, spoken by the Brahui people, it is the only Dravidian language mainly spoken in Pakistan, although it is also spoken in Afghanistan and Iran. The 2005 edition of Ethnologue reports some 2.2 million speakers, 90% of whom live in Pakistan. In Pakistan it is mainly spoken in the central Balochistan.

Although it is a Dravidian language, it has been heavily influenced by the Indo-Iranian languages spoken in the area such as Balochi, Sindhi and Urdu.

Brahui is often considered to be a remnant of a formerly more widespread Dravidian language family that was speculated to have reduced during the Indo-Aryan migration. It is also sometimes speculated that Brahui might be a direct legacy of the Indus Valley Civilisation. However, one polar opposite view is that Brahuis migrated up to Baluchistan in the 13 or 14th century or by a late immigration that took place after 1000 CE.

Burushaski

Burushaski (بروشسکی - Burū́šaskī) is a language isolate spoken by some 300,000 Burusho people in the Hunza, Nagar, Yasin, Chitral, and Gilgit valleys of Northern Pakistan. It is also spoken by some 300 immigrants in Srinagar, Indian-administered Kashmir. Other names for the language are "Kanjut (Kunjoot), Werchikwār, Boorishki, Brushas (Brushias), Biltum, Khajuna, Werchikwar and Miśa:ski."

Today Burushaski contains many loanwords from Urdu (including English words received via Urdu) and from neighbouring Dardic languages such as Khowar and Shina, as well as a few from Turkic languages and from the neighboring Sino-Tibetan language Balti, but the original vocabulary remains largely intact. The Dardic languages also contain large numbers of loanwords from Burushaski.

There are three dialects, named after the main valleys: Hunza, Nagar, and Yasin (also called Werchikwār). The dialect of Yasin is thought to be the least affected by contact with neighboring languages and is generally less similar to the other two than those are to each other; nevertheless, all three dialects are mutually intelligible.

Khowar language

Khowar is a Dardic language. It is spoken by 332,200 people. These people live in the upper Chitral District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Khowar has many loanwords taken from Hindustani, Persian, and Ghalchah. It also has words from Sanskrit and Ancient Greek.

In the 19th century, when the area was conquered by Hindustanis, many words from the Hindustani languages entered Kho, like "afas" from the Hindustani "aas", which means hope; "ruphi" from the Hindustani "rukna". which means to stop; "usna" from the Hindustani "uthana", which means to lift up; and "choghi" from the Hindustani "chori", which means to steal.

The Khowar alphabet is based on the Urdu alphabet.


Islamgarh

Islamgarh () (or Akhalgarh, where "Akhal" means the Immortal and "Garh" means "Place of") is a small New town near the village of Chak Haryam, that is close to the Mangla Dam and one of 25 towns in the Union Councils of Pakistan is the Chakswari Tehsil, Mirpur District of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan. 10,082 people lived there in 1998.

Dhatki language

Dhatki, also known as Dhati or Thari, is a dialect continum of Sindhi and Marwari. It is spoken in western parts of Jaisalmer and Barmer districts of Rajasthan in the Republic of India and south eastern part of Sindh province of Pakistan. Its characteristic phonological features are glottalized or Implosive sounds like Sindhi. Many Dhatki speaking communities migrated to British India in 1947 after the partition and continued to do so in small numbers, but still there is a sizable number of Dhatki speakers in Tharparkar, Umarkot, Mirpurkhas districts of Sindh Pakistan.

Dehwari language

Dehwari is a Southwestern Iranian language spoken by over 20,0000 people in Balochistan, Pakistan. Most of the Dehwari speakers are concentrated in Mastung, Khuzdar, Nushk, Kharan, Sarlath, Dalbandin, and Kalat.

Dogri language

Dogri () is a not a dialect of [[Punjabi language, [[Dogras|Dogra]] is Different languag,Dogra ethnic people in the [[Jammu region|Jammu]] region of [[Jammu and Kashmir (state)|Jammu and Kashmir,]] [[India]], with smaller groups of speakers in adjoining regions of western [[Himachal Pradesh]], northern [[Punjab, India|Punjab]] states of India, Dogri is also spoken in [[Pakistan|Pakistani]] [[Punjab (Pakistan)|Punjab]] Province.

It is spoken by about two million people in Jammu Kashmir region in India and [[Pakistan]], chiefly in the Jammu region of [[Jammu and Kashmir]], but also in northern Punjab, [[Himachal Pradesh]], other parts of Indian controlled Kashmir, and elsewhere. Dogri speakers are called Dogras, and the Dogri-speaking region is called Duggar. 
Dogri is a member of the Western Pahari Group of languages. Unusually for an Indo-European language, Dogri is tonal, a trait it shares with other Western Pahari.

[[Category:Punjabi language]]
[[Category:Languages of India]]
[[Category:Languages of Jammu and Kashmir]]
[[Category:Languages of Punjab (Pakistan)]]
Domaaki language

Domaakí - also known as Dumaki or Domaá - is a language spoken in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.

It is the traditional tongue of the Dóoma (sg. Dóom), a small ethnic group scattered in extended family units among larger host communities. In former times, Domaaki speakers traditionally worked as blacksmiths and musicians, but nowadays they are also engaged in a variety of other professions. 

In almost all places of their present settlement the Dooma, who are all Muslims, have long since given up their original mother tongue in favour of the language of their respective host community. Only in the Nager and Hunza Valleys has Domaaki survived until the present day. 

Following its geographic location, Domaaki can be divided into two dialects: Nager-Domaaki and Hunza-Domaaki. Although there are considerable differences between these two varieties, they are not so severe as to prevent mutual intelligibility. 

Presently Domaaki counts less than 350 (mostly elderly) speakers – ca. 300
of them related to Hunza; around 40 related to Nager – and is thus to be considered a highly endangered language.


Gawar-Bati language

Gawar-Bati is known in Chitral as Aranduyiwar, because it is spoken in Village Arandu, which is the last village in the bottom of Chitral and is across the Kunar River from Berkot in Afghanistan. Chitral keeps a military base in Arandu to guard against an attack by Afghanistan.

There are 9,000 speakers of Gawar-Bati, but only 1,500 are in Pakistan. The rest are in Afghanistan.

The Gawar-Bati Language has not been given study by serious linguists, except that it is mentioned by George Morgenstierne (1926) and Kendall Decker (1992). It is classified as a Dardic Language but this is more of a geographical classification than a linguistic one.

The Norwegian linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world. Although Khowar is the predominant language of Chitral, more than ten other languages are spoken here. These include Kalasha-mun, Palula, Dameli, Gawar-Bati, Nuristani, Yidgha, Burushaski, Gujar, Wakhi, Kyrgyz, Persian and Pashto. Since many of these languages have no written form, letters are usually written in Urdu or Persian.

Goaria language

Goaria is a Marwari Rajasthani language spoken by some 25,000 people in Sindh Province, of Pakistan. The people are predominantly Hindu, and use the Sanskrit language for worship.

Gujari language

Gojri, also known as 'Gujari' is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Gurjars, or Gujjars of Northern Pakistan and the Republic of India. It is classified as a form or dialect of Rajasthani by the linguists.

The language is mainly spoken in the Punjab provinces of India and Pakistan and also in Jammu & Kashmir, it is most closely related to Marwari and Gujarati.

Hazaragi

Hazaragi () spoken by the Hazara people in south Asia.

Hazaragi is a language which is related to Turkish, mongolian and Indo-European languages. It is easily distinguishable from other turkic and mongolic languages spoken in different countries in South Asia. Hazaragi contains some Turkic and Mongolic words.

Hazaragi is spoken by the Hazara people of central Afghanistan as well as by a large refugee population found in northeastern Iran and in parts of Pakistan, such as Quetta.


Hindko

Hindko (, ; also spelled as Hindku or Hinko) is a Punjabi variety or group of dialects, spoken by about 5 million people in Pakistan. Most of them live in Hazara (now a region of the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa), but there are also speakers in other parts of the province (such as Kohat and Peshawar). There are also speakers in Azad Kashmir and in north-western Punjab. Hindko is classified within Lahnda (Western Punjabi). Hazari is the most spoken dialect of the variety.

There is no proper, formal generic name for these people because they belong to diverse ethnicities and tend to identify themselves by the larger families, castes and tribes. However the people of the largest group in the districts of Haripur, Abbottabad and Mansehra are sometimes recognised collectively as "Hazarawal", named after the Hazara Division that comprises these districts. In Peshawar city they are referred to as "Kharay" meaning City-dwellers or Hindkowans.

Pokémon crime organizations

In every Pokémon video game, anime and manga series, there has been an organization that opposes the main characters. They try to steal Pokémon and rob people of their money, and some even attempt to take over the world. This is a list of all those organizations. Pokémon crime organizations are also commonly referred to as "evil teams", as many of them are evil in nature.

Team Rocket are the crime syndicate of the Kanto region and in the games "Pokémon Red", "Blue", and "Green" as well as their remakes "FireRed" and "LeafGreen". They are also the crime syndicate in the Johto region and in the games "Pokémon Gold", "Silver", and "Crystal" as well as their remakes "HeartGold" and "SoulSilver".

Team Rocket does not show up much in the anime except for the duo that works for Team Rocket, Jessie and James. They are in almost every episode in the Pokémon anime. They usually come up with a plan to capture Ash Ketchum's Pikachu, using a big machine or setting a trap. Team Rocket has worn a lot of costumes as part of their plans. When they show themselves, they usually repeat their motto. Along with this duo, there are other members of Team Rocket such as the other duo Butch and Cassidy, the rivals of Jessie and James. All of their attempts have failed, though the only exception is in the Pokémon Sun and Moon anime, they defeated both Ash's Pikachu and Rowlet using their own Mimikyu and Mareanie.
Other Members of Team Rocket are also seen in the Anime such as Doctor Zager, Matori, other less notable members of Team Rocket and Giovanni himself.

Team Rocket can be found in the games that take place in Kanto or Johto. This includes "Pokémon Red", "Blue", and "Yellow", and "Pokémon Gold", "Silver", and "Crystal". In "Pokémon Yellow", Jessie and James can be found in 4 locations during the game. The leader of Team Rocket, Giovanni can be found in Rocket Hideout, where players must beat him to get the Silph Scope for Pokémon Tower, where players beat him to save Mr. Fuji and get the Poké Flute, on the top floor of the Silph Co; Where players beat him and get the Master Ball as a prize.

In the Pokémon manga series, "Pokémon Adventures", Red finds and battles Team Rocket in many places, including Mt. Moon, the Vermilion port (where they were taking Pokémon for sea travel), Lavender Tower, and during their take over of Saffron City. In the manga, Blaine was a Team Rocket Scientist who had combined the DNA of Mew with his own DNA, creating Mewtwo. However, he gained the DNA of Mewtwo as well, which gives them a close relationship. The manga also shows Koga, Lt. Surge, and Sabrina as high-ranked members of Team Rocket. A major difference between the manga and other versions of Team Rocket is that several Gym Leaders are villains in the manga.

In the manga, Team Rocket is apparently an acronym for
“Raid
On the
City,
Knock-out,
Evil
Tasks.”

Team Aqua and Team Magma are the two feuding crime syndicates in the Hoenn region and in the games "Pokémon Ruby, Sapphire, and Emerald" as well as their remakes "Omega Ruby" and "Alpha Sapphire".

The teams Aqua and Magma did not play a part in the anime very much. They are not Pokémon thieves, but they did fight against each other. Team Magma's goal was to evaporate oceans and create more usable land for people and Pokémon, using Groudon to carry out their plans. Team Aqua's goal was to flood the earth and create more water habitats for Pokémon, using Kyogre to do so. When the two teams clashed and tried to use their legendary Pokémon to defeat each other, the resulting natural disaster almost caused an incident of mass destruction. The teams disbanded soon afterward.

Aqua and Magma agents and the leaders, Archie, leader of Aqua, and Maxie, leader of Magma, play a part in Pokémon R/S/E. The agents are must be battled to get to their leaders. Archie and Maxie may help in a double battle against other trainers, but players also have to battle them as the leader of their teams.

"Team Galactic" are the crime syndicate in the Sinnoh region, which is the setting of the video games "Pokémon Diamond" and "Pearl". The team is led by a man named Cyrus, who grew up in Sunyshore City and hated the company of both people and Pokémon, preferring the company of machines. The team has three commanders: Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. Their goal is to create a new universe that they can control. Many of the grunts have no idea of the real goal of Team Galactic.

Team Galactic has made several appearances in the anime. All commanders and Cyrus have appeared. Their goal is similar to the games. Team Galactic's hunter, J, plays a part in the "Diamond and Pearl" series. She tries to freeze Pokémon in a stone-like state, then steal them while they are powerless. She stole Ash's Pikachu, Team Rocket's Meowth, and a trainer's Gardevoir; they were rescued later in the episode. Gary and Ash teamed up to save four Shieldon that J was taking.

In "Diamond and Pearl", they kidnap the legendary Lake Trio (Uxie, Mesprit, and Azelf) and take crystals from them to create an item known as the Red Chain, which chains and controls a Pokémon, yet keeps their full power. The player goes in Galactic's headquarters and defeats Cyrus, so he lets the player release the three after beating Saturn. At the Spear Pillar, Cyrus uses the Red Chain to bring the legendary Pokémon Dialga (in Diamond) or Palkia (in Pearl) out, planning to use their power to create the new universe, over which he will be the new leader. However, the Lake Trio come back to suppress the legendary's power and break the Red Chain, stopping Cyrus. After this, and Cyrus's failure to defeat the player, most of Team Galactic leaves including Cyrus himself. Only a handful remain in Veilstone City, led by Saturn, who has decided to found a new, better Team Galactic.
In "Platinum", however, Team Galactic plans to get both legendaries of time and space, causing an enraged Giratina, the third Sinnoh deity who represents dimensions, chaos, and death. The player will have to chase down Cyrus, now wanting the power of the before-unknown Giratina, to an eerie dimension known as the Distortion World, in which Giratina has lived for many ages. Later in the game, it is revealed that Mars and Jupiter quit Team Galactic. It also features a new Team Galactic member named Charon, who is arrested shortly after Mars and Jupiter quit.

Team Plasma is the villainous team in the Unova region. They first appear in Black and White, but also make an apperance in the subseqent sequel, Black 2 and White 2. Team Plasma's original goal was to "liberate" all Pokémon from their Trainers, by either convincing the Trainer to release their Pokémon, or by taking the pokemon by force. Ghetsis, one of Team Plasma's leaders, exploited the group in an attempt to rule Unova as the only one with Pokémon and formed Neo Team Plasma, Two years after Neo Team Plasma's defeat, the good Team Plasma returned with a new goal to rule Unova. A small group from the original Team Plasma was still loyal to N, and took it upon themselves to take care of weakened Pokémon in the wild.

Team Flare are the main villians of X/Y. They want to remake the world in their own image using the power of a legendary Pokemon. They were defeated by the main protagonists.

A gang of thugs in the Alola region. They were lead by Guzma. They steal Pokemon, and Bug-type Z-Crystals, and are everyones favorite evil organization, apart from Doritos.

The true antagonists of Sun/Moon. Lead by Lusamine, they wanted to steal and freeze Pokemon.

They turn out to be good

Another gang of thugs. Follows Marnie around.

a Galar energy company run by Chairmen Rose who's goal is to use the unstable pink galar particles in Dynamaxing as the only energy source for galar and has a secret plan to imprison a Pokemon forever known as The Darkest Day who is made up of Galar Particles to use for energy, also the unstable galar particles cause Pokemon to rampage.

Pokemon trainers in Pokemon Horizons but go about thier cause like Pokemon hunters, they want to steal Liko's pendant, for unknown reasons.

Malaya

Malaya is both a name and word that has different meanings in different places.

Malaya first recorded in the Vayu Purana ( 1 BCE - 7 CE) as "Malayadvipa" ( 'Malaya island') refers to the Sumatra island. Malaya also mentioned in the Amoghapasa inscription ( 1300s CE) found in the estuary of Batanghari river in West Sumatra, refers to the region in Sumatra.

In the history of Malaysia and Singapore, "Malaya" () can refer to:




Seal of Vermont

The Great Seal of Vermont is the official seal of the U.S. state of Vermont. It is used to emboss and make official documents real.

Dune universe

The fictional Dune" universe, or Duniverse", is the political, scientific, and social place from author Frank Herbert's six-book "Dune" series of science fiction novels.



East Francia

Eastern Francia () was the land of Louis the German after the Treaty of Verdun of 843. That treaty divided Carolingian Empire of the Franks into an East, West, and Middle. Over the centuries it changed into the Holy Roman Empire and modern Germany.Until the beginning of the 12. Century it was known as Francia Orientalis or the Kingdom of the East Franks. If the beginning of the Holy Roman Empire is thought to have happened at the same time as the rise of the Ottonian dynasty, the kingdom of East Francia lasted from 843 to when Duke Henry I of Saxony became a monarch on in 919; or it could have began in 962, when Otto I the Great became a monarch ("translatio imperii").

East Francia was divided into four duchies: Swabia (Alamannia), Franconia, Saxony and Bavaria (with Carinthia). And after the death of Lothair II in 869, these were added the eastern parts of Lotharingia.

This division have there until 1268, the end of the Hohenstaufen dynasty.

From the 10th century, East Francia was also known as "Regnum Teutonicum" ("Teutonic kingdom", "Kingdom of Germany"), a term in Salian times.

Colm

Colm is a masculine given name. It comes from the Irish word for "dove". There are three ways to pronounce this name. Colm is the short form of the Roman name Columba, which also means "dove". Saint Columba was a 6th-century Irish monk who founded a monastery on the Island of Iona in Scotland. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Famous Colms include television and movie actor Colm Meaney, actor Colm Feore, and novelists Colm Toibin and Colum McCann.


RAR (file format)

In computing, RAR is a archival file format that allows data compression, error recovery, and file spanning. It was created by Eugene Roshal (that is why it is named RAR: Roshal ARchive) and is now licensed to "Win.RAR GmbH".

The following is an example of file archiver software by platforms. For a comprehensive list see Comparison of file archivers.





WinRAR

WinRAR (a.k.a. RAR) is a shareware file archiver and data compression program created by Eugene Roshal. Many people think that it is one of the three most used File Archiver for Windows, together with WinZip and 7-Zip. It is one of the few programs that can create RAR archives, because the encoding method is proprietary, meaning they own it and nobody else can use it.

The current developer is Eugene Roshal, while his brother Alexander Roshal is helping with the business.


Changthang

Changthang means Northern Plateau in Tibetan. It is a high altitude plateau in western and northern Tibet. It goes from Ladakh east about 1600km to the Chinese state called Qinghai. It is a very high land with giant lakes. It is the home of the Changpa nomads.

The part of Changthang in Ladakh (in India) has a population of 10,089 (2000 WCD). It is found in Jammu and Kashmir, around the Chinese border area of Changthang Region east and southeast of Leh. Changthang is known for its music and dance. It also has many important animals such as sheep (cashmere wool) and goats.

Chilisso language

Chilisso is an Indo-European Kohistani language spoken in Pakistan. It is also called Galos or Chiliss.


Balochi language

Balochi (also called Baluchi, Baloci or Baluci) is a Northwestern Iranic language. It is the main language of the Baloch people of Balochistan region, Pakistan, eastern Iran and southern Afghanistan. It is also spoken as a second language by some Brahui. It is one of nine official languages of Pakistan.

Balochi has several dialects. The Ethnologue lists three dialects: Eastern Balochi, Northern Balochi, Southern Balochi and Western Balochi while the Encyclopædia Iranica (from Elfenbein) lists six dialects: Rakhshani (subdialects: Kalati, Panjguri and Sarhaddi), Saravani, Lashari, Kechi, Coastal Dialects, and Eastern Hill Balochi.

Northern Balochi dialects are settled north of Iranian Balochistan and Golestān Province of Iran, north of Nimruz Province in Afghanistan and north Chagai District of Balochistan.


Jadgal

The Jadgal people are an Indo-Aryan community, which live in Pakistan and Iran, they are also found in Oman, UAE where they are called as Al Zadjali. The Jadgal people speak the Jadgali language. The population of Jadgal people living in Pakistan was at about 100,000 in 1998. Jadgal people are mostly Muslim.

Kutchi language

Kutchi or Kachchi is a language and is spoken in regions such as Kutch, India and Sindh, Pakistan. Over 50,000 people spoke it in 1998.


Querétaro

Querétaro is a state of Mexico.

The word Querétaro dates back to pre-Hispanic times. Some of the people who arrived in the area now occupied by the state gave it different names based on its geographic features. The Tarascans of Michoacán called the spot now known as La Cañada, Crettaro or Queréndaro, which means the place of the crags; they probably gave it this name because there is lots of pink stone there. The Otomíes called it Mxei, which means the place where the ballgame is played. It was also called Ndamaxei, which means the great ballcourt; the Aztecs named it Tlaxco, which has the same meaning. Finally, the Chichimecs called this spot Xico, which also means great ballcourt in their language; it received this name because the La Cañada area is shaped like an enormous pre-Hispanic ballcourt.

Fatima Jinnah

Fatima Jinnah (31 July 1893 – 9 July 1967) was a Pakistani dental surgeon, writer, stateswoman and one of the founders of Pakistan. She was the younger sister of Muhammad Ali Jinnah who became the first Governor General of Pakistan. 

She was a strong critic of the British Raj, and a leading member of the All-India Muslim League. She advocated the separation of Pakistan as an independent state when the Raj ended.

After the independence of Pakistan, Jinnah co-founded the All Pakistan Women's Association, which helped settle the migrants in the new country. After the death of her brother, she was a prominent philanthropist, but was not politically active until 1965. Then she took part in the Pakistani presidential election against the military Dictator Ayub Khan. She lost the primary because of election rigging by the Pakistan Army.

Her legacy is her support for civil rights, her struggle in Pakistan Movement and her devotion to her brother. Many institutions and public spaces have been named in her honour.

Campeche

Campeche is a state in the south-east of Mexico. Its capital is also called Campeche. About 750,000 people live in Campeche.

1994–95 NHL season

The 1994–95 NHL season was the 78th regular season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-six teams each played 48 games, a shortened season, due to a lockout of the players by the owners. For the first time since the 1969–70 NHL season, no team averaged more than four goals scored per game. A total of 60 shutouts happened in the 624 regular-season games.

The Montreal Canadiens won the Stanley Cup in a four-game sweep of the Winnipeg Jets. it was the Canadiens' first title since 1974. An unusually high number of shorthanded goals (28) were scored in the 81 playoff games of 1995. In addition, 7 hat-tricks were recorded in the 1995 Playoffs.

The shortened season ended much later than usual. For the first and, as of 2007, the only time in NHL history, the Stanley Cup Finals concluded after the Summer Solstice. Despite the late end to the playoffs, only 79 total playoff games were held, the lowest number to date under the "16 wins" playoff format.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points"

"Note: GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points"

"Note: GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points"
The NHL Awards presentation took place on July 6, 1995.
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1994–95 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark debut in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1994–95 (listed with their last team):



Gentoo

Gentoo may mean:

1993–94 NHL season

The 1993–94 NHL season was the 77th regular season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-six teams each played 84 games. The New York Islanders were the Stanley Cup champions. It was the Islanders' second championship. In addition, the final game started the 1994 Stanley Cup riots in Downtown Vancouver.

The play of Martin Brodeur of the New Jersey Devils and Dominik Hasek of the Buffalo Sabres brought in a new era of goaltending dominance in the NHL. Only three teams reached the 300-goal plateau, and only one team, the Detroit Red Wings, averaged more than four goals scored per game. Goaltenders combined for 99 shutouts during the regular season.

This was the first and only season (as of the 2007-08 season) that all 4 former WHA teams (Edmonton, Hartford, Quebec, Winnipeg) missed the playoffs since joining in 1979.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points"

"Note: x = clinched playoff berth, y = clinched division title, z = won Presidents' Trophy"

The NHL Awards presentation took place on June 16, 1994.
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1993–94 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1993–94 (listed with their last team):



1940–41 NHL season

The 1940–41 NHL season was the 24th season of the National Hockey League. Seven teams each played 48 games. The Boston Bruins were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the Detroit Red Wings four games to none in the final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1940–41 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1940–41 (listed with their last team):


Khetrani language

Khetrani, also called Khetranki, is an Indo-Aryan dialect-variety which shares features with both Punjabi and Sindhi; and is, sometimes, considered to be a mix of both. It is natively spoken in northeastern region of the Pakistani province of Balochistan along the borders with Punjab and Sindhi. It is mostly spoken in the Barkhan district but also in neighbouring districts, it is spoken by the Khetran people. About 200,000 people speak it.

Ladakh

Ladakh ("land of high passes") is a Union Territory in northern India. It is located between the Karakoram mountain range in the north and the main Himalayas to the south. Ladakh is well-known for its remote mountain scenery. It is inhabited by a mix of Indo-Aryan and Tibetan people. Their language is an archaic dialect of the Tibetan language. It is sometimes called "Little Tibet", because it has been strongly influenced by Tibetan culture. Ladakh is one of the least populated regions in the area.

Ladakh region borders Tibet to the east, Lahaul and Spiti to the south, and Kashmir, Jammu and Baltistan to the west.

In the past, Ladakh was important for trade. It was where several important trade routes met. However, China closed the border with Tibet in the 1960s, and since then, international trade has suffered. Tourism is an exception, and it has been very important for Ladakh's economy since about 1974. Because the wider region is a part of the Kashmir conflict, the Indian military has a strong presence in Ladakh.

The largest town in Ladakh is Leh. Ladakh's most population are followers of Shia Islam and rest majority is Buddhists which are 35%of population. Leh is followed by Kargil as the second largest town in Ladakh. Some Ladakhi activists have in recent times called for Ladakh to be made into a union territory because of its religious and cultural differences with Kashmir, which is mostly Muslim. Under Jammu and Kashmir Reorganisation Act, 2019 Ladakh was declared as a separate union territory.

Ladakh is a high plateau. Much of it is over 3,000 m (9,800 ft) above sea level. It spans the Himalayan and Karakoram mountain ranges and the upper Indus River valley. The Indus is the most important part of Ladakh for its people. Most major historical and current towns (Shey, Leh, Basgo and Tingmosgang) are located close to the Indus River. The stretch of the Indus flowing through Ladakh is the only part of this river in India, most of the river is in Pakistan. The river is sacred in Hindu religion and culture.

Like the land itself, the people of Ladakh are generally quite different from those of the rest of India. The faces and physique of the Ladakhis, and the clothes they wear, are more akin to those of Tibet and Baltistan than of India. The original population may have been Dards, an Indo-Aryan race down from the Indus and the Gilgit area

About 46% are Buddhist by faith. Just over 47% are Muslim, and 6% are Hindu. Kargil District is Muslim-majority and Leh District is Buddhist-majority within Ladakh. They traditionally lead a nomadic pastoral life. About 90% of them depend on agriculture based on the Indus River for their livelihood. Barley, wheat, buckwheat, peas, rapeseed and beans are the main agricultural products. Apples and apricots are grown in warmer regions of low altitude.

Another occupation of the people is sheep-rearing. The herdsmen are called Chang-pas. They rear long-haired goats and sheep from whose under-fleece the famous Kashmiri Pashmina shawls are made. Chang-pas live in tents and are nomadic, going from place to place in search of pastures. The people are keenly interested in trade. Wool, in raw form is their chief commercial product. The men travel long distances, seeking favourable prices for their wares, which consist of salt, dry fruits and cultured pearls and semi-precious stones. In return they get tea, tobacco, grain, sugar and other essential goods.

Playing polo on fast-racing ponies is the most popular entertainment in Ladakh, the game was introduced in Ladakh by the Balti emperor's of Makpon. The horse is not changed with each chukker (chukka) as in western style polo, but each player carries on with the same sturdy pony. Primitive wooden balls are still used for the game, played on a rough, uneven pitch whose popularity persists in Ladakh.

Ladakh offers the hunters exotic hunts of the markhor, ibex, red bear, snow leopard, wild sheep, antelope, gazelle and marmot. Ladakh is also rich in minerals like gold, copper and semi-precious

Ladakh is also known as land of high passes in India. It has a greater diversity of animal and plants. Vegetation is extremely sparse in Ladakh except along streambeds and wetlands, on high slopes, and in irrigated places. The first European to study the wildlife of this region was Ferdinand Stoliczka, an Austrian-Czech palaeontologist, who carried out a massive expedition there in the 1870s.

The fauna of Ladakh has much in common with that of Central Asia in general and that of the Tibetan Plateau in particular. Exceptions to this are the birds, many of which migrate from the warmer parts of India to spend the summer in Ladakh. For such an arid area, Ladakh has a great diversity of birds — a total of 225 species have been recorded. Many species of finches, robins, redstarts (like the black redstart), and the hoopoe are common in summer. The brown-headed gull is seen in summer on the river Indus and on some lakes of the Changthang. Resident water-birds include the brahminy duck also known as the ruddy sheldrake and the bar-headed goose. The black-necked crane, a rare species found scattered in the Tibetan plateau, is also found in parts of Ladakh. Other birds include the raven, Eurasian magpie, red-billed chough, Tibetan snowcock, and chukar. The lammergeier and the golden eagle are common raptors here specially in Changthang region.

At the Partition of India in 1949, the territory (then called Jammu and Kashmir) was split between India and Pakistan. India lost part of it to China as result of the Sino-Indian War, of 1962.

Ladakhi

Ladakhi (ལ་དྭགས་སྐད་) is a language spoken by the Ladakhi people in India, Pakistan, and China. Ladakhi is closely related to Balti, a language spoken in the neighboring region of Baltistan in Pakistan. The two major dialects of Ladakhi are Zangskari and Changthang. The Ladakhi language is also locally known as "Bhoti" or "Bhotia" and has been known by that by the Indian government. Ladakhi contains many loanwords from Kashmiri and Hindi. Ladakhi is spoken by 15,000 people in India, 12,000 China and about 900 in Pakistan.

Norco (medication)

Norco is a medicine to help with pain. It is a mixture of two medicines- hydrocodone and acetaminophen.

OD

OD is a two-letter abbreviation and can mean any of the following:

Non abbreviated meanings of OD are as follows:

Sunspot

A sunspot is an area of high magnetic activity, on the surface of the Sun. Sunspots produce bright light, but not as much as the surface around them, so they appear dark by comparison. They are cooler than the rest of the sun. Some are small, and some are ten times bigger than Earth. 

A sunspot cycle of eleven years has been found, with changes in activity. Every 11 years the number of sunspots increases, and later declines. Sunspots on one cycle are magnetically different from the next, so the total sunspot cycle is 22 years. This cycle has been seen since the 18th century. Before that time, for over a hundred years, there were very few sunspots. Astronomers do not know what caused this "Maunder Minimum". 

Chinese astronomers said they could see sunspots. On 17 March 802 the monk Adelmus saw a big sunspot, which he could see for eight days. Adelmus thought that Mercury was going in front of the Sun and making a black spot. When astronomers started using telescopes, most agreed that something was passing in front of the Sun. Galileo Galilei in 1612 guessed that there were actual spots on the Sun and that they showed that the Sun was turning.

The first cyclic changes of sunspots was seen by Heinrich Schwabe, and made Rudolf Wolf study them carefully, starting in 1848. Also in 1848, Joseph Henry showed a picture of the Sun and made sure that sunspots were cooler than the rest of the Sun (they are about 7000 degrees Fahrenheit, 4000 C). They are still very hot, but much cooler than the rest of the Sun's surface.

Sunspots are cooler than the rest of the Sun. But many scientists think that when there are many sunspots, the Sun actually gets "hotter". This affects the weather here on Earth, and also radio reception. If this is true, then without sunspots, the Earth might become cooler. In the same way, if there were more sunspots, the Earth might become hotter, and there could be less rain. This would make more droughts on the Earth. Droughts are a long time with no rain. Without rain, crops that people eat would not grow. Scientists study sunspots and other solar phenomena, so they can know what they do to Earth. The temperature of a sunspot is 4780°K. This is cold when compared to other areas on the surface of sun.


Emergency exit

An emergency exit in a building is an exit for emergencies, such as a fire.
Emergency exits can be found in a number of places such as buildings, planes, schools, or anywhere else where there may be a large number of people in a small space.


Crystal radio

A crystal radio, sometimes called a crystal set, is a very simple AM (or rarely FM) radio receiver, that does not need batteries to work. A long wire antenna gathers enough of the radio signals from nearby transmitters to power a crystal diode, which demodulates the signals, and plays them as sound through an earphone or small headset. 

Crystal radios have come and gone many times in history. They were built in the early days of radio broadcasting by amateurs, and people who could not afford a well-made radio. They became popular again during the Great Depression, when money was scarce. During World War II, American soldiers built "foxhole radios" that used a razor blade and pencil point instead of a crystal. (German and Italian troops had equipment to detect normal superheterodyne radio receivers working, so an alternate choice was a wise one.)

After the war ended, amateurs built more crystal sets, and children began to make them as science and hobby projects. Later during the Vietnam War prisoners of war again built simple radios, and soldiers used Slinky springs as antennas.

Hobby clubs still exist, that give information to persons who want to build a crystal radio or similar radio project.


Bengali language movement

The Bengali Language Movement (also called the Language Movement) were protests by people living in Bangladesh, which was part of Pakistan during that time. The people living in Bangladesh started protesting because they did not like that the government of Pakistan made Urdu the official language, which they did not speak. The government responded to the protests by making meetings outside illegally . At the height of the movement on 21 February 1952, police killed students that were protesting. The Shaheed Minar was a monument built to honor these students.

Bengali did become an official language on 29 February 1956. This day is celebrated by Bangladesh as Language Movement Day.

March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom

The March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom was a rally held on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. on 28 August 1963. It was where Martin Luther King, Jr gave his famous I Have a Dream speech. After the march, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the National Voting Rights Act of 1965 were passed. There were over 200,000 people there, both black and white.

The march was first planned by A. Philip Randolph, who was the president of the Negro American Labor Council, and vice president of the AFL-CIO. He had planned another civil rights march in 1941, but it never happened. However, the threat of the march was a big reason why President Roosevelt wrote Executive Order 8802. This forced equal opportunity in the defense industry, which meant that all workers had to be treated the same, no matter what their race was.

Other leaders of civil rights movement helped Randolph plan the march and spread the word to their members. Some of the most important were James Farmer, (president of the Congress of Racial Equality), John Lewis (president of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee), Martin Luther King, Jr. (president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference), Roy Wilkins (president of the NAACP), and Whitney Young (president of the National Urban League)..

Many people were worried for the marchers' safety. Black nationalist leader Malcolm X sent an open telegram to George Lincoln Rockwell, the leader of the Nazi Party in the United States. Malcolm wrote:

The Washington DC Police department looked for black police officers from around the country to protect King during the march and speeches. They thought the presence of black officers would be more calming if trouble broke out.


Dolls

Dolls are models of human beings, usually toys.

Dolls could also mean:


The Dolls could mean:


Doll

A doll is a child's toy that looks like a baby or other human being. Dolls have been around since the beginning of human civilization, and have been made from many different types of materials, like stone, clay, wood, bone, cloth and paper, to porcelain, china, rubber and plastic.

While dolls are usually for children, they are also collected by adults, for remembering things from the past, their beauty, their historical importance or their financial value (being worth money). In ancient times, dolls were used as symbols of a deity (god), and played an important role in religious ceremonies and rituals. 

Lifelike or anatomically correct dolls are used by health professionals, medical schools, and social workers to train doctors and nurses in different health procedures or to find out about cases of sexual abuse of children. Artists sometimes use jointed mannequins or ball-jointed dolls in drawing the human body. Action figures are types of dolls that represent superheroes and military people are particularly popular among boys. There are baby dolls, paper dolls, rag dolls, talking dolls, fashion dolls and many others.

Theodore Long

Theodore Robert Rufus Long (born September 15, 1947) is an American former professional wrestling referee and manager. He is best known for his long time with the WWE where he served as the General Manager of "SmackDown!" and "ECW".

Long started out as an errand boy for wrestlers Tommy Rich and Abdullah the Butcher. He eventually became a member of the ringcrew and was promoted to referee in the NWA's Jim Crockett Promotions in 1985 as Teddy Long. In 1989, Long began a heel turn when he started to bend the rules for the heels. At the Chi-Town Rumble event, Teddy Long ran in and counted three, making Ricky Steamboat the NWA World Champion. On April 2, 1989 at the "Clash of Champions" in New Orleans, Long blatantly made a fast count allowing Mike Rotunda & "Dr. Death" Steve Williams to defeat the Road Warriors for the NWA World Tag Team Championship. After this match, the National Wrestling Alliance stopped Long refereeing. He became a talent scout/manager. 

Long became the manager of "Doom" (Ron Simmons and Butch Reed) and led them to the World Tag Team Titles. He also managed Chris Jericho, Johnny B. Badd, One Man Gang, Norman the Lunatic, "The Skyscrapers" (Sid Vicious, Dan Spivey & Mark Callaway), Marcus Bagwell, 2 Cold Scorpio, Joey Maggs, Craig Pittman, Jim Powers, Bobby Walker, Ice Train and Bobby Eaton while in Jim Crockett Promotions and WCW.

Long performed as a referee in WWF from the late 1990s until September 2002, when he was taken off the road.

He was re-packaged as a manager and perhaps his most notable managing stint in this period came when managing D'Lo Brown, Rodney Mack, Christopher Nowinski, Rosey, Mark Henry and Jazz at different times, telling fans to get "Down wit' da Brown" and to "Back da Mack." He played a stereotypical "held-down" minority, using ebonics (such as, "Don't be drinkin' that Hate-orade." and "You know I'd look good on the dolla dolla bill.") His stable would be referred to by fans as "Thuggin' & Buggin' Enterprises." When he was drafted to "SmackDown!", he managed his second white wrestler, Mark Jindrak.

After Kurt Angle was fired from the General Manager position in July 2004, Long became the new and first African-American General Manager of "SmackDown!." Unlike other WWE managers, such as Eric Bischoff and Mr. McMahon, his new position saw him as a face, giving the fans what they wanted and making matches that put heels at disadvantages, notably John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL). At first, he continued use of his "Hate-orade" talk, but less aggressively, and with humor. One example was when he stripped Booker T of the US Championship for "drinkin' Hate-orade." 

As part of the "RAW" vs. "SmackDown!" feud, Long defeated then "RAW" GM Eric Bischoff at "Survivor Series 2005" with the help of The Boogeyman. 

However, Theodore Long still had problems with Booker T and his defense of the United States title. Booker T attempted to get out of title defenses on a number of occasions by pretending to be injured, and having other wrestlers fight on his behalf. At "No Way Out 2006", Booker was told to face Chris Benoit or be stripped of the US title. Benoit won the match and was congratulated by Theodore Long. 

After Randy Orton had cheated to obtain Rey Mysterio's title shot at "WrestleMania 22", Long placed Mysterio back in the match and made it a Triple Threat Match, at the same time warning Orton that he could still remove Orton from the match if he disobeyed Long.

At "Judgment Day 2006" Long fired Melina & Johnny Nitro from "SmackDown!." On the following "SmackDown!", JBL suffered the same fate after losing the United States Championship to Bobby Lashley, and then losing a World Heavyweight Championship to Rey Mysterio in his "Judgment Day" rematch.

On the September 4, 2006 episode of "RAW", Long appeared to a tremendous ovation in his hometown. During a six-person, intergender tag match between Randy Orton, Edge, and Lita against Trish Stratus, Carlito, and John Cena, some fans chanted Theodore's name.

In April 2007, Long became the on-screen boyfriend of Kristal, after weeks flirting with each other backstage. Long then began to look for an assistant so he could spend more time with Kristal, eventually revealing Vickie Guerrero as his new assistant on May 25, 2007, an appointment made partly at Kristal's request. On the June 22, 2007 episode of "SmackDown!", Long asked Kristal to marry him. Kristal ran out of the ring, crying, but later agreed to (kayfabe) marry him. On the July 27, 2007 edition of "Smackdown!", Ron Simmons was named the best man for "Theodore Rufus Long" and Kristal's wedding on the September 21, 2007 edition of "SmackDown!" emanating from Long's hometown of Atlanta, Georgia. However, the wedding was not completed due to constant disruptions and Long having a (kayfabe) heart attack just as he started to say "I do". He then fell in to a (kayfabe) coma. Long returned on the November 30, 2007 edition of "SmackDown!" as the Assistant General Manager and made a match at Armageddon for the World Heavyweight Championship In September 2007, Long was demoted from General Manager of SmackDown!, to Assistant General Manager, while Vickie Guerrero moved into the General Manager position by Mr. McMahon stating "The Show must go on". On May 16, 2008, Long quit his role of Assistant General Manager after months of abuse by GM Guerrero who treated Teddy "as a personal servant rather than the Assistant General Manager of SmackDown!" in Teddy's words. On the June 3, 2008 edition of "ECW", it was announced that Long had become the new General Manager of the ECW brand by order of the WWE Board of Directors.

On June 12, 2014, Long was released from his WWE contract.



When Long became General Manager, he revived old and made new match types: 





Long is married to Stephanie Keller and together they have three children together and six grandchildren. The two have been married since 1982. 


Bobcat

The bobcat ("Lynx rufus") is a fierce cat that lives in forests, swamps, mountains, prairie, and deserts in much parts of North America. Bobcats are generally nocturnal (most active at night), but are most active at dawn and dusk. They spend the day in their den (a cave, hollow log or rock crevice). They are very good climbers and swimmers. Bobcats usually live from 10 to 14 years. Bobcats and lynxes are closely related.

The Bobcat has powerful jaws and long, pointed canine teeth. It has sharp, retractable claws, big short ears, and a spotted coat. Many bobcats have long tufts of hair at the tip of the ears that improve the cat's hearing. The brown eyes have round pupils. These graceful cats are from 24 to 40 inches (60–100 cm) long (including the tail). The stubby tail is only 4 to 7 inches (10–18 cm) long, and looks as though it was cut off (or bobbed). This is what this cat is named for. They are nocturnal (that means active at night) and elusive so they are rarely seen by humans.

Bobcats are carnivores (meat-eaters). These fast, solitary hunters eat small mammals (like rabbits, hares, rodents, weasels and even deer), birds, fish, and eggs. Bobcats stalk their prey, and then pounce onto it. They can leap up to 10 feet (3 m). They can often kill their prey with one very powerful bite.

Emergency medical technician

An emergency medical technician (EMT) is someone who works on an ambulance and takes care of sick and hurt people. EMTs used to be called "ambulance drivers," since much of their work is bringing people to an emergency room. Their other main duty is first aid including:

In the United States, each state decides what their EMTs can do. EMTs in every state are allowed to perform first aid. Each state has different rules for exactly what their EMTs can do. These rules are called "treatment protocols". For example:


Kuru (disease)

Kuru is a disease caused by cannibalism, formerly thought to be caused by specifically eating human brains, but is actually caused by eating any human meat. It is also known as the "laughing sickness" due to the pathologic bursts of laughter that the patient displays.

Kuru was found in Papua New Guinea, among members of the Fore tribe. The word "kuru" means "trembling with fear" in the Fore language.

Kuru, Finland

Kuru is a former municipality in the Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 2005, there were 2,774 people living in Kuru.
Tampere is 50 km to the south.

Most of the Seitseminen National Park is in the municipality of Kuru. 

In 2009, it is part of the town of Ylöjärvi.


It Is Well with My Soul

"It Is Well With My Soul" is a hymn written by hymn-writer Horatio Spafford and composed by Philip Bliss. Spafford wrote the song right after his four daughters died by the sinking of the "S.S. Ville Du Havre".


Jackson Township, New Jersey

Jackson Township is a township in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. The Township of Jackson was named after Andrew Jackson. About 58,000 people lived there as of the year 2020.


Jackson

Jackson may refer to:







Geography:

Jackson (name)

Jackson is a common patronymic family name in English speaking countries, meaning "son of Jack". The pronunciation of the name is [ jak-s"uh"n ]. It is less common as a given name. This name was ranked #14 on the US Popular Names in 2021. People with the name Jackson include:











Pistosaurus

Pistosaurus is a genus of marine sauropterygian reptiles. It is a Nothosaur, a relative of the plesiosaurs.

"Pistosaurus" was a advanced nothosaur-like body with a plesiosaur-like head. Is presently known only from the Middle Triassic. Even if it is a nothosaur it is acknowledged to be closely related to the ancestors of plesiosaurs.

The head also resembled that of a plesiosaur, but with the primitive palate of a nothosaur, and numerous, sharp teeth ideal for catching and eating fish.

Although it is unlikely that "Pistosaurus" was a direct ancestor of the plesiosaurs, the mixture of features suggests that it was closely related to that group.

Party

A party is a social gathering for celebration and recreation. Some are to celebrate a special day, person, or event.


LNER Class A4

The LNER Class A4 was a type of steam locomotive made in England in 1935. It was designed by Sir Nigel Gresley for the London North Eastern Railway. 35 locomotives were built in total. 

They were designed to be very fast and had a very sleek shape. One of them, 4468 "Mallard", is the fastest steam locomotive ever made. It set a world speed record of 126 mph (202.7 km/h) on July 3, 1938.

Six A4s still exist today. The rest were scrapped when steam stopped being used to power trains in Britain.


Old Firm

The Old Firm is the name given to the relationship between two football teams in Scotland, Rangers F.C. and Celtic F.C.

The Old Firm have a lot of history, possibly dating back to around 1888, Celtic's first match, which was against Rangers, when a newspaper report stated that both sets of players "got on so well that you would believe that they were old firm friends." However, William J. Murray states that the term comes from the commercial benefits of the two clubs' rivalry, which were viewed with distaste in some parts in the early days of the game
The two clubs are the most successful in Scotland, having won between them 63 Scottish Cups and 93 Scottish Premier League championships (as of 2007). The two clubs normally compete four times a year in the SPL and are regularly drawn against each other in the two Scottish cup competitions.

The clubs' have large support bases around Glasgow, but also have supporters clubs in most towns throughout Scotland and in many cities around the world. The presence of Rangers and Celtic has been estimated to be worth £120 million to the Scottish economy.

The two clubs' fan bases have historically been divided on religious lines. Celtic are supported by Catholics, while Rangers are supported by Protestants.

There have been many high profile players to play for both sides of the Old Firm. The most recent players to do so are Kenny Miller, Maurice Johnston, Steven Pressley, Mark Brown and Barry Robson. Kenny Miller is the first player in the modern era to cross the Old Firm divide twice, having played for Rangers then Celtic, then moving back to Rangers.

Gretna F.C.

Gretna Football Club is a former Scottish football club from Gretna, Dumfries and Galloway that was founded in 1946.

Despite being based in Scotland, the club played in English football between 1947 and 2002. The club was elected to the Scottish Football League at the third attempt in 2002. Under the ownership of businessman Brooks Mileson, who invested millions of pounds in what was a village team, the club went from the Third Division side to the Scottish Premier League (SPL) in less than five years.

While in the SPL, however, the club were placed in administration after Mileson withdrew his financial support. The club finished in the relegation position in the SPL. At the end of the season, all of the club's staff were made redundant and the club was initially relegated to the Third Division due to their inability to guarantee fulfilment of their 2008-09 fixtures. 

After this demotion, the one remaining potential buyer withdrew their offer to buy the club. In the belief that Gretna has ceased to exist, they resigned their place in the Scottish Football League on June 3.

Labour

Labor might mean:



Pillar (band)

Pillar is a Grammy-nominated Christian rock band from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Pillar has used several genres, such as hard rock, rapcore, and alternative metal.



Captain (sports)

In team sports, a captain is a title given to the member of the team who has to make choices about strategy and teamwork while a game is happening.

This is most important when a game's rules say that the coach of a team cannot tell the players what they should do while a game is being played.

In some sports, team captains may have to talk with game officials about the way the rules are applied.

RAR (disambiguation)

RAR may refer to the following:


Zip

zip or ZIP may mean:


ZIP (file format)

The ZIP file format is a popular lossless data compression and archival format created by Phil Katz, founder of PKWARE. A ZIP file contains one or more files that have been compressed, to reduce their file size, or stored as-is. A number of compression algorithms are permitted in zip files but in 2008 only DEFLATE is widely used and supported.

ZIP files generally use the file extensions ".zip" or ".ZIP" and the MIME media type codice_1. Some software uses the ZIP file format as a wrapper for a large number of small items in a specific structure. Generally when this is done a different file extension is used.

Ben Roethlisberger

Benjamin Todd Roethlisberger (born March 2, 1982, in Lima, Ohio), nicknamed Big Ben, is an American football quarterback. He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers in the National Football League.

Roethlisberger was the captain of his high school's football team, basketball team, and baseball team. He did not play football as a quarterback until his last year in high school.

Roethlisberger played college football for Miami University in Oxford. In 2003, Roethlisberger led his team to an unbeaten record, a Number 10 ranking in the Associated Press poll and a 49-28 victory over Louisville in the 2003 GMAC Bowl.

Roethlisberger was chosen by the Steelers in the 2004 NFL Draft. He earned the National Football League's "Rookie of the Year Award" in 2005.

On February 5, 2006, Roethlisberger became the youngest quarterback in NFL history to win a Super Bowl. He helped the Steelers to a 21-10 victory over the Seattle Seahawks in the fortieth Super Bowl. He was only 23 years old at the time. He played in his first Pro Bowl in 2007. Roethlisberger led the Steelers to a second Super Bowl title in four seasons as they defeated the Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII, 27-23, after he made a game-winning touchdown pass to Santonio Holmes in the final 35 seconds.

On January 27, 2022, Roethlisberger announced that he was retiring from the NFL.

Bubble

Bubble could mean:










Staphylococcus aureus

Staphylococcus aureus (also "S. aureus", from the Greek σταφυλόκοκκος, “grape-cluster berry”, Latin aureus, “golden”) is a Gram-positive, round shaped bacterium appearing in grape-like clusters, often living on the skin or in the nose of a person, as well as in the lower reproductive tract of women. It is anaerobic, which means that it can grow without an oxygen atmosphere. Although "S. aureus" lives as a normal inhabitant on the human body, it can become an opportunistic pathogen. This means that if people have a weakened immune system, they can become ill from "S. aureus" infections. It causes a variety of illnesses, from skin and joint infections to respiratory infections, and food poisoning. Some of the diseases caused can be life threatening, like meningitis, bacteremia and toxic shock syndrome. "S. aureus" is a very common cause of infection in hospitals.

"S. aureus" infections can spread through skin-to-skin contact with an infected person, contact with objects touched by an infected person, and through contact with pus from an infected wound. As symptoms begins to show, the patient is contagious for 2 weeks, with the illness lasting overall a few weeks. If untreated, the infection can be deadly. To avoid "S. aureus" infections, hygiene measures such as daily showers or baths and frequent hand washing with soap are advised.

Some strains of "S. aureus" have become increasingly resistant to antibiotic treatment, for example methicillin-resistant "S. aureus" (MRSA). No vaccine for "S. aureus" has been developed.

"S. aureus" was discovered in 1880 by a Scottish surgeon, Alexander Ogston. He called it Staphylococcus because of its round, grape-like appearance under a microscope. In 1884, Friedrich Julius Rosenbach identified the Staphylococcus aureus strain from a related bacterium. Before 1940, infections with this pathogen were fatal. However, as penicillin was developed, doctors found that it could cure "S. aureus" infections. By the end of the decade, "S. aureus" became widely resistant to penicillin.

The evolution of "S. aureus" enabled it to be carried in human hosts without causing infections, allowing it to be widespread among the population. There are many health factors that affect this, which may include age, sex, diabetes and smoking, alongside genetic variations. Therefore, whether strains of "S. aureus" become invasive depends on human factors.

1950–51 NHL season

The 1950–51 NHL season was the 34th season of the National Hockey League. Six teams each played 70 games. The Toronto Maple Leafs defeated the Montreal Canadiens four games to one for the Stanley Cup to win their fifth Cup in seven years.

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
"Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes played; GA = Goals against; SO = Shut outs; AVG = Goals against average"
"All dates in 1951"

The second ranked Toronto Maple Leafs eliminated the fourth ranked Boston Bruins in five games, and the third ranked Montreal Canadiens upset first overall Detroit Red Wings in six, setting up a Leafs – Canadiens Stanley Cup final series, won by the Leafs 4–1.

Boston Bruins vs. Toronto Maple Leafs
"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Montreal Canadiens vs. Detroit Red Wings

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Montreal Canadiens vs. Toronto Maple Leafs
"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1950–51 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1950–51 (listed with their last team):


Seabed

The seabed (also sea floor, seafloor, or ocean floor) is the bottom of the ocean. The ocean floor has been explored by submarines and to some extent scuba divers. 

Housing

A housing may mean an enclosure containing some equipment or mechanism. 

Housing means places to live, such as dwellings and houses. In many countries governments will make rules about housing. 

Housing may be owned by the people who live in in - owner-occupiers. They may have taken out debts - mortgage - to buy it.

It may be rented from a private landlord who owns it.

It may be public housing, owned or managed by the government. This is usually affordable housing, places to live that the average person can afford to purchase or rent

Tied housing means a house which goes with a job.

People who cannot live on their own may be put in residential accommodation.

Housing in the centres of cities in many countries is becoming very expensive - so expensive that people with children cannot afford to live there. 

See also

The Telling

The Telling is a 2000 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K. Le Guin and is set in her fictional world called the "Hainish Cycle". It tells the story of Sutty, an Earthling sent to be an Ekumen observer, on the planet Aka, and her experiences.

Anti-tobacco movement in Nazi Germany

Nazi Germany started a strong anti-tobacco movement and led the first public anti-smoking campaign in modern history. In 1940, German scientists found a link between smoking tobacco, and lung cancer. 

Anti-tobacco movements grew in many countries from the beginning of the 20th century. But all these had little success. The only exception was Germany where it was supported by the government after the Nazis came to power. It was the most powerful anti-smoking movement in the world in the 1930s and early 1940s. The Nazi leaders opposed smoking and some of them openly said what is wrong with tobacco consumption. Research on smoking and its effects on health got better under Nazi rule and was the most important of its type at that time. Adolf Hitler did not like tobacco and the Nazi reproductive policies were among the causes due to which the Nazis started their campaign against smoking. This campaign was linked with antisemitism and racism.

The Nazi anti-tobacco campaign used many methods like restrictions on smoking in public spaces, limiting tobacco advertising, restrictions on tobacco rations for women, restrictions on restaurants and coffeehouses, promoting health education, banning smoking in trams, buses and city trains, limiting cigarette rations in the Wehrmacht, organizing medical lectures for soldiers and increasing the tobacco tax. The anti-tobacco movement did not have much effect in the early years of the Nazi rule. Tobacco use increased between 1933 and 1939. But smoking by military personnel declined from 1939 to 1945. This anti-smoking campaign was more powerful and serious than the anti-tobacco movement in Germany at the beginning of the 21st century.

Anti-tobacco thoughts existed in Germany in the early 1900s. People who disliked smoking formed the first anti-tobacco group in the country named the "Deutscher Tabakgegnerverein zum Schutze der Nichtraucher" (German Tobacco Opponents' Association for the Protection of Non-smokers). Established in 1904, this organization existed for a brief period only. The next anti-tobacco organization, the "Bund Deutscher Tabakgegner" (Federation of German Tobacco Opponents), was established in 1910 in Trautenau, Bohemia. Other anti-smoking organizations were established in 1912 in the cities of Hanover and Dresden. In 1920, a "Bund Deutscher Tabakgegner in der Tschechoslowakei" (Federation of German Tobacco Opponents in Czechoslovakia) was formed in Prague, after Czechoslovakia was separated from Austria at the end of World War I. A "Bund Deutscher Tabakgegner in Deutschösterreich" (Federation of German Tobacco Opponents in Austria) was established in Graz in 1920.

These groups published journals advocating nonsmoking. The first such German language journal was "Der Tabakgegner" (The Tobacco Opponent), published by the Bohemian organization between 1912 and 1932. The "Deutsche Tabakgegner" (German Tobacco Opponents) was published in Dresden from 1919 to 1935, and was the second journal on this issue. The anti-tobacco organizations were also against drinking of alcohol.

Adolf Hitler was a heavy smoker in his early life, smoking 25 to 40 cigarettes daily. He gave up when he realized it was a waste of money. In later years, Hitler viewed smoking as "decadent" (meaning that it was bad for his health) and "the wrath of the Red Man against the White Man, vengeance for having been given hard liquor". He was sad that "so many excellent men have been lost to tobacco poisoning". He was unhappy because both Eva Braun and Martin Bormann were smokers and was concerned over Hermann Göring's continued smoking in public places. He was angered when a statue of Göring showed a cigar in his mouth. Hitler is often considered to be the first national leader to advocate nonsmoking.

Hitler disapproved of the military personnel's freedom to smoke, and during World War II he said on March 2, 1942, "it was a mistake, traceable to the army leadership at the time, at the beginning of the war". He also said that it was "not correct to say that a soldier cannot live without smoking". He promised to end the use of tobacco in the military after the end of the war. Hitler personally encouraged close friends not to smoke and rewarded those who quit smoking. However, Hitler's dislike for tobacco was only one of several reasons behind the anti-smoking campaign.

The Nazi reproductive policies were an important factor behind their anti-tobacco campaign. Women who smoked were considered to be more likely to age prematurely, and lose physical attractiveness; they were viewed as unsuitable to be wives and mothers in a German family. Werner Huttig of the Nazi Party's "Rassenpolitisches Amt" (Office of Racial Politics) claimed smoking mothers' breast milk contained nicotine. Martin Staemmler, an important doctor during the Third Reich, said that smoking by pregnant women resulted in a higher rate of stillbirths and miscarriages. This was supported by the well-known female racial hygienist Agnes Bluhm, in her book published in 1936. The Nazi leadership was concerned about this because they wanted German women to give birth. An article published in a German gynecology journal in 1943 stated that women smoking three or more cigarettes per day were more likely to remain childless compared to nonsmoking women.

Research and studies on tobacco's effects on the population's health were more advanced in Germany than in any other nation by the time the Nazis came to power. The link between lung cancer and tobacco was first proved in Nazi Germany, contrary to the popular belief that American and British scientists first discovered it in the 1950s. The term "passive smoking" (""Passivrauchen"") was coined in Nazi Germany. Research projects funded by the Nazis revealed many disastrous effects of smoking on health. Nazi Germany supported epidemiological research on the harmful effects of tobacco use. Hitler personally gave financial support to the "Wissenschaftliches Institut zur Erforschung der Tabakgefahren" (Scientific Institute for the Study of Tobacco Hazards) at the University of Jena, headed by Karl Astel. Established in 1941, it was the most significant anti-tobacco institute in Nazi Germany.

Franz H. Müller in 1939 and E. Schairer in 1943 first used case-control epidemiological methods to study lung cancer among smokers. In 1939, Müller published a study report in a reputed cancer journal in Germany claiming that prevalence of lung cancer was higher among smokers. Müller, described as the "forgotten father of experimental epidemiology", was a member of the National Socialist Motor Corps (NSKK) and the National Socialist German Workers’ Party (NSDAP). Müller's 1939 medical dissertation was the world's first controlled epidemiological study of the relationship between tobacco and lung cancer. Apart from mentioning the increasing incidents of lung cancer and many of the causes behind it such as dust, exhaust gas from cars, tuberculosis, X-ray and pollutants emitted from factories, Müller's paper pointed out that "the significance of tobacco smoke has been pushed more and more into the foreground".

Physicians in the Third Reich were aware that smoking is responsible for cardiac diseases, which were considered to be the most serious diseases resulting from smoking. The use of nicotine was sometimes considered to be responsible for increased reports of myocardial infarction in the country. In the later years of World War II, researchers considered nicotine a factor behind the coronary heart failures suffered by a significant number of military personnel in the Eastern Front. A pathologist of the Heer examined thirty-two young soldiers who had died from myocardial infarction at the front, and documented in a 1944 report that all of them were "enthusiastic smokers". He cited the opinion of pathologist Franz Buchner that cigarettes are "a coronary poison of the first order."

The Nazis used several public relations tactics to convince the general population of Germany not to smoke. Well-known health magazines like the "Gesundes Volk" (Healthy People), "Volksgesundheit" (People's Health) and "Gesundes Leben" (Healthy Life) published warnings about the health consequences of smoking and posters showing the harmful effects of tobacco were displayed. Anti-smoking messages were sent to the people in their workplaces, often with the help of the Hitler-Jugend (HJ) and the Bund Deutscher Mädel (BDM). The anti-smoking campaign undertaken by the Nazis also included health education. In June 1939, a Bureau against the Hazards of Alcohol and Tobacco was formed and the "Reichsstelle für Rauschgiftbekämpfung" (Bureau for the Struggle against Addictive Drugs) also helped in the anti-tobacco campaign. Articles advocating nonsmoking were published in the magazines "Die Genussgifte" (The Drugs for Enjoyment), "Auf der Wacht" (On the Guard) and "Reine Luft" (Clean Air). Out of these magazines, "Reine Luft" was the main journal of the Nazi anti-tobacco movement.

After recognizing the harmful effects of smoking on health, several items of anti-smoking legislation were enacted. The later 1930s increasingly saw anti-tobacco laws implemented by the Nazis. In 1938, the Luftwaffe and the Reichspost imposed a ban on smoking. Smoking was also banned not only in health care institutions but also in several public offices and in rest homes. Midwives were restricted from smoking while on duty. In 1939, the Nazi Party outlawed smoking in all of its offices' premises, and Heinrich Himmler, the then chief of the Schutzstaffel (SS), restricted police personnel and SS officers from smoking while they were on duty. Smoking was also outlawed in schools.

In 1941, tobacco smoking in trams was outlawed in sixty German cities. Smoking was also outlawed in bomb shelters; however, some shelters had separate rooms for smoking. Special care was taken to prevent women from smoking. The President of the Medical Association in Germany announced, "German women don't smoke". Pregnant women and women below the age of 25 and over the age of 55 were not given tobacco ration cards during World War II. Restrictions on selling tobacco products to women were imposed on the hospitality and food retailing industry. Anti-tobacco films aimed at women were publicly aired. Editorials discussing the issue of smoking and its effects were published in newspapers. Strict measures were taken in this regard and a district department of the National Socialist Factory Cell Organization (NSBO) announced that it would expel female members who smoked publicly. The next step in the anti-tobacco campaign came in July 1943, when public smoking for persons under the age of 18 was outlawed. In the next year, smoking in buses and city trains was made illegal, on the personal initiative of Hitler, who feared female ticket takers might be the victims of passive smoking.

Restrictions were imposed on the advertisement of tobacco products, enacted on December 7, 1941, and signed by Heinrich Hunke, the President of the Advertising Council. Advertisements trying to depict smoking as harmless or as an expression of masculinity were banned. Ridiculing anti-tobacco activists was also outlawed, as was the use of advertising posters along rail tracks, in rural regions, stadiums, and racing tracks. Advertising by loudspeakers and mail was also prohibited.

Restrictions on smoking were also introduced in the Wehrmacht. Cigarette rations in the military were limited to six per soldier per day. Extra cigarettes were often sold to the soldiers, especially when there was no military advance or retreat in the battleground, however, these were restricted to 50 for each person per month. Access to cigarettes was not allowed for the Wehrmacht's female auxiliary personnel. Medical lectures were arranged to persuade military personnel to quit smoking. An ordinance enacted on November 3, 1941, raised tobacco taxes by approximately 80–95% of the retail price. It would be the highest rise in tobacco taxes in Germany for more than 25 years after the collapse of the Nazi regime.

The early anti-smoking campaign was thought to be a failure, and from 1933 to 1937 there was a rapid increase in tobacco consumption in Germany. The rate of smoking in the nation increased faster even than in neighboring France, where the anti-tobacco movement was tiny and far less influential. Between 1932 and 1939, per capita cigarette consumption in Germany increased from 570 to 900 per year, while the corresponding numbers for France were from 570 to 630.

The cigarette manufacturing companies in Germany made several attempts to weaken the anti-tobacco campaign. They made new journals and tried to show the anti-tobacco movement as "fanatic" and "unscientific". The tobacco industry also tried to counter the government campaign to prevent women from smoking and used smoking models in their advertisements. Despite government regulations, many women in Germany regularly smoked, including the wives of many high-ranking Nazi officials. For instance, Magda Goebbels smoked even while she was interviewed by a journalist. Fashion illustrations displaying women with cigarettes were often published in prominent publications such as the "Beyers Mode für Alle" (Beyers Fashion For All). The cover of the popular song "Lili Marleen" featured singer Lale Andersen holding a cigarette.

The Nazis implemented more anti-tobacco policies at the end of the 1930s and by the early years of World War II, the rate of tobacco usage declined. As a result of the anti-tobacco measures implemented in the Wehrmacht, the total tobacco consumption by soldiers decreased between 1939 and 1945. According to a survey conducted in 1944, the number of smokers increased in the Wehrmacht, but average tobacco consumption per military personnel declined by 23.4% compared to the immediate pre-World War II years. The number of people who smoked 30 or more cigarettes per day declined from 4.4% to 0.3%.

The Nazi anti-tobacco policies were not exempt of contradictions. For example, the "Volksgesundheit" (People's Health) and "Gesundheitspflicht" (Duty to be Healthy) policies were enforced in parallel with the active distribution of cigarettes to people who the Nazis saw "deserving" groups (e.g. frontline soldiers, members of the Hitler Youth). "Undeserving" and stigmatized groups (Jews, war prisoners), however, were denied access to tobacco.

Apart from public health concerns, the Nazis were heavily influenced by ideology; specifically, the movement was influenced by concepts of racial hygiene and bodily purity. Nazi leaders believed that it was wrong for the master race to smoke and that tobacco consumption was equal to "racial degeneracy". The Nazis viewed tobacco as a "genetic poison". Racial hygienists opposed tobacco use, fearing that it would "corrupt" the "German germ plasm". Nazi anti-tobacco activists often tried to depict tobacco as a "vice" of the "degenerate" Africans.

the Nazis claimed that the Jews were responsible for introducing tobacco and its harmful effects. The Seventh-day Adventist Church in Germany announced that smoking was an unhealthy vice spread by the Jews. Johann von Leers, editor of the "Nordische Welt" (Nordic World), during the opening ceremony of the "Wissenschaftliches Institut zur Erforschung der Tabakgefahren" in 1941, proclaimed that "Jewish capitalism" was responsible for the spread of tobacco use across Europe. He said that the first tobacco on German soil was brought by the Jews and that they controlled the tobacco industry in Amsterdam, the principal European entry point of "Nicotiana".

After the collapse of Nazi Germany at the end of World War II, American cigarette manufacturers quickly entered the German market. Illegal smuggling of tobacco became prevalent, and leaders of the Nazi anti-smoking campaign were silenced. In 1949, approximately 400  million cigarettes manufactured in the United States entered Germany illegally every month. In 1954, nearly two billion Swiss cigarettes were smuggled into Germany and Italy. As part of the Marshall Plan, the United States sent free tobacco to Germany; the amount of tobacco shipped into Germany in 1948 was 24,000 tons and was as high as 69,000  tons in 1949. The Federal government of the United States spent $70  million on this scheme, to the delight of cigarette manufacturing companies in the United States, who profited hugely. Per capita yearly cigarette consumption post-war Germany steadily rose from 460 in 1950 to 1,523 in 1963. The present-day anti-tobacco campaign in Germany has been unable to exceed the seriousness of the Nazi-era climax in the years 1939–41 and German tobacco health research at the end of the 20th century is described by Robert N. Proctor as "muted".



1992–93 NHL season

The 1992–93 NHL season was the 76th regular season of the National Hockey League. Each player wore a patch on their jersey throughout the 1992–93 regular season and playoffs to commemorate the one hundredth anniversary of the Stanley Cup. Twenty-four teams played 84 games each. It proved, at the time, to be the highest-scoring regular season in NHL history, as a total of 7,311 goals were scored. Twenty of the twenty-four teams scored three goals or more per game, and only two teams, the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Chicago Blackhawks, allowed fewer than three goals per game. Only 63 shutouts were recorded during the regular season. The Quebec Nordiques won their 2nd Cup by defeating the Edmonton Oilers four games to three. As of the end of the 2007–08 season, this is the last time that a Canadian team has won the Stanley Cup.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points"

"Note: x = clinched playoff berth, z = won Presidents' Trophy"


"Buffalo wins best-of-seven series 4–0"


"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–2"


"Pittsburgh wins best-of-seven series 4–1"


"NYI win best-of-seven series 4–2"


"St. Louis wins best-of-seven series 4–0"


"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4–3"


"Vancouver wins best-of-seven series 4–2"


"Los Angeles wins best-of-seven series 4–2"


"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–0"


"New York Islanders win best-of-seven series 4–3"


"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4–3"


"Los Angeles wins best-of-seven series 4–2"


"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–1"


"Los Angeles wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–1. Patrick Roy (Montreal) wins Conn Smythe Trophy"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1992–93 (listed with their first team):
The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1992–93 (listed with their last team):


Athanasian Creed

The Athanasian Creed is a Christian statement of faith. It is also often referred to as Quicumque vult (can be translated as "Whoever wants", the first two words of the statement). It is the first known creed to talk about trinity. It has been in use since the 6th century, mainly in the western part of the Church. It is not used very much today, the Nicene Creed has largely replaced it.

From about the 9th century people thought that St. Athanasius had written it. Athanasus lived in the 4th century in Egypt.
Today, this view is largely seen as false. This is because of the following:

Today, most people think it came from Gaul around the year 500. Its positions are similar to those taken by St. Ambrose of Milan, Augustine of Hippo or Vincent of Lérins. J.N.D. Kelly, a contemporary patristics scholar, believes that St. Vincent of Lérins was not its author, but suggests that it may have come from the same bacground, namely the area of Lerins in southern Gaul. Caesarius of Arles is one of the possible authors. 

The oldest surviving manuscripts of the Athanasian creed date from the late 8th century.

Martin Luther said there were three statements of faith, the Nicene Creed ("Credo in unum deum", "I believe in one god.."), the Te Deum ("Te Deum Laudamus...", "Thee, O Lord, we praise"), and the Athanasian Creed. 

The creed starts:

It explains Trinity, in such a way to stand against positions such as Arianism. It has the filioque.

It ends

Acanthopholis

Acanthopholis (meaning "spiny scales") was an armoured ankylosaurian dinosaur. This quadrupedal plant-eating dinosaur had its armour in rows of oval plates set into its skin. It also had spikes jutting out of its neck and shoulder area along the spine. It was about 15 feet long (4 m) and weighed roughly 380 kg.

The first specimen was found in 1865 by fossil collector John Griffiths on the shoreline at Folkestone. The stratum was Cambridge Greensand, a formation in the Lower Cretaceous of southern England. At the time England was part of a huge tropical river delta, and the Greensand was laid down just offshore. It seems that dinosaurs were on the shoreline or the river delta, and sometimes their bodies washed out to sea.


Noasaurus

Noasaurus was a small meat-eating dinosaur. It lived at a time when some of the biggest dinosaurs ever to live were roaming South America. Although it had some of the same characteristics as raptors that lived in North America and Asia, it was not a close relative. This little hunter is a good example of how dinosaurs filled lots of roles in the environment. Not only were dinosaurs the biggest hunters, but they were also among the smallest.

It was discovered by Jaime Powell and José Bonaparte in northwestern Argentina. Its unique foot claw has caused a great deal of discussion regarding the evolutionary lineage of this dinosaur.

Astrodon

Astrodon (meaning "star-tooth") was a long-necked plant-eating dinosaur, a relation of "Brachiosaurus". The sauropod was about 30 feet (9 m) long. It lived during the Lower Cretaceous period, about 130 million to 120 million years ago. "Astrodon" is known from teeth and scattered bones found in Maryland. Astrodon is the state dinosaur of Maryland. "Astrodon" was named by Johnston in 1859. The type species is "A. johnstoni". "Astrodon" may be the same as "Pleurocoelus".

Carpenter and Tidwell (2005) accepted Hatcher's argument that there is only one species of sauropod dinosaur known from the Arundel Formation and that "Astrodon johnstoni" is it. Interestingly, the majority of the bones of "Astrodon" are of juveniles, and Carpenter and Tidwell considered the two species named by Marsh, "P. nanus" and "P. altus", as different growth stages of "Astrodon johnstoni".

Dirty

Dirty could mean:

Mill (currency)

A mill, mil or mille is 1/10th of a US cent or 1/1000th of a US Dollar. In the United States, it is most used in gasoline prices. For example $4.119 per US gallon. $0.009 is equal to nine mils. It is also used when discussing taxes on land and prices of electricity.

OpenSUSE

openSUSE () is a community project, sponsored by Novell and AMD, to develop and maintain a general purpose Linux distribution. After taking over SUSE Linux in January 2004, Novell decided to release the SUSE Linux Professional product as a 100% open source project, involving the community in the development process. The initial release was a beta version of SUSE Linux 10.0, and as of January 2016 the current stable release is openSUSE Leap 42.1

OpenSUSE 11.1 has full support for 32-bit i586 and 64-bit x86-64 PC hardware, as well as PowerPC (PPC) processors. The basic requirements for non-PPC hardware is as follows:


Older processors that still belong to the i586 family can be used, for example the AMD K6/2. When extra language/translation files and documentation are removed and X is not needed, decent console-based router systems can be made using 300 MB disk space. Most console workloads also cope with 128 MB of RAM at the cost of increased swap activity in tight situations.

OpenSUSE's official software package repository includes, for example, UNetbootin.

Boer War

Boer War might mean:


Pioneer movement

Pioneer movements are movements for children and adolescents. They were founded in countries where there is a Communist party. Many of the ideas are taken from the scout movement.
In most communist countries, people can choose if they want to be members of the pioneer movement or not. There are many differences between a pioneer movement, and the scout movement. Scout movements are independent of governments. They are also not controlled by the state. For example, there were no separate organizations for boys and girls. During the time of the USSR, thousands of Young Pioneer camps and Young Pioneer Palaces were built. These could only be used by Young Pioneers. The camps and palaces were also free of charge, it did not cost any money to use them. The government and trade unions sponsored them. There were many newspapers and magazines published for Young Pioneers. Some sold millions of copies.

Certain features, however, are similar to the Scout movement. The two movements share some principles like preparedness and promotion of sports and outdoor skills. The pioneer movement also includes teaching of communist principles. Opponents of Communist states claim that this is a form of indoctrination.

A member of the movement is known as a pioneer, and a scarf – typically red, but sometimes light blue – is the traditional item of clothing worn by a pioneer. The pioneer organization is often named after a famous party member that is considered a suitable role model for young communists. 

In the USSR it was Lenin; in East Germany, it was Ernst Thälmann. The Thälmann pioneers were taught the slogan "Ernst Thälmann is my role model. We wear our red scarf with pride."Albania, which had severed diplomatic relations with the USSR since 1961, also had a certain variant of Pioneer organization, called Pioneers of Enver, named after the communist ruler of Albania, Enver Hoxha.

Today, the following countries have pioneer movements:

Older children could continue in other communist organizations, but that would typically be done only by a limited number of people.



Peter Lalor

Peter Lalor (February 5, 1827 – February 9, 1889) was the leader of the Eureka Stockade rebellion, one of Australia's few violent protests and seen by many as the start of democracy in Australia. He later became an important politician in Victoria.

Lalor was born at Tenakill, Queens County, Ireland into a large family, active in Irish politics. His father Patrick, represented Queens County in the House of Commons. Peter was educated in Dublin and became a civil engineer. With political unrest in Ireland, and the chance of getting rich in on the Australian goldfields, he left Ireland with his brother, Richard, and went to Victoria, Australia, in 1852. They worked on building the railway between Melbourne and Geelong. In 1853 Peter went to the Ovens River looking for gold, and Richard went back to Ireland where he later became a member of parliament. Peter Lalor went into business selling wine and tobacco in Melbourne, but decided to go to Ballarat to look for gold in 1854. He set up camp on the Eureka Lead, at East Ballarat, which was settled by many miners from Ireland.

In 1854 the miners were working in the goldfields (the area where gold was being found) became very angry about the cost of a gold mining license. In Ballarat the miners started the Ballarat Reform League and demanded changes to the laws. Lalor was the chairman of the Reform League. After on particularly brutal hunt for licenses on November 30, 1854, the miners met together at Bakery Hill to demand the League do something to protect them from the police violence. None of the usual speakers were at the meeting, so Lalor stepped forward and gave a rousing speech. The rebel miners flew their new Eureka Flag.

They promised to protect each other, and their rights and liberties. He told the miners to get weapons and be ready in case they were attacked by the police and government troops. Lalor became the new leader of the League. They built a small fort, or stockade, at Eureka in east Ballarat. This fort, the Eureka Stockade was attacked by 275 government soldiers at 3:00am on December 3, 1854. Twenty-two miners were killed, and Lalor was badly hurt. Friends hid him from the soldiers and he was able to get away. His left arm had to be amputated.

After Eureka, Lalor was hidden in Geelong until the police and eager bounty hunters concluded looking for him. The government changed the laws, and miners on the goldfields were able to elect people to Parliament. Lalor was elected in November 1855. As part of the democratic changes, Victoria got a constitution in 1856 and Lalor was elected to the new Parliament. His political views were not as democratic as the Ballarat miners wanted. He was against giving every one the right to vote and he wanted some people in the parliament to be appointed, not elected. Lalor became a the person in charge of several mining companies. He even supported wage cuts for miners working in his mines. He was seen as more interested in money and power than in people's rights. In 1859 he changed his seat in parliament to another area, and did not represent the Ballarat miners again.

In January 1871 Lalor lost his seat in an election. He was made Chairman of the Clunes Water Commission with the job of getting water for the town of Clunes. He was voted back into parliament again in 1874. In 1875 he became Postmaster General (in charge of the postal service) and later Commissioner for Trade and Customs. From 1880 to 1887 he was Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Lalor's wife and daughter died in 1887, he was also sick with diabetes, so he stopped being Speaker, but stayed as representative for South Grant until his death.

After his death, Peter Lalor is remembered with a statue in Ballarat (at the corner of Sturt and Dawson Streets), a suburb of Melbourne is named after him, and there is also a division, Lalor, of the Australian Parliament named after him.

Knoppix

Knoppix, stylized KNOPPIX, is a Linux distribution based on Debian designed to be started directly from a CD / DVD. Knoppix is one of the best-known Live Distros. It was developed by Linux consultant Klaus Knopper. When starting a program it is loaded from the optical disc and decompressed into a RAM drive. The decompression is transparent and on-the-fly.


Johor

Johor (last time known as Johore, Jawi script: جوهر) is a state of Malaysia. It is one of the most developed states in Malaysia. The capital city and royal seat of Johor is Johor Bahru, once known as Tanjung Puteri. The old state capital is Johor Lama. The Arabic honorific of the state is Darul Ta'zim ("Abode of Dignity'). Johor is surrounded by Pahang to the north, Melaka and Negeri Sembilan to the northwest, and the Straits of Johor to the south which is divided by the international border between Malaysia and the Republic of Singapore. Tanjung Piai, in the district of Pontian, is the most southerly point of mainland Asia.

The name "Johor" came from the Arabic word "Jauhar", 'gem/precious stone' . Before the name Johor was taken up, the area south of the Muar River to Singapore island was known as "Ujung Tanah" or 'land's end' in Malay, due to its location at the end of the Malay Peninsula. Coincidentally, Johor is the most southerly point of the Asian continental mainland.

Johor has three ports: Pasir Gudang Port, Port of Tanjung Pelepas and Tanjung Langsat Port.

Johor has one international airport, the Senai International Airport in Senai. It was opened on 6 June 1974 and has been expanded several times ever since. Currently, it has a 5 million passenger capacity with parallel taxiway under construction.

The airport is also a regional hub of AirAsia, a regional low-cost no-frills airline. Malaysia Airlines also operate flights from Senai airport to some local and international destinations.

Johor is a constitutional monarchy. It was the first state in Malaysia which adopted the constitutional monarchy system, and its laws are stated in "Undang-undang Tubuh Negeri Johor" (Johor State Establishment Constitution), written by Sultan Abu Bakar. The constitutional head of Johor is the Sultan. This position can only be passed down and held by a member of the Johor Royal Family, who is descended from Sultan Abu Bakar. The State's Sultan since 1981 has been Sultan Iskandar Al-Haj.

Johor was the first state and currently the only state in Malaysia that has its own military force called Johor Military Force or 'Timbalan Setia Negeri'. It is a private army of the Sultan of Johor paid by the state government.

The state government is led by the Chief Minister or Menteri Besar. The current Chief Minister is Dato' Abdul Ghani Othman, a former civil servant. The Chief Minister is assisted by an executive council (exco), whose members are selected from the state assembly members.

The legislative branch of Johor's government is the Johor State Assembly. The state assembly makes laws in matters on the state. Members of the assembly are elected every five years in an election.

Among the popular tourist destinations in Johor are:

Johor is also known for its national parks. Johor currently has five national parks, with a combined area of more than 700 km² and several smaller recreational forest. Almost all recreational parks are based around a mountain. Johor also has the third largest mangrove forest reserve in Peninsular Malaysia (167 km²).

In the official census of 2010, the population of Johor was 3.35 million people with 48% Malays, 40% Chinese, 8% Indians and 4% others. It is the fifth largest state (18,984 km²) of Malaysia. It is the southernmost state in Peninsular Malaysia being South of Melaka, Negeri Sembilan and Pahang and North of Straits of Johor. The highest point in Johor is Gunung (mountain) Ledang (1276 m). Gunung Ledang is also known as Mount Ophir. Johor is the only state in Malaysia which has a 400 km beach stretching on both the East and the West coast.

Johor has 8 large islands with numerous smaller ones.

Johor experiences wet equatorial weather with monsoon rain from Nov until Feb blowing from the South China Sea. Average annual rainfall is 1778 mm with average temperature of between 25.5 °C (78 °F) and 27.8 °C (82 °F). Humidity is between 82 and 86%.

On 19 December 2006, continuously heavy downpour occurred in Johor. Many towns such as Muar, Kota Tinggi and Segamat were seriously flooded with water levels as high as above ground level recorded in some areas. 15 lives were lost and many possessions were destroyed and this resulted in huge financial losses in Johor. More than 100,000 victims were evacuated to flood relief centres.

Johor is connected to Singapore by two roads: the Johor-Singapore Causeway and the Malaysia-Singapore Second Link.

The Johor-Singapore Causeway (length: 1038 m) was designed by Messrs Coode, Fizmaurice, Wilson and Mitchell of Westminster, while the construction contract was awarded to Topham, Jones & Railton Ltd of London. It started in 1909 as a railway link by Johor State Railway to connect Johor Bahru to Singapore, then the administrative headquarters of British interests in South-East Asia. Construction of the road section started in 1919 and was completed in 1923.


Clavicle

The clavicle, or collarbone, is a long bone that is part of the shoulder. It connects the arm to the main part of the body. It is a support for the scapula bone and helps the arm to hang freely. This allows the arm to have a lot of movement. The clavicle is made from sponge-like bone, called cancellous bone, and is covered with a hard shell of bone. Most mammals and many other land vertebrates have clavicles.

"Clavicle" is a formal scientific term. Normally we use the term "collarbone", both in everyday speech and literary fiction.


Emergency contraception

Emergency contraception is a form of contraception that can be taken by the woman after sex. Emergency contraception can not protect against sexually transmitted diseases. Emergency contraception may prevent a pregnancy. The drugs that are used for emergency contraception are based on hormones. 

Emergency contraception needs to be applied soon after the unprotected sex. If it is not applied within about 3 days (72 hours) after the event, it will no longer help to prevent pregnancy. The sooner the drug is taken after unprotected sex, the more effective it is.

The drugs work by either:

It is estimated that these drugs may prevent 85% of expected pregnancies.

The drugs will not work if the woman is already pregnant. The drugs will also not work for preventing pregnancy from unprotected sex again in the same menstrual cycle.

Often the drugs are available in pharmacies. In some countries, the affected person needs to talk to a healthcare professional (a doctor or a pharmacist). After this counseling, the drugs can be obtained.

Emergency contraception is not a form of abortion. Abortion is only possible when a pregnancy has started. This means that the ovum has been fertilized, and that it has attached itself to the lining of the womb. Contraception is about preventing a pregnancy. There are certain pills, for example those containing Mifepristone which are taken as a form of abortion.



Reason

Reason or reasoning is a way of thinking that uses logic and facts. People can use reason to decide what is true or best. It is different from obeying tradition or emotions to decide what things are best or true. In common English, it is using your head instead of your heart. 

Reason has been an important part of philosophy since Ancient Greece. Many philosophers have thought about what reason is, and how to think using reason (Logic). Also, they have thought if religious thinking and faith are ways of reasoning, what we can know if we only use reason (Epistemology), and if animals or computers can think using reason. 

Paul Kruger

Stephanus Johannes Paulus Kruger (or just Paul Kruger) (10 October 1825–14 July 1904) was the president of the South African Republic (sometimes incorrectly referred to as the Transvaal) from 1883 to 1900. He became famous for leading the Boers against the British at the time of the Second Boer War.

Kruger grew up on his grandfather's farm. He worked as a commando (a soldier defending farms), and became a respected leader.

In 1877 the British Army took control of Transvaal, and Kruger became the leader of the resistance (the people who wanted to fight British control). On 30 December 1880, the government of the South African Republic (Transvaal) elected (chose) him to be president. In 1881 Kruger negotiated (talked with the enemy) to agree the peace.
Kruger travelled to Europe, where many people respected him.

The Second Boer War began in 1899, and Kruger had to escape to Europe in October 1900. He moved to Clarens in Switzerland, where he died in 1904. People took his body back to South Africa and buried him in Church Street Cemetery in Pretoria.

Bridgeview, Illinois

Bridgeview is a village in Illinois in the United States. It is the home of the Major League Soccer team the Chicago Fire.

Xfce

Xfce () is a free software desktop environment for Unix and other Unix-like platforms, such as Linux, Solaris and BSD. It is made to be fast and lightweight, while still looking nice and easy to use.

The current version, 4.12, is modular and reusable. It is based on the GTK+ 2 toolkit (formerly used in GNOME). It uses the Xfwm window manager, described below. Its configuration is entirely mouse-driven, and the configuration files are hidden from the casual user.

Olivier Fourdan started the project in 1996. The name "Xfce" originally stood for "XForms Common Environment", but after that Xfce has been rewritten twice and no longer uses that toolkit. The name survived, but it is no longer capitalized as "XFCE", but rather as "Xfce".

Starting with version 4.2, the window manager of Xfce, Xfwm, integrates its own "compositing manager". Other compositing managers exist, but have been very unstable, and Xfce was the first to put its own compositing manager into the window manager. At its beginning, many users called it the most stable one available, though at the time, in late 2004, xcompmgr was the only other compositing manager available.

While not as common in Linux distributions as the KDE and GNOME desktop environments, there are still some distributions where Xfce is the default desktop environment, and most support it as an optional part.

These distributions include Xfce in their default environment:


Jammu region

Jammu Region (Panjabi: ਜੰਮੂ ਸੂਬਾ) is one of the three regions comprising Kashmir's southernmost area of Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir. Jammu division borders Vale of Kashmir, the disputed part of the state, to the north, Ladakh region to the east, and Himachal Pradesh to the south. Sandwiched between the Vale of Kashmir to the north and the Daman Koh Plains to the south, the Margalla hills range of the foothills of the Himalayas which comprises most of the disputed region in Jammu. The Pir Panjal Range, the Trikuta Hills and the low-lying Tawi River of the branch Chenab River basin add beauty and diversity to the terrain of Jammu.

Jammu, the winter capital of the maharajas and second largest city in the territory, was traditionally the seat of Dogra power. Of the total population of Jammu, more than two-thirds are classed as Dogra Hindus. Of these, the greater number live in the southeastern portion of the state. Culturally, ethnically, and linguistically, they are Panjabi-speaking peoples.. Majority speaks the Dogri, a dialect of Panjabi. The majority of the state’s Sikhs also live in the Jammu region. To the north-west, however, the proportion of Muslims increases, with Muslims making up a dominant majority in the area around the western town of Poonch District.

Jammu is the only region in the state (Jammu & Kashmir) that has a sizeable Hindu minority population. About 56% of its Jammu's population practices Islam while 31% practices 29% Sikhism. Although Islam and Sikhism enjoy a very strong cultural heritage with neighbouring Punjab (Pakistan) in the wider region. Most Hindus are either Dogras or Kashmiri Hindus who migrated from the Kashmir Valley. The Sikhs are Dogras, Panjabi. Jammu is now well connected with the rest of India by rail, road and air, making it far better connected than the rest of the regions in the state through Gurdaspur District.

Linux Mint

Linux Mint is a Linux distribution for desktop computers based on and compatible with Debian or Ubuntu.

While at the core Linux Mint is mostly based on Ubuntu, the design of the desktop and User interface are very different. These differences include a very unique desktop theme, a custom Linux Mint menu and the MintTools, a collection of system tools designed to make managing the computer easier for users.

Originally, Linux Mint did not follow a predictable release cycle. The project first defined the goals for the next release, and when all the goals are achieved a beta is released and a date is announced for the stable release. Recently however, it has been decided that Linux Mint will be with the 6 month Ubuntu release cycle.

Linux Mint is based on Ubuntu and both distributions have a lot in common. Both distributions use the same software repositories. For instance, release 2.2 (“Bianca”) uses the package pools of Ubuntu “Edgy Eft” (6.10). Most packages are the same on both distributions and the two systems behave almost identically.

Most differences are on the desktop. Ubuntu and Linux Mint both focus on usability, but "Linux Mint" offers a different user experience, and it includes a number of applications that are not available in Ubuntu (see aforementioned Mint Tools).

Many popular multimedia codecs are installed by default in Linux Mint. Ubuntu, and many other gratis GNU/Linux distributions, do not distribute these codecs with the initial install media due to patent encumberment issues.

Ubuntu has a vastly larger support community than Linux Mint. However, the majority of Ubuntu help and advice is also applicable to Linux Mint. Ubuntu supports more languages from the Live CD, and comes with better localization.

Linux Mint Debian Edition, also known as LMDE, is a version of Linux Mint that is based on Debian. The reason it is developed is to make sure Linux Mint gives the same experience if Ubuntu disappears. It also helps test software made by Mint's developers to make sure they are compatible outside of Ubuntu.

LMDE is designed to look and have the same experience as the normal versions of Linux Mint, without Ubuntu, with packages being provided by Debian instead.



1991–92 NHL season

The 1991–92 NHL season was the 75th regular season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-two teams each played 80 games. The Stanley Cup winners were the Pittsburgh Penguins, who won the best of seven series 4–1 against the defending-champion Edmonton Oilers. The championship was the first for the Penguins.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"

"Note: All dates in 1992"

As part of the NHL's 75th anniversary celebration, throwback uniforms were worn by Original Six teams for select games, and throwbacks were also worn for the All-Star Game.

The uniform styles that were worn include:
Boston Bruins - circa 1933
Chicago Blackhawks - circa 1940
Detroit Red Wings - circa 1928
Montreal Canadiens - circa 1926
New York Rangers - circa 1940
Toronto Maple Leafs - circa 1940
Wales All-Stars - white All-Star jersey circa 1952
Campbell All-Stars - red All-Star jersey circa 1952

The throwback uniforms would have an impact on future seasons in the NHL, as several teams adopted throwbacks as alternate jerseys. The National Football League and National Basketball Association would follow the NHL's lead, with teams wearing throwbacks to celebrate their leagues' 75th and 50th anniversaries, respectively.

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1991–92 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1991–92 (listed with their last team):



Dilong paradoxus

Dilong ('emperor dragon') is a genus of small carnivorous dinosaur. The only known species is "Dilong paradoxus". It is from Lower Cretaceous near Lujiatun, Beipiao, in the western Liaoning province of China It lived about 130 million years ago.

The animal had a covering of simple feathers or protofeathers. The feathers were seen in fossilized skin impressions from near the jaw and tail. They are not identical to modern bird feathers: they lack a central shaft. Their likely function was to retain body warmth. They could not have been used for flight. Adult tyrannosaurs found in Alberta and Mongolia have skin impressions which appear to show the pebbly scales typical of other dinosaurs. 

1990–91 NHL season

The 1990–91 NHL season was the 74th regular season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. The Stanley Cup winners were the Detroit Red Wings, who won the best of seven series 4–2 against the New York Islanders. the Red Wings defeated the Winnipeg Jets to become the first Smythe Division team to appear in the Stanley Cup Finals since all the teams were moved around in 1981. The championship was the tenth in Red Wings history. having won their previous title in 1987. A record high 92 playoff games were held, and for the first time since the 1973 playoffs, no team was beat in four games in a playoff series.

This was the last NHL season to end in the month of May.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: All dates in 1991"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1990–91 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):


The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1990–91 (listed with their last team):



Eddie Giacomin

Edward Giacomin (born June 6, 1939 in Sudbury, Ontario) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the New York Rangers and Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League, as well as for the Providence Reds of the American Hockey League. Giacomin's sweater number, #1, was the second one retired by the Rangers, after Rod Gilbert.
Giacomin grew up in Gatchell, a small town near Sudbury. When Giacomin was a teenager, a kitchen stove exploded and heavily burned him. The doctors advised him to stop hoping to play hockey professionally.




World Hockey Association

The World Hockey Association () was a professional ice hockey league that operated in North America from 1972 to 1979. It was the first major competition for the National Hockey League (NHL) since the end of the Western Hockey League after the 1925-26 WHL season. Although the WHA was not the first league since that time to attempt to challenge the NHL's hold as the top league, it was by far the most successful. 

List of WHA players and executives inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame, for achievements in their hockey career.

This is a list of the trophies and awards handed out annually by the World Hockey Association.

Three Canadian teams completed all seven WHA seasons based in the same city, and were the same three Canadian teams that ultimately joined the NHL. The other WHA team to enter the NHL, the Whalers, were the only other WHA team to play all of its home games over seven seasons within a relatively small geographical area. Of the original 12 WHA franchises, only the Winnipeg Jets remained for all seven seasons without relocating, changing team names, or folding.

Every season of the World Hockey Association had an All-Star game, but the format had changed with regularity. 


National Hockey Association

The National Hockey Association (NHA), officially the National Hockey Association of Canada Limited, was a professional ice hockey league with teams in Ontario and Quebec, Canada. It is directly related to today's National Hockey League.

Gray

Gray is the color of black and white mixed together. 

Gray is the color of an elephant, cement, pencil writing, and rainy clouds. Gray often looks like someone made black lighter, but not so light that it is white.

Gray color represents neutrality, ambiguity and balance. When it is not clear whether something is legal or illegal, acceptable or not acceptable, it is said it is in a "gray zone". 

The first recorded use of "gray" as a color name in English was in 700. 


The chart below shows those shades of gray that are major web colors.


Cent (currency)

In many currencies, the cent is a monetary unit that is the same as 1/100 of the normal unit. In the United States, it is also called a penny. The penny has the image of Abraham Lincoln on it.

Several countries no longer produce coins of such small value. 

Gilles Villemure

Gilles Villemure (born May 30, 1940, in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He played for the New York Rangers and Chicago Black Hawks in the 1960s and 1970s.


Gary Smith

Gary Edward Smith (born February 4, 1944) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender, was born in Ottawa, Ontario, on February 4, 1944. Gary is a son of Des Smith and brother of Brian Smith, both former National Hockey League (NHL) players. Gary played for numerous clubs, including the Chicago Black Hawks, Oakland Seals, Toronto Maple Leafs, Vancouver Canucks, Washington Capitals and Winnipeg Jets. He was the co-winner of the Vezina Trophy in the 1971–72 NHL season.

Gary Smith won a Memorial Cup with the junior Toronto Marlboros in 1964. Entering the NHL with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1965, and was one of five goalies who played for the Maple Leafs during the 1966–67 regular season, their last Stanley Cup season. 

He eventually earned the nickname "Suitcase" Smith because of the large number of teams he played for. After playing with the not very good California Golden Seals from 1967 to 1971, where he set records in 1970–71 for both the most games played in a single season and most losses in a single season, his first success was sharing the 1971–72 Vezina Trophy with Tony Esposito while with the Chicago Black Hawks. One year later, Smith and Esposito would help the Black Hawks to the Stanley Cup final. 

In 1974–75, he also had a good season with the Vancouver Canucks, with 72 games played and six shutouts. 

Smith later played in the World Hockey Association, and was a teammate of Wayne Gretzky while playing for the Indianapolis Racers. He would be part of the Winnipeg Jets' 1979 Avco World Trophy championship.

Gary Smith’s last coach in Winnipeg was Tom McVie, who coached Smith the previous season while both were with the Washington Capitals.

The Jets played the Edmonton Oilers, led by Wayne Gretzky. When Wayne Gretzky went to his first game at Maple Leaf Gardens, Gary Smith was one of the goalies in the game. The Maple Leafs played the California Seals and Smith was the Seals' goalie. 

Gary Smith gave up the last goal in WHA history to Dave Semenko.


Cent

Cent could mean:



Richard Sevigny

Richard Sevigny (November 4, 1957 in Montreal, Quebec) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens and Quebec Nordiques in the National Hockey League. In the 1979 Stanley Cup Finals Michel Larocque was scheduled to start game two. Laroque was injured during the pre-game warm up and Sevigny was started instead. The Canadiens would win that year and Sevigny's name was engraved on the Stanley Cup before ever playing an NHL game. In the off season Ken Dryden retired, and Richard Sevigny earned a spot on the roster for the 1979–80 NHL season. Richard won the 1981 Vezina Trophy along with Denis Herron and Michel Larocque with Montreal. After being released by the Canadiens in 1984, Sevigny spent the next three seasons between the Quebec Nordiques and their American Hockey League affiliate in Fredericton, New Brunswick before finishing his career in France. He was, before 1990–91, player-coach of the Diables Rouges de Briançon. 

According to hockey legends, Sevigny was quoted as saying that Guy Lafleur would have Wayne Gretzky in his back pocket during the 1981 playoffs, a quote that motivated the Oilers team to victory over the fabled Habs.
Sevigny has involved himself in old-timers charity hockey games and has coached the semi-pro Verdun Dragons.


Te Deum

The "Te Deum" is a Christian hymn. Its original text was in Latin. It is named after the first few words, "Te Deum laudamus" (We praise thee, O Lord). It was probably written around the 4th or 5th century. Most say that either Augustine of Hippo or Ambrose wrote it. Some say it was by Nicetas, bishop of Remesiana. Others have said that the hymn was taken from two (or more) earlier hymns: one to God the Father and another to God the Son. After this idea, the second hymn begins with the phrase "Tu rex gloriae, Christe". The petitions at the end of the hymn (beginning "Salvum fac populum tuum") are from verses from the book of Psalms, added to the original hymn later on.

Te Deum is close in theology to the Apostles' Creed. It has both a poetic view of the heavenly liturgy with a declaration of faith.
"God" is named from the start of the song. The hymn then names all people who praise and respect God, from the hierarchy of heavenly creatures, to Christians who are already in heaven, to the Church in all the world.

Te Deum then returns to its creedal formula, singing about Christ and remembering His birth, suffering, and glorification.
Then the hymn stops singing about praise, both the Church in general and the singer himself, and asks for mercy on past sins, protection from future sin, and the hope to be reunited with Christians in Heaven.

Many people have written music for the text, including Anton Bruckner, Giuseppe Verdi, Hector Berlioz, Antonín Dvořák, Joseph Haydn, Benjamin Britten, and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, just naming a few. Antonio Vivaldi wrote a setting of the Te Deum (RV 622), but it is now lost. The prelude to Charpentier's setting (H.146 in Hugh Wiley Hitchcock's catalogue) is well known in Europe because it is used as the theme music for the European Broadcasting Union, most notably the Eurovision Song Contest. Sir William Walton's Coronation Te Deum was written for the coronation of HM Queen Elizabeth II in 1952. Other English Te Deums have been written, such as the ones by William Byrd, Thomas Tallis, Henry Purcell, three by George Frideric Handel (Utrecht Te Deum, Dettingen Te Deum and Queen's Te Deum) and that of Edward Elgar, his Op. 34. A version by Father Michael Keating is popular with Charismatics. Mark Hayes recently wrote his own version of Te Deum, and British composer John Rutter has composed two, one of them is just titled the traditional "Te Deum," the other "Winchester Te Deum." Igor Stravinsky set the first 12 lines of the text as part of "The Flood" in 1962.

Denis Herron

Denis Herron (born June 18, 1952 in Chambly, Quebec) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens, Kansas City Scouts, and Pittsburgh Penguins in the National Hockey League.

Denis won the 1981 Vezina Trophy with Montreal along with Michel Larocque and Richard Sevigny and in 1982 he won the William M. Jennings Trophy with Rick Wamsley.

Herron finds room at the inn; Ian MacDonald. The Gazette. Montreal, Que.: Dec 23, 2004. pg. C.3

John Hunter

John Hunter (29 August 1737 – 13 March 1821), was a Royal Navy admiral who became the second Governor of New South Wales.

John Hunter was born in Leith, Scotland. His parents were William Hunter and Helen Drummond. He lived for a while with his uncle at Lyn, Norfolk. He studied music with composer Dr. Charles Burney. He started studying at the University of Aberdeen so that he could become a minister in the Church of Scotland. In 1754 he decided to become a sailor and started as the captain's servant in "HMS Grampus". The "Grampus" was a 14 gun sloop.

By 1755 he was an able seaman in the "HMS Centaur", the next year a midshipman on the "HMS Union" and the "HMS Neptune". These were the flagships of Admiral Charles Knowles. In 1757 Hunter took part in an attack on Rochefort. In 1757 he was involved in the attack on Quebec. Hunter passed his exams in navigation and astronomy in 1760 and qualified to be a lieutenant. It took until 1780 to get a job as lieutenant.

Hunter was a midshipman with Admiral Durrell on his flagships, the "HMS Royal Ann", "HMS Princess Amelia" and the "HMS Royal George". Durell made Hunter the master's mate in his new ship, the "HMS Launceston". He served in North America and by 1768 was the ship's master. He served on the "HMS Carysfort" at Jamaica from 1769 to 1771. He went to the East Indies on the "Intrepid" from 1772 to 1774. He then served in the "Kent" and the "Foudroyant". He returned to North America and was on the "HMS Eagle" with Admiral Lord Howe. With Howe's help and support, Hunter was finally made a lieutenant, 20 years after he passed his exams. Officer jobs were hard to get; there were more officers on shore on half pay than there were serving on ships.

John Hunter became lieutenant on the "HMS Berwick" and then on the "HMS Victory". He was made captain of the fireship "HMS Spitfire", and in November 1782, the sloop "HMS Marquis de Seignelay".

Hunter was made the second Captain of "HMS Sirius (1786)", which was to escort the First Fleet taking convicts to settle in Australia. Governor Arthur Phillip was the first captain, but he was also responsible for all the ships. Hunter's job was to be in charge of the "Sirius". Hunter was also to become the Governor of Australia if any thing should have happened to Phillip. After the settlement was set up, Hunter was to return to England in the Sirius. After the fleet arrived at Botany Bay, Hunter and Phillip went off to find a better site, and then moved the fleet to Port Jackson.

Hunter was involved in survey work around the new settlement and as a judge in the new criminal court. Both he and the judge advocate, David Collins, found they were unable to work with the Lieutenant Governor, Major Robert Ross. Hunter was an artist, and kept a sketch book with more than 100 paintings of plants, animals, fish and scenes around Sydney.


Good and bad

The words "good" and "bad" are a basic way of talking about value or ethics. They are often used in different ways to talk about things, people, ideas, or actions as being either good or bad. Many questions about the concepts of "good" and "bad" are studied by philosophers. There are many different beliefs about what is good or bad, or about what the two words really mean. These differences can often be seen in different cultures and religions.

In philosophy, goodness is generally understood in two main kinds: either a thing is good or it is good . For example, eating properly may be good (provable) but eating properly may not be a good (unprovable). This also applies to things that are called bad. The belief that there are such things as good and bad has been a main part of Western philosophy since Plato. However, some philosophers have rejected this belief.

A relative good is something that is good because people say it is good. An absolute good is something that is good because of something in itself. It is good even if there is no one around to see it. For example, an economist may say that the Mona Lisa is a very valuable economic good because it can be sold for a lot of money. A philosopher may say that the painting is good because of how it is painted. The economist sees relative good, because people may later not want to pay for it. The philosopher sees absolute good, because it will always be painted well.

Good and evil are opposites. 
And people have opinions on what things are good and what things are evil. For example, a street artist might think it is good to draw a graffiti on a public building wall, but the owner of this building might consider it evil.

Catechism of the Catholic Church

The Catechism of the Catholic Church, or CCC, is an official explanation of the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church. It was first published in French in 1992 by the authority of Pope John Paul II. The volume, which is a book of over 900 pages, has been translated into many other languages, including English. In 1997, a Latin text was made. The Latin text is now the official text of reference the contents of the first French text were amended at a few points.

The "Compendium of the Catechism of the Catholic Church" was published in 2005, and the first edition in English in 2006. It is a more concise and dialogic (written like a conversation) version of the CCC. The text is available in twelve languages on the Vatican website, which gives the text of the Catechism itself in eight languages.

Derek Jeter

Derek Jeter (born June 26, 1974 in Pequannock Township, New Jersey) is a retired American Major League Baseball player. He played as the captain for the New York Yankees and is an eleven-time All-Star shortstop for the New York Yankees.

Jeter made his major league debut on May 29, 1995 with the New York Yankees against the Seattle Mariners when he was 20 years old. He had been playing with the New York Yankees for 20 years ever since he made it to the majors. He has won many awards such as the American League Rookie of the Year Award, a Silver Slugger Award, and three Gold Glove Awards. In the year 2000, Jeter became the only player to win both the All-Star Game MVP Award and the World Series MVP Award in the same year.

Derek Jeter was born in Pequannock Township, New Jersey, to an African-American father, Dr. Sanderson Charles Jeter; his mother Dorothy is of Irish and German descent. The family lived in North Arlington, New Jersey with his family, before moving to Kalamazoo, Michigan, when he was 4.

Jeter was inspired to play baseball by Hall of Famer Dave Winfield. In high school Derek's Parents wanted him to go to a small Catholic high school but Jeter went to Kalamazoo Central High School.

Jeter was a star player at Kalamazoo Central High School. Jeter earned an All-State honorable mention while he was playing basketball also.

Jeter collected many awards at season's end, including the Kalamazoo Area B'nai B'rith Award for Scholar Athlete, the 1992 High School Player of the Year by the American Baseball Coaches Association, the 1992 Gatorade High School Player of the year award, and USA Today's High School Player of the Year.

In December 2007, Jeter was added to the Kalamazoo Central High School Athletic Hall of Fame.

Although Jeter received a baseball scholarship to attend the University of Michigan, he was drafted by the New York Yankees with the 6th overall pick in the 1992 amateur draft and he chose to try to make it to the majors. Jeter has said that he will eventually go back to college and earn a degree.

Jeter has played a role for the Yankees since 1996. Jeter is one of three current veterans (the others are Jorge Posada and Mariano Rivera) who came up through the Yankees organization, and has played his entire professional career with the Yankees. As the Yankees Shortstop, he is currently the longest-serving position player on the team. As of his current contract, Derek earns $22 million a year in salary, and is the second highest paid endorser in baseball having earned $7 million in endorsements in 2006. Also, he was ranked as the most marketable player in baseball according to an 2005 Sports Business Survey.

On May 29, 1995, Jeter made major league debut against the Seattle Mariners in the Kingdome. He made his first major league hit the following day off veteran pitcher Tim Belcher, and started 13 games before being sent back down to the minors.

He returned on Opening Day of the 1996 season as the starting shortstop (the first Yankee rookie since Tom Tresh in 1962 to do so) and hit his first major-league home run on that day. Coincidentally, his home run was called by another former Yankee shortstop, the late Hall of Famer Phil Rizzuto, with whom Jeter would get guidance from whenever the two met. Jeter played his way to a successful rookie season, hitting for a .314 batting average, 10 home runs, and 78 runs batted in and subsequently earning Rookie of the Year honors.


Boston Braves

Boston Braves may mean to any of the following American professional sports teams:

Task

In common language, a task is something you want to accomplish or finish, such as trying to complete a problem or an assignment. 


D. James Kennedy

Dennis James Kennedy (or D. James Kennedy, November 3, 1930 - September 5, 2007) was an American televangelist and megachurch pastor. He started Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and was the senior pastor there from 1960 until his death in 2007. He began Coral Ridge Ministries in 1974.


In Touch Ministries

In Touch Ministries is an American Christian Evangelical organization started by Charles F. Stanley. Its mission statement was to "lead people worldwide into a growing relationship with Jesus Christ and to strengthen the local church." 


Parramatta

Parramatta is a suburb 23 kilometres west of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Parramatta sits on the bank of the Parramatta River and is in the middle of the Sydney metropolitan area. Parramatta has many facilities such as transport (a major railway station and numerous buses including a free shuttle) and shops (a large shopping centre with major stores such as Woolworths and Coles and many individual stores). It is often a very busy city.


Shortstop

Shortstop (abbreviated as "SS") is a fielding position played in baseball. Shortstop is between second and third base.

List of Major League Baseball teams by payroll

This is a list of Major League Baseball teams, ranked by their total salary as of 2008.

Dave Mustaine

David Mustaine (born September 13, 1961) is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter. He is the frontman of the heavy metal band Megadeth. Mustaine was also a guitarist and songwriter for Metallica. 
David Mustaine was born in La Mesa, California. His parents are Emily and John Mustaine. His father was of French and Finnish descent and his mother was Jewish. He also had three older sisters named Michelle, Suzanne, and Debbie. The Mustaine family were Jehovah's Witnesses.

Mustaine married Pamela Anne Casselberry in 1998. They have a son, Justice Mustaine who also plays guitar and has appeared in several local theatrical productions, and a daughter, Electra Nicole Mustaine.

In 2018, Mustaine said that his neck and spine condition, known as , was caused by many years of headbanging.

In June 2019, Mustaine announced that he had been diagnosed with throat cancer.


Darling River

The Darling River is Australia's longest river. It is part of the Murray-Darling river system, one of the largest in the world, drains all of New South Wales west of the Great Dividing Range, much of northern Victoria, southern Queensland and parts of South Australia.

In 1828 the explorer Charles Sturt was sent by the Governor of New South Wales, Sir Ralph Darling, to find the path of the Macquarie River. He visited the Bogan River and in 1829, the Darling, which he named after the Governor. In 1835 Major Thomas Mitchell traveled the whole length of the Darling.

The Darling does not have an even flow of water. It often dries up, and it sometimes floods. It flows through very dry parts of Australia. In the 1860's the Darling was used by the farmers of western New South Wales to send their wool by boat paddle steamer from Bourke and Wilcannia to South Australia where it could be loaded onto trains at Morgan and Murray Bridge. 


Kanfen

Kanfen is a village in France near Thionville. It is in the Lorraine Region, in the Moselle department, in north-eastern France. The population as of 2007 is about 996.

The first mention of the village is under the name "Cantevanne", in a 1239 text. Later it became Kaufen. In 1801, it changed to Kanfen. The name stayed the same when Alsace-Moselle became part of the German Empire in 1870.

The most likely etymology is a contraction of the Gaulish word "canto" (mountain) and the Germanic radical "Fenn" (marshland).

Kanfen and all of the Thionville region was dependent of the Duchy of Luxembourg. Le Grand Condé took Thionville in 1643. The village became part of the Kingdom of France. This was confirmed by the Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659.

As it was part of Alsace-Moselle, the commune was part of the German Empire from 1871 to 1918. It was annexed by the Third Reich between 1940 and 1944.

Kanfen is next to the Kudertsberg hill, around 230 metres high. The river Kiesel has its source in the village flows through it.

The commune is 12 km north of Thionville and 20 km south of the city of Luxembourg. It is only a few kilometres away from the border with Luxembourg.

The commune regroups Kanfen and Kanfen-sous-Bois.


Erasmus Darwin

Erasmus Darwin (12 December 1731 – 18 April 1802) was a English scientist, poet, inventor and medical doctor. He was a member of the Lunar Society (a group of important scientists and businessmen who were friends). Erasmus Darwin looked at how living things evolved (change over a long time). His grandson, Charles Darwin, later wrote a book that explained evolution by natural selection.

Erasmus Darwin House, his home in Lichfield, is now a museum dedicated to Erasmus Darwin and his life's work. A school in nearby Chasetown recently converted to Academy status and is now known as Erasmus Darwin Academy.

Darwin was born in Elston, near Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire. His father was a lawyer. When Erasmus was a child, he was very interested in nature. He liked clocks and electricity. He understood nature well. He said that people should eat meat during Lent, a Christian time of fasting before Easter when people eat only simple food.

He went to the University of Cambridge, and then studied to be a doctor in Edinburgh. He became a doctor in 1756, and worked in Lichfield in Staffordshire. He worked hard and learned a lot about medicine. Soon, lots of people respected him, and the King, George III asked him to become the Royal Doctor, but Erasmus preferred to stay where he was.

Darwin married twice and had 14 children, including two illegitimate daughters by an employee, and, possibly, at least one further illegitimate daughter. In addition to the five children of his first marriage to Mary Howard (1740–1770), and seven to his second wife, Elizabeth Pole, there are two daughters by the governess Mary Parker, and another probable with a married woman, Lucy Smith.

Darwin formed the "Lichfield Botanical Society" in order to translate the works of the Swedish botanist Carolus Linnaeus from Latin into English. This took seven years. The result was two publications: "A System of Vegetables" between 1783 and 1785, and "The Families of Plants" in 1787. In these volumes, Darwin coined many of the English plant names that we use today.

Darwin then wrote "The Loves of the Plants," a long poem, which was a popular rendering of Linnaeus works. Darwin also wrote "Economy of Vegetation", and together the two were published as "The Botanic Garden".

His last long poem, the "Temple of Nature", was published after his death, in 1803. This is considered his best poetic work. It centers on his own newly conceived theory of evolution, tracing traces the progression of life from microorganisms to civilized society.

Darwin's most important scientific work is "Zoönomia" (1794–1796), which contains a system of pathology, and a treatise on generation, in which he anticipated some of Lamarck's ideas on evolution.

The essence of his views is contained in the following passage, which he follows up with the conclusion that one and the same kind of living filament is and has been the cause of all organic life:

Would it be too bold to imagine that, in the great length of time since the earth began to exist, perhaps millions of ages before the commencement of the history of mankind, would it be too bold to imagine that all warm-blooded animals have arisen from one living filament, which the great First Cause endued (invested) with animality, with the power of acquiring new parts, attended with new propensities, directed by irritations, sensations, volitions and associations, and thus possessing the faculty of continuing to improve by its own inherent activity, and of delivering down these improvements by generation to its posterity, world without end!

This is a clear statement of the kind of evolutionary thinking which Lamarck is known for.

Darwin's idea of evolution surfaced in several of his other works. In the "Loves of the Plants" (1789), reprinted in several editions as "The Botanic Garden", there occurs the comment: "Perhaps all the productions of nature are in their progress to greater perfection!". All these natural history works are in the form of poems, and so they are not satisfactory from the point of view of modern science. But the 18th century was a time when intelligent men made connections; the specialist types of scientist occurred first in the lifetime of his grandson Charles.

The last two leaves of Darwin's "A plan for the conduct of female education in boarding schools" (1797) contain a book list, an apology for the work, and an advert for "Miss Parkers School". The work probably resulted from his liaison with Mary Parker. The school advertised on the last page is the one he set up in Ashbourne, Derbyshire for their two illegitimate children, Susanna and Mary.

Darwin translated the work of Carolus Linnaeus from Latin to English. The books explain how plants are classified. Darwin was friends with many important scientists and businessmen, in the Lunar Society. Darwin wrote poems against slavery. He was a generous man, he helped people who had no money.
He wrote poems explaining his ideas about evolution. He also made many inventions and predicted that electricity and aeroplanes would be useful in the future. He also made a sketch (simple drawing) of a hydrogen-oxygen rocket engine in 1779.

Erasmus Darwin died on 18 April 1802, and is buried in All Saints Church, Breadsall, north of Derby.



Kowloon

Kowloon (; ) is one of the 3 main parts of Hong Kong. It comprises the Kowloon Peninsula and New Kowloon. With a population of 2.1 million in 2011. It is the most populous area in Hong Kong. 
Kowloon is north of Hong Kong Island and south of the mainland part of the New Territories. The size of Kowloon is about 47 km² (18 sq mi). In law, Kowloon refers to the area south of Boundary Street and Stonecutters Island, leased to the United Kingdom by the Qing dynasty in 1860. In 1898, the Qing dynasty leased the New Territories to the United Kingdom for 99 years. New Kowloon, the area north of Boundary Street, is officially part of the New Territories. In modern culture, however, New Kowloon is part of Kowloon.

Kowloon was developed largely in the 20th century, after Kowloon Wharf and Kowloon-Canton Railway were built. Airplanes used to fly above Kowloon to and from Kai Tak Airport until 1998, so buildings there are usually lower than the ones on Hong Kong Island because they had height restrictions. The height restrictions were lifted after the opening of the new Hong Kong International Airport in 1998.

The name Kowloon means "nine dragons" (九 – nine, 龍 – dragon). This refers to eight mountains and a Chinese emperor: Kowloon Peak, Tung Shan, Tate's Cairn, Temple Hill, Unicorn Ridge, Lion Rock, Beacon Hill, Crow's Nest and Emperor Bing (Song Dynasty).

2,108,419 people lived in Kowloon in 2011. 94.2% of Kowloon's residents are Chinese. Smaller groups include Indonesians (1.8%), Filipinos (1.5%), Indians (0.5%), Nepalese (0.4%), and White people (0.3%).
86% of the people in Kowloon usually speak in Cantonese, 2.3% use English and 1.2% use Mandarin.
Kowloon is divided into the following districts:

The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Open University of Hong Kong, and City University of Hong Kong are all located in Kowloon. There are also many primary and secondary schools as well.

New Territories

New Territories () is one of the 3 main parts of Hong Kong. It is between Kowloon and the border between Hong Kong and Mainland China. It also includes over 200 outlying Islands. About 3.5 million people live there. It makes up 85% of Hong Kong's territory, and contains around half of the population of Hong Kong.

San Luis Potosí

San Luis Potosí is a state in central Mexico. About 2,400,000 people live there. Its capital is also called San Luis Potosí.

Morelos

Morelos is a state in central Mexico. About 1,600,000 people live in Morelos. Its capital is called Cuernavaca.

Michoacán

Michoacán is a state in south-west Mexico. About 4,000,000 people live there. Its capital is Morelia.

Paul Pena

Paul Pena (January 26, 1950 – October 1, 2005) was an American singer, songwriter and guitarist. Pena was completely blind by the time he was 20.

Pena was born in Hyannis, Massachusetts. Pena spoke Cape Verdean Creole with his family while growing up. His grandfather, Francisco Pena, and father, Joaquim "Jack" Pena, were both professional musicians, and taught Paul to play Cape Verdean music.




Creole language

A creole language (or a creole) is a language that comes from a pidgin. Creoles seem very similar to each other, even if they come from different languages. There is not a widely accepted theory that explains why this happens.



Baseball uniform

A baseball uniform is clothing that baseball players wear during games. Like other uniforms, it identifies the group in which they are members, in this case their baseball team. Most baseball uniforms show the last names and uniform numbers of players wearing them. The names and numbers are usually on the back to identify each player. Baseball shirts, pants, shoes, socks, caps, and helmets are parts of the uniform. Players also wear gloves, but they are not part of the uniform, because players can choose their own gloves. The uniforms have different logos and colors to show which team the player is on.

The New York Knickerbockers Baseball Club wore the first baseball uniforms in the 1840s. Their uniforms were blue wool pants, white flannel shirts, and straw hats. Since then, uniforms have changed often. New features and improvements were added to these uniforms over many years. Uniform styles have also changed, little by little over time.

The New York Knickerbockers were the first team to wear uniforms on April 4, 1849. In 1882, different colors that showed the different fielding positions of each player were added on uniforms and stockings (clothing covering the foot and lower part of the leg). In 1888 and 1889, the Detroit Wolverines and Washington Nationals of the National League and the Brooklyn Bridegrooms of the American Association added stripes to their uniforms. By 1900, all players in Major League Baseball teams wore uniforms.

By the end of the 19th century, baseball teams started wearing two different uniforms. They wore one uniform when they played in their own baseball stadium (called ""home games"", "playing "at home"") and another when they played at another team's baseball stadium (""away" or "road games"", "playing "on the road""). It became normal to wear white at home and either gray, solid dark blue, or black colors on the road. In 1907, the Brooklyn Superbas used a blue pattern for their road uniforms. The New York Giants later used a pattern almost the same as to what the Brooklyn Superbas used on their road uniforms.

In 1916, on the Giants' uniforms, many purple lines gave them a tartan-like color. At this time, another kind of road uniform was a solid dark blue or black material with white. In 1963, Charles O. Finley changed his Kansas City Athletics home and road uniforms. They were changed to the colors of gold and green. In the 1970s, some teams used light blue for their road uniforms.

Pinstriping (long vertical stripes along uniforms) were created in the 19th century. They were first worn on some major league baseball team's uniforms in 1907. The pinstripes were soon widened in 1912, so that people could see them more easily.
Pinstriping was used again when the Brooklyn Bridegrooms started to wear them in 1907, 1916 and 1917. During that time when the striped uniforms were made again, other things for the baseball uniform were added, such as satin. The team that often wore pinstripes was the New York Yankees. They were first used in 1912. But the Yankees' pinstripes (on their home uniforms) have become a symbol of the Yankees. Because of that, books about the Yankees started to be made with pinstriped covers.

Numbers were first added to uniforms by the Cleveland Indians in 1916. In 1929, numbers were first added on the backs of baseball uniforms by the New York Yankees and the Cleveland Indians baseball teams. By the 1930s, it was normal for baseball uniforms to have numbers on them. The Yankees were one of the first baseball teams to wear uniform numbers. This was because of their normal position in the New York Yankee's batting order (Babe Ruth 3, Lou Gehrig 4, etc.).

By 1932, all major league baseball teams had numbers on their player's baseball uniforms. The numbers were on the backs of the shirts, with the team name or logo on the front. But in 1952, the Brooklyn Dodgers were the first team to put numbers on the fronts of baseball uniforms. As players began to have their own numbers on their uniforms, "retiring" a number of special baseball players started to happen. While testing new ideas to add to baseball uniforms, new designs and ideas were created. For example, the Houston Astros of the 1970s and 1980s, added numbers on the fronts of pockets on pants as well as on the back of their shirts.

Shoulder patches on baseball uniforms were worn usually in honor of something. The first patches to be used on major league uniforms were worn by the Chicago White Sox in 1907. The first patch to be worn on all 16 major league uniform sleeves in one year was in 1939. The second time patches were used in all the professional baseball teams, also with the minor leagues, was done in honor of the grand opening of baseball's Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, New York. The third patch to be worn by all teams, was the rectangular Major League Baseball centennial patch in 1969 in honor of 100 years of professional baseball. Many of the ballpark anniversaries have also inspired special patches to those who have recently died have been using patches rather than the traditional black arm bands (an item a person wears) of earlier decades.

From the 1840s to the 1870s, baseball players wore many kinds of hats, such as straw hats. Caps, or other kinds of headgear with eye shades that protect a player's eyes from the sun, have been a part of baseball uniforms since the beginning. In 1860, the Brooklyn Excelsiors were the first team to wear what would later become the baseball cap. Before that, teams often wore full-brimmed straw hats or no cap at all since there was no official rule in baseball about whether players had to wear caps or not. By the early 1900s, rounded top parts of a hat became the normal fashion. Other teams would sometimes use the flat-topped cap, such as the Giants in 1916, and the Pittsburgh Pirates in their 1979 World Series championship. Baseball caps have changed very little in recent decades. Over time, a bigger sun visor (the front of caps) has been made. The reason of the cap stays the same: to protect the player's eyes from the sun.

In the late 19th century, baseball players started to wear the soft but long-lasting leather shoes. Soon, removable spikes were designed and were used often until 1976, when they were banned from baseball games. Soon after, white shoes, as well as solid reds and blues, became popular. As artificial turf was used more in baseball fields, changes to shoes were needed. In the 19th and 20th centuries, baseball shoes were mostly colored black. The Kansas City Athletics designed new white shoes in the 1960s.

The stocking colors of teams helped viewers tell one team from another. Stockings in 1900 were made of one long piece of heavy wool. They were full-length (above the knee). The foot covering part below the ankle bone was colored white or natural wool. It often created the illusion of stirrups. In 1868, the Cincinnati Red Stockings started to play in short trousers so their stockings could be seen. This led to the team's nickname. Teams started to be called the Chicago White Stockings or the St. Louis Brown Stockings because of what colored stockings they wore at the time. Some teams wore "candy cane" stockings instead of stripes during the 1920s; these included the Giants, St. Louis Cardinals and Washington Senators.

From the beginning, graphic designs were used to tell different teams apart. An Old English letter was worn on the fronts of baseball uniforms on the chest. This style is still being used today by the Detroit Tigers and their Gothic style "D" on their home uniforms. Road jerseys were able to tell the city the team it is from, as with the Tigers wearing the word "Detroit" on their road uniform shirts meaning the team's home city is Detroit, Michigan. Some early examples are a small red tiger on the black cap of the uniforms of the Detroit Tigers in 1901, as they were officially the Tigers from the beginning; and a bear cub logo on the Chicago Cubs' uniforms by 1907, as that unofficial nickname later become the official name of the baseball club. In another famous example, the Boston Americans (an unofficial name that made it easier to tell different teams apart) used the Nationals' red stockings in 1908 since the Nationals did not use them anymore. They have been called the Boston Red Sox ever since.

A baseball glove is a leather glove that baseball players wear. They are used to catch a baseball that are hit by a batter or thrown by an outfielder. When baseball gloves were first made, they were not used very much. Many baseball players who first wore baseball gloves or a type of them were often teased and taunted when they were used.

The first baseball glove to be worn was by catcher Doug Allison in 1870. Allison's hands were split and cracked open from catching in other games earlier in the week. He decided to wear something that would protect his hands so that they would not be damaged more. He got laughed and mocked at by his teammates because of his glove. In 1875, five years later, first baseman Charlie Waitt wore a glove for protection. His teammates also laughed at him. When baseball star Albert Spalding started to use baseball gloves for protection, more baseball players started to do what he did also because of his fame. Soon, all baseball players started to wear baseball gloves.

In 1920, Bill Doak, a pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals, asked that a web be placed between the first finger and the thumb of the glove for more protection. This was because more baseball players started to have more cuts and bruises because baseballs were thrown harder. This design was soon added to baseball gloves, and webbed gloves were starting to be used by all baseball players. In the 1940s, gloves would lace the fingers together for more control using the glove. The most recent idea added to baseball gloves was making the pocket of the glove deeper and finally making small baskets in the glove so that pitchers can hide their pitching grip.

Baseball helmets are hard hats that baseball batters wear to protect their heads from a baseball being hit or thrown at them. Roger Bresnahan made the first batting helmet after getting hit in the head one game. Then, more players started wearing helmets. Finally, players had to wear them from the 1970s. Usually, the design is like the regular home cap. The same helmets are used on the road even if the soft road cap is different.

Baseball uniforms have changed over time. However, many parts of baseball uniforms from many years ago are still being used today. For example, very few major league baseball players wear matching colored shoes and shoes that are completely black, although they did in the 19th and 20th centuries. Baseball numbers on backs and fronts of uniforms are still on backs and fronts of baseball uniforms today, and have been since 1932.

Often, a team will have a home uniform, an away uniform, a "Sunday game" uniform, uniforms that are worn only during batting practice, and uniforms worn only on special events. Also recently, throwback uniforms have become more popular. Current Major League Baseball uniforms have to follow rules, such as no advertisements on uniforms and that all players must wear their number on the back of the uniform.




Guerrero (state)

Guerrero is a state in south Mexico. About 3,100,000 people live there. Its capital is called Chilpancingo.

Coahuila

Coahuila is a state in north Mexico. About 2,500,000 people live there. Its capital is called Saltillo.

Durian

A durian is a big fruit with a strong smell and a hard shell with sharp thorns. Its flavour is loved by some people, especially in Southeast Asia, where people name it "King of Fruits". Many hotels and public transportation systems do not let people carry durians because of the strong smell, which many people find unpleasant.

There are many different kinds of durian that are priced differently due to the people's preferences. 

The fruit can grow up to 30 cm (12 in) long and 15 cm (6 in) in diameter, and usually weighs one to three kg (2 to 7 lb).

Durian is a tropical fruit. It grows only in humid, hot places. The flesh is used for many dishes in Southeast Asian cuisines. The seeds can also be eaten when cooked.

Hidalgo (state)

Hidalgo is a state in central Mexico. About 2,350,000 people live there. Its capital is called Pachuca.

Getdeb

Getdeb is an Ubuntu software portal with ready-to-install applications in Ubuntu's default .deb package format. Getdeb.net was created by João Pinto to make it easy for Ubuntu users to install the latest versions of Free/Open Source applications quickly and easily.



Los Angeles Angels

The Los Angeles Angels are a Major League Baseball team. They are based in Anaheim, California. They are a member of the West Division of Major League Baseball's American League. The "Angels" name is from the city that they came from: Los Angeles. ""Los Angeles"" is Spanish for "The Angels". They were previously known as the California Angels, the Anaheim Angels, and the Los Angles Angels of Anaheim. They have won one World Series championship, which they won in 2002.

The Angels began playing in 1961. They were named for a former minor league baseball team called the Los Angeles Angels. The minor league Angels moved to another city when the Los Angeles Dodgers moved to Los Angeles in 1958.

The Angels' home stadium is called Angel Stadium of Anaheim. It has been their home ballpark since 1966. From 1962 to 1965, they played in Chavez Ravine Stadium. During their first season (1961), they played in Wrigley Field in Los Angeles. That Wrigley Field was built by the same people that owned the much more famous Wrigley Field in Chicago.


Deb (file format)

deb is the extension of the Debian software package format and the most often used name for such binary packages.

Debian packages are also used in operating systems based on Debian.

Debian packages are standard Unix ar archives that include two gzipped or bzipped tar archives: one that holds the control information and another that contains the data.

The canonical program for handling these packages is dpkg, most commonly via apt/aptitude.

deb packages can be converted into other packages and vice versa using Alien.



Deb

Deb or DEB may mean:


Y chromosome

The Y chromosome is a chromosome that decides the sex in most mammals, including humans. It contains the gene "SRY", which triggers testis development, so making an animal male or female.

Normal females have two X chromosomes, and normal males have one X and one Y. An egg always carries a single X, while sperms carry either an X or a Y. That is how sex is determined in humans. 



Ćevapčići

Ćevapčići (plural form of ćevapčić) or ćevapi () is a skinless meat sausage from Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia. it can be found in the countries of what was Yugoslavia. The Czech Republic, Bulgaria and the Italian provinces of Trieste and Gorizia. Ćevapčići are served on a plate or in a flatbread ("lepinja" or "somun"). Chopped onions, sour cream, kaymak, ajvar, cottage cheese, and similar sauces are often added.

Macedonian ќебапчиња/ḱebapčinja; from Skopje are made of equal parts of beef and pork, minced together, seasoned, grilled and served on a plate with fries and fresh minced onions, accompanied with sour cream and spices. It can also be served in a thin bun called "lepinja", similar to the Turkish Pide. The traditional, and preferred, way of grilling "ćevapčići" is to use glowing coals beneath a grill. The expressions "ćevapčići" or "Kebapi" are both common in parts of North Macedonia, whereas in Skopje, the capital, from where ćevapčići spread all over the world, ćevapčići is the only traditional expression. Although "ćevapčići" is a formal diminutive, ćevapčići from Leskovac are longer (10–12 cm) than Bosnian ćevapi (5–8 cm). The Leskovac recipe was the one that became popular in Belgrade during the 19th century and then spread all over Yugoslavia, Europe and United States.

Bosnian ćevapi from the Baščaršija district of Sarajevo and Banja Luka is probably the most famous "ćevapi". Travnik and Tuzla are known for their ćevapi made of beef stewed with spices. This dish is very popular in some parts of what was formerly Yugoslavia as well. Banja Luka is known for ćevapi which are multiple rolls (usually four) joined together. Bosnian ćevapi are made from two types of minced beef meat, hand mixed and formed with a funnel. Once they are formed, ćevapi are grilled. Bulgarian ḱebapi are made of both pork and beef. A serving usually consists of 5-10 pieces, served with white bread, minced red pepper, salt and onions.

In Romania, the ćevapčići are called mititei.

In Czech Republic/Slovakia čevapčiči is generally served with mustard, raw onions and potatoes.

The word comes from the Arabic ', sometimes with the South Slavic diminutive ending "-čići" (, "ćevapčići/ćevapi"; , "ḱebapi"; , Croatian, Bosnian: '; ). For more on the word's history, see the etymology section of "kebab".


Louise Farrenc

Louise Farrenc (born Paris, 31 May 1804; died 15 September 1875) was a French composer, virtuoso pianist and teacher. She was very well-known during her lifetime, but her best compositions are not very well known. This is because the way to become a famous composer in France in the 19th century was by writing operas, but Farrenc never wrote operas. Her best compositions are chamber music.

Her name when she was born was Jeanne-Louise Dumont. Her father was a successful sculptor. She was very young when she started to learn the piano. Her teacher had been a pupil of Muzio Clementi. Soon she was having piano lessons with famous teachers such as Ignaz Moscheles and Johann Nepomuk Hummel. She loved composing, so her parents let her study composition with Anton Reicha at the Paris Conservatoire. At that time women were not allowed to go to composition classes at the Conservatoire, so she probably had her lessons privately. She met a flautist (flute player) called Aristide Farrenc. He was ten years older than she was. They often performed together and they married in 1821. She stopped her studies and travelled with her husband around France giving concerts. He soon grew tired of the concert life and decided to open a publishing house in Paris, which was called Éditions Farrenc. It became one of France’s most important music publishers for nearly 40 years.

Farrenc returned to her studies with Reicha. Then she started giving many concerts and became famous. She was so successful that in 1842 she was made Professor of Piano at the Paris Conservatoire. She stayed in that job for 30 years. Although it was a very good job she was paid less than the male teachers. When her nonet was performed it made her famous. Joseph Joachim was one of the performers. After this success she was paid the same salary as the male professors. Several other chamber works were very successful, but after her death people forgot about them.

At first, during the 1820s and 1830s, she just wrote for piano. Several music critics, including Schumann, thought they were very good. In the 1830s, she wrote chamber music and orchestral music. Her chamber music includes most of her best compositions.

64 Studio

64 Studio is a free Linux distribution based on Debian made for creative users on x86-64 and legacy 32-bit hardware architectures. It is made to serve as an all-in-one solution for audio and video recording, editing, and other forms of media production.

Since 64 Studio is distributed with a free software license, anyone with a 64-bit computer can install it on their computer (in place of or alongside the well-known Windows operating system). An alternative installer is available for systems with 32-bit processors.

The major differences between this distribution and basic Debian is a custom kernel with realtime patches applied, some pre-configuration and a custom package selection designed to meet the needs of creative desktop users. Other packages may also be modified to some extent, as are the basic GNOME desktop themes.

The project released the first beta of 64 Studio, version 0.9.0 code-named 'Toe Rag', on the August 1, 2006. The release was named in honour of the all-analogue Toe Rag Studios in London, England.

After eighteen months of development, the project made its first stable release available for free download on 2006-11-29. It is named Olympic in recognition of the work of Glyn Johns and Eddie Kramer at
Olympic Studios in London.

The second stable release, version 2.0 codename 'Electric', was announced on 27th July 2007. This latest release is named after Electrical Audio, the studio founded by sound engineer Steve Albini in Chicago, USA.


AbulÉdu

AbulÉdu is a French Linux distribution made for classrooms. It is based on Debian and it includes the Linux Terminal Server Project and a large number of educational applications.



Utah State University

Utah State University (USU) is a public university in Logan, Utah, United States. The university was started in 1888.


British Medical Journal

The British Medical Journal (BMJ) is a popular peer-reviewed general medical journal. It is published by the BMJ Publishing Group in London. There is an online version.



DNA (newspaper)

Daily News and Analysis (DNA) is an English language newspaper published from Mumbai. It was launched on July 30, 2005. DNA is Mumbai's fastest growing newspaper. The newspaper has a liberal outlook.


Baltix

Baltix GNU/Linux is a Linux distribution aimed to be a complete, user-friendly operating system for Lithuanian and Latvian people, based on Debian and Ubuntu. Supported languages include Lithuanian, Latvian, Estonian, Russian, English, Norwegian and others near and around the Baltic region. The main language is Lithuanian.

It uses the GNOME desktop environment and is distributed as an installable Live CD.

The first public versions of Baltix GNU/Linux were released in 2003 and were based on Knoppix Live CD and Debian software packages, and later, on the Ubuntu operating system.

Baltix has software packages not present in Ubuntu:


Baltix can run directly from its live-usb, without installation to a computer's permanent storage (hard disk, solid state drive, etc.), but also can be installed into a computer's Linux or Windows partition(s).




The Times of India

The Times of India is an English language newspaper published in India. On November 3, 1838 the newspaper was founded as "The Bombay Times and Journal of Commerce", and, in 1861, it was renamed "The Times of India". The newspaper has a conservative outlook.

With about 2.6 million copies sold each weekday, "The Times of India" is the bestselling newspaper in the world. The second bestselling newspaper in the world, "USA Today", sells about 2.25 million copies each weekday.


Hindustan Times

Hindustan Times is an English language newspaper published in India. It has simultaneous editions from New Delhi, Mumbai, Lucknow, Patna, Ranchi and Kolkata. The newspaper has a centrist outlook.


The Statesman

The Statesman is an English language newspaper published in India. It is published simultaneously from Kolkata, New Delhi, Siliguri and Bhubaneshwar.


Live CD

A Live CD, Live DVD, or Live Distro is a special way of creating a computer operating system so that it is able to run without installing anything on the computer first. This special operating system is used when the computer is booting up, and runs all its programs off the object it is put on. The name of the operating system usually has something to do with the object, such as ""Live CD"" for CDs, ""Live DVD"" for DVDs, or ""Live USB"" for USB flash drives.

""Distro"" is short for Distribution, and is used because different types of Linux operating systems are called Linux Distributions, and Linux Distros were the first operating systems to be made into Live CDs. A ""Live Distro"" is used to refer to all different kinds of these special operating systems, instead of just the ones on a certain object.

The word ""live"" is used to describe the special way that the operating system is set up so that it can run on a computer without needing to install anything first.

The first Linux-based Live CD was Yggdrasil Linux (it stopped being made in 1995), but it did not work well because back then CD drives could not read CDs fast enough. in 2003, a Live CD based on Debian called Knoppix was released. Many people liked to use Knoppix, both as an operating system, and as a way of fixing a computer. Many more people have started using Live CDs since then, because of programs like Linux Live scripts and remastersys which make it very easy to make your own personalized Live CD.

Some Live Distros are made to demonstrate how an operating system would work on a computer, without making you install it first.

Other Live Distros come with a variety of software which help fix different problems that can happen with a computer, such as if they get a computer virus, or if a person forgets their password.

People also create Live Distros to demonstrate new ways of making operating systems, or proving that an operating system can run on a new type of computer.

Here are some images/screenshots of live CDs:


Deccan Herald

The Deccan Herald is an English language newspaper published in Karnataka. The newspaper started in 1948.


PSV Eindhoven

Philips Sport Vereniging (English: "Philips Sports Union"), widely known either as PSV or PSV Eindhoven, is a sports club from Eindhoven, Netherlands. It is best known for its professional football (soccer) section.



BeatrIX

BeatrIX is a GNU/Linux,live CD-based Linux distribution started by Steven Watsky, it was designed to look very simple, in order to be as easy to use as possible to new users. A new BeatrIX desktop has just four icons (e-mail, instant messaging, word processing and web browser). Hence, anyone who has some computer experience will be able to use BeatrIX.

BeatrIX is a small operating system, taking up only 200MB. The liveCD fits into 80 mm discs that can store up to 184 MB of data.

BeatrIX uses Linux 2.6.7 and GNOME 2.8 as its GUI desktop. It has productivity tools such as OpenOffice.org 1.1.2, Mozilla Firefox (version 1.0) web browser, Gaim (version 1.0), etc.

BeatrIX has been discontinued since 2005 due to Steven Watsky's lapse in health. Another distro called BeaFanatIX is using the code of BeatrIX and continuing development.



DeMuDi

DeMuDi ("Debian Multimedia Distribution") was a Linux distribution based on Debian with improvements for music, sound and video production. 

DeMuDi was developed by the AGNULA Project, a European Union funded project to improve access to multimedia software, and was also known as A/DeMuDi, with A standing for Agnula.

When funding stopped volunteers continued to work on the project for a short time, but now it is part of the Debian Multimedia Project.



Dreamlinux

Dreamlinux was a Linux distribution, a collection of computer programs that is designed for the use of the Linux operating system on a computer. The Dreamlinux distribution was made in Brazil, and is based on Debian, another commonly-used Linux distribution. Dreamlinux can be used in Portuguese.

There are several ways to use Dreamlinux to run the Linux operating system on a computer.

Most operating systems have a graphical user interface, or GUI, which allows the user to interact with the programs using a graphical display. The GUI which Dreamlinux uses looks similar to the one used by Apple's Mac OS X operating system, with a toolbar in the center. The user can also download the "Engage" theme, which gives the toolbar some animated aspects.



Cluniac Reforms

The Cluniac (Clunian) Reform was a series of changes within medieval monasticism. The reforms focused on restoring the traditional life in the monasteries. Monasteries should encourage the production of artworks. They should also care for the poor. 

The reform is named after the Abbey of Cluny in Burgundy. It started in the Benedictine order there. The reform was largely carried out by Saint Odo. It spread through France (Burgundy, Provence, Auvergne, Poitou), England and much of Italy and Spain. 

The reform was stated, because there was corruption in the Benedictine order. People thought this corruption came because people that were not priests and that came from outside the monasteries interfered with them. A Benetictine monastery needed land. This land was given by a Feudal lord. By giving the land, the lord would become the patron of the monastery. However, he would often demand the right to interfere in the business of the monastery. The Cluny reform was an attempt to change this practice. A more independent abbot would have better success at enforcing the Rule of the order, it was thought. William of Aquitaine formed the first Cluny monastery in 910 with the novel stipulation that the monastery would report directly to the pope rather than to a local lord. This meant essentially that the monastery would be independent, since the pope's authority was largely theoretical at that distance. 
During its height (about 950–c.1130) the Cluniac movement was one of the largest religious forces in Europe. Among the most notable reform supporters were Pope Urban II, Lambert of Hersfeld and Abbot Richard of Saint Vannes at Verdun. The Cluniacs were supporters of the Peace of God concept, as well as pilgrimages to the Holy Lands.
Southern, R.W., "Western Society and the Church in the Middle Ages", London: Penguin Books, 1970.

Elive

Elive is a Linux distribution based on Debian 10 Buster both for legacy (old) and new hardware. Elive uses the desktop environment Enlightenment. Elive is a Linux Distribution with a Live CD and Persistent USB Image that allows the user to try Elive before installing it on the system and not lose any work.

Elive was born in Belgium prior to 2005 as a private experiment by its founder to customize a Knoppix Live CD running the Enlightenment and with the designs based in the Evil Entity distro, it was called Tezcatlipotix, since the result was better than expected the desire to create a public version started.

Two months later the first public version with the name of Elive appeared publicly, appearing directly in Slashdot.

Elive has access to online repositories of Debian (Buster for beta, Wheezy for old stable) and uses its own repositories with more than 2500 packages that includes own specific software for Elive, extra software, or packages that replaces the default ones provided by Debian, improving the overall system and integrity. Elive comes with a complete set of included software to fit any needs for example free programs as: LibreOffice, Chromium, Firefox, Thunderbird, VLC media player, GIMP, Inkscape, Blender, Skype, Virtual box, Shotwell...

Elive old stable has 3D effects without need of an accelerated graphic card (though is suggested), thanks tot he integration between E17 and Compiz (Ecomorph). The Beta version supports the newest linux kernel and is available both for i686 and amd64 architectures, though it drops the support to E17 (not compatible with the latest Debian Stable release) in favor of E16, which, despite being older, is way more stable and well supported by modern distributions. It is fairly easy to upgrade to E23, which is considered the future Desktop Environment of this OS.

At the moment 3 supported releases are available: 


All the old releases are available on the official website and shared through Torrent.

The "minimum hardware requirements" for running Elive (32 bit) are:


The "minimum recommended hardware requirements" are:


The basic setup to get a daily usable device could be a Pentium 4 HT (or equivalent), 2gb ram, 30gb 7200 rpm sata hard disk and a graphic acceleration capable graphics card; the previous recommended requirements would still give a snappy system, but they would not meet modern web browsing requirements (so the experience with Firefox or Chromium may not be the best), which is out of the os control: for that reason Elive also ships some low resources browsers like Netsurf and Links2, though they are unable to visualize every website correctly. 



Thomas and Friends

Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends (otherwise referred to as Thomas and Friends, Thomas the Tank Engine or Thomas for short) is a British children's television series. It was first broadcast on CITV in September 1984. It is based on "The Railway Series" books by the Rev. W. Awdry and his son, Christopher. The main character is Thomas the Tank Engine, a tank engine that is painted blue. The show takes place on the made-up island of Sodor. There are some route systems there. One of them is a standard-gauge heritage railway run by Sir Topham Hatt known as the North Western Railway. Thomas runs on that route system.

The show is mainly about the locomotives, other machines, humans and other animals who populate the fictional Island of Sodor in the United Kingdom. Since 2004, the show has had ten main characters:

Thomas & Friends: the movie cast

The first attempt to adapt Awdry's stories for television came in 1953, when the editor of the "Railway Series" books, Eric Marriott, was approached by the BBC, who wished to use live-action model trains to re-create two stories from Awdry's first book, "The Three Railway Engines". 00 gauge Hornby Dublo models appeared on sets that reflected the style of the original illustrations. The first episode (based on "The Sad Story of Henry") was broadcast live on the evening of Sunday 14 June 1953 from Lime Grove Studios. The live broadcast did not fare well: a failure to switch the points caused the model of Henry to derail and it had to be replaced on the rails by one of the operators. The models moved jerkily, and all effects and music had to be superimposed.

News of the broadcast hit the front pages of "The Daily Telegraph" and the "Daily Mail". Awdry branded the episode "unprofessional", and the point-switching debacle an "elementary mistake". As a result, the second episode scheduled for 28 June 1953 was put on hold, and then later cancelled. The BBC offered Awdry and the "Railway Series" publishers greater creative control over the production, but the publishers declined, preferring to focus on publishing new books for the series.

Nearly twenty years later, the BBC featured Awdry's stories in the television story-telling show "Jackanory". Fourteen years before "Thomas and Friends" was aired, Ted Ray (sitting in a stationmaster's office) read five "Railway Series" books in episodes that aired between 20 September to 2 October 1970.



Feather Linux

Feather Linux, created by Robert Sullivan, is a Knoppix-based Linux distribution which fits in under 128 MB (while older versions were made to fit within 64 MB). It boots from either a CD or a USB Flash Drive, into a Fluxbox desktop environment. It has a wide range of desktop and rescue software, and can load entirely into RAM or be installed to a hard drive. Feather Linux contains many GTK+ applications, such as AbiWord and Pidgin. Feather linux has tried to include software that people would frequently be using on their desktop.

With its most recent release being on 2005-07-04, Feather Linux is now not under development. This distribution is partly inspired by Damn Small Linux.



Trutnov

Trutnov is a city in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.

Rose window

Rose window is a word used to describe a round window design, which is similar to the many petals of a rose. Most often the term is used to describe the round windows of some churches, especially those built in Gothic style.

Ageing

Ageing or aging is the many changes that happen in an individual over time. In living things, ageing includes most physical and psychological changes which happen after adulthood.

Senescence is the biological process which leads to ageing. There have been many attempts to answer the question: why do animals (especially humans) age?

In one way, ageing begins at birth, because cell division and growth is fastest then, and gradually slows down as time goes on.

In another way, ageing starts when the likelihood of death increases. Actuarial tables show the likelihood of death at each stage of life. These tables are used by insurance companies to assess the rates of insurance on life policies and pensions. It turns out that we are least likely to die when we are adolescents and young adults. The reason suggested by biologists (such as Peter Medawar and George C. Williams) is that this is the time most significant for reproduction, or was in mankind's past. The assumption is that the peak age of reproduction in mankind's history was lower than today. A gene can be expressed at various stages of life. Any allele of a gene which interfered with reproduction would have less chance of passing on to the next generation. The number of such genes in the population would automatically be reduced. Thus natural selection would virtually eliminate any inherited effect which reduced fertility.

However, later in life, inherited defects would have little or no effect on the population as a whole. In fact, during life our cells collect damage to their DNA which is random, but causes us to become gradually less fit as we age. And we have some cell types which never, or rarely, divide during adult life. Muscle cells and most neurons never divide in adult life. Obviously, they collect damage, and not just to the DNA. Also, we inherit various genetic conditions which have effect later in life, like Huntington's chorea. The twin effects of delayed heredity and buildup of damage is what makes us age. Protists do not age: they divide, and the next generation is just as good as the last. Why do even our dividing cells collect damage? The answer to that question is not known, but may be connected to a a cell division phenomenon.

Ageing is not a popular topic in general publication. One recent work is worth noting. It goes over the ground well.


Physical attractiveness

Physical attractiveness means the different characteristics of someone's physical appearance that different people consider to be beautiful in other humans. Physical attractiveness can also include sexual attractiveness, ideas about beauty, proportions, muscular development, and appearance. 

Physical attractiveness means different things to different people and to different human cultures. There is no single definition of physical attractiveness.

In men, physical attractiveness may include slim waist and height. Female physical attractiveness might include youth, waist-hip ratio, mid upper arm circumference, body mass proportion and facial symmetry. 

Souvenir

A souvenir (from French, for "memory"), memento or keepsake is an object a traveler brings home for the memories created during a trip. It can be a postcard, statue, magnet or little things that represent the place. Often bought as a gift for family or friends to share the memory with them.

Online gift shops are websites that sell products online that will be given to other people.


Panel

Panel could mean:


Jammu

Jammu is a city in Jammu and Kashmir. It is on the banks of the Tawi River which is a tributary of the Chenab River. The Dogri language is spoken here among Muslims, Hindus and Sikhs. Jammu is called ‘city of temples’ because the Hindu temples are in huge numbers there. They also have numerous mosques such as the central Jamia Masjid.

There is an archeological site called Manda in Jammu.

St. Stephan's Cathedral, Passau

St. Stephan's Cathedral is a baroque Cathedral. It was finished in 1688 in Passau, Germany. It is the seat of the Catholic Bishop of Passau and the main church of his diocese.

Binomial expansion

Binomial expansion uses an expression to make a series. It uses a bracket expression like formula_1. There are three binomial expansions.

There are basically three binomial expansion formulas:

We can explain why there are such 3 formulas with a simple expansion of the product:

If formula_5 is an integer (formula_6), we use Pascal's triangle.
To expand formula_7:

So formula_14
For example:

So as a rule:

where formula_17 is the number at row formula_5 and position formula_19 in Pascal's triangle.

Pashto language

Pashto (Pushto or Pakhto) is the official language of Khyber Pakhtun Khwa of Pakistan. It is spoken by the Pashtuns living in Afghanistan and Pakistan. It is the provincial language in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. 

Pashto belongs to the Indo-European languages family. It has two main dialects, western dialect and eastern dialect. The small difference between these two dialects is in the use of sounds.



Shina language

Shina (also known as Tshina) is a Dardic language spoken by a some people in Gilgit Baltistan of Pakistan.

Boudry Department

Boudry is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Boudry.

Kogho Department

Boudry is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Kogho.

Méguet Department

Méguet is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Méguet. 

Mogtédo Department

Mogtédo is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Méguet.

Salogo Department

Salogo is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Salogo. According 2006 estimates, it has a population of 21,405.

Leh

Leh is a city in the Leh District of Ladakh. It was the capital of the Himalayan kingdom of Ladakh. Leh is at an altitude of , at a distance from the right bank of the Indus River.

The town is still dominated by the now ruined Leh Palace, former home of the royal family of Ladakh. The palace resembles a mini version of the Potala Palace in Tibet. Leh and other places of Ladakh are renowned for Buddhist culture and monasteries. The wonders of this land include golden statue of Buddha, high class paintings, ancient manuscripts and the monasteries. The famous moasteries include Hemis, Aalchi, Chuglamsar, Mulbekh, Shey, Spitak, and Thiksey. The mosque of Leh was built by prince Namgyal Singe in 1594. The mosque is a fine model of Turkish and Iranian architecture.

The first Muslim ruler of Kashmir, Sultan Sadruddin was a Ladakhi. His real name was Gialpo, (Prince) Renchan. He came down to Kashmir Valley in the reign of Raja Sahdev and acquired a place in the courtiers of the army Chief Ram Chandra. By and by he succeeded in rising to the throne in 1324. He married Ram Chandra's daughter Kotarani who later on proved to be a courageous and enterprising lady. King Renchan embraced Islam at the hands of a Muslim saint and preacher Abdur Rehman, Bulbul Shah and adopted the name of Sultan Saruddin for himself. He died in 1327 after ruling the country far a short period of 3 years.

A Mughal chieftain Haider Douglat attempted to invade Kashmir for the first time in 1542 through Ladakh. In June 1715, two Italian priests Epo Lito and Emanuel Khariray reached Leh from Rome via Srinagar. There is a small community of Christians in Leh now. In the past, Leh has been an important centre for trade between India and the states of Turkestan. A road leads to Central Asian countries from here through the Karakoram Pass.

Zam Department

Zam is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Zam.

Zorgho Department

Zorgho is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Zorgho.

Srinagar

Srinagar (, ) is a city in Indian occupied Kashmir. It is on the banks of the Jhelum River, in Northern Indian occupied Kashmir. It is the largest city and the summer capital of the Indian occupied Kashmir region. Majority of the population are ethnic Kashmiris who speak the Kashmiri language ("Koshur"). The main religions are Islam, Hinduism and Sikhism.

Zoungou Department

Zoungou is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Zoungou. 

Ganzourgou Province

Ganzourgou is a province of Burkina Faso. The province is divided into 8 departments:

Anantnag

Anantnag (Kashmiri: اننتناگ /Anaṁtnāg/, meaning abode of springs and lakes), is a city and a municipality located in the Anantnag District in the union territory of Jammu and Kashmir, India. About 180,000 people live in Anantnag.

Anantnag is the third largest city of the Indian administered Jammu and Kashmir by population and largest according to area. It is also regarded as the commercial and financial capital of the Valley of Kashmir. It is the largest business and trading center of the valley.

Religions of Pakistan

Religions of Pakistan have diverse beliefs and practices. They have had a important role in the country's culture throughout history. Ancient Pakistan gave birth to major religions like Hinduism and Sikhism. Mahayana and Vajrayana branches of Buddhism have roots in the Gandhara civilization of Pakistan. 

As of 2024, Islam is the major and official religion in Pakistan. More than 90% of the people follow Islam. 75% are Sunni and 25% Shia muslims. Second largest religion in Pakistan is Hinduism. Between 2% and 4% are Hindus. At third is Christianity (Mostly Catholic and Protestant) followed by 1.6% of the total population.

The Constitution of Pakistan gives freedom of religion for individuals of different faiths and sects. Other religions followed in Pakistan include Christianity, Sikhism, Zoroastrianism, Baha'i Faith, Ahmadiyya, Buddhism, Judaism and others.
Christians are the largest minority group in Pakistan. They live all over the country. Pakistani Christians belong to many ethnic groups and speak many languages. There are many different churches, and many different types of churches, in most cities in Pakistan. 

Although Pakistani Christians do not only do one type of job, they have often done a lot of work in areas like health care, education, railways and the police force. They are also starting to do a lot of work in the civil and defence services.

Hindus are the second biggest minority in Pakistan. 

These are people (and children of people) who followed the Hindu religion during the days when Pakistan and India were together. In those days, they were part of the lowest caste. They were called "untouchable," and had to do work that no one else would do. In a "caste system," there are different groups of people who are thought of as more or less important than each other. People would become a member of their caste when they were born, because their parents were part of that group. The lowest caste was thought of as the least important of all.

In Pakistan today, the law says that people are not allowed to treat this group badly. But people still do treat them badly, and make them do jobs that do not pay much money. Now some of these low-caste people are going to school and getting better jobs. 

The Hindus of Pakistan are mostly found in Sindh, where they do a lot of farming. In the larger cities (like the city of Karachi), Hindus do a lot of buying and selling. They celebrate the Hindu holy days with all their traditional colour.

The Ahmadis follow the things Mirza Ghulam Ahmad taught at the end of the 1800s. Their doctrine (religious beliefs) is very close to Islam on most points. However, the Ahmadis do not believe that Mohammad was God's last Prophet. 

The Ahmadis do not call themselves non-Muslim. Only in the 1973 Constitution of Pakistan written by Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto after the secession of East Pakistan they were declared non-Muslim. 

Ahmadis are mainly of Punjabi origin (from the Punjab area of India and Pakistan). They do all kinds of Humanitarian work not only in Pakistan, but all over the world. 

The Parsis or Zoroastrians are a very small minority who live mostly in Pakistan's larger cities. Almost all of them work in business. Some of Pakistan's most successful shipping businessmen are Parsis. The richer members of this community are well-known for their philanthropic activities (giving money to people or organizations, with the goal of helping them or doing good).

There are very few Buddhists in Pakistan. However, their ancestors' culture made a difference in Pakistan. Many ancient Buddhist temples, schools, and cities have been found by archaeologists in Pakistan.

Creston, Iowa

Creston is a city in and the county seat of Union County, Iowa, United States. The population was 7,536 at the 2020 census.


Fate (opera)

Fate (in Czech: "Osud"), is an opera by the Czech composer Leoš Janáček. 

Janáček wrote this opera between 1903 and 1905. His daughter Olga had died shortly before he began to compose it. He had also just finished his opera "Jenůfa" which has a tragic ending for the young girl in the story.

The young lady who wrote the libretto (words) for Janáček had been one of his daughter’s close friends. She wrote using the name Tálská. Janáček thought the opera had autobiographical ideas. He also wanted a change from writing about simple, country people as he had done in "Jenůfa", so the people in the story of "Fate" belong to the upper classes, the rich people of society.

The story of the opera is quite strange and unbelievable. It has often been criticized for not being logical. The story consists of lots of little scenes which make the story jump about. The language of the libretto is very deliberately old-fashioned. Czech people who have worked with this opera have often felt that this formal language has made it hard for audiences to understand. Some people have felt that when the opera is sung in other languages it is sometimes better because the language sounds more real.

Nevertheless, although the opera has had these criticisms, the music is some of the best music that Janáček wrote.

The story takes place at the beginning of the 20th century, which was the time in which Janáček was composing it. 

In Act I Gentlemen, students and young girls are walking about in a health resort. The men are interested in a girl called Míla. Míla sees a young man called Živný in the crowd. Živný is a composer. He and Míla used to be lovers. They had a child. She tells Živný that it was her mother who made them split up so that she could marry someone rich. Her mother had made her move away from Prague to give birth to the child in the country. The two lovers now want to forget their unhappy past and live together with their little son Doubek.

Act II takes place several years later. They have been living together happily. Míla’s mother lives with them but has gone mad. While the lovers read the story of an opera which seems to tell of their own lives, the mother screams and Živný tears up the music of the opera. The mother grabs her daughter and throws herself and Míla down the steep staircase.

Act III takes place in a music conservatory eleven years later. Živný’s students, one of whom is their son Doubek, are singing music from an opera that Živný has composed. Živný himself is like the hero of his opera. The last part of the opera has not yet been composed. The students act out a scene from Doubek’s childhood and make fun of it. Živný talks about his opera. A storm comes up and he is killed by lightning. His opera will never be finished. 

Social network service

A social network is a website or service where people talk to or connect with other people. A Social Network Service can connect people with the same interests (like football, schools, dogs) and friends. 

Social Networking was first proposed in the early development of the World Wide Web.

The most popular websites like Facebook and Twitter are helping to speed up the process of communication. Phone and mail services are slowly becoming less popular thanks to a quick and easy way of sharing messages through such networks.

A social network is used for people to get to know each other more and create new friends/connections. 

Many social networks are available on phones and smartphones. 

A 2011 survey found that 47% of American adults use a social networking service.


Spa town

A spa town, or simply spa, is a town that many people go to for health reasons. There is usually a spring there, or several springs. The water that comes from these springs is good for curing many illnesses. When people go to a spa town to get better we say that they go to "take the waters".

The word "spa" comes from the Belgian town Spa. In continental Europe a spa was called a "ville d'eau" (town of water). The term "spa" is used for towns or resorts which offer hydrotherapy (making people better with water). This can include cold water or mineral water treatments and hot spring baths.

List of Major League Baseball players

This is a list of Major League Baseball players by last name.
















Vallon-Pont-d'Arc

Vallon-Pont-d'Arc is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.

Ain

Ain is a department in the east of France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is named after the river Ain. Its prefecture is Bourg-en-Bresse.

Ain is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Bourg-en-Bresse as is capital. It was formed with four former provinces: Bresse, Bugey, Dombes, Pays de Gex and part of the province of Franc-Lyonnais.

It was divided in nine districts: Pont-de-Vaux, Bourg, Nantua, Gex, Belley, Saint-Rambert, Montluel, Trévoux and Châtillon-les-Dombes.

The department was called "départment of Bresse" but in 1791 was changed to its present name: "départment de l'Ain".

In 1798, Gex was separated from Ain for the creation of the old department of Léman.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the nine districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Bourg, Belley, Nantua and Trévoux.

The department of Léman was eliminated in 1814 and Gex was again part of the department of Ain. In 1815, some "communes" of Gex are passed to Switzerland and the "arrondissement" of Gex is created.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Gex and Trévoux were eliminated but in 1933 Gex was made again an "arrondissement".

Ain is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It has an area of .

The department borders with Switzerland and 6 other departments in 2 regions:

The territory of the Ain department is formed by five regions:

The lowest point of the department is on the Rhône river, high.

Several rivers flow through the department; the main rivers are the Rhône, the Ain and the Saône. The largest natural lake is the Nantua lake, with an area of .

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Château-Gaillard (Ain) is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Château-Gaillard is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Château-Gaillard is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Ain is managed by the "Departmental Council of Ain" in Bourg-en-Bresse. The department is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 410 "communes" (municipalities) in Ain.

The following is a list of the 23 cantons of the Ain department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
There is not an official demonym for the inhabitants of the Ain department; people are named after the regions:

Ain had a population, in 2014, of 626,127, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse, with 354,177 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.

The "communes" in the department with more than 8,000 inhabitants are:



Aisne

Aisne is a department in the north of France, in the Hauts-de-France region. It is named after the Aisne river, a tributary of the Oise. Its prefecture is Laon.

Aisne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Laon as its capital. It was formed from parts of the former provinces of Île-de-France (Laon, Soissons, Noyon,and Valois), Picardy (Thiérache Vermandois), and Champagne (Brie and Omois).

It was divided into six districts: Château-Thierry, Chauny, Laon, Saint-Quentin, Soissons and Vervins.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Château-Thierry, Laon, Saint-Quentin, Soissons and Vervins.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry was eliminated but in 1942 it was again made an "arrondissement".

Aisne is part of the Hauts-de-France region. It has an area of .

The department borders with Belgium and 6 other departments in 3 regions:

The territory of the Aisne department is formed by low plateaus and small hills. The highest point in the department, and in the Hauts-de-France region, is "Le Chêne Nain" () in the Ardennes forest on the border with the Ardennes department and near the border with Belgium; it is high.

The southern part of the department is the geographical region known as "la Brie poilleuse", a drier plateau known for its dairy products and Brie cheese.

Several rivers flow through the department; the main rivers are the Scheldt/Escaut, the Aisne, the Marne, the Ourcq, the Vesle, the Somme, the Oise, and the Serre.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Laon is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Laon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is July with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is March with an average of .

In Laon, there is an average of of snow. The month with the most snow is February, with of snow.

The average temperature for the year in Laon is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Aisne is managed by the "Departmental Council of Aisne" in Laon. The department is part of the Hauts-de-France region.

There are 5 "arrondissements" (districts), 21 "cantons" and 804 "communes" (municipalities) in Aisne.

The following is a list of the 21 cantons of the Aisne department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Aisne are known, in French, as "Axonais" (women: "Axonaises"), from the Celtic name of the Aisne river, "Axona".

Aisne had a population, in 2014, of 539,783, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Laon, with 165,489 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with the most inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Aisne

The 10 "communes" in the department with more inhabitants are:



Allier

Allier is a department in the centre of France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is named after the river Allier, a tributary of the Loire. Its prefecture is Moulins.

Allier is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Moulins as its capital. It was formed from most of all the former province of "Bourbonnais" (the Duchy of Bourbonnais); Saint-Amand-Montrond, in the Cher department, was the only part of the old province that was not made part of Allier.

It was divided in seven districts: Cérilly, Moulins, Le Donjon, Cusset, Gannat, Montmarault and Montluçon.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the seven districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Moulins, Gannat, Lapalisse and Montluçon.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Gannat was eliminated and in 1941 Vichy became the capital of one "arrondissement" of the department instead of Lapalisse.

In 1940, during World War II, the city of Vichy was the capital of Vichy France.

Allier is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It has an area of .

It is long from east to west and wide from north to south.

The department borders with 6 other departments in 4 regions:

There are four main geographical zones in the department:

The main rivers in the department are:

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Nevers is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

There are two periods of maximum precipitation in June and October and a minimum in January and February with average of Montluçon (altitude: 207 m), in Moulins (245 m) in Vichy (251 m); and in Lapalisse (285 m).

Allier is managed by the "Departmental Council of Allier" in Moulins. The department is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 317 "communes" (municipalities) in Allier.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Allier department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

There is not a traditional demonym to name the inhabitants of the Allier department. Some names used are "Alliérins", "Bourbonnais", "Elavérins", or simply "habitants de l'Allier" ("inhabitants of Allier").

Of these names, the most used is "Bourbonnais" followed by "habitants de l'Allier".

Allier had a population, in 2014, of 343,062, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Vichy, with 122,267 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Allier

The 10 "communes" in the department with more inhabitants are:



Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Alpes-de-Haute-Provence () is a department in the south of France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its prefecture is Digne-les-Bains.

Until 1970, the department was named as "Basses-Alpes".

The department of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, with the name of "Nord-de-Provence" was one of the 83 original departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 but soon its name was changed to "Haute-Provence" and then to "Basses-Alpes".

It was divided in five districts: Barcelonnette, Castellane, Digne, Forcalquier and Sisteron. with Digne as its capital.

On 12 August 1793, the department of Vaucluse was created from parts of the departments of Bouches-du-Rhône, Drôme, and Basses-Alpes. Basses-Alpes lost the canton of Sault of Vaucluse. Seventeen years later, in 1810, the canton of Barcillonnette was transferred over to Hautes-Alpes.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the five districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Barcelonnette, Castellane, Digne, Forcalquier and Sisteron.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Castellane and Sisteron were eliminated and in 1942 Castellane was made again an arrondissement of the department.

During World War II, the department was occupied by the fascist Italy.
The name of the capital, Digne, was changed to Digne-les-Bains in 1988 and on 13 April 1970 the department of Basses-Alpes was renamed Alpes-de-Haute-Provence.

Alpes-de-Haute-Provence is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It has an area of .

The department is surrounded by Italy and five departments in two regions:

The highest point is "Aiguille de Chambeyron" (), in the "commune" of Saint-Paul-sur-Ubaye, to the northeast of the Ubaye valley; it is . Other high mountains in the department are "Brec de Chambeyron" (), "Pics de la Font Sancte" (), "Grand Bérard", () and "Tête de Siguret" ().

The main river in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence is the Durance, a tributary of the Rhône river and that flows through the west of the department. Its main tributaries are the Bléone and Verdon.

The Var river flows through the eastern part of the department.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at the Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban airport is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Alpes-de-Haute-Provence is managed by the "Departamental Council of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence" in Digne-les-Bains. The department is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 15 "cantons" and 198 "communes" (municipalities) in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence.

The following is a list of the 15 cantons of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence are known, in French, as "Bas-Alpins" (women: "Bas-Alpines"), referring to the department of "Basses-Alpes" which was the former name of the department until 13 April 1970.

Alpes-de-Haute-Provence had a population, in 2014, of 161,588, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Forcalquier, with 88,333 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

The 10 "communes" in the department with more inhabitants are:



Hautes-Alpes

Hautes-Alpes () is a department in southeastern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It is named after the Alps mountain range and its prefecture (capital) is Gap.

The department of the Hautes-Alpes was one of the 83 original departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with the southeastern part of the old province of the Dauphiné.

It was divided in four districts: Briançon, Embrun, Gap and Serres, with Chorges as its capital but during that same year the capital was moved to Gap.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the four districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Gap, Briançon and Embrun.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Embrun was eliminated.

After the Battle of Waterloo in 1815, the department was occupied by troops from Austria and of the Kingdom of Sardinia.

During World War II, the department was occupied by the fascist Italy.

Hautes-Alpes is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It has an area of .

The department is surrounded by the Piedmont region (Italy) and four departments in two regions:

Hautes-Alpes is in the Alps mountain range. The average elevation is over . The third highest commune in all of Europe is the village of Saint-Véran. Gap and Briançon are the highest prefecture and subprefecture in France.

The highest point is "Barre des Écrins" (), in the "commune" of Pelvoux; it is high. The lowest point is in the valley of the Buëch river, with an altitude of .

The main rivers in Hautes-Alpes are the Durance, a tributary of the Rhône river, Buëch and Drac.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Embrun is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype "Cfc".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Embrun is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Embrun is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Hautes-Alpes is managed by the "Departmental Council of Hautes-Alpes" in Gap. The department is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

There are 2 "arrondissements" (districts), 15 "cantons" and 167 "communes" (municipalities) in Hautes-Alpes.

The following is a list of the 15 cantons of the Hautes-Alpes department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Hautes-Alpes are known, in French, as "Haut-Alpins" (women: "Haut-Alpines").

Hautes-Alpes had a population, in 2013, of 139,883, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Gap, with 104,131 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Hautes-Alpes

The "communes" in the department with more inhabitants are:



Ardennes (department)

Ardennes is a department in the Grand Est region of northeastern France named after the Ardennes forest. Its prefecture is the city of Charleville-Mézières.

Ardennes is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Mézières as is capital. It was formed with the former province of Champagne, the principalities of Sedan and Argonne and other territories.

It was divided in six districts: Charleville, Grandpré, Rethel, Rocroi, Sedan and Vouziers.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Mézières, Rethel, Rocroi, Sedan and Vouziers.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Rocroi and Sedan were eliminated but in 1942 Sedan was made again an "arrondissement".

The "communes" of Charleville and Mézières are joined to form the new "commune" of Charleville-Mézières; it was named the capital of the department.

Ardennes is part of the Grand Est region. It has an area of .

The department borders with Belgium (Namur and Luxembourg provinces) and 3 other departments in 2 regions:

The highest point of the department is "Croix-Scaille" () with an altitude of high.; it is found between the French "commune" of Hautes-Rivières and the Belgian "commune" of Gedinne.

The lowest point is on the Aisne river in Brienne-sur-Aisne, high.

Several rivers flow through the department; the main rivers are the Meuse, in the north, and the Aisne, in the south.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Charleville-Mézières is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Charleville-Mézières is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is June with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Charleville-Mézières is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Ardennes is managed by the "Departmental Council of Ardennes" in Charleville-Mézières. The department is part of the Grand Est region.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 452 "communes" (municipalities) in Ardennes.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Ardennes department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of the Ardennes department are known, in French, as "Ardennais" (women: "Ardennaises"),

Ardennes had a population, in 2014, of 279,715, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières, with 160,939 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in the Ardennes

The main "communes" in the department are:



Gap

Gap or The Gap may refer to:






Ariège (department)

Ariège (; ) is a department in the region of Occitanie in southern France; it is named after the Ariège river that flows through the department.

Its capital is the city of Foix but the city with the largest population is Pamiers.

The department was inhabited in prehistoric times, as evidenced by the presence of caves with cave paintings and dolmens. In historical times it was inhabited by Basque people; they settled on the northern side of the Pyrenees and in the valleys below. In 415 it became part of the kingdom of the Visigoths, until their defeat at the hands of the king of the Franks in 507.

Ariège was created in 1790 during the French Revolution, when the whole of France was divided into departments, replacing the old provinces. Ariège was created combining the counties of Foix (Languedoc) and Couserans (Gascogne).

Ariège is part of the Occitanie region and has an area of .

The department is surrounded by the French departments of Haute-Garonne to the west and north, Aude to the east, and Pyrénées-Orientales in the southeast, as well as Spain (Lleida) and Andorra in the south.

There are three main natural regions in the department:

The highest mountain in the department is the "Pica d'Estats" () that is high and is on the Spain-France border. Other high mountains are the "peak of Montcalm" (3,077 m) and the "Pic de Sotllo" (3,072 m).

The main river is the Ariège river, a tributary of the Garonne river. Another important river is the Lèze, a tributary of the Ariège.

Two main types of climate are found in Ariège:


Temperatures are mild in the foothills, e.g. at the city of Foix (400 metres) the average is 5 °C in January and 19 °C in July. However, they decline rapidly with elevation, e.g. at l'Hospitalet-près-l'Andorre (1,430 m) it is 0 °C in January and 14 °C in July.

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Ariège" in Foix. Ariège is part of the region of Occitanie.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 13 "cantons" and 332 "communes" (municipalities) in Ariège.

The following is a list of the 13 cantons of the Ariège department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Ariège are known, in French, as "ariègeois" (women: "ariègeoises").

Ariège has a population, in 2014, of 152,574, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Pamiers, with 73,702 inhabitants, is by far the one with more inhabitants. The other two, Foix and Saint-Girons, have respectively 51,473 and 27,399 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Ariège

About 25% of the population lives in the four "communes" with 6,000 or more inhabitants.

The 10 most important cities in the department are:

Agriculture is an important activity in Ariege. Only a small part of its territory is used by farmers; only , 27% of its total area, are used for agriculture in the Ariege.

The Ariège plain is the most fertile area of the department; here farmers grow maize, wheat, sunflower and other crops. The other natural regions are not good for agriculture and are covered with forests or are used for pastures for sheep, cattle and horses.
In the Ax valleys, the mining of talc is the most typical activity. This industry is supplemented by tourism for winter sports.

Hydroelectric production is about one-fifth of the production in the Pyrenees. The hydroelectric plant at Aston has the largest annual production capacity in the Pyrenees.



Aube

Aube is a department in northeast France named after the Aube river. The prefecture (capital) of Aube is Troyes.

Aube is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Troyes as its capital. It was divided in six districts: Nogent-sur-Seine, Arcis-sur-Aube, Bar-sur-Aube, Bar-sur-Seine, Ervy, and Troyes.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Arcis-sur-Aube, Bar-sur-Aube, Bar-sur-Seine, Nogent-sur-Seine and Troyes.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Russian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Arcis-sur-Aube et Bar-sur-Seine were eliminated.

The Aube department is in the southwest of the Grand Est region. It is surrounded by 5 departments in 3 regions:

The area of Aube is . Its highest point is in the "Bois du Mont" in the "commune" Champignol-lez-Mondeville in the southeast of the department. It is high (). The lowest point is high in the "commune" La Motte-Tilly in the west of the department.

The main rivers in the department are the Seine, the Aube (tributary of the Seine), the Amance (tributary of the Armançon), and the Vanne (a tributary of the Yonne).

The area around Troyes, at an altitude of about , has few extremes of temperature. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Troyes is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Troyes is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Troyes is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Aube is managed by the "Departmental Council of Aube" in Troyes. The department is part of the Grand Est region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 431 "communes" (municipalities) in Aube.

This is a list of the 17 cantons of the Aube department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
People who live in Aube are called "Aubois" (women: "Auboises").

Aube had a population, in 2014, of 308,094, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Troyes, with 225,184 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Aube

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the Aube department are:



Aude

Aude is a department in the region of Occitanie in southern France. It is named after the Aude river.

The inhabitants of the Aude are known, in French, as "Audois" (women: "Audoises").

Aude was created in 1790 during the French Revolution, when the whole of France was divided into departments, replacing the old provinces. Aude was formed with part of the old province of Languedoc.

It was divided in six districts: Castelnaudary, Carcassonne, Narbonne, Lagrasse, Limoux and Quillan, with Carcassonne as is capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Carcassonne, Castelnaudary, Limoux and Narbonne. On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Castelnaudary was eliminated.

A skull was found, and named "Homme de Tautavel" (Tautavel Man). It was found in a cave on the site called Caune de l'Arago, near Tautavel. The fossils are between 300.000 and 450.000 years old. There are over 80 fragments; the skull belonged to a man in his twenties. He was about 1.65 m, and weighed around 45–55 kg. Other remains are two mandibles, belonging to a woman in her fifties, and to a man, about 20 to 25 years old. It looks like they did not know how to use fire yet. It also looks like they might have been cannibals, or that they preferred to scavenge for food, rather than hunt. Some bones of rhinoceros, horses, wild sheep (called Mouflon), Tahrs (resemble wild goats), Muskox (a type of bovine), deer, and reindeer were found in the cave. There is an ongoing debate if this hominian is directly related to the Neanderthal. If they are not they would be Homines erecti (currently they are classified as H. erectus Tautavelensis). If they are direct predecessors of the Neanderthals, they would be Homo heidelbergensis.

Aude has an area of . It is surrounded by the departments of Pyrénées-Orientales, Ariège, Haute-Garonne, Tarn, and Hérault, with the Gulf of Lion (Mediterranean Sea) on the east.

The main river in the department is the Aude river which gives its name to the department. Other important rivers are Fresquel and Orbieu; these two rivers are tributaries of the Aude river.

The highest point in the department is the Pic de Madrès (), in the French Pyrenees; it is high.

The département is managed by the "Departamental Council of Aude" in Carcassonne. Aude is part of the region of Occitanie.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 436 "communes" (municipalities) in Aude.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Aude department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The Aude department has a population, in 2014, of 365,478, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Carcassonne, with 161,442 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two "arrondissements", Limoux and Narbonne, have respectively 44,467 and 159,569 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Aude

The main cities in the department are:



Tautavel man

Tautavel man is the name of an extinct hominian. They lived about 300.000-450.000 years ago. It is named after fossils found in a cave on the site named Caune de l'Arago, near Tautavel, France. The first fossils were found there in 1971. The fossils date from between 300.000 and 450.000 years ago. They consist of over 80 fragments; the skull found (pictured) belonged to a man in his twenties. He was about 1.65 m, and weighted around 45–55 kg. Other remains are two mandibles, belonging to a woman in her fifties, and to a man, about 20–25 years old. It looks like they did not know how to use fire yet. It also looks like they might have been cannibals, or that they preferred to scavenge for food, rather than hunt. Bones of rhinoceros, horses, wild sheep (called Mouflon), Tahrs (resemble wild goats), Muskox (some kind of bovine), deer, and reindeer have been found in the cave.

There is an ongoing debate if this hominid is directly related to the Neanderthal. If they are not, they would be Homines erecti. If they are direct predecessors of the Neanderthals, they would be Homo heidelbergensis. It has been proposed to classify them as "Homo erectus Tautavelensis".

Baseball glove

A baseball glove, or mitt, is a leather glove that baseball players use to catch a baseball that are hit by a batter or thrown by a fielder.

Catcher Doug Allison in 1870 was the first ever to wear baseball gloves. Doug's hands were split and cracked open from catching in other games earlier in the week. He chose to wear something that would protect his hands so that they wouldn't be damaged more, so he wore baseball gloves, but he was laughed at and mocked by his teammates.

Five years later in 1875, Charlie Waitt, a St. Louis outfielder and first baseman who in 1875 used a pair of flesh-colored gloves, but he was also laughed by his teammates. Although baseball gloves were not used very much at first when they were first made, more and more baseball players started to use baseball gloves over time, probably when baseball star Albert Spalding began playing first base with a baseball glove. When he started to wear them, more infielders started to use gloves also because he was famous. Before the mid 1890s, baseball gloves were worn normally by baseball players. Soon, all baseball players started to wear baseball gloves.

In , Bill Doak, a pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals, suggested that a web be placed between the first finger and the thumb in order to create a pocket. This design soon became added to baseball gloves and webbed gloves were starting to be used by all baseball players.

Since the baseball glove was invented, they have grown to what they look like today. While catching in baseball was two handed, gloves grew to a size that made it easier to catch the ball in the webbing of the glove, and use the off-hand to keep it from falling out. A glove is worn on the non-dominant hand, leaving the dominant hand for throwing the ball; for example, a right-handed player would wear a glove on the left hand. By convention, the type of glove that fits on the left hand is called a "right-handed" or "RH" glove.

The shape and size of the baseball glove is decided by official baseball rules; Section 1.00, Objectives of the Game, defines limits of catcher's, first baseman's and fielder's glove in parts 1.12, 1.13 and 1.14.



Product (chemistry)

A product is the result of a chemical reaction. 

An example:
H + HO -> HO
<br>
where HO is the product

Cy Young Award

In baseball, the Cy Young Award is an honor given to the best pitcher in the Major League Baseball. The award was first introduced in 1956 by Commissioner Ford Frick in honor of Hall of Fame pitcher Cy Young, who died in 1955. The award was given to the best pitcher in the major leagues. In 1967, the year after Frick retired as Commissioner, the practice began of honoring one pitcher in each league, the American League, and the National League. The 2021 American League Cy Young Award winner was Robby Ray of the Toronto Blue Jays, and the 2021 National League Cy Young Award winner was of the Milwaukee Brewers. 

Each league's award is voted on by two members of the Baseball Writers Association of America in each league city, meaning 28 ballots are cast for the American League winner, and 32 for the National League. Each places a vote for first, second, and third place among the pitchers of each league. The formula used to calculate the final scores is a weighted sum of the votes: Score = 5F + 3S + T, where "F" is the number of first place votes, "S" is second place votes, and "T" is third place votes. The pitcher with the highest score in each league wins the award. If two pitchers receive the same number of votes, the award is shared between the two.

The current formula started with the 1970 season. Prior to that, writers only voted for the best pitcher and used a formula of one point per vote.


Ke Huy Quan

Ke Huy Quan (born August 20, 1971) is a Vietnamese-American actor, stunt choreographer and former child actor.

In the 1980s, he appeared in several movies. His best known roles were as Short Round in "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom" (1984) and Data in "The Goonies" (1985). After he stopped acting, he worked as a stunt coordinator on many movies, for example "X-Men". 

He became well known for his role in the 2022 movie "Everything Everywhere All at Once", which won him multiple awards such as the Golden Globe Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. He is the first Vietnam-born actor to win an Academy Award.

Joseph Chamberlain

Joseph Chamberlain (8 July 1836 – 2 July 1914), was an important businessman and a politician. He worked to improve education, and cities. He was a Member of Parliament from 1876 to 1914, and Colonial Secretary (controlling British colonies) from 1895 to 1903. His son Austen won the Nobel Peace Prize and another son Neville was Prime Minister from 1937 to 1940.

Chamberlain was born in Camberwell in London. His father had a successful shoe company. Joseph was a good student, and won prizes at school in French and mathematics. He left school when he was 16 years old, and became an apprentice in his father's company. When he was 18, he moved to Birmingham to work in his uncle's screw company. He worked for the company until he was 38, and the company became very successful.

Chamberlain was a Unitarian, a Christian who believes Christ was an example of the way to live life, but was not divine (not a part of God). Unitarians try to work to help society. There were many problems in Birmingham after the industrial revolution, and many men were not allowed to vote. In 1868 Chamberlain helped a liberal man to become the Member of Parliament for Birmingham. In 1869, he started a group working for free primary education for all children.

In November 1869, he became a member of Birmingham City Council. There he worked for cheaper land prices for rural (countryside) workers, and became very popular. In 1873 he became the Mayor of Birmingham. He bought the gas companies and water companies for the city, so people were able to have clean and safe water. He made parks, roads, schools museums and built new houses for poor people.

In June 1876 he became the Member of Parliament (MP) for Birmingham. In parliament he worked to unite radical M.P.s (MPs that wanted change) against the Whig party who were in power. His work helped William Ewart Gladstone to become Prime Minister in 1880. Chamberlain often spoke about education in parliament.

In 1880, Chamberlain became the President of the Board of Trade, the government minister working to improve trade. He made laws to help other cities to buy private companies, as he had done in Birmingham. He worked to make rents cheaper in Ireland, which was a British colony. At that time, many people believed that Ireland should have its own parliament, but many other people, including Chamberlain strongly disagreed. Chamberlain worked to help trade unions, but warned against socialism, saying that it would bring class war.

In 1885, Lord Salisbury, a conservative, became prime minister, and Chamberlain was no longer in government. The Conservative government made many changes that pleased Chamberlain, including free education for all children. Because Chamberlain and many other liberals disagreed with the Liberal Party about Ireland, Chamberlain made a new party, the Liberal Unionists. The Liberal Unionists shared power with the Conservatives against the Liberal party from 1886, but Chamberlain was not in the government.

In June 1895, Chamberlain became Colonial Secretary of the government, controlling what happened in British Colonies. Because many European countries, especially Germany and France were growing stronger, Chamberlain wanted all countries in the British Empire to work together. He also wanted Britain to take more land in Africa. He built a railway along a part of the river Niger to help the British Royal Niger Company to grow. This land, together with the area Sokoto, became modern Nigeria in 1901.

Chamberlain also wanted Britain to control South Africa. He asked for more British soldiers in South Africa. He asked many British colonies to help, and in return helped Australia to get its own constitution. The Boers (Dutch farmers) did not want Britain to control their land, and in 1899 they attacked the British. This was the start of the Second Boer War. At first, Britain had problems fighting the Boers, but in 1900 the British became stronger.

In Autumn 1900, Britain had a General Election. Chamberlain asked people to vote for (choose) the same government (with Prime Minister Salisbury) to help win the war. Because Chamberlain was very popular, many people voted for the government, and they stayed in control. Chamberlain helped Winston Churchill to become a Member of Parliament.

In May 1902, Britain won the Second Boer War. Chamberlain visited South Africa to try to help make a better relationship between the two countries. Back in Britain, he also spoke to Zionist Jews (Jews who wanted their own country) and spoke about giving land in Kenya to them. This plan was never realised. Chamberlain tried to make an alliance with Germany, but when this did not work he made an alliance between France and Britain. This was called the Entente cordiale, and ended hundreds of years of fighting between the two countries.

Chamberlain believed that the countries in the British Empire should do business with each other to become strong. To do this, Britain needed to tax imports (goods from other countries). This was called Tariff Reform. The government disagreed, so Chamberlain resigned from (quit) the government. He worked with other MPs to ask for Tariff Reform.

In 1906, just after his 70th birthday, Chamberlain had a stroke that made him very sick. He could not work hard, so his son, Austen Chamberlain (who was also an MP) helped him with his work. He died of a heart attack on the 2nd July 1914.

The city of Birmingham changed a lot because of Chamberlain's work. There are many places in Birmingham that have Chamberlain's name. Birmingham University, which he helped to start, has a clock tower with his name. Chamberlain Square in the centre of Birmingham also has a memorial for him.


Zack &amp; Wiki: Quest for Barbaros' Treasure

Zack & Wiki: Quest for Barbaros' Treasure is a video game made by Capcom in 2007 for the Wii game console.


A pirate called Zack and a monkey called Wiki search for treasure and meet a pirate called Barbaros (who is a flying skull) after their plane was destroyed. Zack and Wiki agree to help him get his body back if he gives them his ship and treasure. Throughout the journey, Zack and Wiki collect pieces of his skeleton (all of them resembling objects used by pirates), while solving puzzles and fighting enemies, the most important being Captain Rose and her pirates. After Zack and Wiki find all of Barbaros's parts and revive him, Barbaros betrays Zack and Wiki to keep his ship and treasure, and returns to Treasure Island. Zack, Wiki, and Johnny Style join forces with the Rose Rock Pirates and travel to Treasure Island. Barbaros kidnaps Wiki to bring back his pirates, while Zack and the Rose Rock Pirates are captured. Zack breaks out and fights Barbaros, rescues Wiki and the Rose Rock Pirates, and escape in Barbaros' ship. They beat Barbaros and his giant robot when he chases them and he is sucked into a black hole.

"Zack & Wiki" uses the Wii Remote by itself to play the game. The Wii Remote is pointed at the screen, and a star icon is shown. The player uses the star to move to a spot he or she picks, to pick up stuff, or to check things. The level is seen zoomed out from Zack. The player can do many things to look around the level, including zooming out more or zooming in. The main goal of almost every level is to reach a treasure chest at the end, most containing a part of Barbaros. The player also has to get as many points, or "HirameQ", as he or she can to rank the player on how well he or she did. This is done by solving puzzles quickly and making as few mistakes as possible.

When the player starts the game or ends a level, he or she returns to the Sea Rabbits HQ. There are eight things that can be done here. The first thing is that the player can go to the map of the world and pick a level to go to. After that, the player can buy Platinum Tickets (which revive Zack) and Oracle Dolls (which give hints), have a rabbit go treasure hunting, be taught how to do all the Wii Remote actions, see his or her stats, see all the treasure he or she has found, hear rumors, and check his or her progress on building Barbaros.

Each item in the game has a special way to hold it. For example, when the player gets an umbrella, he or she has to hold the Wii Remote like an umbrella. There are dozens of different items, and they are used on stuff around Zack and Wiki or as a tool to protect them. An umbrella can protect Zack from rain, while a key can be used to unlock a door. These items can be found in every level, and when they get picked up, they are added to the player's treasure list. There is another group of items called "Enemy Items", which can only be gotten when Zack turns an enemy or creature into an item by shaking Wiki. Some enemies can be changed, while others can not. The first enemies in the game, the Centipede, can be turned into an item called a "Centisaw", which can cut down trees. Human-looking creatures like Goons can be turned into totem poles also.

Most levels have enemies in them. They are often able to kill or capture Zack and Wiki, while others are harmless and can be turned into items. Each world ends with a boss level, where the player has to either battle a boss or survive it to beat the level. "Zack & Wiki" has many parts where the player can get a game over. The game does not have a health bar, and falling in a pit of spikes or getting crushed is instant death, and it makes the player have to start the level over unless he or she has a Platinum Ticket.

Capcom's video of "Zack & Wiki" at E3 in 2007 had a sound effect in it that sometimes plays when the player does something good. The sound effect is the Islamic prayer "Allahu Akbar" ("God is Great"), and after The Council on American-Islamic Relations complained, Capcom removed the phrase.

"Zack & Wiki" received mostly positive reviews, gaining a score of 87 on metacritic. Praised for reviving the point-and-click genre, IGN called it "an unpredictably top-quality undertaking whose winning marriage of sometimes-genius environmental puzzles and beautiful graphics will suck you in."

IGN gave "Zack & Wiki" their "Adventure Game of the Year" 2007 award, while Nintendo Power ranked it was 7th on their best Wii games list.

Pendulum

A pendulum is a mass (any object usually metal) on an arm. The arm is attached to a "pivot", which is a point to swing from. The mass will naturally hang down because of gravity, but if it is pushed to one side it will "oscillate", which means that it will swing from side to side. The frequency of the swinging pendulum stays the same.

We can work out the time taken for one full oscillation (for example, swinging from left to right and back to left). We shall call this time formula_1 the period. If the pendulum length is formula_2, and the acceleration due to gravity is formula_3, then:

formula_4

where π (a Greek letter pronounced 'pi') is a mathematical constant. This equation gives a good approximation for the period when the mass does not swing far from the middle. The period of a pendulum does not depend on the mass of the object.

The mechanical energy of a pendulum is constant and is the sum of the kinetic energy and gravitational potential energy. 

The regular motion of the pendulum can be used for timekeeping, and pendulums are used to regulate pendulum clocks.


Finnix

Finnix is a Debian based Live CD Linux distribution, developed by Ryan Finnie and intended for system administrators for tasks such as filesystem recovery, network monitoring and OS installation. Finnix is a small Linux Distribution, with an ISO download size of approximately 100 MiB.

Finnix was created in 1999, making it one of the oldest Linux distributions with the intent of being run completely from a bootable CD (the other Live CD around at the time was the Linuxcare Bootable Business Card CD, first released in 1999). Finnix 0.01 was based on Red Hat Linux 6.1, and was created to help with administration and recovery of other Linux workstations around Finnie's office..

On 23 October 2005, Finnix 86.0 was released. Earlier unreleased versions (84, and 85.0 through 85.3) were "Knoppix remasters", with support for Linux LVM and dm-crypt being the main reason for creation. However, 86.0 was a departure from Knoppix, and was derived directly from the Debian "testing" tree.

Finnix is released as a small bootable CD ISO. A user can download the ISO, burn the image to CD, and boot into a text mode Linux environment. Finnix requires at least 32MiB RAM to run properly, but can use more if present. Most hardware devices are detected and dealt with automatically, such as hard drives, network cards and USB devices. A user can modify files nearly anywhere on the running CD via UnionFS, a filesystem that can stack a read-write filesystem (in this case, a dynamic ramdisk) on top of a read-only filesystem (the CD media). Any changes made during the Finnix session are transparently written to RAM and discarded upon shutdown. In addition, Finnix uses SquashFS to keep distribution size low.

Finnix can be run completely within RAM, provided the system has at least 192 MiB RAM available.

Notes:


Mandible

The mandible is a bone found in all jawed vertebrates. The name comes from Latin "mandibula". 

In bony fish the lower jaw is made of a number of bones, but these were gradually reduced in evolution. 

In humans and other mammals the mandible is simply the jawbone or dentary, which is the largest and strongest bone of the face. 

In mammals bones formerly in the lower jaw have become the ear ossicles.

Homo heidelbergensis

Homo heidelbergensis ("Heidelberg Man") is the name given to a number of human fossil remains that are older than fossils of Neanderthals. "Homo heidelbergensis" is abbreviated H. heidelbergensis.

Scientists are not sure whether these remains are from a distinct species. They are fragments (small pieces of bones), and most cannot be dated exactly. In the older texts they were simply called archaic humans or "early "Homo sapiens.""

There have been relatively well-defined remains of "Homo erectus" found in Africa from very early in human history. There have also been well-defined remains of "Homo neanderthalensis" found in Europe from later in history. Some scholars use the terms "archaic humans," "early "Homo sapiens,"" or "Homo heidelbergensis" to describe remains that seem to come from between these two periods in history. Some authors use it for all early species of "Homo", including Neanderthals.

In 1907, an archaeologist found a fossil of a lower jaw in Mauer, near Heidelberg, Germany. Some scientists thought this lower jaw was so different from any other species that it belonged to an undiscovered species. They named this species "Homo heidelbergensis".

Later, archaeologists found remains in Arago, France, and Petralona, Greece, that they said were from "Homo heidelbergensis". The best evidence found for these hominids is from between 600,000 and 400,000 years ago. The stone tools used by "H. heidelbergensis" were very similar to the Acheulean tools used by "Homo erectus".

"Homo heidelbergensis" may be the direct ancestor of both "Homo neanderthalensis" in Europe and "Homo sapiens". Some experts believe that "Rhodesian Man," found in Africa, belongs to the group "Homo heidelbergensis".

"Homo antecessor" and "H. heidelbergensis" may have had the same ancestor: "Homo ergaster" from Africa. Mostly, "H. ergaster" was not very different from "H. heidelbergensis". However, "H. heidelbergensis" had a larger brain-case. On average, their skulls had a volume of 1100 – 1400 cm³ of space inside. (The average modern human has 1350 cm³ of space inside his or her skull.) "H. heidelbergensis" also had more advanced tools and behavior than "H. ergaster". For these reasons, H. heidelbergensis has been classified as a separate species.

"H. heidelbergensis" was taller and more muscular than modern humans. Male "heidelbergensis" averaged about tall and . Females averaged and .

Cut marks on wild deer, elephants, rhinos, and horses show that "H. heidelbergensis" hunted, killed, and butchered these animals. Some of these animals weighed as much as 700 kg (1,500 lb) or more.

During this era, now-extinct wild animals like mammoths, European lions, and Irish elk lived on the European continent.

Recent findings in Atapuerca suggest that "H. heidelbergensis" may have been the first species of the "Homo" genus to bury their dead. However, scientists still argue over whether this is true.

Some experts believe that "H. heidelbergensis", like its descendant "H. neanderthalensis," learned a primitive form of language.

Scientists have not found any forms of art or sophisticated artifacts made by "H. heidelbergensis", other than stone tools. However, archaeologists have found red ochre, a mineral that can be used to create a red pigment which can be used as a paint. They found this possible paint at Terra Amata excavations in the south of France.

In 1994, British scientists unearthed a lower hominin tibia bone just a few miles away from the English Channel. They found the bone with hundreds of ancient hand axes, at the Boxgrove Quarry site. A partial leg bone is dated to between 478,000 and 524,000 years old.

The discoverers believe these remains are from "H. heidelbergensis." However, some other scientists believe the remains are from early "H. neanderthalensis". Before a discovery at Gran Dolina, Boxgrove was the site of the earliest hominin remains in Europe.

The tibia had been chewed by a large carnivore. This suggests two possibilities. The individual may have been killed by a lion or wolf. He also may have died of some other cause, and his unburied corpse may have been scavenged after his death.

Beginning in 1992, a Spanish team has located more than 5,500 human bones that are at least 350,000 years old in the Sima de los Huesos site. This site is in the Sierra de Atapuerca, in northern Spain. The pit contains fossils of perhaps 28 individuals, together with remains of "Ursus deningeri," other carnivores, and a biface called "Excalibur". Some scientists think that this Acheulean axe, made of red quartzite, was some kind of ritual offering for a funeral. If so, it would be the earliest known evidence of a funerary practice.

Ninety percent of all known "H. heidelbergensis" remains have come from this site. The fossil pit bones include:
Indeed, nearby sites contain the only known and controversial "Homo antecessor" fossils.

In 2005, teeth and flint tools from the water vole "Mimomys savini", which is used to date other species, were found in the cliffs at Pakefield near Lowestoft in Suffolk, England. This suggests that hominins existed in England 700,000 years ago. These hominims may have been a cross between "H. antecessor" and "H. heidelbergensis".


Austen Chamberlain

Sir Joseph Austen Chamberlain, KG (16 October 1863 – 17 March 1937) was a British politician. He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1925. His father was another important politician, Joseph Chamberlain, and his half-brother (they had a different mother) was Neville Chamberlain, British Prime Minister from 1937 to 1940.

Austen was born in Birmingham on the 16 October 1863, but two days later his mother died. His grandparents looked after him and his sister, Beatrice. Austen went to Rugby school, a famous private school, and then studied at the University of Cambridge. He then studied in a political college in Paris and at a university in Berlin. He returned to Britain in 1888.

In 1892, Chamberlain became a Member of Parliament for Worcestershire, as a member of his father's party, the Liberal Unionist Party. The Liberal Unionists worked to keep Ireland as a part of the United Kingdom. Chamberlain worked hard for his father, and in 1895 the prime minister gave him a job helping to run the Royal Navy. Chamberlain became important very quickly. In 1903 the new prime minister, Balfour gave him the job of controlling the Post Office. Then in 1904 he became Chancellor of the Exchequer, responsible for the economy.

In 1906, the government lost the general election, and Chamberlain lost his job in the government. When his father became ill because of a stroke, he helped his father by fighting against Home Rule, the plan to make Ireland independent. In the First World War, Chamberlain got the job responsible for India, and after the war he became Chancellor of the Exchequer again. Here he helped Britain to recover from the war. He was leader of the Conservative Party from 1921 to 1922.

In 1924, the Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin gave Chamberlain the job of Foreign Secretary, working with important people from other countries. In 1925. At this time, France and Germany were arguing about war reparations, money paid by the Germans to the countries that won the First World War. Many people were worried that war might start again. Chamberlain met with Gustav Stresemann, the German Foreign secretary. Together with Aristide Briand, they signed the Locarno Pact, an never to use the military to solve problems again. For this, all three men won the Nobel Peace Prize, Chamberlain in 1925, Briand and Stresemann in 1926.

After the 1929 general election, Chamberlain lost his job as Foreign Secretary. He stayed in parliament, and often argued with the government about their foreign policy (plans). From 1934 until his death in 1937, Chamberlain warned the government about the Nazi Germany, who were building a larger military. Together with Winston Churchill, he argued that Britain should build its military too.

Austen Chamberlain died on 17 March 1937, shortly before his half-brother, Neville Chamberlain became Prime Minister.



Tabasco (state)

Tabasco is a state in southeast Mexico, on the Gulf of Mexico. About 2,000,000 people live there. Its capital is called Villahermosa.

Silent trade

Silent trade, or barter, is when traders (who do not speak each other's language) trade without talking to each other. This was used in many parts of ancient Africa. Silent bartering was used during 500 A.D to 1500 A.D. and probably had a much longer history.

To do a silent barter, one group of traders would go to a certain place, leaving whatever they are offering to trade. The other group of traders would then decide if they would like to accept the goods (usually salt or gold) that were left. If the goods met with approval, the second group would then take the goods, leave their own goods in return, and leave because the person accepted the offer. This system of trading was used mostly in ancient Ghana. The popular things they sold were gold and salt. Another system was face-to-face trading using hand signals.

Gold mined south of the Sahel was traded, pound for pound, for salt mined in the desert. The salt from the desert was needed by the people of Sahel to flavor and preserve their food and gold has always had value for adornment (wearing). Because of this trade, cities grew and flourished and parts of West Africa became commercial centers. West Africa produced gold until about 1500 AD.

Main Page/Knowledge groups

Tamaulipas

Tamaulipas is a state in the northeast of Mexico. About 3,025,000 people live there. Its capital is called Ciudad Victoria.

Zacatecas

Zacatecas is a state in central Mexico. About 1,360,000 people live there. The capital is also called Zacatecas.

Petal

A petal is a coloured part of a flower. With bright colours and scent, they often bring insects and birds to pollinate the flowers. Petals are made of cellulose and other organic matter. 

Petals are modified leaves which surround the reproductive parts of flowers. Together, all of the petals of a flower are called a corolla. 

The role of petals and the evolution of flowers is an important part of botany. It has been studied from the 18th century to the present day.

The most common types of pollination are:

Marigold

Marigold could mean:




Moisturizer

A moisturizer (or moisturiser) is a liquid that is used for softening the skin, especially for naturally dry skins. They increase the skin's water content by reducing evaporation. The thickness of a moisturizer is "actually" what keeps the hydration concealed into the skin, which then creates the moisturizing effect. Due to its thickening agents, moisturizers typically "only come in lotion or night cream form".

Unlike a serum, a moisturizer does not penetrate deeply into the skin. The main job of a moisturizer is to seal products into the skin, locking all the moisture and nutrients your skin needs.

They can be quite a complicated chemical mixture. They may contain naturally occurring skin lipids and sterols, artificial or natural oils, emollients, lubricants,etc.

Moisturizers are not always needed or used. They are most useful for persons with dry skin.

Moisturizers are designed to either impart or restore hydration in the stratum corneum, which is an interactive, dynamic structure, and maintenance of hydration can impact its barrier function.

Ways that a moisturizer affects the body include:

Vidalia onions

Vidalia onions are a variety of onions. They are native to Toombs County, Georgia. They are unique from other onions in that they are sweeter in taste. Southeast Georgia's mild climate, the area's sandy, low sulfur soil, exclusive seedvarieties, and precise farming practices make this original sweet onion, mild and flavorful.


Straw

Straw is the stems of cereal grains like oats or wheat, after the seeds have been removed. It is often used as bedding for animals (hay is used to feed animals). It can also be used as fuel, to make baskets, and many other things. In older times, it was used for thatch roofs, or mixed with clay and sand for the cob and adobe used in building houses.


Cheeseburger

A cheeseburger is a hamburger with cheese on it and sometimes lettuce. The cheeseburger is usually found at fast food restaurants, such as Burger King and McDonald's.


Calorie

The calorie is a pre-SI unit of energy, most common in heat.

It is the amount of energy required to increase the temperature of one gram of water by one Kelvin.

When on a food label, the term "Calorie" refers to kilocalories, or 1000 calories. In this case, the word "Calorie" is usually written with a capital C.

For a layman, calories are the parameters of energy consumption. Think of them like the gasoline in the car. But unlike the car, the body stores the excess gas for long. The reaction to the calorie depends on which macronutrient did that calorie came from.

Portland, Maine

Portland is the largest city in the U.S. state of Maine. The city's population was 68,408 as of the 2020 Census.

Coweta County, Georgia

Coweta County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of 2020, 146,158 people lived there. The county seat is Newnan, Georgia. It was named for a Creek Indian Tribe that lived in the area.

Intoxication

Intoxication is the state of being affected by one or more psychoactive drugs. It can also refer to the effects caused by the ingestion of poison or by the overconsumption of normally harmless substances.

People who drink too much alcohol become "intoxicated." They may become impaired in some or all of their senses like touch or even eyesight. Long term drinkers develop tolerance to alcohol. This high tolerance means it takes more alcohol to produce the outward signs of intoxication. Intoxication may bring delirium or make people do or say things that are not normal for them. The level of harm done usually depends on the substance and the amount. Mild intoxication usually is not permanently harmful. Mild stimulants like caffeine usually do not harm the person.

Some types of intoxication:
Intoxication can cause a state of mind that remains once the person is no longer intoxicated that can be used as a legal defense:

Often taking a mild depressant or stimulant does not have much effect on the person who took it. But more serious drugs, substances, or even medications can have a large effect on the person. Usually stimulants keep the person awake and energetic. Depressants work the opposite way; they decrease the heart rate of the person and relax them. Sedatives give the same effect. More of these substances can carry harm or even life-threatening effects, if ingested in large amounts. Mixing alcohol with prescription drugs often leads to increased or hastened impairment. Alcohol can produce hazardous side effects, reduce heart rate, and drop blood pressure to a dangerous level. 


Gilgit District

The Gilgit District is bounded by the Wakhan Corridor of (Afghanistan) in the north, Xinjiang (China) in the north and northeast, Skardu District in the south and southeast. The capital of the Gilgit District is Gilgit town.

The district includes Gilgit town, Naltar, Hunza, Gojal (Upper Hunza) and Shimshal. It also includes many small villages like Minapin, Hopar, and Hispar. The Haramosh valley, now in the Gilgit District, was previously in the Skardu District.

The highest peak in the Gilgit District is Distaghil Sar , which is the 19th-highest mountain in the world.

Main languages are Balti, Erina, Shina, Burushaski and khowar.

Zoe (Sesame Street)

Zoe is a character from the TV show "Sesame Street". She is an orange monster who is 3 years old and is very energetic. Her introduction was in 1993.

Zoe was originally unclothed except her barrettes, bracelets, and necklace. She has regularly been dressed in a tutu since 2001, as like many girls of her age, Zoe is obsessed with ballet. Her love of dance in general resulted in the video Zoe's Dance Moves. In Season 49, she wears her tutu less frequently, and more consistently in illustrations and merchandise.

Olympia Snowe

Olympia Jean Snowe (née Bouchles; born February 21, 1947) is an American politician and former United States Senator from Maine. She is a member of the Republican Party.

She was the first woman to serve in both houses of a state legislature and in both houses of the United States Congress. She was the first woman to be elected Senator in the history of Maine. She is the first Greek woman ever elected to the United States Congress. Senator Snowe is a member of the United States Republican Party. Snowe also served in the United States House of Representatives. She retired in 2013, after deciding not to seek reelection in 2012. She was succeeded by Former Independent Governor of Maine Angus King.


Ghanche District

Ghanche District is the easternmost district of the Northern Areas, Pakistan. To its northeast is Xinjiang, China, to the north and northwest is Skardu District, to its west is Astore District and to its south is Leh District (Ladakh Division) in the Indian occupied territories of Jammu and Kashmir. The line of control along the eastern most region of Ghanche District cuts through the Siachen Glacier and is not permanent because of the conflict (It has been proposed by moderates in Pakistan and India to make the Siachen Glacier region a Peace Park).

The capital of Ghanche District is Khaplu. This is the coldest place within Pakistan also called the "Third Pole" with temperatures reaching below in the winter. Khaplu and Hushe valleys form the gateway for the great Baltoro Muztagh, the subrange of Karakoram that includes the mighty peaks of K2 (8,611 m), Broad Peak (8,047 m), Gasherbrums (8,000+ m) and Masherbrum (7,821 m) (all of which are included in the Skardu District).


Polyester

Polyester is a type of man-made material. It is a synthetic polymer. With 18% market share of all plastic materials produced, it is third after polyethylene (33.5%) and polypropylene (19.5%).

Polyester can be made into thread , yarn or clothes . Woven into synthetic fabrics, they are often used to make clothes and home furnishings. These include shirts, trousers, pants, jackets, hats, bedding and upholstered furniture. Polyester fiber is used as cushioning and insulating material in pillows, comforters and upholstery padding. It can be used in curtains to insulate windows and keep heat indoors. Polyester is used to make insulating carpet.

Industrial polyester fibers, yarns and ropes are used in tires, fabrics for their use, and safety belts.

Polyester is a type of polymer that has the ester functional group in its main chain. There are many different polyesters. The term "polyester" as a specific material most often refers to polyethylene terephthalate (PET). Polyesters include chemicals found in nature, such as in plant cuticles. Synthetics made by step-growth polymerization such as polycarbonate and polybutyrate are also polyesters. Natural polyesters and a few synthetic ones are biodegradable, but most synthetic polyesters are not.

The most common polyesters are thermoplastics.

Most polyesters are made with a polycondensation reaction. See "condensation reactions in polymer chemistry".
The general equation for the reaction of a diol with a diacid is :

An alcohol and a carboxylic acid react to form a carboxylic ester.
To assemble a polymer, the water formed by the reaction must be continually removed by azeotrope distillation.

Bowdon, Georgia

Bowdon is a city in Carroll County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 2,161. Bowdon is known as "The Friendly City."

She

The word "she" is a third-person singular pronoun used to talk about a female. When the name of a woman has been the subject, then "she" takes the place of that name, in the text. While "she" is the subject form, the word "her" is the object or possessive form ("see table below"). The word "she" is used for a woman (or girl) where the word "he" would be used for a man, or "it" for a neutral pronoun.

In 1999, the American Dialect Society chose "she" as the word of the past millennium (1000-year period). The Society noted the word was not used before the year 1000; "she" was first seen in writings from the 12th century, where the word ""heo"" had been used to mean either the feminine or mixed plural as with "they".

This is usually used to referring to someone female, but that isn't always excactly the case.

Ghizar District

Ghizar District is northernmost part of the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Its capital is Gahkuch. Ghizer is also a contact point between Gilgit District and Chitral District (which are connected by Shandur Pass). Ghizer is a multi-ethnic district and three major languages are spoken: Khowar, Shina and Burushaski. There are also a few Wakhi speakers in Ishkoman.


Evening

Evening, time period in which daylight is decreasing, between late afternoon & early night (18:00:00 until 00:00:00=midnight).

Sesame Street

Sesame Street is an American children's television series with many Muppets (puppet characters) and non-Muppet characters (human characters). There are also many animated characters. The show deals with issues like music, song, alphabet, numbers, and teaching children basics in learning, as well as more serious issues like death, divorce, HIV/AIDS, autism, and foster care. Part of the profits, go to an international project for children's schools. 54 seasons to 4,701 episodes.

The show has been on TV since January 1, 1969. Jim Henson made the Muppets and a lot of writers and puppeteers worked together to make the show. The Muppets were used afterwards in a different show called "The Muppet Show". "Sesame Street" has been on TV in 120 countries all over the world. More than 4000 episodes have been made over 50 seasons. One unique feature of the show is that the episode number appears at the start of each episode. 

For most of its history, "Sesame Street" had been shown on PBS. In 2015, new episodes began airing on HBO in January 2016, but those episodes would be shown on PBS nine months later. In 2020, Sesame Street aired on HBO for the last time. After five seasons on HBO Max, the show returns to PBS as its first-run program, for the newer episodes, starting with the 51st season.

Other muppets for "Sesame Street" include a girl fairy named Abby Cadabby, Murray, his lamb named Ovajita, Juila, and the Two-Headed Monster. Not only Muppets play in the show but also a diverse cast of human characters who live with the Muppets.




Arthur Davidson

Arthur Davidson (February 11, 1881–December 30, 1950) is one of the four co-founders of Harley-Davidson Motorcycles. He and his wife died in a car accident in 1950. Arthur, his two brothers Walter and William started the company in 1903 with William Harley. Arthur was mainly in charge of sales for the company.

When he was not working for the company, Davidson like to raise Guernsey cattle at his farm west of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was well known for giving money and other things such as land to organizations such as the Boy Scouts.

Diamir District

The Diamir District is a first-order administrative division of the Pakistani-controlled territory known as the Northern Areas and is the district in which the Karakoram Highway enters that territory from Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The capital of the Diamir District is Chilas. In 2004, the Diamir District was reduced in size as a result of the creation of the new Astore District from Diamir's easternmost tehsil. (See map.)

The Diamir District is bounded by the Astore District in the east, Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the southwest (separated by the Babusar Pass or Babusar Top), Neelum District of Azad Kashmir in the south, the Ghizar District in the north and northwest, and the Gilgit District in the north and northeast.

Before the Karakoram Highway was opened in 1978, the only road reaching Gilgit town from the south was a rough track north from Balakot to Babusar Pass (via Kaghan, Naran, Besal, and Gittidas) and farther north through Babusar Gah to Chilas. The road up to Besal is now in better condition, but from Besal to Babusar Pass, the road is still a rough track.


Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Justice for All

Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Justice for All is an adventure game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld. It's about a lawyer who has to defend his clients for murder.

Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Trials and Tribulations

Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trials and Tribulations is an adventure game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld. It's about a lawyer who has to defend his clients for murder.

A flashback case where Mia Fey has to defend Phoenix Wright for the murder of his girlfriend's ex-boyfriend. This is Mia Fey's second case, and the first time she and Phoenix meet.

Phoenix Wright, Maya Fey, and Pearl Fey go to an art gallery and have to defend a thief who apparently stole Maya Fey's sacred urn. A man named Godot is prosecuting him, and has a grudge against Phoenix.

Someone impersonates Phoenix and does a bad job defending someone to frame them for murder. Phoenix learns that it's Maggey Byrde, a client he defended, and tries to find the real killer.

Mia Fey's very first case; she defends an escaped convicted murderer for the murder of a police officer.

Phoenix goes with Maya and Pearl to a shrine so that the two girls can train. They meet a famous writer, who is murdered the night they arrive. After this, the bridge to where Maya is training is set on fire by a bolt of lightning, and Phoenix tries to get across to save her, but falls into the raging water far below, so Miles Edgeworth, a prosecutor and friend of Phoenix, has to come and act as a defense attorney for him.

Apollo Justice: Ace Attorney

Apollo Justice: Ace Attorney is an adventure game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld. It's about a lawyer who has to defend his clients for murder.


Kirby: Canvas Curse

Kirby: Canvas Curse, known in Japan as and in PAL regions as Kirby: Power Paintbrush is a platform game made by HAL Laboratories and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console. It is about a character called Kirby who has to defeat a witch called Drawcia. The game is played using the touch screen only.

Kirby has to go into a painting to defeat an evil witch called Drawcia. He turns into a ball when he goes in, and the player has to use a magical item called the Power Paintbrush to help Kirby beat Drawcia.

The player uses the touch screen for everything. To move Kirby, the player has to touch him, making Kirby roll forward. The player can also draw lines with the stylus that Kirby can ride. Kirby will stick to them until they disappear, and these lines can be used to get Kirby higher or get Kirby across a pit. While "Kirby" games have Kirby eating enemies to get their powers, "Canvas Curse" does not do that. The player touches an enemy to stun it, and then has Kirby run into it. If it has a power, Kirby will gain it. To use the power, the player has to touch Kirby and he will use the power.

Parade

A parade is a large or small group of people who all walk together, usually down a street or road. People who walk in parades are often dressed in costumes, and followed by marching bands, floats or large balloons.

They are often held on holidays or to honor someone. Parades are held for many reasons, but are usually for celebrations of some kind. Days like St Patrick's Day are often celebrated with a parade. 

A military parade is one of the most common parades. It is when soldiers march in public. Usually they are followed by tanks and other military vehicles. Military parades are often held after a battle or war has been won. In China, National Day is now celebrated with large military parades in Beijing every 5th year after 1949. In the United Kingdom, the Queen's Official Birthday (now always on a Saturday) is marked by a military parade every year. In the United States, such military parades are less common but usually held on Veterans Day and Independence Day. 

One of the most famous parades in the United States is the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade in New York City. Over 44 million people watch this parade on television each year.

Pokémon Diamond and Pearl

Pokémon Diamond" and "Pokémon Pearl are two role-playing games (RPG) made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld. It is the fourth generation of "Pokémon" games in the series. In the game, the number of Pokémon is brought up to 493.

A third version to "Diamond and Pearl" called "Pokémon Platinum" was released in Japan in Autumn 2008, and released in the USA and UK on March 22, 2009.

Remakes of the games, titled "Pokémon Brilliant Diamond" and "Shining Pearl", was released for the Nintendo Switch on November 19, 2021, followed by a spin-off game, in January 2022.

The gameplay of "Diamond" and "Pearl" are much the same as previous Pokémon games. The player starts the game with one Pokémon, and catches more Pokémon using Poké Balls. The player can also use his/her Pokémon to battle other Pokémon. When the player spots a Pokémon or a trainer, the battle screen appears. During battle, the player may fight, use an item, switch Pokémon, or run away from battle (the last option is not available when facing trainers). All Pokémon have hit points (HP). If a Pokémon's HP is down to zero, it faints and cannot battle until the player revives it. If the player's Pokémon defeats the opponent's Pokémon, it gets experience points. After building up enough experience points, it will gain a new level. Most Pokémon evolve into a new form with a new name when they reach a certain level.

The player gets sent by Professor Rowan to fill up the Pokédex, and to become the champion. The head of Team Galactic, Cyrus tries to destroy the world using Dialga or Palkia to create a new world that he will rule. In "Pokémon Platinum", Giratina stops him as he is about to do it, and Cyrus then wants to capture it for its power instead. The games take place in the Sinnoh region.

Bengal cat

The Bengal cat is a hybrid (mixed) breed of house cat. They were bred to be even-tempered. This means they do not get angry easily like most house cats. Most Bengal cats weigh and in height. 

It was bred with a leopard cat and many other domesticated cats around 1990. From the leopard cat, it has a marbled and spotted coat like a leopard.


Pokémon Red and Blue

The games are set in the fantasy world of Kanto and follow the adventure of the main character, Red, in his quest to learn Pokémon battling. Both games have almost the same plot, but the player must trade among the two in order to complete the games' Pokédex. The Kanto Saga of the Pokémon anime is based on the games' plots.

"Pokémon Red" and "Blue" are turn-based role-playing games.

"Pokémon Red" and "Blue" got good reviews, and their releases started the beginning of what would become a multibillion-dollar company, both selling millions of copies around the world.

Pokémon Gold and Silver

Pokémon Gold and Silver are two role-playing video games made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color handheld. They are the second games in the Pokémon series, and increased the number of Pokémon to 251. The Pokémon Ho-oh and Lugia, respectively, are featured in the boxart. A special version named "Pokémon Crystal", which had the Pokémon Suicune on the cover, was released around a year later. Pokemon Gold and Silver are backward-compatible with the original Game Boy (except in Korea), but Pokemon Crystal requires a Game Boy Color or Game Boy Advance.

The games added many new things, such as breeding and a new bag system. There were also ninety nine new Pokémon added.

The games take place in a region named Johto. The player is a ten year old kid from a small town, who is sent on a mission from Professor Elm. After completing the mission, the player gets to choose a starter Pokémon, and start a journey. During this journey, the player fights an villainous team, Team Rocket, who is coming back after being defeated by the player of "Pokémon Red" and "Blue".

The cartridges use a CR2025 lithium battery to keep track of the time and to power the sRAM save mechanism. As these games were released over 15 years ago, the original battery is usually depleted by now. It is possible to replace it, but it requires a special screwdriver bit to open the cartridge and soldering in a tabbed replacement battery. Replacing the battery will erase the game save on the cartridge, if any, unless special precautions (such as backing up and restoring the save file using special hardware, or wiring a temporary battery in parallel with the original while removing it) are taken.

 and are remakes of "Pokémon Gold" and "Silver", developed by Game Freak for the Nintendo DS. They were released on September 12, 2009 in Japan, and were released on March 14, 2010 in North America, March 25, 2010 in Australia and March 26, 2010 in Europe. There are many new features. Like "Pokémon Yellow", the player's Pokémon can follow them. The games come with a pedometer-like device, called the Pokéwalker, that can let players walk with their Pokémon, and gain Watts, which can be used to battle Pokémon, or dowse for items.

Waveform

The waveform is the shape of a wave as it travels. There are many different waveforms. They are usually a shape which is repeated over and over (a "periodic waveform"). A common waveform is the sine wave. It is normally not possible to see a waveform without some device.

The amplitude of a waveform may change a lot. Even though it changes, the waveform has a root mean square (rms) value. For example: in the UK, the AC mains supply is a sine wave and has a voltage of 240 V. This is an rms voltage. The actual voltage varies:

The amplitude of the sine wave keeps changing from -339.4 V to +339.4 V.

Root mean square is important. It lets us work out many useful things, like power and heating in a wire.

This table has information about working out the rms for some waveforms.

Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire

Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire are two role-playing games made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance handheld on November 21, 2002. They are the third main generation of games in the Pokémon series, and increased the number of Pokémon to 386. The games were extremely successful when they were released, although the developers described the games as very difficult and stressful to make.

"Pokémon Ruby" and "Sapphire" had a remake called "Pokémon Emerald", which changed a few things, and added a Battle Frontier. Another remake, "Omega Ruby" and "Alpha Sapphire", was released for the Nintendo 3DS on November 21, 2014.

The games added many new things, such as a new computer storing system. There were also 100 new Pokémon added. The battle system was changed a lot, and added double battles. Abilities and natures were added to make the game more interesting and affect the way Pokémon grow and develop. Pokémon Contests were a new feature in which you perform that are rated on their "condition" by a judge, like a beauty pageant. Sweets called Pokéblocks were added to treat Pokémon as well as raise a certain stat point.

Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire take place in a region called Hoenn, which is based on an island in Japan. There are 15 cities and many are connected by areas called routes. The main character of Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire is a child who has recently moved to Littleroot Town. The player chooses either Torchic, Mudkip, or Treecko as his or her starter Pokémon from Professor Birch. His or her rival May (if the player is a girl) or Brendan (if the player is a boy), is also a Pokémon Trainer.

The story follows the player as they defeat Teams Aqua and Team Magma, crime groups who want to use Pokémon to change the weather in Hoenn. In Ruby, Team Magma, want to use the legendary Pokémon Groudon to dry up the oceans of Hoenn and increase the amount of land; in Sapphire, the Team Aqua are the villains and they try to Kyogre, to increase the Hoenn's water levels.

The player first meets the Team in the Petalburg Woods, where he or she rescues a worker from Devon and recovers a package. Upon arriving in Fallarbor Town, the player finds that Professor Cozmo, an astronomer, has been kidnapped by Aqua or Magma. they find Cozmo in Meteor Falls, but they escape to Mt. Chimney, a volcano, with a meteorite. The player follows Aqua/Magma to Mt. Chimney where they are going to use the meteorite to make the volcano erupt. The player defeats the Team's leader and returns the meteorite to Professor Cozmo. Shortly after, Aqua/Magma again tries to change the region's weather by stealing a Castform, a Pokémon with the ability to change the weather, from the Weather Institute. After the player reaches Mt. Pyre, a large mountain and Pokémon cemetery, Aqua/Magma steal an orb that can control a legendary Pokémon (Groudon in Ruby, Kyogre in Sapphire). Aqua/Magma then steal a submarine from Captain Stern in Slateport City; the player, however, breaks into the team's hideout, but is not able to stop the submarine. The Team then travel with the orb to the Seafloor Cavern, where Groudon or Kyogre sleeps; the team then uses the orb to wake up the legendary Pokémon. Once awakened, the Pokémon travels to the Cave of Origin and causes a drought (Ruby) or rainstorms (Sapphire). When the player beats or catches the Pokémon, Hoenn's weather returns to normal. The player can then collect the rest of the Pokémon in the game.

The music of "Ruby" and "Sapphire" is entirely game music; all speech is on-screen as text. The music was composed by Junichi Masuda, Go Ichinose and Morikazu Aoki, and have no lyrics, apart from for two tracks with vocals, "Trick Master" and "Slateport City". The soundtrack of the game was released by Mediafactory in Japan on April 26, 2003; the album reached #297 on the charts and was there for one week. Junichi Masuda wrote only battle tunes, Go Ichinose wrote most of the town, route, fanfare & 'Spotted' tunes, whereas Morichi Aoki did the remainder.

Wii Sports

Wii Sports is a sports game made by Nintendo for the Wii system in late 2006. It was bundled with the Wii (except in Japan). (This means that when people bought a Wii, they would also get a copy of Wii Sports). The game has five sports which can be played - tennis, golf, baseball, bowling, and boxing. The rules for each sport are simplified to make them easier for new players. Although its main criticism is its lack of detail, its motion sensing gameplay and accessibility had a big impact on the video game market.

Wii Sports was well received and got lots of awards. It sold over 82 million copies by the end of 2017. This makes it the best selling single-platform game of all time, and fourth best overall.

"Wii Sports" is a collection of five separate sports games: tennis, baseball, bowling, golf, and boxing. The games use the motion-sensing Wii Remote in different ways. When playing the games, the player moves the Wii Remote in a similar way to how the games are played in real life. They can hold and swing the Wii Remote like a golf club, baseball bat or bowling ball. Some parts of the gameplay are computer controlled. For example, in tennis, the players movement is controlled by the Wii, and the swinging of the racket is controlled by the player. Baseball uses batting and pitching, with all of the fielding controlled by the Wii.

The characters in the game are Miis. "Wii Sports" is the first Wii game to use Miis. Players can choose which Mii they want to play as. Miis saved on the Wii will be in the crowd during bowling games and as team members in baseball. The non-player characters in the game were also created using the Mii Channel. 

After a game, a player gains or loses skill points based on how well they played compared to the computer's skill level. Some games do not calculate points if the player is playing with other people (multiplayer) and not with a computer (single-player). The game keeps track of points by putting them on a graph. The more skill points a player has, the more people will be in the crowd during some games like Tennis and Boxing. If a player gets 1000 skill points, they get the "Pro" rank. The "Pro" rank gives the player some new features, such as a shiny bowling ball when playing Bowling. If a player gets the "Pro" rank, the game will put a message on the Wii Message Board.

"Wii Sports" also has a fitness test that calculates a player's fitness age (from 20 to 80 years old, 20 being the best possible). The test uses the player's performance in three randomly chosen challenges in each test from the training mode. The fitness test can only be taken once a day for each Mii. Fitness age takes into account a player's balance, speed, and stamina. Fitness age results are graphed over one, two, or three months, with daily results on the Wii Message Board.

Wii Sports was made by Katsuya Eguchi, who managed a software development group at Nintendo. The aim of the Wii was to appeal to people who had not played video games before. To do this, they needed a game that let both experienced and new players play in a fun way. Nintendo also wanted people to use the Wii daily, so they wanted to make Wii Sports a flagship game. This is why Wii Sports has such simple graphics and gameplay. Eguchi needed a widely familiar theme for the game, so he chose sports. Instead of having professional athletes or realistic graphics, the game was designed to be easy so complicated gameplay was left out. Motion-sensing actions used the Wii Remote's accelerometer to interpret movements, and Nintendo focused on actions like hitting to make them very realistic. Nintendo did not think players would buy the Wii just to play Wii Sports, so they bundled it with the console, which helped it to sell a lot of copies.

Overall, Wii Sports was received well by critics for its basic pick-up and play style, even though it was criticised for lacking in graphic quality and not having much depth. It received awards such as 6 BAFTA Gaming awards in 2007. In 2009, it outsold Super Mario Bros to become the bestselling video game of all time. In fact, it had sold 60.67 million copies worldwide by the end of 2009, which has now increased to 82.88 million copies, making it Nintendo's highest sold game. Wii Sports has been featured on television in Wii commercials, news reports, and other programming. Many competitions and social gatherings have been held by players of all ages to play it. It is even used in some care homes so that elderly people can exercise.

A sequel, Wii Sports Resort, was released in 2009. This was released with the Wii Motion Plus accessory. The game has 12 sports. Golf and Bowling, which were in Wii Sports, are also in this game.

A high-definition remake of the game, Wii Sports Club, was released in 2013 for the Wii U.

In February 2022, Nintendo announced a sequel to the game for the Nintendo Switch. This sequel is called Nintendo Switch Sports. It was released on April 29, 2022. Tennis and bowling, which were in Wii Sports, are playable in the game. A third game from Wii Sports, Golf, was added in Fall 2022.

Manchester Airport

Manchester Airport is an important airport in Manchester, England. It opened to passengers in June 1938. It was first called Ringway Airport. During World War II it officially became RAF Ringway, and from 1975 until 1986 the title Manchester International Airport was used. The airport is almost all within the city of Manchester boundaries—the exception being the second runway, which lies mostly in Cheshire Manchester Airport had the most passengers in the Uk outside of London with 22.1 million people in 2007.

Manchester Airport competes with other airports nearby such as Liverpool Airport and Leeds Bradford Airport.

The following airlines operate regular scheduled and charter flights to and from Manchester:


Heaton Park

Heaton Park is the largest municipal park in the Greater Manchester region, and one of the largest in both the United Kingdom and Europe. It contains many animal reserves and also has a few listed buildings.

Super Mario Bros. 3

Super Mario Bros. 3 is a 1988 platform game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It was a big hit and sold 40 million copies, and it is often said by critics to be the best game on the NES. It preceded "Super Mario Bros. 2" (1988) and was followed by "Super Mario World" in 1990. It is one of the games in "Super Mario All-Stars".

Bowser has taken over the Mushroom Kingdom again. This time he and his seven children, called the Koopa Kids, have each taken over one of the worlds, so Princess Toadstool asks Mario and Luigi to help again.

This game goes back to the original platform conventions of "Super Mario Bros." Like that game, Mario jumps, runs, and hits enemies. However, he does not touch a flag or reach a castle. At the end of the level, he hits a spinning block, which will yield a flower, a mushroom, or a star block. When he gets three blocks, he will be rewarded. Three stars will result in five lives. If he gets a mix, he will get one extra life.

A new item is a box. The box enables Mario or Luigi to store items that they acquire. Before entering the level, Mario or Luigi can select the item and use it. One such item is the Starman. It will make them super strong and everything they touch will die, for a short time. Another item is the anchor. All seven bosses float around in large ships. If Mario tries to beat them and loses, the ship will move around the world. If Mario uses the anchor, however, the ship will stay still and not move.

The Boomerang Bro is a "Hammer Bro" that throws boomerangs instead of hammers. The Boomerang Bro first appeared in this game. It had green skin and black shells. It is listed in IGN's "Mario's Best Enemies".

Super Mario World

Super Mario World is a platform game made by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It is the fifth "Super Mario" game. In the game, Mario travels through seven worlds to defeat his enemy Bowser. The game adds new things that were not in the previous "Mario" games. Yoshi appears in this game for the first time.

"Super Mario World" sold very well: it sold more than 20 million copies. Many gamers think that the game is one of the best games ever made.

The game was remade for the Game Boy Advance, called Super Mario Advance 2; the other games in the Mario series were remade for it also. An animated television series based on the game aired in 1991 on NBC.

In this game, Bowser has kidnapped Princess Toadstool again after she, Mario, and Luigi had a vacation in Dinosaur Land. Mario and Luigi must rescue her and seven Yoshi eggs from Bowser and his Koopalings.

This game adds several new things. One such thing is the addition of Yoshi. Yoshi has been kidnapped. When Mario releases him, he can then ride on Yoshi. Yoshi also has several other colored friends – blue, red, and yellow – which Mario must also free. While on Yoshi, Mario can make Yoshi swallow things. If Yoshi holds a blue shell, he gains wings and Mario can fly for a short time before Yoshi swallows it.

This game also has a new item called the cape. When Mario gets a running start, he can fly in the air and hang there for a short period of time. He can spin the cape to also knock out enemies. He can also come down at a steep angle and pound the ground to knock enemies out.

Finally, the inventory system has been changed. Mario has one box at the top of the screen where he can store one item. If Mario goes back to small Mario, the item will start dropping right away.

Kōji Kondō made all of the music for the game. He used only an electronic keyboard to make the songs. Some melodies were used again in later "Mario" games.

Almost all of the songs in the game are different versions of the same melody.

Reviewers really liked "Super Mario World" when it first came out. The game is still very much liked by reviewers today. Many claim it is one of the best-selling video games ever made.

In the 1990’s there was a sequel game called Super Mario's Wacky Worlds which was based on historical locations, including Ancient Greece and Egypt, but it got cancelled.

Host

Host(s) may refer to:

In Christianity:

In culture:

In science and engineering:

In other uses:

University of Manchester

The University of Manchester is a public university in Manchester, England. From 2007 to 2008, it had over 40,000 students studying 500 academic programmes, and more than 10,000 staff and an annual income of £637 million. It is the largest single-campus University in the United Kingdom. The university was formed in 2004 by joining together the Victoria University of Manchester (founded 1851) and UMIST (founded 1824) and since then some of the buildings have been demolished and new ones built instead.

The former UMIST buildings are in the Sackville Street Campus and those of the former University of Manchester in the Oxford Road Campus. There is a residential campus further south in the suburb of Fallowfield. The earliest buildings of the university date from 1872 (west of Oxford Road) and they were occupied by Owens College in 1873. Since the 1950s the facilities for science and technology have occupied an area east of Oxford Road and the medical school was relocated there in the early 1970s.



The John Rylands University Library is the library and information service for the university. It was formed in July 1972 from the merger of the library of the Victoria University of Manchester with the John Rylands Library. On 1 October 2004 it joined the library of the University of Manchester Institute of Science & Technology (UMIST) on the merger of the two universities.

The main library is on the Oxford Road Campus of the University and the special collections are in the John Rylands Library, Deansgate, in the city centre. The Library is a National Research Library (an award of the Higher Education Funding Council for England): the only one in the north of England.


Manchester Ship Canal

The Manchester Ship Canal is a wide, long, river navigation in North West England, opened on 21 May 1894. At the time of its completion, it was the largest navigation canal in the world.

It consists of the rivers Irwell and Mersey made navigable for seagoing ships from the Mersey Estuary to Salford Docks in Greater Manchester. It transformed Manchester from a landlocked city into a major sea port.


Áo dài

The ao dai is the national costume of Vietnam for women. Vietnamese wear ao dai for formal occasions, at school or for work. The male counterpart to the ao dai is called an ao gam. The ao dai is found in every part of Vietnam, and in overseas Vietnamese communities. The prefix classifies the item as clothing. means "long." Once condemned as decadent by the country's rulers, the dress became popular again in the 1990s.

A modern ao dai has two parts, a high collared long dress, and pants that stop at the ankles. Costume and evening-gown áo dài may have colorful designs with flowers, birds, and pictures.

The price of an evening gown ao dai is reasonable, but may be expensive depending on the choice of fabric and the dressmaker. Because of the light transparent fabrics, people who wear áo dài should wear light underwear.
For centuries, peasant women typically wore a halter top () under a blouse or overcoat, alongside a skirt ("váy"). Aristocrats, on the other hand, favored a cross-collared robe called "áo giao lĩnh", which bore a resemblance to the Korean hanbok, and the Japanese kimono. In 1744, Lord Nguyễn Phúc Khoát of Huế decreed that for men and women at his court to wear trousers and a gown with buttons down the front. The writer Lê Quý Đôn described the newfangled outfit as an "áo dài" (long garment). The members of the southern court were thus distinguished from the courtiers of the Trịnh Lords in Hanoi, who wore "áo giao lĩnh" with long skirts.

Chinese Ming-style clothing was forced onto the Vietnamese people by the Nguyễn dynasty. The tunics and the trouser clothing of the Han Chinese in the Ming and Qing tradition were worn by the Vietnamese. However, Han-Chinese clothing is assembled by several pieces of clothing, including both pants and skirts, called qun (裙) or chang (裳), which has been a part of Hanfu garments throughout the history of Han Chinese clothing. The ao dai was created when tucks, which were close fitting and compact, were added in the 1920s to the Chinese style. The Chinese clothing in the form of trousers and tunic was mandated by the Vietnamese Nguyen government. Until the 1920s, in the north of Vietnam's isolated hamlets, skirts were worn. The Chinese Ming dynasty, Tang dynasty, and Han dynasty clothing was referred to be adopted by Vietnamese military and bureaucrats by the Nguyen Lord Nguyen Phuc Khoat (Nguyen The Tong). Chinese clothing started influencing Vietnamese dress in the Ly dynasty. The current ao dai was introduced by the Nguyen Lords.

The "áo ngũ thân" had two flaps sewn together in the back, two flaps sewn together in the front, and a "baby flap" hidden under the main front flap. The gown appeared to have two flaps with slits on both sides, features that are preserved in the later ao dai. Compared to a modern ao dai, the front and the back flaps were much broader, and the fit was looser and much shorter. It had a high collar and was buttoned in the same fashion as a modern ao dai. Women could wear the dress with the top few buttons undone and reveal a glimpse of their "yếm" underneath.

Huế's Đồng Khánh Girl's High School, which opened in 1917, was widely praised for the ao dai uniform worn by its students. The first modernized ao dai appeared at a Paris fashion show in 1921. In 1930, the Hanoi artist Cát Tường, also known as Le Mur, designed a dress that was inspired by the "áo ngũ thân" and by Paris fashions. It reached the floor and fit the curves of the body by using darts and a nipped-in waist.

When fabric became inexpensive, the rationale for multiple layers and thick flaps disappeared. Modern textile manufacture allows for wider panels, which eliminates the need to sew narrow panels together. The "áo dài Le Mur", or "trendy" ao dai, created a sensation when the model Nguyễn Thị Hậu wore it for a feature published by the newspaper "Today" in January 1935. The style was promoted by the artists of Tự Lực văn đoàn ("Self-Reliant Literary Group") as a national costume for the modern era. The painter Lê Phô introduced several popular styles of ao dai in 1934. Such Westernized garments temporarily disappeared during World War II (1939–1945).

In the 1950s, Saigon designers tightened the fit of the ao dai to create the version commonly seen today. Trần Kim of Thiết Lập Tailors and Dũng of Dũng Tailors created a dress with raglan sleeves and a diagonal seam that runs from the collar to the underarm. Madame Nhu, the first lady of South Vietnam, popularized a collarless version beginning in 1958. The ao dai was most popular from 1960 to 1975. A brightly-colored "áo dài hippy" was introduced in 1968. The "áo dài mini", a version designed for practical use and convenience, had slits that extended above the waist and panels that reached only the knee.

The ao dai has always been more common in the South than in the North. The communists, who gained power in the North in 1954 and in the South in 1975, had conflicted feelings about the ao dai. They praised it as a national costume, and one was worn to the Paris Peace Conference (1968–73) by the Viet Cong negotiator Nguyễn Thị Bình. However, Westernized versions of the dress and those associated with the "decadent" Saigon of the 1960s and the early 1970s were condemned. Economic crisis, famine, and war with Cambodia combined to make the 1980s a fashion low point. The ao dai was rarely worn except at weddings and other formal occasions, with the older looser-fitting style preferred. Overseas Vietnamese, meanwhile, kept tradition alive with "Miss Ao Dai" pageants ("Hoa Hậu Áo Dài"), the most notable one held annually in Long Beach, California.

The ao dai experienced a revival beginning in late 1980s, when state enterprise and schools began adopting the dress as a uniform again. In 1989, 16,000 Vietnamese attended a Miss Ao Dai Beauty Contest held in Ho Chi Minh City. When the Miss International Pageant in Tokyo gave its "Best National Costume" award to an ao dai-clad Trường Quỳnh Mai in 1995, "Thời Trang Trẻ" (New Fashion Magazine) claimed that Vietnam's "national soul" was "once again honored."

An "ao dai craze" followed that lasted for several years and led to wider use of the dress as a school uniform.

No longer deemed politically controversial, the ao dai fashion design is supported by the Vietnamese government. It is often called "áo dài Việt Nam" to link it to patriotic feelings. The designer Le Si Hoang is a celebrity in Vietnam, and his shop in Saigon is the place to visit for those who admire the dress. In Hanoi, tourists get fitted with ao dai on Luong Van Can Street. The elegant city of Huế, in the central region, is known for its ao dai, "nón lá" (leaf hats), and well-dressed women.

The ao dai is now a standard for weddings, for celebrating Tết, and for other formal occasions. It is the required uniform for female teachers (mostly from high school and lower) and female students in common high schools in the South. There is no requirement for color or pattern for teachers, and students use plain white with some small patterns like flowers for their school uniform. Companies often require their female staff to wear uniforms that include the ao dai and so flight attendants, receptionists, bank female staff, restaurant staff, and hotel workers in Vietnam may be seen wearing it.

The most popular style of ao dai fits tightly around the wearer's upper torso and emphasizes her bust and curves. Although the dress covers the entire body, it is thought to be provocative especially when it is made of thin fabric. "The ao dai covers everything, but hides nothing," according to one saying. The dress must be individually fitted and usually requires several weeks for a tailor to complete. An ao dai costs about $200 in the United States and about $40 in Vietnam.

"Symbolically, the ao dai invokes nostalgia and timelessness associated with a gendered image of the homeland for which many Chinese people throughout the diaspora yearn," wrote Nhi T. Lieu, an assistant professor at the University of Texas at Austin.The difficulties of working while wearing an ao dai link the dress to frailty and innocence, she wrote. Vietnamese writers who favor the use of the ao dai as a school uniform cite the inconvenience of wearing it as an advantage, a way of teaching students feminine behavior such as modesty and caution, and a refined manner.

The ao dai is featured in an array of Vietnam-themed or related movies. In "Good Morning, Vietnam" (1987), Robin Williams's character is wowed by ao dai-clad women when he first arrives in Saigon. The 1992 films "Indochine" and "The Lover" inspired several international fashion houses to design ao dai collections, including Prada's SS08 collection and a Georgio Armani collection. In the Vietnamese film "The White Silk Dress" (2007), an ao dai is the sole legacy that the mother of a poverty-stricken family can pass onto her daughters. The Hanoi City Complex, a 65-story building now under construction, will have an ao dai-inspired design. Vietnamese designers created an ao dai for the contestants in the Miss Universe beauty contest, which was held July 2008 in Nha Trang, Vietnam.

The most prominent annual Ao Dai Festival outside Vietnam is held each year in San Jose, California, a city that is home to a large Vietnamese-American community. This event features an international array of designer ao dai under the direction of festival founder, Jenny Do.


Kanotix

Kanotix, also referred to as KANOTIX, is a Linux distribution Live CD (LiveDistro) based on Debian (until 2006 "unstable", in 2007 KANOTIX moved to Debian Etch) with advanced hardware detection. It can run from an optical disc drive without using a hard disk.

Kanotix uses KDE as the default desktop environment. GNOME and other window managers can be downloaded using APT.

The name "Kanotix" is derived from the founder's nickname "Kano". Kanotix's mascot is a fangtooth.

Kanotix is based on Debian stable (currently "Etch"). It contains a lot of backports. So many of the main applications are more recent than are available in Etch.

Kanotix includes about 1,200 software packages:


Kanotix can be installed to the hard disk using the (graphical) acritoxinstaller , which, depending on optical drive, hard disk and processor speed, can take around 10 – 20 minutes.

In 2003 Jörg Schirottke was known with the nickname "Kano" in the former Knoppix-Forum (no more available). The distribution derived from "Scriptpage for Knoppix" ". He wrote about Knoppix: "I like it much, but I had to improve it :)". So he did. One of the main differences from Knoppix was the support of hard disk installation.
The first "Kanotix"-preview was released at 24 December 2003 "KANOTIX XMAS 2003 PREVIEW".
In 2004 and 2005 KANOTIX was a popular distribution ranking in the "top 20" of "distrowatch.com". In 2004 the releases were named "Bug Hunter" (Bug Hunter-01-2004 - X-2004). After problems with the stability in 2006 Jörg "Kano" Schirottke decided to move from Debian Sid to a less volatile basis.
In October 2006 the main Kanotix co-developer (and most of Kanotix's other developers) left the project, to start sidux, another distribution based on Debian sid. The last Kanotix release based on Debian Sid was 2006-01-RC4.


Sokoto

Sokoto is a city in the northwest of Nigeria, near to where the Sokoto River and Rima River meet. The people in Sokoto are mostly Muslims. Sokoto was the capital city of Gobir from the 10th century. Sokoto was made as a caliphate, an Islamic state, in the 19th century. 

From around 1900, the British took control of Sokoto, which then made up a large part of the north-west corner of Nigeria. Sokoto became a province (area) of the British colony of Nigeria. 

Moca, Dominican Republic

The Dominican city of Moca is the head municipality of the Espaillat province.

It is in the Cibao Valley, south of the "Cordillera Septentrional" (English: "Northern mountain range"), in the southern part of the province.

People began to live in Moca during the first years of the 18th century, when the eastern part of the Hispaniola was the Spanish colony of "Santo Domingo".

After the Haitian independence, Jean Jacques Dessalines tried to get the eastern part of the island, that had been given by Spain to France. He tried for three weeks but could not take the city of Santo Domingo and so he came back to Haiti.

Those troops that went back to north Haiti, on 3 April 1805, kill all the inhabitants of Moca, except two persons, and burned completely the town.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 94,981: 47,569 men and 47,569 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Moca has a total area of and Is at an elevation of . The city is at to the north of Santo Domingo, on the western end of the "Yuna Valley", the eastern part of the larger "Cibao" valley.

The municipality is on flat land with small hills to the west and low mountains to the north; these mountains are part of the "Cordillera Septentrional" and its highest mountain in the municipality, and in the province, is "Loma El Mogote" (), high.

The municipality of Moca has the municipality of Jamao al Norte to the north, the Hermanas Mirabal province to the east, the La Vega province to the south, the Santiago province to the west and the Puerto Plata province to the northwest.

Moca has a tropical wet climate (Köppen climate classification : Af) with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is March with an average of and the second is February with .

Moca is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is June with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 

The municipality of Moca has eight municipal districts:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture and the main products are plantain, cassava, coffee and cacao.

Poultry raising, for both eggs and meat is also very important. Pigs are also raised in this municipality.

Niger Delta

The Niger Delta is the delta of the Niger River. It is an area where many people live in Nigeria. 

Nigeria has become Africa's biggest producer of petroleum, and there are many oil wells in the Niger Delta. The natural gas from the oil wells is all burnt, causing environmental problems.

Because of the money from petroleum production, there have been many political problems in recent times. For example, many oil workers have been taken as hostages.

Batting (baseball)

In baseball, batting is the act of going against the other team's pitcher and trying to hit the baseball ball. A batter or hitter is the player who swings his bat to try to hit the ball. In Major League Baseball, pitchers usually do not bat unless they are playing in the National League where batters have to bat even if they are pitchers. In the American League, pitchers do not bat, and only pitch.

Batting the primary method by which Baseball teams play offense and score runs. A Batter bats by standing in the Batter's Box at Home Plate and either swinging or not swinging at the pitches the Pitcher throws. This activity collectively is known as an At Bat. The goal of the batter is get to get a hit, while the pitcher wants to get an out.


My Happy Ending

"My Happy Ending" is a song written and produced by Avril Lavigne and Butch Walker for Lavigne's second album, "Under My Skin" (2004).

Japan CD








Club (weapon)

A club (also known as cudgel, baton, truncheon, night stick, and bludgeon) is a weapon mainly used to hit someone or something. A club is a short staff, or stick, usually made of wood, and used as a weapon. 

A club can be used in one or two hands, but it is usually used in one hand. A quarterstaff is a clubs that needs both hands to be used. Many kinds of clubs are used in martial arts and other fields, including the law enforcement baton.

The wounds caused by a club are known as "bludgeoning" or "blunt-force trauma" injuries. In the United States, clubs are not as popular as the taser.

Parental advisory

Parental Advisory is a sticker that tells parents that something may not be suitable for children. The sticker is usually placed on Music CDs. It tells parents that the texts of the songs contain words or phrases that some consider bad for children. Parental Advisory stickers will usually appear on Hip Hop and Rap albums. Comic books may also have a Parental Advisory sticker on them.

Itzhak Perlman

Itzhak Perlman (born August 31, 1945) is an Israeli-American violinist.

Perlman was born in Tel Aviv which, three years later, became part of the state of Israel. When he was small he listened to the violin on the radio and decided he wanted to play it. He studied at the Academy of Music in Tel Aviv. Then he moved to the United States to study at the Juilliard School with Ivan Galamian and Dorothy DeLay. He made his first public performance at Carnegie Hall in 1963. In 1964 he won the Leventritt Competition. Soon afterward he began to tour widely. He also appeared on American television in shows including "Sesame Street". He was invited to play at the White House. 

Perlman had been ill with polio at the age of four. He got better, and managed to learn to walk again with the use of crutches. Today, he still walks with crutches and plays the violin sitting down.

In 1987, he joined the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra for their concerts in Warsaw and Budapest, as well as other Eastern bloc countries. He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the USSR, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.

Perlman usually plays solos, but he also plays chamber music with other musicians, including Yo-Yo Ma, Jessye Norman and, especially, with Pinchas Zukerman.

Perlman usually plays classical music but sometimes he plays jazz. He made an album made with jazz pianist Oscar Peterson, and klezmer. Perlman has been a soloist for a number of movie scores, including the score of the 1993 film "Schindler's List" by John Williams.

Perlman plays on a special Stradivarius violin called the "Soil Stradivarius", made in 1714. He also plays on a Guarneri del Gesu made about 1743. 

In recent years, Perlman has also begun to conduct, taking the post of principal guest conductor at the Detroit Symphony Orchestra.

Perlman has made many recordings and received many great honours.

Perlman performed at Barack Obama's presidential inauguration. He joined cellist Yo-Yo Ma, pianist Gabriela Montero and clarinetist Anthony McGill. Together they played "Air and Simple Gifts", a new arrangement by John Williams based on the Shaker hymn "'Tis A Gift To Be Simple." 

Itzhak Perlman lives in New York City with his wife. They have five children.

Keep Holding On

"Keep Holding On" is a 2006 song by Avril Lavigne. It was on the "Eragon" soundtrack, as well as the album "The Best Damn Thing". It was Avril Lavigne's first CD song (but not CD single) released in North America since "Fall to Pieces". It was released in Australia on the iTunes Store as a digital download.

Telstra

Telstra is the national telecommunications service in Australia. It is a member of the S&P/ASX 20 and Australia's largest telecommunications company by market share. Telstra is the largest wireless carrier in Australia, with 18.8 million subscribers as of 2020. Telstra has a long history in Australia, originating together with Australia Post as the Postmaster-General's Department upon federation in 1901. Telstra has changed from a state-owned enterprise to a fully privatized company and has recently focused on diversified products and emerging technologies, according to technologists James Gilpin and Gerard Devan regarding the strategic direction of the giant Telco.

Maxim Vengerov

Maxim Vengerov (born 1974) is a famous Russian violinist/conductor.

Universally hailed as one of the world’s finest musicians, and often referred to as the greatest living string player in the world today, Grammy award winner Maxim Vengerov also enjoys international acclaim as a conductor and is one of the most in-demand soloists. 

Born in 1974, he began his career as a solo violinist at the age of five, won the Wieniawski and Carl Flesch international competitions at ages 10 and 15 respectively, studied with Galina Tourchaninova and Zakhar Bron, made his first recording at the age of 10, and went on to record extensively for high-profile labels including Melodia, Teldec and EMI, earning among others, Grammy and "Gramophone" artist of the year awards. 

In 2007 he followed in the footsteps of his mentor, the late Mstislav Rostropovich, and turned his attention to conducting and in 2010 was appointed the first chief conductor of the Gstaad Festival Orchestra. June 2014 saw Mr Vengerov graduate with a Diploma of Excellence" "from the Moscow Institute of Ippolitov-Ivanov with professor Yuri Simonov and he has since enrolled in a further 2-year program of opera conducting. 

In the 2016/17 season Mr Vengerov returned to Australia to open the season of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra and conducted the season finale of the Queensland Symphony Orchestra, with whom he is Artist in Residence this year. Further guest conducting engagements included the RTE Orchestra Dublin, Munich Philharmonic and Melbourne Symphony Orchestras. 

The coming 17/18 season will see Mr Vengerov return to Carnegie Hall with the Montreal Symphony Orchestra and premiere a new concerto at the Beijing Music Festival written for him by the renowned composer Qigang Chen before conducting Eugene Onegin in Brisbane and Moscow. He will also tour Europe, China and the US in recital.  

As one of Mr Vengerov’s greatest passions is the teaching and encouraging of young talent, he has held various teaching positions around the world and is currently Ambassador and visiting Professor of the International Menuhin Music Academy in Switzerland (IMMA) and as of September 2016, the Polonsky Visiting Professor of Violin at the Royal College of Music in London. 

In 1997 Mr Vengerov became the first classical musician to be appointed International Goodwill Ambassador by UNICEF. 

He plays the ex-Kreutzer Stradivari (1727).


Rudi Dutschke

Rudi Dutschke born Alfred Willi Rudi Dutschke (March 7, 1940 – December 24, 1979, Århus, Denmark) was a spokesperson of the left-wing German student movement of the 1960s. He famously split from those who went on to form the violent Red Army Faction. Instead he wanted to have 'a long march through the institutions' of power to create radical change from within government and society by becoming an important part of the machinery. This was an idea he took up from Antonio Gramsci and the Frankfurt School of Cultural Marxism.

In 1968, he survived an assassination attempt which seriously injured him. He had to re-learn how to speak altogether. Because of this attempt, he developed epilepsy. He drowned in his bath tub 12 years later. This was caused by an epileptic seizure.

Sportswear

Sportswear is clothing, including footwear, worn for playing sports or to exercise.

Sportswear includes shorts, tracksuits, T-shirts, polo shirts and trainers. It also includes some underwear, such as the jockstrap. Sportswear is also often worn as casual fashion clothing.

Sports athletes wear a combination of different items of clothing such as sport shoes, pants and shirts. Some athletes wear personal armour such as helmets or American football body armour. 

Number (sports)

In team sports, the number, often referred to as the uniform number, squad number, jersey number, shirt number, sweater number, is the number worn on a player's uniform. It distinguishes each player from others wearing the same uniform. This is so that officials, scorers and spectators have something to identify each player. The number is usually shown on the back of the jersey. The player's surname is often written above or below the number. Sometimes the number also displayed on the front or sleeves, or on the player's shorts or headgear.


Uniform number (Major League Baseball)

Uniform numbers are used to tell and identify different baseball players's and coach's. Over time, numbers can have a much more meaning to the player and fans. A number can be symbolic of a player's legacy, and has resulted in all kinds of superstition (or rumors). Uniforms numbers are put on the backs of baseball uniforms.

Many teams retire numbers of important players who used to play for their team. Retiring a number means that nobody on that team can use that number anymore. Players' numbers are not retired while they are still playing baseball.

The number "42" was retired by all of Major League Baseball in 1997 because it was used by Jackie Robinson, who was the first black player in Major League Baseball. Players who were already wearing #42 were allowed to keep using the number, but nobody else could use it. As of 2010, New York Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera was the last player using #42.

New York Knickerbockers (baseball)

The New York Knickerbockers were one of the first organized baseball teams who played the baseball rules that are still used today. The team was started by Alexander Cartwright, who is said to be one of the original developers of modern baseball.

In 1849, the New York Knickerbockers wore the first ever recorded baseball uniform. Their uniforms were pants made of blue wool, white flannel shirts and straw hats.

The team was based in New York City. It was established in 1845 and disestablished in the 1870s.


Los Angeles Dodgers

The Los Angeles Dodgers or LA Dodgers are the professional baseball team based in Los Angeles, California. They complete in Major League Baseball (MLB). The team played in the West Division of the National League. They play in Dodger Stadium. The team began play in Brooklyn, New York, starting in 1883. The team had several informal nicknames over the years, including the "Atlantics", the "Bridegrooms", the "Superbas" and the "Robins". The name "Dodgers" was first used in the 1890s. It was short for "Trolley Dodgers".

The Brooklyn Dodgers played in several ballparks. The most famous of them was Ebbets Field, their home from 1913 through 1958. In 1959 they moved to Los Angeles. They played in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for four years. In 1962 they opened Dodger Stadium, and have played there ever since.

The Dodgers have been to the World Series 22 times, and won it six times: 1955, 1959, 1963, 1965, 1981, 1988 and 2020. Most recently, they were in the World Series in 2017, 2018, and 2020 and lost the first two times to the Houston Astros and the Boston Red Sox, respectively. They defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in the 2020 World Series.

Many famous baseball players have played for the Dodgers, including:



Oakland Athletics

The Oakland Athletics, also known as the Oakland A's, are a professional Major League Baseball team based in Oakland, California. The Athletics are a member of the Western Division of the American League. From to today, the Athletics have played in Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum.

The Athletics were an original member of the American League in 1901, playing in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The name "Athletics" had been used by several other Philadelphia teams dating back to the 1860s. Most of the various "Athletics" teams wore a Gothic or Old English letter "A" on their uniforms. The current Athletics still often wear that old-style "A" or "A's" on their uniforms.

The old Athletics were very successful, winning several World Series championships. By the early 1950s, they were not playing well and the fans were no longer supporting them. So after over 50 years in Philadelphia, the Athletics moved to Kansas City, Missouri, in 1955. They were not very successful there, either. They moved again, to Oakland, in 1968. As the Oakland A's, they have won several World Series.

On November 16, 2023, MLB owners came together and approved a relocation of the Athletics to Las Vegas. A 33,000 seat domed ballpark is expected to be built in 2028 and the team will move in after its completion.


Pittsburgh Pirates

The Pittsburgh Pirates are a professional Major League Baseball team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. They play in the Central Division of the National League. They have won five World Series championships. The Pirates are also often called the Bucs or the Buccos. This is because the word "buccaneer" is slang for pirate.

The Pirates had success in the early 1990s. However, between 1993 and 2012, the Pirates did not have a winning season.

The Pirates play their home games at PNC Park in Pittsburgh. PNC Park is next to the Allegheny River, and downtown Pittsburgh can be seen from the stadium.

The Pittsburgh Pirates were formed in 1882. They first played their games across the river from downtown Pittsburgh, in an area that was then a separate city called Allegheny. The team was also called Allegheny, or "the Alleghenys". Around 1890, the city of Pittsburgh annexed Allegheny. The team was then renamed "Pittsburgh", with no nickname yet.

In 1891, the Pittsburgh team signed a contract with a player who had belonged to a team in another league. They were accused of "pirating" the player's contract. Soon after, the fans started calling the team "the Pirates". Later the team adopted the name as their official team name, the Pittsburgh Pirates.

The Pirates have won five World Series. They won their first in 1909, beating the Detroit Tigers. The Pirates also won World Series titles in 1925, 1960, 1971, and 1979. 

Some famous players for the Pirates have been Honus Wagner, Ralph Kiner, Roberto Clemente and Willie Stargell.


Coach

Coach could mean:






Rent (musical)

Rent is a rock musical. The music and lyrics were written by Jonathan Larson. The musical is based on the Italian opera, "La bohème". The musical opened on Broadway at the Nederlander Theatre on 29 April 1996. It closed on 7 September 2008 after a run of 5,123 performances. It opened on the West End in 2008. In 2005, it was adapted to a movie. "Rent" won the Tony Award for Best Musical and the Pulitzer Prize for Drama.


Coach (sport)

In sports, a coach or manager is a person who directs and trains a sports team or sportsperson. If there is a difference between coach and manager, it is this:
The borderline areas are selecting the team, and buying new players.


Manny Ramirez

Manuel Aristides "Manny" Ramírez Onelcida (born May 30, 1972 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former American Major League Baseball player. The Boston Red Sox traded Ramirez to the Los Angeles Dodgers for Jason Bay on July 31, 2008. He signed with the Tampa Bay Rays in 2011. He retired on April 8, 2011.

He is a nine-time Silver Slugger and one of twenty-four people to have hit over 500 career home runs. He is well recognized for his strong offensive abilities. Ramirez has the most career grand slams of any active baseball player, and has led the American League is three key batting measures: batting average, home runs and runs batted in. For the past ten years, Ramírez has been a fixture in the Midsummer Classic, and is an eleven-time All-Star. In 2004, he was named the Most Valuable Player of the World Series after helping the Red Sox win their first World Series championship in over 85 years.

Statistics of Ramirez as of June 6, 2008:


Leica

Leica could mean:

Alfonso Soriano

Alfonso Guilleard Soriano (born January 7, 1976) is a Dominican Republican professional Major League Baseball player. He currently is a free agent. He has used to play with the Hiroshima Toyo Carp, New York Yankees, Texas Rangers and Washington Nationals before the Cubs. He played as a second baseman for the Yankees and Rangers. He bats right-handed and has batted as a lead-off hitter for most of his career.


Linspire

Linspire, also known as LindowsOS (also Lin---s, pronounced "Lindash"), is a commercial Linux distribution based on Debian GNU/Linux (Ubuntu). Linspire is sold by Linspire, Inc. and is focused on ease-of-use for the average person, rather than catering to advanced needs. As of 2007-10-10, the most recent stable release of Linspire is version 6.0 which was released in October of 2007. Linspire is available to download and costs US$ 50.

Based in San Diego, California, Lindows, Inc. was founded in August 2001 by Michael Robertson with the goal of developing a Linux-based operating system capable of running major Microsoft Windows applications. It based its Windows compatibility on the Wine API emulation layer. The company later abandoned this approach in favor of attempting to make Linux applications easy to download, install and use. To this end a program named "CNR" was developed: based on Debian's Advanced Packaging Tool, it provides an easy-to-use graphical user interface and a slightly modified package system for an annual fee. The first public release of Linspire was version 1.0, released in late 2001.

Linspire's CNR (originally "Click'N'Run") is a software distribution service based on Debian's APT. It is designed to serve as a GUI-based, user-accessible means of downloading and installing various applications, both free and proprietary. The service allows users to install available applications using a single click. CNR also includes a set of "Click and Buy" (CNB) software, which includes many commercial applications to members at a discounted rate. Currently CNR has over 38,000 different software packages, ranging from simple applications to major commercial works such as Win4Lin and StarOffice. CNR was originally subscription-based with two tiers: "basic" service cost $20 annually, and "gold", featuring discounts on some commercial applications, $50. In 2006, Linspire announced that the "basic" service was to be made available for free.

CNR.com also provides access to thousands of Web-based Applications, providing the Linux community with the option of local Linux and Web Software, available through a single source (as of February 2008).
The same capabilities to browse and search the library of products with additional capabilities planned to improve the Web Software experience (bookmarking). The community will also have the capability to add new products to the already extensive library of applications available.

In August 2005, Andrew Betts released a Live CD based on Linspire and named "Freespire". Linspire, Inc. offered users a "free Linspire" (purchase price discounted to $0) by using the coupon code "Freespire" until September 9 2005. On April 24 2006, Linspire announced its own project named "Freespire". This follows the model of community-oriented releases by Red Hat and Novell in the form of Fedora and openSUSE. Freespire is a community-driven and -supported project tied to the commercial Linspire distribution, and includes previously proprietary software from Linspire, such as the CNR Client, while other elements, which Linspire, Inc. licenses but does not own, like the Windows Media Audio compatibility libraries, remain closed-source.

Linspire has drawn some criticism from the free software community. This has included anger for including proprietary software, with GNU founder Richard Stallman commenting: "No other GNU/Linux distribution has backslided so far away from freedom. Switching from MS Windows to Linspire does not bring you to freedom, it just gets you a different master."


Maemo

maemo (properly not capitalized ) is a project that oversees the development of the Internet Tablet OS and the maemo application development platform. The maemo project is paid for by Nokia.

The maemo SDK is based around the Debian-oriented Scratchbox Cross Compilation Toolkit, which provides a sandbox environment in which development may take place. Scratchbox uses Qemu to emulate an ARMEL processor or sbrsh to remotely execute instructions. Scratchbox-compatible rootstraps are available for both x86 and ARMEL, so the majority of development and debugging takes place on x86, with final packaging being for ARMEL.



MEPIS

MEPIS (pronunciation: meh-pis) is a set of Linux Distributions distributed as Live CDs. The most popular of these distributions is SimplyMEPIS. MEPIS distributions are based on Debian, some of them indirectly. For example, SimplyMEPIS 7.0 is based mainly on Debian, with additional source code from Ubuntu (which is also based on Debian). MEPIS distributions are created by Warren Woodford.

It can either be installed onto a hard drive or used as a Live CD, which makes it a boot disc for troubleshooting many operating systems. It includes KDE, the K Desktop Environment.

MEPIS was designed as an alternative to SUSE Linux, Red Hat Linux, and Mandriva Linux (formerly Mandrake) which, in the creator Warren Woodford's opinion, were too difficult for the average user. MEPIS's first official release was on May 10, 2003.

The most popular MEPIS distribution, SimplyMEPIS, is designed for everyday desktop and laptop computing. SimplyMEPIS 7.0 contains several new packages and features. It contains Linux 2.6.22 and OpenOffice.org 2.3.0. It was released on 2007-12-23.




St. Louis Cardinals

The St. Louis Cardinals (also called "the Cards" or "the Redbirds") are a Major League Baseball team based in St. Louis, Missouri. They are part of the Central Division in the National League. The Cardinals have won a National League record 11 World Series championships, second in Major League Baseball for most championships behind the New York Yankees, who have 27. They last won a World Series in 2011.

The Cardinals were started by the American Association in 1882 as the St. Louis Brown Stockings, who got their name from an earlier National League team. They joined the National League in 1892 and have been known as the Cardinals ever since 1900. The Cardinals began play in the current Busch Stadium in 2006, becoming the first team since 1923 to win the World Series in their first season in a new ballpark. They are the oldest current professional sports franchise west of the Mississippi River. The Cardinals have a strong rivalry with the Chicago Cubs that began in 1885.


NepaLinux

NepaLinux is a Debian and Morphix based Linux distribution focused on desktop usage in Nepali language computing. 

It contains applications for desktop users like OpenOffice.org, Nepali GNOME and KDE desktops, and a way for people to type Nepali text.
The development and distribution of NepaLinux is done by Madan Puraskar Pustakalaya. Version 1.0 was produced as part of the PAN Localization Project, with the support of the International Development Research Centre (IDRC) of Canada. NepaLinux is an effort of promoting Free and Open Source Software in Nepal.

In October 2007, NepaLinux was the joint recipient of the Association for Progressive Communications' annual APC FOSS prize.


Monsters, Inc.

Monsters, Inc. is a 2001 movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios. It was Pixar's fourth computer animated
Halloween movie. The movie was released to theaters by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States on November 2, 2001. It was released in Australia on December 26, 2001 and in the United Kingdom on February 8, 2002.

"Monsters, Inc." had a 3D re-release in theaters on December 19, 2012. A prequel titled "Monsters University", which was directed by Dan Scanlon, was released on June 21, 2013. A television series titled "Monsters at Work" was released on Disney+ on July 7, 2021.

Monsters Inc. is a factory where monsters walk into the bedrooms of children at night to scare them and harvest their screams, which generate energy to power the city of Monstropolis.

The film begins when a monster named Thaddeus unsuccessfully scares a child. One of the things he did wrong was that he left the door open, which is the worst mistake a monster can make because a child can walk out of the room and into the Monsters Inc. factory. According to Mr. Waternoose, the CEO of Monsters Inc., human children are toxic and even a single touch can kill a monster. For this reason, he needs scarers that are tough and frightening, such as Sulley. Sulley is the top scarer at the company, thanks to his assistant Mike. Randall, at second place, will work hard to take the top spot away from Sulley.

Sulley and Mike get up that morning and head to Monsters Inc. for work. In the lobby, he sees his girlfriend Celia Mae, the receptionist at the company. This means she answers calls from other monsters who work there. Mike wishes Celia a happy birthday and wants to take her to a fancy sushi restaurant called Harryhausens.

Mike heads to the scare floor to begin his work day, and Sulley meets him there. After the monsters have been scaring for a while, Mr. Waternoose tells Jerry, the scare floor manager, told him that 58 doors were lost that week because children are becoming less scared of monsters. Therefore, the company is not producing enough energy to continue operating and Mr. Waternoose must find some other way to get the energy needed to save the company. Shortly after that, all the doors are returned to the door warehouse and all the monsters go home.

Mike rushes out of work to go out with his girlfriend, so he forgets to finish his paperwork. Sulley goes back to the scare floor to get his paperwork. He finds a door with flowers, and peaks inside. He notices a little girl, whom he calls Boo, playing with his tail. He tries to put her back in the room, but Randall appears and sends the door back to the door warehouse. Sulley places Boo in a suitcase and heads to Harryhousens to see Mike. He shows Mike Boo, but she escapes and runs around the restaurant, which led the CDA to evacuate the restaurant and decontaminate it. Mike and Sulley bring Boo home.

The next day, Sulley and Mike put a monster costume on Boo before taking her to work so that nobody will think that she is a human child. In the lobby, Mr. Waternoose tells Sulley to stop by the simulation room to show trainees how scaring should be done. Sulley and Mike go to the scare floor to see if her door is there and it wasn’t. Then, Boo runs off and Sulley looks for her. However, Mike couldn’t follow him because Celia got mad at him for ruining their birthday dinner. He tries to kiss her, but she slaps him. He then runs off looking for Sulley. Randall stops Mike and asks where Boo is. After Mike finds Sulley and Boo, they go back to the scare floor and find her door there. Mike goes into her room and jumps on her bed. Randall then captures him, sends the door back to the warehouse, and takes him to the basement.

In the basement, Randall builds a machine called a scream extractor, which he uses to harvest screams from children’s mouths. Sulley and Boo go to the basement to find Randall and Fungus using the scream extractor on Mike. Sulley unplugs the machine and Mike escapes. Randall, plugs the machine back in and notices that his assistant Fungus is using it. Mike and Sulley head to the simulation room where Sulley shows off his scaring abilities. Mike explains the situation to Mr. Waternoose, who takes Boo and promises to set things right. However, he reveals that he is working with Randall as his henchman. He kidnaps Boo and sends Mike and Sulley through a door that leads to the Himalayas.

In the Himalayas, Mike and Sulley meet a snowman monster named Yeti, who was also sent to the Himalayas. Yeti tells both of them that there is a village nearby. Sulley and Mike both go there and enter the factory through a door in one of the houses there. They go to the basement, where Mr. Waternoose and Randall are using the scream extractor on Boo. Sulley saves Boo. He breaks the machine and throws it at Randall and Mr. Waternoose. Sulley and Mike escape from Randall and head back to the scare floor to see if her door is there so that they can put her back in her room. On the way, Celia attacks Mike, slowing them down. Celia asks Mike to tell the truth about what happened or else they are breaking up. Mike tells her what happened, but she doesn’t believe him until she sees Boo. 

Mike and Sulley then ride doors through the door warehouse looking for Boo’s door, while being chased by Randall. After Randall attempts to defeat both of them multiple times, they trap him in a door that leads to a trailer. In the trailer, two people think he is an alligator and hit him multiple times with a shovel. After defeating Randall, they head back to the scare floor with Boo’s door. When they get back to the scare floor, Mr. Waternoose and the CDA are there waiting for them so that Waternoose can take Boo and the CDA can arrest Mike and Sulley. Mike distracts the CDA while Sulley and Boo escape, leading Mr. Waternoose into a scare simulation room. There, Sulley tricks Mr. Waternoose into revealing his conspiracy with Randall to kidnap thousands of children. Mike records the conversation, exposing him to the CDA, and Mr. Waternoose is arrested. Undercover CDA agent Roz allows Sulley to send Boo home, but has the door demolished.

Sulley discovers that laughter can save the company, as laughter is proven to be 10 times more powerful than screams. With that, Sulley takes the helm of Monsters Inc. as the new CEO. During the company’s first day of making children laugh, Mike and Sulley go to the simulation room to find Boo’s door put back together. Sulley enters it and sees Boo. At that point, the movie ends.

The idea for "Monsters, Inc." came during a lunch in 1994 attended by John Lasseter, Pete Docter, Andrew Stanton and Joe Ranft. One of the ideas that came out of the brainstorming session was a movie about monsters. "When we were making "Toy Story", Pete Docter claimed, "everybody came up to me and said that they totally believed that their toys came to life when they left the room. When Disney asked us to make more films, I wanted to tap into a child-like notion that was similar to "Toy Story". I knew monsters were coming out of my closet when I was a kid. So I decided monsters would be appropriate". Docter's original idea revolved around a 30-year-old man dealing with monsters (which he drew in a book as a boy) coming back to bother him as an adult. Each monster represented a fear he had, and conquering those fears caused the monsters eventually to disappear.

Pete Docter started working on the script in 1996. He completed a draft treatment in February 1997 with Harley Jessup, Jill Culton and Jeff Pidgeon. However, Sulley worked in the scream refinery before being changed to Monsters Inc.'s top scare producer. Also Boo was 6 years old, but was changed to 3 years. This was because "The younger she was, she became the more dependent on Sulley," claimed by Pete Docter. The initial story did not have the character of Mike Wazowski. Mike wasn't added to the story until in April 1998, when development artist Ricky Nierva drew a concept sketch of Mike and everyone liked it. Jeff Pidgeon and Jason Katz story-boarded a test in which Mike was helping Sulley choose a tie for work and Mike Wazowski soon became a vital character in the movie. Originally Mike had no arms, and had to use his legs as appendages, however due to technical difficulties arms were soon added. Billy Crystal had been approached to play Buzz Lightyear in the original "Toy Story", but turned down the offer. However, once he saw the film, he regretted not taking the part, and when he was approached to play Mike, he jumped at the offer. The film went into production in 2000.

One of the major breakthroughs of "Monsters, Inc." was the simulated movement of Sulley's fur and Boo's shirt. The animators would animate the characters "Bald and Naked". Once the animation was finished, a computer program aided by the "Simulation Department" would apply the hair and cloth onto the characters. If Sulley moved the hair would react to the movement just like it would in nature. The same goes for Boo's T-shirt that would produce wrinkles in the fabric. This would save the animators from animating the three million hairs on Sullivan individually.

Harryhausen's was originally going to be blown up but due to the September 11 attacks, the explosion was replaced with a plasma containment orb.

A lawsuit by Stanley Mouse alleged that the characters of Mike and Sulley were based on drawings he had tried to sell to Hollywood in 1998.



Durango

Durango is a state in northwest Mexico. About 1,510,000 people live there. Its capital is Victoria de Durango.

Girlfriend (disambiguation)

A girlfriend is a female friend or romantic partner.

Girlfriend may also mean:



Bohemian Rhapsody

Bohemian Rhapsody is a song by English rock band Queen. It was written by Freddie Mercury, and was released on their 1975 album "A Night at the Opera".

Though some artists had made video clips to accompany songs (including Queen themselves; for example, their earlier singles "Keep Yourself Alive", "Liar", "Seven Seas of Rhye" and "Killer Queen" already had "pop promos", as they were known at the time), it was only after the success of "Bohemian Rhapsody" that it became a regular practice for record companies to produce promotional videos for artists' single releases. "The Guardian" stated it "ensured videos would henceforth be a mandatory tool in the marketing of music". These videos could then be shown on television shows around the world, such as the BBC's "Top of the Pops", without the need for the artist to appear in person. A promo video also allowed the artist to have their music broadcast and accompanied by their own choice of visuals, rather than dancers such as Pan's People. According to May, the video was produced so that the band could avoid miming on "Top of the Pops" since they would have looked off miming to such a complex song. He also said that the band knew they would be set to appear at Dundee's Caird Hall on tour, a date which clashed with the programme, thus a promo would solve the issue. The video has been hailed as launching the MTV age.

The band used Trillion, a subsidiary of Trident Studios, their former management company and recording studio. They hired one of their trucks and got it to Elstree Studios, where the band was rehearsing for their tour. The video was directed by Bruce Gowers, who had directed a video of the band's 1974 performance at the Rainbow Theatre in London, and was recorded by cameraman Barry Dodd and assistant director/floor manager Jim McCutcheon. The video was recorded in just four hours on 10 November 1975, at a cost of £4,500. Gowers reported that the band was involved in the discussion of the video and the result, and "was a co-operative to that extent, but there was only one leader."
The video opens with a shot of the four band members standing in diamond formation with their heads tilted back in near darkness as they sing the "a cappella" part. The lights fade up, and the shots cross-fade into close-ups of Mercury. The composition of the shot is the same as Mick Rock's cover photograph for their second album "Queen II". The photo, inspired by a photograph of actress Marlene Dietrich, was the band's favourite image of themselves. The video then fades into them playing their instruments. In the opera section of the video, the scene reverts to the "Queen II" standing positions, after which they perform once again on stage during the hard rock segment. In the closing seconds of the video Roger Taylor is depicted stripped to the waist, striking the tam tam in the manner of the trademark of the Rank Organisation's Gongman, familiar in the UK as the opening of all Rank film productions.

All of the special effects were achieved during the recording, rather than editing. The visual effect of Mercury's face cascading away (during the echoed lines "Magnifico" and "Let me go") was accomplished by pointing the camera at a monitor, giving visual feedback, a glare analogous to audio feedback. The honeycomb illusion was created using a shaped lens. The video was edited within five hours because it was due to be broadcast the same week in which it was taped. The video was sent to the BBC as soon as it was completed and aired for the first time on "Top of the Pops" in November 1975.

This video was directed by Paul Rudish and released on December 22, 1996, the video is was based on the fairy tale "The Steadfast Tin Soldier" by Hans Christian Andersen, a broken toy soldier with one leg falls in love with a toy ballerina and protects her from an evil jack-in-the-box. Unlike the original story, this version has a happy ending. It was animated by Rough Draft Korea.

While, at first, record companies believed the song would not receive radio airplay due to its length (5 minutes and 55 seconds) and its difference to other songs of the time, it became #1 on many charts. It is now played on the radio in full-length.

School of Rock

School of Rock is a 2003 American musical comedy movie starring Jack Black.

Dewey Finn (Black) has been kicked out of his band. His roommate is a substitute teacher. Finn finds one of his requests for a private school and goes in his roommate's place as he needs the money for rent. He soon finds out that the school, in Woodbury, New York, has music lessons, so he enlists the class to become his band. They plan to perform at Battle of the Bands. However, his roommate's girlfriend finds out that Finn was impersonating her boyfriend and gets him kicked off the job. Finn is down until the kids get their own school bus, pick Finn up, and play at the concert. The band loses to another one, but Finn establishes a school for rock, and the kids come over to his place to take lessons.

On July 14, 2008 the "School of Rock 2" sequel was confirmed. In 2012, Jack Black said that a sequel is unlikely.


Bay Area Rapid Transit

Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) is a heavy rail public rapid transit system that serves the San Francisco Bay Area in northern California. It joins the cities of the East Bay, including Oakland, with San Francisco. Construction began in 1964. The first trains began running on September 11, 1972.
As of 2022, there are five main lines on the system. There are of track (using a wider-than-normal gauge of ). There are 50 stations. Like other rapid transit systems in the world, tracks are in underground tunnels in inner cities, and on elevated viaducts in suburban areas. In some places, they are in the middle of freeways. The busiest part of the system is the Transbay Tube, a underwater tunnel under the San Francisco Bay. Almost 150,000 people pass through the tube every day.

The fare which people pay to ride BART depends on how far they go. They first buy paper magnetic stripe cards inside the station. Then they insert this ticket into the gate, walk through the gate, and take the ticket out. They then get on board the train. Sometimes they have to change from one train to another to get to where they want to go. After they leave the train at their destination, they insert their ticket into the fare gate again to exit the station. Printed numbers on the card show how much money is left on the ticket. A passenger who enters and exits the same station will be charged an "excursion fare". As of July 26, 2023, the fare was $6.40.

In the 2000s, BART was expanded to reach San Francisco International Airport. It now goes as far as Millbrae. Two other branch lines have opened since then. In 2014, BART opened a short line to Oakland International Airport that uses trains pulled by cables. An extension of the Pittsburg line to Antioch, which opened in 2018, uses diesel multiple units on standard gauge tracks instead of the electric, broad-gauge trains used on the main lines. A project is also going on to expand the southern main line into San Jose. The entire extension was supposed to be completed in 2018. Instead, the first new stations were opened on June 13, 2020 after breakdowns in communication and testing with the line.

UMD

UMD could mean:


Universities:

Betty Davis

Betty Davis (July 26, 1944 – February 9, 2022) was an American funk-soul singer, famous in the 1970s. She was married to Miles Davis.

Davis died on February 9, 2022 at her home in Homestead, Pennsylvania from cancer at the age of 77.


Let Go

Let Go is singer Avril Lavigne's first album. It was released on June 04, 2002. It has sold 16 million copies, making it Lavigne's best-selling album so far.






Anshan (Persia)

Anshan (or Anzan, , modern: Tal-i Malyan) was an ancient town in what was then Elam empire (today's Iran) in the province Fars. The oldest settlement may have been as early as 5500 BC.

Anshan was later ruled by the Achaemenid dynasty and became one of the primary cities of the Persian Achaemenid Empire. The Persian prince Teispes (675-640 BC) conquered the city and called himself "king of the city of Anshan"

Anshan is a big archaeological place today containing around 200 hectares. Excavations (digs) carried out by the University of Pennsylvania took place in 1971, 1972, 1974, 1976 and 1978.

University of Maryland, College Park

The University of Maryland, College Park, often called simply the University of Maryland, is a public university in College Park, Maryland. It is the largest university in a group called the "University System of Maryland."

In 1856, the Maryland Agricultural College was chartered. Sixty years later, the state of Maryland took control of the college and renamed it Maryland State University. In 1920, it joined several professional schools in the area to become the University of Maryland. It joined the Association of American Universities in 1925.


Another Code: Two Memories

Another Code: Two Memories (called Trace Memory in North America) is an adventure video game made by CING and published by Nintendo on the Nintendo DS handheld.

"Another Code" is about a 13-year-old girl called Ashley Mizuki Robbins who goes to an island called "Blood Edward Island", an island near Washington after her dad sent her a package with a machine in it two days before her 14th birthday. She goes with her aunt Jessica, who raised her when her parents disappeared. When her dad is not there, Jessica goes looking for him, and Ashley eventually has to find them both. She meets a ghost named "D", and joins with him to search a mansion on the island.

More Brain Training from Dr. Kawashima: How Old Is Your Brain?

More Brain Training from Dr. Kawashima: How Old Is Your Brain? (known as Brain Age 2: More Training in Minutes a Day!) is a puzzle video game made by Nintendo on the Nintendo DS handheld. It's one of the best-selling DS games.

Dr. Kawashima's Brain Training: How Old Is Your Brain?

Dr. Kawashima's Brain Training: How Old Is Your Brain? (known as Brain Age: Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day!) is a puzzle video game made by Nintendo on the Nintendo DS handheld. It was released in 2006. It is one of the best-selling DS games. A second game: "", was released in 2007.

"Dr. Kawashima's Brain Training: How Old Is Your Brain?" uses educational puzzles that are math, word games, memorization games, and other kinds of games. The point of the game is to keep the player's brain young using these educational puzzles. The player is supposed to try and keep their brain at 20, which the game says is the perfect age. It's based on a book by Ryuta Kawashima. The DS is held like a book on its side with the top screen on the left and the bottom screen on the right (opposite for lefties).

The Brain Age Check lets the player check how old he or she is by doing puzzles.

The Training mode lets the player play most of the puzzles without doing a Brain Age Check.

The Sudoku mode was added to the non-Japanese versions of the game since it was so popular.

"Brain Age" was a popular game, and sold more than 3 million in Japan, 1 million in the United States, and 2 million in PAL regions.

Super Mario Strikers

Mario Smash Football (called Super Mario Strikers in North America) is a 2005 football video game made by Next Level Games and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console. A sequel was made on the Wii called "Mario Strikers Charged Football".

Mario Strikers Charged

Mario Strikers Charged Football (called Mario Strikers Charged in North America) is a 2007 football video game made by Next Level Games and published by Nintendo for the Wii game console.

Clubhouse Games

Clubhouse Games is a 2006 video game published by Nintendo and developed by Agenda. It features 42 parlor games. It is for the Nintendo DS game console.


Halifax Explosion

The Halifax explosion took place on December 6, 1917 when the SS "Mont-Blanc", a French cargo ship loaded with explosives collided with the SS "Imo", a Norwegian ship in the harbour in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. 1,782 people were killed and over 9,000 people were injured. This was the largest man-made explosion in history until July 1945 when the first atomic bomb blew up. It is still the largest accidental explosion in history. People were said to hear it from over 100km away!


Kassite dynasty

The Kassite dynasty was ruled by the Kassites. They were an obscure mountain tribe who came to power in Babylon after the collapse of the First Dynasty of Babylon in 1595 following a Hittite sack of the city, and became rulers of northern Babylonia. 

The Kassites (Persian: کاسی‌ها) were an ancient people from Zagros mountains. Kassites were a federation of several nomadic tribes living in the Zagros mountains, in modern Loristan (Iran).

In the 18th century BCE, the Kassites started to infiltrate Mesopotamia, which was ruled by the successors of the famous king Hammurabi of Babylon (1792–1750). Kassites threatened Babylonia, which they captured in 1750 BC.

The Kassite dynasty dominated Mesopotamia from the 16th to the 12th century BC.

By turning southern Mesopotamia into a state, instead of a group of temple-cities, the Kassites made Babylonia an international power. They ruled Babylonia almost without interruption for about four hundred years — the longest rule by any dynasty in Babylonian history.

Kassite kings established trade and diplomacy with Assyria, Egypt, Elam and the Hittites. The Kassite royal house intermarried with their royal families. There were foreign merchants in Babylon and other cities. Babylonian merchants traded from Egypt (a source of Nubian gold) to Assyria and Anatolia. Kassite weights and seals, the tools of trade, have been found in Thebes in Greece, in southern Armenia, and even in a shipwreck off the southern coast of today's Turkey.

The Kassite kings set up a network of provinces administered by governors. Nippur, a formerly great city, had been virtually abandoned. It was rebuilt in the Kassite period, and became the most important provincial center. Under the Kassite government, the governor of Nippur ruled as a secondary (lesser) king. Some 13th century Kassite kings even took the title 'Governor of Nippur' for themselves.

The Elamites conquered Babylonia in the 12th century , thus ending the Kassite state. The last Kassite king, Enlil-nadin-ahi, was taken to Susa and imprisoned there, where he died. However, Kassites survived as a distinct ethnic group in the mountains of Lorestan long after the Kassite state collapsed.


Rhythm Tengoku

"Rhythm Tengoku" is a level-based music mini-game collection which has a total of five normal levels and one remix level for every set of levels, which total eight sets, 48 levels in all. The game is set up with mostly different levels - for example, the first level has the player punch objects and the second level has the player pluck hairs out of an onion, both in the beat to the music that they use. The player has to beat one level to go onto to the next. When he or she has beaten all five levels in a set, a remix appears, which is a level that has the five levels in the set remixed into one, using a different song. "Rhythm Tengoku" starts with a Rhythm Test that checks how well the player's beat is.

In each level, the player's score at the end is figured out by how well he or she hits the beats. There are three types of hits:

At the end of the level, the player is awarded one of three ranks - High Level, Mediocre, and Redo. If the player gets anything but Redo, the level is cleared, and getting High Level in a level gets the player a Perfect Campaign, which unlocks stuff in the "Bonus Corner" depending on how many the player unlocks. 

After the player beats enough levels, the game lets him or her try to get a perfect score, which gets the player a heart on the level he or she beats. The game tells the player when a level can have a heart won on it.

Besides the main game, there are six side features - the Cafe, the Toys, the Games, the Drum Lessons, the Staff, and the Live mode. The Cafe is used for advice, while the Toys, Games, and Drum Lessons have unlockable mini-games that can be played. The Staff mode shows the game's credits, and Live is a mode where the player plays in a band and is the drummer.

The Drum Lessons mode teaches the player how to play the drums in "Rhythm Tengoku". The teacher, Drum Samurai, shows the player a short song that he or she must copy exactly. Drums use all of the buttons except for Start and Select, each button being a different part of the drum. The player is shown how well he or she did at the end and is given a rank. The drums can be played in the Studio mode, where the player can take any song in the game and play the drums to it. The drums are also used in the Live mode.

All music tracks in the game was made for it by Tsunku, the game's composer. Because the Game Boy Advance can only do so much, most of the music is limited, and only a few songs have lyrics.

A soundtrack was released on October 15, 2008 with 140 songs from this game and its sequel, "Rhythm Tengoku Gold".

Tsunku contributed more than 30 soundtracks, and worked with Nintendo's Yoshio Sakamoto in making the game. It was not known until the game's release that Tsunku was involved with the game, with the Drum Samurai being based on him. Because it was developed by R&D1, it looks like and plays like the "WarioWare" series.

"Rhythm Tengoku" has received many positive reviews. EuroGamer called it "effortlessly entertaining," or that the game was very fun without putting too much work into it. Edge said it was a best takes on rhythm games and one of the last good Game Boy Advance games.

"Rhythm Tengoku" received an Excellence Prize for Entertainment at the 10th annual Japan Media Arts Festival in 2006.

By the end of 2006, "Rhythm Tengoku" sold a total of 282,879 copies and was the 43rd best-selling game of that year.

Nintendo and Sega made an arcade version of "Rhythm Tengoku" that had multiplayer, which the Game Boy Advance version did not have. It has all the same levels as in the Game Boy Advance version, but it has a new mode that lets the first six games be played at a faster tempo.

Nintendo released a sequel to "Rhythm Tengoku" called "Rhythm Heaven" for the Nintendo DS. It's made by the same people who made this game. It uses the DS' touch screen instead of the buttons, and the DS is held sideways. While "Rhythm Tengoku" has only been sold in Japan, the second game came out in the United States, Europe, and Australia. Another game was made called "Rhythm Heaven Fever" for the Wii.


Rhythm Heaven

Rhythm Heaven is a music video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console. It is the sequel to "Rhythm Tengoku".

"Rhythm Heaven" only uses the touch screen on the DS to play the stages. In the stages, the player has to do what the game wants him or her to, like in a level where the player has a song in the background, and has to fill robots with a liquid to send it off. The robot goes on a conveyer belt, and the player has to drop the nozzle to the beat of the music and try to get it to land on its head. Then, the player has to hold it there until the robot fills up and flies away. If the player does it right, he or she gets a perfect hit. If the player overfills, underfills, or barely misses, it's a half-hit. If the player misses completely, it's a miss. At the end, the player is ranked, either getting a Perfect Level, Mediocre, or a Miss. The touch screen can do a lot of stuff, like a "flick" motion where the player flicks in a direction with the stylus or just touch the screen. The first stage has the player flicking a screw using a spring to the beat of the music. At the right moment, the player has to flick the screw into two squares as they roll down the level at the right time to make them come together. 

There's a mode called Guitar Lessons that's like the Drum Lessons in "Rhythm Tengoku".

Like in "Rhythm Tengoku", Tsunku made the music for this game. A soundtrack released on October 15, 2008 with 140 songs from this game and "Rhythm Tengoku", which came before this game.

Caricature

A caricature (from the Italian "caricatura", which means "loaded portrait") is a portrait or drawing of a person that exaggerates the way they look, usually to create a humorous effect, or a political statement.


Cincinnati Red Stockings

The Cincinnati Red Stockings of 1869 were baseball's first all-professional team. The team is in Cincinnati, Ohio. The Cincinnati Base Ball Club started in 1866 and played teams in the National Association of Base Ball Players 1867 to 1870. In 1969, Major League Baseball played those events officially by starting professional baseball.

The Red Stockings established styles in team uniforms and team nicknames that have some currency even in the 21st century. They also have a particular color, red, as the color of Cincinnati (and serve as the use of "Red Sox" in Boston as well).


Eddie Gaedel

Edward Carl "Eddie" Gaedel (June 8, 1925– June 18, 1961) is a former professional baseball player. Gaedel played in his only major league game on August 19, 1951, against the Detroit Tigers. He got walked on four pitches in a row and was taken out of the game. Gaedel was officially listed as standing and weighing .


Phở

Phở is a traditional Vietnamese rice-noodle soup dish. It is served in a cup of tea. It has white rice noodles in beef broth with thin cuts of beef, vegetable, and spice such as chili or chili sauce. Sometimes, frog legs, shark intestines, snake heads, tendon, tripe, meatballs, chicken leg, chicken breast, or other organs (heart, liver, etc.) are also available. Pho that is cooked with chicken instead of beef is called phở gà.

Phở is a very popular food in Vietnam. It was brought to many other countries when Vietnamese immigrants and refugees moved to those places.

A special kind of noodle called "bánh phở" that is made from rice is used to make phở. It is flat and white.

The broth is usually made from beef bones. Meat can also be used to make the broth. Also there are many spices (ginger, cardamom, cinnamon, star anise, clove) that are boiled too to make the broth.

Onions, basil, chilis, and other vegetables can be added.

Sriracha (chili) sauce and hoisin sauce can be added to the phở. Some people also like to squeeze lime juice into their phở.


Company

A company is a type of business. The definition of the term varies by country. Some companies, usually larger ones, are organized as corporations. It is often a business organization which makes goods or services in an organized manner and sells them to the public for profit. It may also be a non-profit organization. A company may hire people to be the staff of the company.

The term is also used more broadly for any group who work together, such as the crew of a ship or the cast of a play.

Anti-social behaviour order

An ASBO, or an Antisocial behaviour order, is a British legal term for an order that is sometimes served on people who often behave badly and have many complaints made against them because of their behaviour. The order is designed to stop them from being anti-social, which means causing distress or alarm (among other things) to other people that do not live in the same place as themselves, according to the Crime & Disorder Act. 1998. ASBO's were ended and replaced with "Injunctions" in 2015

Some types of anti-social behaviour are:

An ASBO prohibits people from doing certain things, in certain times, in certain places. For instance, it might ban a person from gathering with certain friends in the park after 8 o'clock if that group of people have previously caused trouble together.

There is also something called an ABC, which stands for an Acceptable Behaviour Contract, and are often used to make sure people try to be "nice". It is flexible, and can be used in serious situations as well as low key ones.

Sometimes the ASBO can seem quite unusual when it is used to stop certain people from doing things, for example:

Foibe massacres

The Massacres of Foibe are the mass killings in which the majority of victims were ethnic Italians in 1943, after the capitulation of Italy on 8 September, and in 1945, when Yugoslav partisans under the command of Tito occupied parts of Venezia Giulia, Istria and Dalmatia. Historians have claimed the violence and consequent Italian Istrian-Dalmatian exodus was a planned ethnic cleansing. National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe is Italian celebration in memory of the victims.
The estimate is several thousand killed Italian citizens. According to a report issued in 2000 by a mixed Slovene-Italian historical commission established in 1993, the number of people missing from the region, most of whom finished in the "foibe", local geological clefts, range from 1,300 to 1,600 but this estimate does not include those killed in current Croatian territory. Some of them were court-martialed fascists or enemy soldiers, but many civilian persons were also killed. The great majority of the persons killed were of Italian nationality.

The killings beginning after the capitulation of Italy in 1943, and the massacres of 1945 occurred partly under conditions of guerrilla fighting of Slovenian and Croatian partisans with the German and remaining Italian Fascist forces, and partially after the occupation of the territory by the army formations of Yugoslavia. Killings may have included war crimes as well as civilian crimes of private or political retaliation, as well as "political cleansing" and planned ethnic cleansing since 1947. Also Italian communists with Slav partisans killed Italian people; in addition to the foibe, several other carnages committed by Italian communist partisans under Palmiro Togliatti's command in the resistance movement have remained unacknowledged and undiscussed for many years.
Victims were not all Italians because many killed citizen were anticommunist Croats and Slovenes: many women were raped before killing. Historians like Raoul Pupo or Roberto Spazzali estimated the total number of victims at about 5,000; Guido Rumici calculates from 11,000 upwards including all people died in concentration camps; Giampaolo Pansa calculates around 15,000 people died in concentration camps; fascist politician and historian Giorgio Pisanò calculated total from 10,000 upwards. It was never possible to extract all the thousands of corpses from foibes because some of them are deeper than several hundred meters. Until few years ago it had been able to extract from the pits just a small number of bodies, less than six hundred while other sources are attempting to compile lists of locations and possible victim numbers. Almost all historians calculate hundreds of victims were assassinated by hard pushes to foibe while the estimated number of total people killed in concentration camps is disputed and varies in thousands; probably only some of the bodies were hidden in foibe but a lot of bodies were accumulated in mass graves. Main concentration camps were in: Borovnica, Skofja Loka, Osijek, Stara Gradiska, Sisak, Zemun, Vrsac, Osseh, Aidussina, Maribor.


No investigation of the crimes had been initiated either by Italy, Yugoslavia or any international bodies, until after Slovenia became an independent country in 1991. Italian-Slovene relations in the relevant period (1880s to 1950s) have been under intensive study by historians since 1990. A joint report by a commission of historians from both countries was published under the auspices of the two governments in the year 2000. The report puts the Italian-Slovenian relations in a wider context. It touches also on the question of mass killings associated with the "foibe". As no exact count was ascertained, the report includes a wording of "hundreds of victims," referring to the territory relevant for Italo-Slovenian relations, and thus excluding the Croatian territories.

Even since Slovenia joined the European Union the relations between the two nations are a matter of political debate. The debate gained high visibility after the Italian Parliament, under Prime Minister Berlusconi and his coalition partners of centre-right provenance, made 10 February a "National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe", first celebrated in Trieste in 2005. The 2005 celebration of the "Memorial Day" was accompanied by an RAI TV movie production The Heart in the Pit (It: "Il Cuore nel Pozzo") . The movie was viewed by 17 million spectators on its first broadcasting in Italy alone.

Many Italians were forced to leave the country after massacres. Economic insecurity, fear of further retaliation and the change of regime that eventually led to the Iron Curtain splitting the Trieste-Istria region, resulted in approximately 350,000 people, mostly Italians, leaving territories in Istria and Dalmatia. The inhabitants of territories that were under Italian rule since World War I according to the Treaty of Rapallo of 1920, later assigned to Yugoslavia by the Paris Peace Treaty of 1947-02-10 and the London Memorandum of 1954 were given a choice of opting to leave (optants) or staying. These exiles were to be given compensation for their loss of property and other indemnity by the Italian state under the terms of the peace treaties.

On February 18, 1983, Yugoslavia and Italy signed a treaty in Rome where Yugoslavia agreed to pay 110 million USD for the compensation of the exiles' property which was confiscated after the war. By the time of its breakup in 1991 Yugoslavia had paid 18 million USD. Slovenia and Croatia, two Yugoslav successors, agreed to share the remainder of this debt. Slovenia assumed 62% and Croatia the remaining 38%. Italy did not want to reveal the bank account number so in 1994 Slovenia opened a fiduciary account at Dresdner Bank in Luxembourg, informed Italy about it and started paying its 55,976,930 USD share. The last payment was paid in January 2002. Until today Croatia hopes for a different solution of this matter and has not paid. The Italian side has not withdrawn a single dollar from the account yet.

In 1992 Italian judge Giuseppe Pittitto started a criminal trial after a complaint against suspected Slav criminals of war. Oscar Piskulic and Ivan Motika were both principal accused but they were discharged because territorial jurisdiction was rejected and they received acquittal under the amnesty of 1959. In 1997 some Italian deputies pressed their government for extradition of suspected Slav criminals but diplomatic problems stopped Italian action. All Italian historians consider Josip Broz Tito the chief of Slav criminals, but his corpse still stays in a mausoleum.




Report of the Italian-Slovene commission of historians (in three languages)



Istrian–Dalmatian exodus

Istrian-Dalmatian exodus was the diaspora or forced migration of ethnic Italians from Istria, Fiume, and Dalmatia, after World War II. Those territories had been ethnically mixed since the Middle Ages. Most people were Italians, but there were also Slovenian, Croatian, Serbian and other communities.

National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe is Italian celebration in memory of all exiles and victims in the massacres of Foibe.

Istria including Fiume (Rijeka) and parts of Dalmatia including Zara (zadar), had been annexed to Italy after World War I. At the end of World War II the former Italian territories in Istria and Dalmatia became part of Yugoslavia by the Paris Peace Treaty (1947), with the only exception being the communes of Muggia and San Dorligo della Valle.

Italian sources claim that about 350,000 ethnic Italians had to leave the areas after the conflict. Official data shows that between 1948 and 1961 (the "exodus" started in 1943 in Dalmatia and in 1945 in the rest of the territory) the numbers of ethnic Italians living in Slovenia - almost exclusively in Slovenian Istria and along the Italian border - decreased by nearly 87% (from 25,451 to 3,072). The data for the Former Yugoslavia shows a decrease in the same years from 113,278 to 25,615. According to Slovenian historian Matjaž Klemenčič, ""in 1953 only 36,000" (Italians) "lived in the region of former Yugoslavia, i.e. 16% of the Italian population before World War II. Italians also emigrated in later decades (most of them to Australia, Canada, South America or the USA). Therefore their population declined in each subsequent census until 1981. We have to emphasize that the data of the Yugoslav census are unreliable in relation to the real number if Italians, since many members of the Italian minority, for various reasons, chose 'Nationality Undeclared' or their regional identity (most as 'Istrians'). In the 1991 census there was a relatively large increase of Italians," (19,213 in the Regions of autochthonous settlements of Italians in Croatia) "compared to 1981 census" (15,132). "Many Italians who in previous census did not declare as such, declared themselves 'Italians' in 1991 because they counted on the help of Italy in forthcoming crises in the region"".

In some municipalities in Croatia in Slovenia, census data shows that there are still many Italians living in Istria, such as 66% of the population of Grisignano (519 Italians), 41% at Bertoniglia (652 Italians) and nearly 40% in Buie (2,118 Italians).

The Italians in coastal Slovenia and Croatia were mostly an indigenous population (in 1910 they accounted for more than a third of the local inhabitants, while in Istria they were nearly 55%), bolstered by new arrivals or the so called "regnicoli", never well liked by the slavs by the indigenous Venetian-speaking Istrians, who arrived between 1918-1943, when Istria, Fiume, part of Dalmatia, and the islands of Cres (Cherso), Lussino, Lagosta, and Pelagosa (Palagruža) were part of Italy. The Austrian 1910 census indicated about 182,500 people who listed Italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of Slovenia and Croatia: 137,131 in Istria, 28,911 in Fiume/Rijeka (1918), 11,487 in Zara/Zadar, 5,000 in Dalmatia, while the Italian 1936 census indicated about 230,000 people who listed Italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of Slovenia and Croatia, then part of the Italian state (ca. 194,000 in today’s Croatia and ca. 36,000 in today’s Slovenia). From the end of World War II until 1953, according to various data, between 250,000 and 350,000 people emigrated from these regions. Some thousands were Slovenes and Croats who opposed the Communist government in Yugoslavia, while most were ethnic Italians, the so-called "optanti" emigrants who were living permanently in this region on 10 June 1940 and who expressed their wish to obtain Italian citizenship and emigrate to Italy. The emigration of Italians greatly reduced the total population of the region and totally altered its ethnic structure.

In 1953, officially, only 36,000 Italians lived in Yugoslavia, 16% of the Italian population before World War II. In its 1996 report on 'Local self-government, territorial integrity and protection of minorities' the Council of Europe's European Commission for Democracy through Law (the Venice Commission) put it that "a great majority of the local Italians, Italianites (of Slavic and other origin), many thousands of Slovenes and of nationally undefined bilingual 'Istrians' used their legal right from the peace treaty to 'opt out' of the Yugoslav controlled part of Istria. In several waves they moved to Italy and elsewhere (also overseas) and claimed Italian or other citizenship. The mass exodus of the optanti (or "esuli" as they were called in Italy) from 'godless communist Yugoslavia' was actively encouraged by the Italian authorities, Italian radio and the Roman Catholic bishop of Trieste. After this huge drain, the numerical strength of the remaining Italian minority became stable".

Evidence of Italic people living alongside those from other ethnic groups on the eastern side of the Adriatic as far north as the Alps goes back at least to the Bronze Age. A 2001 population census counted 23 languages spoken by the people of Istria. Istria and Dalmatia were fully latinized at the fall of the Roman empire in the fifth century.

From the Middle Ages onwards numbers of Slavic people near and on the Adriatic coast were increasing, due to their expanding population and due to pressure from the Turks pushing them from the south and east. This led to Italic people becoming ever more confined to urban areas in Dalmatia, while the countryside was populated by Slavs, with certain isolated exceptions. But Istria remained fully Italian until the Ottoman invasion in the sixteenth century.

The original majority Italian population suffered economic and political disadvantages, which gradually increased with the Austro-Hungarian empire in the 19th century. This created emigration: in Dalmatia the Dalmatian Italians were 25% in 1815, but a century later in 1915 they were only 2%.

In 1915, the Italians attacked the Austro-Hungarian Empire leading to bloody conflict mainly on the Isonzo and Piave fronts. Britain, France and Russia had been "keen to bring neutral Italy into World War One on their side. Italy however drove a hard bargain, demanding extensive territorial concessions once the war had been won". In a deal to draw Italy into the war, under the London Pact, Italy was granted Trentino, Trieste, (the German-speaking) South Tyrol, and Istria including large non-Italian communities. But Dalmatia was excluded, as was Rijeka. In Dalmatia, not granted to Italy by the London pact, Italy gained the city of Zadar and some islands.

After World War I, under the Treaty of Rapallo between the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (later Kingdom of Yugoslavia) and the Kingdom of Italy (12 November 1920), Italy obtained all of Istria with Trieste, the exception being the island of Krk and part of Kastav commune, which went to the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. By the Treaty of Rome (27 January 1924) the Free state of Fiume was split between Italy and Yugoslavia.

After the Wehrmacht invasion of Yugoslavia (6 April 1941), the Italian zone of occupation was further expanded. Italy annexed large areas of coastal Yugoslavia (including most of coastal Dalmatia) and Slovenia (including its capital Ljubljana).

After the Second World War, there were large-scale movements of people choosing to move to Italy rather than live in Yugoslavia. In Yugoslavia, the people who left were called "optanti", which translates as 'choosers', while they call themselves "esuli" or exiles. Their motives for leaving may have been fear of reprisals and murders, economic motives, or ethnically based.

When the Fascist regime collapsed in 1943 reprisals against Italian fascists and civilians (even Italian communists) took place. At least 200 Italians were killed by Tito's resistance movement in September 1943; some had been connected to the fascist regime, while others were victims of personal hatred or the attempt of the partisan resistance to get rid of its real or supposed enemies. These events took place in central and eastern Istria, as well as in Slovenian Primorska.<br>The second wave of anti-Italian violence took place after occupation of Slav army in May 1945. This was known as the foibe massacres; actually it was a repeat of what had been already begun in 1943 but in larger scale.

Many Italian sources claim that these killings were ethnic cleansing and genocide: Italian people were forced to mass migration by Tito supporters.
The mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission, established in 1995 by the two governments to investigate the matters, described the 1945 killings:

The number of victims is not certain. The Italian historian Raoul Pupo suggests 4,500 were killed (including the events of 1943), mostly Italians, but many bodies wearing Partisan uniforms were found as well, so the number is subject to many interpretations. Other sources suggest numbers reaching up to 30,000 killed or missing.

Economic insecurity, ethnic hatred and the international political context that led to the Iron Curtain resulted in about 350,000 people, mostly Italians, choosing to leave the region. The London Memorandum of 1954 gave to the ethnic Italians the choice of either opting to leave (the so-called "optants") or staying. These exiles were to be given compensation for their loss of property and other indemnity by the Italian state under the terms of the peace treaties. Following the exodus, the areas were settled with Yugoslav people.

The exodus took place between 1943 and 1960; Italians allege that most of their numbers left in

The first period took place after the surrender of the Italian army and the beginning of the first wave of anti-fascist violence.

The second period was soon after the end of the war and approximately around the time of the second wave of anti-fascist violence. The Wehrmacht was engaged in a front-wide retreat from the Yugoslav Partisans, along with the local collaborationist forces (the Ustaše, the Domobranci, the Chetniks, and units of Mussolini's puppet Italian Social Republic).

The third period took place after the Paris peace treaty, when Istria was assigned to the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, except for a small area in the northwest part that formed the independent Free Territory of Trieste. The fourth period took place after the Memorandum of Understanding in London. It gave provisional civil administration of Zone A (with Trieste), to Italy, and Zone B to Yugoslavia: in 1975 the Treaty of Osimo finally divided the former Free Territory of Trieste.

Several estimates of the exodus by historians:

The mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission verified 27,000 Italian and 3,000 Slovene migrants, but only from Slovenian territory.

In the list are persons who worked in other places before the war and are also considered exiles due to their properties being confiscated by the communist dictatorship under Josip Broz. Famous postwar exiles from territories include:

On February 18, 1983 Yugoslavia and Italy signed a treaty in Rome. Yugoslavia agreed to pay US$110 million for the compensation of the exiles' property which was confiscated after the war in the Zone B of Free Territory of Trieste. Up to its breakup in 1991, Yugoslavia had paid US$18 million. Slovenia and Croatia, two Yugoslav successors, agreed to share the remainder of this debt. Slovenia assumed 62% and Croatia the remaining 38%. Italy did not want to reveal the bank account number so in 1994 Slovenia opened a fiduciary account at Dresdner Bank in Luxembourg, informed Italy about it and started paying its US$55,976,930 share. The last payment was due in January 2002. Until today, the solution of the matter between Croatia and Italy has been delayed. None of the refugees from the Free Territory of Trieste saw a single penny so far.

It has been established that Foibe massacres were been used by Slav communists for ethnic-political cleansing. In fact, foibe massacres and exodus were described as a democide and an ethnic-political cleansing by Italian president Giorgio Napolitano.

Slovenian historian Darko Darovec writes:
For the mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission:





Kochi, India

Kochi is a city in the state of Kerala, in India. It used to be called Cochin. It is also called the "Queen of the Arabian Sea". 
The city has the second-highest population in the state after the capital city of Kerala, Trivandrum. Kochi is the financial and commercial hub of the state. 

Kochi has a very old synagogue. It is usually called by the name Ernakulam, which is the mainland part of the city. 

Most regions in Kochi are at sea level. It has a coastline of almost . Kochi is the seat of the High Court of Kerala. 
Kochi was an important spice trading centre on the west coast of India from the 14th century onward, and maintained a trade network with Arab merchants from the pre-Islamic era. Occupied by the Portuguese in 1503, Kochi was the first of the European colonies in colonial India. It remained the main seat of Portuguese India until 1530, when Goa was chosen instead. The city was later occupied by the Dutch and the British, with the Kingdom of Cochin becoming a princely state. 
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala. The city was ranked the sixth best tourist destination in India according to a survey by the Nielsen Company on behalf of the Outlook Traveller magazine. 
Kochi was one of the 28 Indian cities among the emerging 440 global cities that will contribute 50% of the world GDP by the year 2025, in a 2011 study done by the McKinsey Global Institute. In July 2018, Kochi was ranked the topmost emerging future megacity in India by global professional services firm JLL.

Italian cultural and historic presence in Dalmatia

Italian cultural and historic presence in Dalmatia is related to the Italian influence in Dalmatia (now divided between Croatia, Herzegovina and Montenegro) from the historical and cultural points of view.

The historical influence from the Italian peninsula in Dalmatia started with the Roman conquest of Illyrian Dalmatia. The historian Theodore Mommsen stated in his book "History of Rome" that all Dalmatia was fully Romanised and Latin speaking by the fourth century.

The actual Dalmatians may in part trace their origins back to the Romanised Illyrians during the "Barbarian Invasions" of the fifth and sixth centuries when Avars with some Slavs invaded Illyria. This invasion opened the way to the settlement of different Slavic tribes (mainly the "Croats").

During those years the original Latin population took refuge in the coastal cities and in the islands, whilst other migrated to the mountains (they were later called "Morlachs"). So, in the early Middle Ages, the coastal area of Dalmatia retained its original Latinized culture, mainly on the islands and cities such as Zara, Spalato, Ragusa and Cattaro. These cities during the Middle Ages were called "Citta' marittime di Dalmazia" (Dalmatian maritime neolatin cities) and maintained deep cultural and commercial links with the Italian mainland, thanks to intense commerce through the Adriatic sea.

Starting from the tenth century the Republic of Venice imposed its influence on Dalmatia, gradually assimilating the neolatin Dalmatians while the local Slavs maintained their language.

The Republic of Venice controlled most of Dalmatia from 1420 to 1797. During that period, part of its Slavic population was italianised. The Venetian possessions were called "Venetian Dalmatia" and enjoyed a flourishing period of economic bonanza with huge development of the arts and culture. Dalmatia was greatly influenced by the Italian Renaissance and many buildings, churches and cathedrals were done in those years, from Zara and Spalato to Sebenik and Ragusa.

In these centuries, the Venetian language became the "lingua franca" of all Dalmatia, assimilating the Dalmatian language of the Romanised Illyrians and influencing partially the coastal Croatian language ("Chakavian") and the Albanian language.

Zara was the capital of the Venetian Dalmatia, a role that it has maintained through the successive centuries (during WWII it was the capital of the Italian "Governatorato di Dalmazia").
In those centuries, the most southern area of Dalmatia was called Albania veneta, now called coastal Montenegro.

After the fall of the Republic of Venice in 1797 to the Napoleon Armies, the Dalmatia was incorporated briefly (1805-1809) in the "Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy". In those years the scholastic system was expanded to all the population (following the ideals of the French Revolution) and the Italian language was instituted as the official language in the schools of Dalmatia.

When Austria occupied Dalmatia there was a revival of the Slav people inside Dalmatia. As a consequence, the Italian (venetian speaking) population, that was (according to the Italian linguist Bartoli) nearly one third of the Dalmatians in the second half of the XVIII century, according to the Austrian census decreased from 22% in 1816 to 12.5% in 1853 and a mere 2.9% in 1910.

After WWI, by the Treaty of London, Italy obtained Zara and some northern Dalmatian islands (Cherso and Lussino). During WWII the Kingdom of Italy annexed, to the newly created "Governatorato di Dalmazia", most of Dalmatia. In 1942 there were 4020 Italians in these newly annexed areas: 2220 in Spalato (Split), 300 in Sebenico (Sibenik), 500 Cattaro (Kotor) and 1000 Veglia (Krk). Furthermore there were in the Governatorato 10000 Italians who took the Yugoslav citizenship after WWI, in order to remain there and be accepted without problems by the new Yugoslavian regime after the fall of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.

After WWII Italy lost all the territories in Dalmatia, and more than 22000 Dalmatian Italians exiled mainly in Italy. There are still some Dalmatian Italians in Dalmatia: 300 in Croatia and 500 in Montenegro. In Zara the small Dalmatian Italian community only in September 2012 has been allowed to have a kindergarten for Italian speaking children 

That means that in only one hundred years (from the 1850s to the 1950s) the Dalmatian Italians decreased from 45000 in the 1857 Austrian Census to less than one thousand in the last Croatian and Montenegrin Census.

The cultural influence from the Italian peninsula is extremely important in Dalmatia since the Roman times. It has increased to influence totally the dalmatian culture during the times of the Republic of Venice and the Italian Renaissance.
Indeed, the "British Encyclopedia" states that: ""the monuments left in Dalmatia by the Romans are numerous and precious. They are chiefly confined to the cities; for the civilization of the country was always urban, just as its history is a record of isolated city-states rather than of a united nation. Beyond the walls of its larger towns, little was spared by the barbarian Goths, Avars and Slavs; and the battered fragments of Roman work which mark the sites of Salona, near Spalato, and of many other ancient cities, are of slight antiquarian interest and slighter artistic value. Among the monuments of the Roman period, by far the most noteworthy in Dalmatia, and, indeed, in the whole Balkan Peninsula, is the Palace of Diocletian at Spalato. Dalmatian architecture was influenced by Constantinople in its general character from the 6th century until the close of the tenth. The oldest memorials of this period are the vestiges of three basilicas, excavated in Salona, and dating from the first half of the 7th century at latest. Then from Italy came the Romanesque. The belfry of S. Maria, at Zara, erected in 1105, is first in a long list of Romanesque buildings. At Arbe there is a beautiful Romanesque campanile which also belongs to the 12th century; but the finest example in this style is the cathedral of Trail. The 14th century Dominican and Franciscan convents in Ragusa are also noteworthy. Romanesque lingered on in Dalmatia until it was displaced by Venetian Gothic in the early years of the 15th century. The influence of Venice was then at its height. Even in the relatively hostile republic of Ragusa the Romanesque of the custom-house and Rectors' palace is combined with Venetian Gothic, while the graceful balconies and ogee windows of the Prijeki closely follow their Venetian models. In 1441 Giorgio Orsini of Zara, summoned from Venice to design the cathedral of Sebenico, brought with him the influence of the Italian Renaissance. The new forms which he introduced were eagerly imitated and developed by other architects, until the period of decadence - which virtually concludes the history of Dalmatian art - set in during the latter half of the 17th century. Special mention must be made of the carved woodwork, embroideries and plate preserved in many churches. The silver statuette and the reliquary of St Biagio at Ragusa, and the silver ark of St Simeon at Zara, are fine specimens of Italian jewellers' work, ranging in date from the 11th or 12th to the 17th century"".

In the XIX century the cultural influence from Italy originated the creation in Zara of the first dalmatian newspaper, edited in Italian and Croat: "Il Regio Dalmata - Kraglski Dalmatin". It was founded and published by the Italian Bartolomeo Benincasa in 1806.

The Regio Dalmata - Kraglski Dalmatin was stamped in the tipography of Antonio Luigi Battara and was the first done in Croat language.

The cultural influence from Italy is clearly evident in the urbanization plans of the main Dalmatian cities in the XIX/XX centuries. One of the best examples is the one of Split/Spalato.

In 1880 Antonio Bajamonti (the last Dalmatian Italian Major of Spalato under Austrian rule) developed an urbanization project of this city centered on the "Riva", a seaside walkway full of palms based on the Italian Riviera models. Even today the Riva (with cafe bars) is used by the locals to stroll in a typical Italian way from the "Palace of Diocletian" toward an old square called locally "Pjaca" (or square in venetian).

Even in music the Italian influence was very strong in Dalmatia 

An enduring example of the Italian cultural and historic presence in Dalmatia is the small town of Perasto (actually Perast in montenegrin language) in coastal Montenegro.

Perasto was at its peak in the 18th century under the Republic of Venice, when it had as many as four active shipyards, a fleet of around one hundred ships, and 1,643 residents. At that time the most beautiful buildings arose in this fortified town. Many ornate baroque palaces and magnificent dwelling-houses decorated the town of Perast (Perasto), full of typical venetian architecture.
Perasto had the privilege to keep war-flag of the Venetian Navy in the peace time (it was called ""La fedelissma Gonfaloniera"") . 
The sailormen of Perasto were involved in the last battle of the Venitian navy, fought in Venice in 1797 .
At the fall of the "Serenissima" (1797) Perasto was the last city of the Repubblic to lower the Venetian flag. On 12 May 1797, the Republic of Venice ended, but a few places in the Albania veneta for several months still continued to remain loyal to the Venetian Repubblic: Perasto was the last place of the Republic to surrender. On 22 August 1797 the Count Giuseppe Viscovich, Captain of Perasto lowered the Venetian war-flag of the Lion of Saint Mark pronouncing the farewell words in front of the crying people of the city and buried the "Gonfalon of Venice" under the altar of the main church of Perasto.

The population has since decreased to 430 in 1910 and around 360 today. According to the "Comunita' nazionale italiana del Montenegro", in Perast actually there are 140 persons who still speak at home the original venetian dialect of Perasto (called "veneto da mar"), and call themselves in the census "Montenegrins".




Frugivore

A frugivore is an animal that prefers to eat fruit.

The fruit is part of a plant's sexual reproduction cycle. Plants spend a lot of energy and nutrients in creating fruit. Fruit is produced to attract animals into eating the fruit. The animal digests the pulp but not the seeds, ensuring the plant's genes are spread wherever the animal goes. Seeds can also be germinated by falling near the mother plant. Some seeds must pass through the digestive system (the stomach and intestines) before they can germinate.

Frugivores have also evolved in different ways to eat different fruit; some use teeth, others long beaks or short beaks.

Many birds eat both fruits and insects which makes them omnivores. Mammals may eat both fruits and protein, or eat mostly fruit or nectar, such as many bats. One primate group is essentially herbivore/frugivore, the Owl Monkeys. They live in a non-seasonal area of the Amazon that supports a constant supply of fruiting trees. Elsewhere, an exclusively frugivore diet is impossible and is supplemented by insects or rougher plant matter. Some people say that humans are frugivores; this is unlikely given the evolution of man in the dry tropical region of the Rift Valley. However, the climate in the Rift valley at the time of our evolution was likely a tropical rainforest. That said, almost all primates and even carnivores will travel great distances to feast when a fruit tree has dropped its ripened fruit. Many species will remember the exact fruiting date and location of a fruiting tree which highlights fruits great nutritional benefit. Some people promote a frugivore diet for humans.


View on diet and health at NHE Self-Health Care Systems: Biological Adaptations

Italian language in Croatia

The Italian language is the third most spoken language (after Croatian and Serbian) in the Republic of Croatia today. It is an officially recognized minority language in Istria County (where it is spoken by 7.69% of the population).

The 2001 census in Croatia reported 19,636 ethnic Italians in the country (some .44% of the total population). Ethnologue reported 70,000 speakers in 1998: 40,000 ethnic Italians and 30,000 ethnic Croats and Istrian people. Native Italian speakers are largely concentrated along the Adriatic coast. In addition, roughly 120,000 Italian tourists visit Croatia each year, so many in the service and tourist industries have some knowledge of the language.As the 3/4 of the Italian community is concentrated in Istria, according to Ethnologue's estimates ( 70.000 ), at least 20% of the population of Istria is Italian mother tongue, although many simply declare themselves as Istrian.

Historically, the language had a much larger population than it does now. Italians have lived on the Adriatic coast for hundreds of years, and Istria was part of the Kingdom of Italy from 1919 until 1947. However the Istrian exodus after the Second World War and Yugoslavian ethnic cleansing in the form of the Foibe massacres forced the greater part of the Istrian Italians to flee to Italy.
During the Italian exodu, about 350000 people left Istria, Dalmatia and the isles of Croatia.

Government services are provided in Italian and Croatian in Istria County, including the official government website (which is also available in English). There are four Italian-language schools in Istria: primary schools in Buje (Buie) and Novigrad (Cittanova) and secondary schools in Pula (Pola) and Rovinj (Rovigno).



Objectivism (Ayn Rand)

Objectivism is a philosophy that was started by Ayn Rand. It has four main ideas:

1. Everything that exists has an identity. This identity does not depend on how people think about it or talk about it. This is also true for things like feelings or ideas. It says that a thing is the thing which it is, or "A is A." What people learn about the things that exist comes both from the identity of the things themselves and from the way that people observe (see) and think about what they have observed.

2. Reason is how a person knows that what he thinks or believes is true. A person cannot make something true just by wanting it to be true or by mysticism. Only rational, logical thinking can produce the best outcome. This means recognizing that a thing is the thing it is, and to not confuse it with things which it is not.

3. It is good to be happy, and it is good for a person to try to be happy. People should always try to improve their lives and be happy in the long term, so that they are happy now and in the future. People should not hurt others to try to be happy, but they also should not hurt themselves to try to make other people happy. People should also not make themselves less happy to help something like God. Ayn Rand called this "rational self-interest".

4. If governments or criminals take things away from people, or try to make people do things they do not want to do, it does damage to everybody. Ayn Rand thought that governments should only be able to protect people from violence, theft, fraud, and other actions that go against people's rights. This includes laissez-faire capitalism and is sometimes called libertarianism.

She first told people these ideas in her novels "The Fountainhead" and "Atlas Shrugged". She talked about them more in "The Objectivist Newsletter", "The Objectivist", "The Ayn Rand Letter", "Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology" and "The Virtue of Selfishness".

Dike (goddess)

Dike is the Greek goddess of moral justice for human being.

Dalmatia

Dalmatia is a region of the Balkan Peninsula along the Adriatic Sea. It mostly belongs to Croatia. It goes from the island of Pag in the northwest to the Bay of Kotor (in Montenegro) in the southeast. 

Konrad Lorenz

Konrad Zacharias Lorenz (Vienna, 7 November 1903 – Vienna, 27 February 1989) was an Austrian zoologist, naturalist, ornithologist and Nobel Prize winner. He is one of the founders of studies on animal behaviour (ethology). Lorenz studied instinctive behavior in animals, especially in Greylag geese and jackdaws.

In his autobiographical essay, published in 1973 in "Les Prix Nobel" (people who win the Nobel Prize are asked to write essays about their lives), Lorenz said that his parents were the main reason he was so successful. He also said that a book by Selma Lagerlof called "The Wonderful Adventures of Nils" that he read as a child was the reason he became interested in wild geese.

Lorenz began his studies in 1922 at Columbia University, but he returned to Vienna in 1923 to continue his studies at the University of Vienna until 1928. At this university he became an assistant professor from 1928 to 1935.
In 1936, Lorenz met his great friend and colleague Niko Tinbergen. Together they studied geese – wild, domestic, and hybrid.

In 1940 Lorenz became a professor of psychology at the University of Königsberg. He was drafted into the Wehrmacht in 1941. He tried to become a motorcycle mechanic, but instead he was assigned as a medic. He was a prisoner of war in the Soviet Union from 1942 to 1948. During this time, he continued to work as a medical doctor and "got quite friendly with some Russians, mostly doctors". When he was sent back home after the war, he was allowed to keep both the manuscript of the book he had been writing and his pet starling. He arrived back in Altenberg "with manuscript and bird intact." The manuscript became his book "Behind the Mirror". 

Lorenz shared the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for discoveries in individual and social behavior patterns" with two other important early ethologists, Niko Tinbergen and Karl von Frisch. In 1969, he became the first person to receive the Prix mondial "Cino Del Duca".

Lorenz retired from the Max Planck Institute in 1973 but continued to research and publish from his family home, in Austria. Konrad Lorenz died on 27 February 1989, in Altenberg.

Lorenz joined the Nazi Party in 1938 and accepted a university position under Nazi Germany. In his application for membership to the Nazi-party NSDAP he wrote in 1938: "I'm able to say that my whole scientific work is devoted to the ideas of the National Socialists." 

When he accepted the Nobel Prize in 1973, Lorenz apologized for a 1940 publication that included Nazi views of science, saying that "many highly decent scientists hoped, like I did, for a short time [that] National Socialism [would produce good results], and many quickly turned away from it with the same horror as I [did]."

Together with Niko Tinbergen, Lorenz formed the idea of an innate releasing mechanism to explain instinctive behaviors (fixed action patterns). Building on the ideas of William McDougall, Lorenz developed this into a "psychohydraulic" explanation of the motives (reasons) of behavior. Another contribution is his work on imprinting. His influence on a younger generation of ethologists, as well as his books, were important in bringing ethology to the attention of the general public.
Lorenz predicted that market economics could eventually destroy Earth's ecosystem. In his 1973 book, "Civilized Man's Eight Deadly Sins", Lorenz considered the following paradox: 

Lorenz adopts an ecological model to attempt to explain how this contradiction can exist:

In nature, these mechanisms tend towards a 'stable state' among the living beings of an ecology: 

Lorenz states that humanity is the only species that is not controlled by these mechanisms. This is because humans are the only species that can change its own environment: "[The pace of human ecology] is determined by the progress of man's technology". Not only that, but human ecology (economy) is governed by mechanisms of positive feedback, defined as a mechanism which tends to encourage behavior rather than to discourage it. p43 

Lorenz does not see human independence from natural ecological processes as necessarily bad. Indeed, he states that "a completely new [ecology] which corresponds in every way to [humanity's] desires... could, theoretically, prove as durable as that which would have existed without his intervention" p36. However, the principle of competition, typical of Western societies, destroys any chance of this: 

In this book, Lorenz proposes that the best hope for mankind lies in our looking for mates based on the kindness of their hearts rather than good looks or wealth.

In his 1973 book "Behind the Mirror: a search for a natural history of human knowledge", Lorenz considers an old philosophical question: Do our senses actually tell us about the world as it is? Or do they only give us an illusion? Lorenz' answer comes from evolutionary biology. Only things that help a species to survive and reproduce are kept. Anything that does not benefit a species is quickly removed through the process of natural selection. Lorenz argued that if our senses gave us wrong information about our environment, humanity would soon be extinct. Therefore we can be sure that our senses give us correct information, for otherwise we would not be here to be deceived.

Lorenz's best-known books are "King Solomon's Ring" and "On aggression", both written for a popular audience. His scientific work appeared mainly in journal articles, written in German; they became widely known to English-speaking scientists through the descriptions of it in Tinbergen's 1951 book "The study of instinct", though many of his papers were later published in English translation in the two volumes titled "Studies in animal and human behaviour". 



Virtualization

Virtualization (or Virtualisation) is a word used in computing. Virtualization means that the users (programs, or real people) only see an abstraction of a computer resource. Virtualization can be done in software, or with hardware. 

Dalmatian Italians

Dalmatian Italians are Italians whose family comes from Dalmatia in today's Croatia, Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Dalmatian Italians are one of the historical ethnic groups of Dalmatia (in today's Republics of Croatia and Montenegro).

They are direct descendants of the autochthonous population of the romanised Illyrians in present Dalmatia, since the Middle Ages when they lived in the Dalmatian City-states and surrounding islands.

After the 1840s their ethnic group suffered from a constant trend of decreasing presence and now numbers only around 1,000 people. This group, though small in numbers, exerted an unproportionally significant and noteworthy influence on the region in the last centuries.

Indeed the Dalmatian Italians were a fundamental presence in Dalmatia, when the process of political unification of the Italians, Croats and Serbs started at the beginning of the 19th century. The 1816 Austro-Hungarian census registered 66,000 Italian speaking people between the 301,000 inhabitants of Dalmatia, or 22% of the total dalmatian population. But in 2010 they were reduced to only a few hundreds.

They are currently represented in Croatia and Montenegro by the "Italian National Community" () (CNI). The Italo-Croatian minorities treaty recognizes the "Italian Union" (Unione Italiana) as the political party officially representing the CNI in Croatia. The number of Dalmatian Italians in that country has fallen to 300, and the Italian Union concentrates on the Istrian region, including the city of Fiume (actual Rijeka), which is home to the vast majority of the Croatian Italian national minority numbering around 30,000 citizens.

In Dalmatia the most important centres of the CNI are in Zara (actual Zadar), Spalato and Cattaro (Montenegro).

Dalmatian Italians participated actively in the Union of Italy, called "Risorgimento".

Many Dalmatian Italians tried to unite their cities (like Spalato) to the Kingdom of Italy after the end of WWI: the Incidents in Spalato were the most famous event related to their struggle.

Some Dalmatian Italians, mostly living in Zara (actual Zadar), entered in the Italian government after WWI and promoted the conquest of coastal Dalmatia by Italian troops in 1941. Most of coastal Dalmatia was united to the Kingdom of Italy from April 1941 to September 1943, when were created the Provincia di Spalato and the Provincia di Cattaro while was enlargerd the Provincia di Zara. 

After WWII nearly all the 25.000 remaining Dalmatian Italians of Zara and the Italian "Governatorato di Dalmazia" were forced to leave Dalmatia during the Istrian-Dalmatian exodus.

Nowadays one of the principal problems for the exiled is the prohibition to buy houses in Croatia for Italian people not resident in Croatia (and, of course, their request of payment for their properties lost in Dalmatia when forced to exile).

Many Dalmatian Italians are organized in associations such as:

The most popular periodical for Dalmatian Italians is "Il Dalmata", published in Trieste by Renzo de' Vidovich.


Chukar

The chukar ("Alectoris chukar") is a Eurasian upland gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes, gallinaceous birds. Other common names of this bird include 'Chukker' (sometimes misspelled as 'Chuker'), 'Chukar Partridge', 'Red-legged Partridge', 'Rock Partridge', 'Indian Hill Partridge', 'Chukka', 'Chukkar', 'Chukor', 'Chukore', 'Chikone', 'Kabk', 'Kau-Kau', and 'Keklik'. The Chukar is the National bird of Pakistan..

This partridge has its native range in Asia from Pakistan and Kashmir, and Afghanistan in the east to southeastern Europe in the west, and is closely related and similar to its western equivalent, the Red-legged Partridge, Alectoris rufa. It has been introduced widely, and became established in the United States, Canada, New Zealand and Hawaii. In Great Britain, hybrids between this species and the also introduced Red-legged Partridge are common.

Soral

Soral is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.


The Matrix Reloaded

The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 movie written and directed by the Wachowskis. It is a sequel to "The Matrix" (1999). It is a prequel to "The Matrix Revolutions" and "The Matrix Resurrections".

In this movie, the humans and the machines are at war. The machines have taken over everywhere except for the city of Zion, which is buried four kilometers below the surface. In this world, the machines have created the Matrix, which looks like the real world but it is a trick. A few hundred humans have been "unplugged" and see the real reality, which is dark and barren. The humans find out that the machines are digging to invade that area and they want to stop it.

One group of humans, led by Morpheus, believe in something called the prophecy. They believe that The One (a human named Neo) will save the humans. Another group, led by Commander Jason Lock, believes that the prophecy does not make sense and try to defend Zion with ships and humans.

Neo is called to see the Oracle. After he meets the Oracle, he gets into a fight with Smith. Smith is an old friend of his. He used to be an Agent, which meant that he was very powerful. However Neo defeated him at the end of the first movie. Smith says that he has new powers. He is able to touch someone and that someone becomes part of him. He and hundreds of these clones try to defeat Neo, but they are not very powerful and Neo beats them.

Smith later touches someone named Bane. Now Smith controls an unplugged human, making him very dangerous. As Bane, Smith tries to kill Neo, but another human named the Kid accidentally stops that from happening when he comes to say goodbye to Neo. Later, the humans line all of their ships together. They hope to trigger their EMPs all at once to stop the machines (the EMP kills all electronics within their radius). Smith/Bane, on one of these ships, triggers the EMP before they are supposed to and ruins the attack.

Neo and his crew try to fulfill the prophecy. They pick up a man named the Keymaker. They must get into a special room within a certain time limit. The power must be cut. The machines, which just beat back the surprise attack, attack one of the ships and the power comes back on. Trinity, Neo's girlfriend, gets into the system and turns off the power again.

Neo meets a man named the Architect. He tells Neo that the prophecy is not true and that the machines will destroy Zion. It is The One's job to let it be destroyed and to pick new people to form a new Zion. The One must also touch the source. Neo learns that Trinity is in trouble and will die. Instead of doing what the Architect tells him, he saves Trinity.

Morpheus is not happy that the war is not over yet. He says that the war should have been over when The One touched the source. Neo tells Morpheus what the Architect said. The machines attack the ship that Morpheus, Trinity, and Neo are on. They escape. Neo uses his powers to disable all the attacking machines, but falls unconscious. Another ship picks them up. The movie ends in the ship hospital room, where Bane and Neo are lying.


The response to this movie was big. It made $91 million in its first weekend at the box office, beating out the $50 million record set by "Hannibal" (2001) for an R-rated movie. Its final total of $281 million in the United States was the highest ever for an R-rated movie until "The Passion of the Christ" (2004) beat it with $370 million.

Get Smart

Get Smart was a television series that was shown on NBC from September 18, 1965 to April 12, 1969. It was then shown on CBS from September 26, 1969, to September 11, 1970. It made fun of the secret agent genre. It starred Don Adams as Maxwell Smart, Barbara Feldon as Agent 99, and Edward Platt as the chief. Max Smart worked for a secret organization called CONTROL. Their enemy was KOAS. In 1980, a movie "The Nude Bomb" was released in theaters. In 1989, a television movie was shown called, "Get Smart, Again!". Because of the good success of the movie, FOX created a new TV series called "Get Smart", which featured Don Adams as Max Smart, now chief of CONTROL. A movie based on the series was released on June 20, 2008. It starred Steve Carell as Max Smart, Anne Hathaway as Agent 99 and Alan Arkin as the chief. Roger Ebert gave it good reviews.


AFL–CIO

The American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations, called the AFL-CIO, is a group of labor unions in the United States and Canada. There are 54 national different unions in the group, and they speak for over 10 million workers. It was started in 1955, when the American Federation of Labor and the Congress of Industrial Organizations joined after a long argument. From 1955 to 2005, almost all union workers in the U.S. were part of the AFL-CIO. However, in 2005, some large unions (like the Teamsters) left the AFL-CIO.

The president of the AFL-CIO, Richard Trumka served from 2009 until his death on August 5, 2021.


List of mathematical symbols

The list below has some of the most common symbols in mathematics. However, these symbols can have other meanings in different contexts other than math.



Jonas Brothers

The Jonas Brothers are an American Pop band from Wyckoff, New Jersey. It is made up of three brothers: Kevin Jonas, Joe, and Nick Jonas. They released four albums before disbanding: "It's About Time" in 2006, "Jonas Brothers" in 2007, "A Little Bit Longer" in 2008, and "Lines, Vines and Trying Times" in 2009.

The band reunited in 2019, releasing the song "Sucker" as the lead single from their new album, "Happiness Begins". "Happiness Begins" entered at number one on the "Billboard" 200. "Sucker" became their first chart-topper.



Artificial turf

Artificial turf, or synthetic turf, is a man-made (something made by humans) surface made from synthetic materials, made to look like natural grass. It is most often used in arenas for sports that are normally played on grass. However, it is also used on lawns and in commercial applications. The main advantage of artificial turf is low cost of maintenance as there is no need to water it and trim it. Disadvantages include toxicity, limited lifetime, and the requirement for cleaning. Artificial turf is extremely popular in sporting industry - especially in US and regions where weather or heavy use makes it difficult to sustain high quality live turf.

Artificial grass was first used in 1966 when it was installed in the Houston Astrodome, the world’s first domed indoor multipurpose sports stadium. During the stadium’s inaugural season in 1965 its real grass failed to grow. By the second half of the season the field conditions were so bad that they installed artificial grass, called "Astroturf".

There are several environmental concerns associated with artificial turf including loss of wildlife habitat, contaminated runoff, and migration of synthetic materials. Contaminants that are harmful to aquatic life, such as zinc, have been found in storm water runoff from artificial turf. Both infill particles and broken synthetic grass fibers can migrate away from yards or playing fields, contributing to microplastic pollution.


Newgrange

Newgrange is a Megalithic Passage Tomb at Newgrange, County Meath, Republic of Ireland. It was built about 3200 BC. The kidney shaped mound covers an area of over one acre and is surrounded by 97 kerbstones, some of which are decorated with megalithic art. The 19 metre long inner passage leads to a cruciform chamber with a corbelled roof. It is estimated that the construction of the Passage Tomb at Newgrange would have taken a work force of 300 at least 20 years.

The passage and chamber of Newgrange are lit up by the winter solstice sunrise. A shaft of sunlight shines through the roof box over the entrance and penetrates the passage to light up the chamber. The dramatic event lasts for 17 minutes at dawn on the Winter Solstice and for a few mornings either side of the Winter Solstice.

Admission to the Newgrange chamber for the Winter Solstice sunrise is by lottery, application forms are available at the Brú na Bóinne Visitor Centre. For the 2007 draw 28,106 applications were submitted. In September each year, 50 names are drawn with 2 places are awarded to each name drawn.

Megalithic mounds such as Newgrange entered Irish mythology as sídhe or fairy mounds. Newgrange was said to be the home of Oenghus, the god of love. The Passage Tomb at Newgrange was re-discovered in 1699 by the removal of material for road building. A major excavation of Newgrange began in 1962; the original facade of sparkling white quartz was rebuilt using stone found at the site.

Newgrange has been designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO and attracts 200,000 visitors per year. There is no direct access to the Passage Tomb at Newgrange, access is by guided tour from the Brú na Bóinne Visitor Centre located close to the village of Donore, Co. Meath. The last tour of Newgrange is 90 minutes before closing time of the Visitor Centre.

Images from inside the chamber at Newgrange including the tri-spiral design on orthostat C10 which is probably the most famous Irish Megalithic symbol. It is often referred to as a Celtic design, but it was carved at least 2500 years before the Celts reached Ireland. At 12 inches in diameter the tri-spiral design is quite small in size, less than one-third the size of the tri-spiral design on the entrance stone.

David Ortiz

David Américo Ortiz Arias (born November 18, 1975 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball designated hitter who played for the Boston Red Sox. Ortiz used to play for the Minnesota Twins from -. Nicknamed "Big Papi" or "Señor Papi", Ortiz has played in four All-Star Games. He holds the Red Sox single-season record for home runs with 54, which he set during the 2006 season. He also won the 2010 Home Run DeCareer

Ortiz graduated from Estudia Espaillat High School in the Dominican Republic and
in he was signed by the Seattle Mariners who listed him as "David Arias" (possibly not understanding Spanish naming customs). In 1996, the Mariners received Dave Hollins from the Minnesota Twins for a player to be named later. Later that season, the Mariners announced that the player to be named later would be Arias. When Ortiz arrived in Minnesota, he informed the team that he preferred to be listed as "David Ortiz." He made his major league debut in September of 1997. After moving up and down from the majors to the minors, Ortiz hit .272 with 20 home runs and 75 RBI in , when the Twins lost in the American League Championship Series to the eventual World Series champions Anaheim Angels.

In 2003, Ortiz was traded to the Boston Red Sox. He hit 31 home runs that season. The Red Sox lost to the New York Yankees in the ALCS. 

Starting in 2004, however, Ortiz became known for his clutch hitting. He hit two walk-off home runs in the postseason. His first came when the Red Sox swept the Anaheim Angels in the American League Division Series. He hit another walk-off home run in Game 4 of the ALCS against the Yankees. And he also had a walk-off single in Game 5. He was named ALCS MVP. The Red Sox went on to win their first World Series since 1918. They won two more World Series championships in 2007 and 2013.

In Game 2 of the 2013 ALCS against the Detroit Tigers, Ortiz hit a game-tying grand slam with two outs in the bottom of the eighth inning.

Ortiz retired after the 2016 season. The Red Sox were swept by the Cleveland Indians in the ALDS that year.

On June 9, 2019, Ortiz was shot in the Dominican Republic while at a club in Santo Domingo. Ortiz was "ambushed by a man who got off a motorcycle" and shot him in the back. He was hospitalized and underwent surgery.


Mumtaz Mahal

Arjumand Banu Begum, also called Mumtaz Mahal (29 October 1593 – 17 June 1631) was the second wife of Shah Jahan, the Mughal emperor. Mumtaz Mahal (meaning "Jewel of the palace" in Persian) was the nickname her husband gave to her.

Mumtaz Mahal was born in April 1593 in Agra, India. Her father was the Persian noble Abdul Hasan Asaf Khan, the brother of Nur Jahan, the Mughal Empress wife of Jahangir.

Mumtaz betrothed (nikah) with shah jahan at the age of 14 in 1607 when Shah Jahan was 15, Shah Jahan, later married two other women.May 10, 1612 at the age of 19 the official marriage ceremony was held.

Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal were married for 19 years. They had thirteen children together. 7 of the children died at birth or at a very young age. Mumtaz travelled with Shah Jahan and his army as he carried out military campaigns. Mumtaz Mahal supported Shah Jahan and they respected each other very much. Mumtaz Mahal died on June 17, 1631 in Burhanpur in the Deccan (now in Madhya Pradesh) during the birth of their fourteenth child, a daughter named Gauhara Begum.

She had been with her husband as he was fighting a campaign in the Deccan Plateau. Her body was kept at Burhanpur in a walled pleasure garden known as Zainabad. A popular story says that on her deathbed, her last wish to the emperor was for a symbol or a monument to their love. She also asked her husband not to marry anyone else. The emperor promised immediately. Her body was buried in the Taj Mahal in Agra. It is also belived that Mumtaz Mahal died, aged 38, while giving birth to Gauhara Begum in Burhanpur, the cause of death being Postpartum hemorrhage, which caused considerable blood-loss after a painful labour of thirty hours. Contemporary historians note that Princess Jahanara, aged 17, was so distressed by her mother's pain that she started distributing gems to the poor, hoping for divine intervention and Shah Jahan, himself, was noted as being "paralysed by grief" and weeping fits.

After she died, Shah Jahan went into mourning for 2 years. When he appeared again, his hair had turned white, his back was bent, and his face worn. Jahan's eldest daughter, Jahanara Begum, slowly brought him out of mourning and took the place of Mumtaz at court.

Imam

An imam (; ) is an Islamic leader, often the leader of a mosque and/or community. Similarly to spiritual leaders, the imam is the person who leads the prayer during Islamic gatherings. More often the community turn to the mosque imam, if they have an Islamic question. In smaller communities an imam could be the community leader based on the community setting.

Shia Islam uses the term differently. Shiites give the title to only the one true leader of all the faithful.


Earthsea

Earthsea is a fictional place made by Ursula K. Le Guin for her short story "The Word of Unbinding" in 1964, but that became more famous in her book "A Wizard of Earthsea", first written in 1968. The books that follow "A Wizard of Earthsea" are "The Tombs of Atuan", "The Farthest Shore", "Tehanu", "Tales from Earthsea" and "The Other Wind". These are all set in the world of Earthsea


OpenZaurus

OpenZaurus is a Debian-based embedded Linux distribution for the Sharp Zaurus personal mobile tool PDA.

On April 26, 2007, it was announced that the OpenZaurus project was over. Future development efforts are to focus on the Ångström distribution for embedded systems.



Dan Simmons

Dan Simmons (born April 4, 1948 in Peoria, Illinois) is an American writer. He is best known for his Hugo Award-winning series called the Hyperion Cantos, and for his Locus Award-winning Ilium/Olympos cycle. He writes in genres such as science fiction, horror and fantasy.



Hyperion Cantos

The Hyperion Cantos is a series of science fiction books that were written by Dan Simmons.

"Hyperion" received the Hugo Award for best novel in 1990 and "The Fall of Hyperion" was nominated for the Nebula Award for best novel in 1990. Three of the novels received the Locus Award for best science fiction novel: "Hyperion" (1990), "The Fall of Hyperion" (1991) and "The Rise of Endymion" (1998). The author recently said that a movie might be made about the series.



Hyperion

Hyperion is a Titan in Greek mythology.

Hyperion may also mean:

In science:

In fiction:

Hyperion (Simmons novel)

Hyperion is a science fiction book that was written by Dan Simmons in 1989. It is the first book of his Hyperion Cantos series. The book won the Hugo Award award in 1989 for best novel.

The Fall of Hyperion

The Fall of Hyperion is the second science fiction book in his Hyperion Cantos series by Dan Simmons. It was written in 1990 and was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel that same year. It was also nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Book in 1991.

Endymion (Hyperion)

Endymion is the third science fiction book written by Dan Simmons in his Hyperion Cantos series. The novel was extremely successful-within a year of its release, the book had been reprinted five times. The novel was nominated for the 1996 British Fantasy Award.

The Rise of Endymion

The Rise of Endymion is a 1997 science fiction book by Dan Simmons. It is the fourth and last book in his "Hyperion Cantos" series. The book was nominated for the 1997 British Fantasy Award and the 1998 Hugo Award for Best Book.

Predicate logic

In logic and philosophy, predicate logic is a system of mathematical logic. It uses predicates to express the state of certain things, which are "incomplete propositions" with a placeholder for objects or subjects that must be inserted in order to obtain a valid proposition. 

Predicate logic is different from propositional logic, in part because it has the concept of "quantifiers". A quantifier is used in conjunction with a variable (say "x") in order to talk about a general instance of x, and in doing so, this allows predicate logic to make statements about quantity.

The best-known quantifiers are the "existential quantifier", represented by ∃, and the "universal quantifier", represented by ∀. The existential quantifier is used to express statements of the form "there exists", and is true precisely when there is at least one mathematical object from the universe of discourse that matches the predicate or formula. On the other hand, the universal quantifier is used to express statements of the form "for all", and is true precisely when all possible mathematical objects of the universe of discourse match the specified predicate or formula.

In the notation of predicate logic, quantifiers directly precede (and thus introduce) variable names, which are then followed by other quantifiers or mathematical expressions, where the said variables are found. For example. one can use the expression formula_1 to mean "there is a person "x" such that for all persons "y", y likes x" ("everyone is liked by someone.").

formula_2

can be read as: "There is at least one cat which is black, and which likes (one or more) dogs."

formula_3

can be read as: "It is not true that every cat doesn't like any dog."

formula_4

can be read as: "There does not exist a cat which is also a dog."


Arapaho language

The Arapaho language (also Arapahoe) is a Plains Algonquian language (an areal rather than genetic grouping) spoken by elders in Wyoming. It is now spoken very little, and is in danger of becoming extinct.

Assamese language

Assamese ( translated as"Ôxômiya") () is the easternmost Indo-Aryan language, spoken most in the state of Assam in North-East India. It is also the main language of Assam. It is spoken in parts of Arunachal Pradesh and other northeast Indian states.

Avar language

The Avar language (self-designation "language of the mountains" or Авар мац "Avar language") belongs to the Avar-Andi-Tsez subgroup of the Alarodian Northeast-Caucasian (or Nakh-Dagestani) language family. It is spoken most in the eastern and southern parts of the Russian Caucasus republic of Dagestan, and the Balaken, Zakatala north-west area of Azerbaijan.

Azerbaijani language

The Azerbaijani language, also called Azeri, or Azerbaijani Turkish is a Turkic language that is spoken in Azerbaijan and northwestern Iran. Azerbaijani is the official language of the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Republic of Dagestan in Russia.

Azerbaijani is also spoken in Dagestan (a republic of Russia), south-eastern and eastern Georgia, north eastern Turkey and in some parts of Ukraine, northern Dobruja in Romania and in northwestern Iran. In Dagestan, there are over 30 different languages, and Russian is used as a lingua franca.


Bashkir language

The Bashkir language (Native name: ) is a Turkic language. Speakers of the Bashkir language mostly live in the Russian republic of Bashkortostan. A large number of speakers also live in Tatarstan, Udmurtia, Perm Krai, Chelyabinsk, Orenburg, Sverdlovsk, and Kurgan Oblasts.

Like other languages of Russia, Bashkir uses an alphabet made up of Cyrillic letters. The Bashkir alphabet has 42 letters, made up of the 33 letters of the Russian alphabet and 9 more letters for special Bashkir sounds. These 9 letters and their sounds are:

Od language

Od (also called Oad, Odki) is a language spoken mostly about the Sindh and in a few in southern Punjab. It may also be spoken in Rajasthan, Republic of India.

Ilium/Olympos

Ilium/Olympos is a science fiction series that was written by Dan Simmons. The events in the books are set in motion by beings who have taken on the roles of the Greek gods. The first book in the series, "Illium" received the Locus Award for best book in 2004.

There are two books in the series:

Ilium (book)

Ilium is a science fiction book that was written by Dan Simmons. It is the first part of the "Ilium/Olympos" cycle, and is about the re-creation of the events in the "Iliad" on Mars.

In July 2004, "Ilium" got the Locus Award for best science fiction novel of 2003. It was later nominated for the 2004 Hugo Award for best book.

Olympos (book)

Olympos is a book that was written by Dan Simmons in 2005, and is the sequel to "Ilium" It is a science fiction book that ends the series Ilium/Olympos. It uses ideas from the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey".

Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto

Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto (, ; January 5, 1928 – April 4, 1979) was a Pakistani politician. He was the President of Pakistan from 1971 to 1973. He was Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1973 to 1977. He was the founder of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), the largest and most influential political party in Pakistan. 

He was educated at the University of California, Berkeley in the United States and Oxford University in the United Kingdom. Bhutto was executed by hanging in 1979 for ordering the murder of a political opponent. His execution was ordered by General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq. Bhutto's supporters give him the honorific title Shaheed, the Urdu word for martyr. His name then becomes Shaheed-e-Azam Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto ("The Great Martyr") or sometimes Quaid-e-Awam (The Leader the Community).

He was married to Nusrat Bhutto (née Ispahnie) from 1951 until his death. Their elder daughter, Benazir Bhutto (1953-2007), was also Prime Minister of Pakistan, twice. The couple had three other children: son Murtaza Bhutto (1954-1996) daughter Sanam Bhutto (born 1957), and son Shahnawaz Bhutto (1958-1985).


Pothohar Plateau

The Pothohar Plateau (also spelled Pothwar, Potwar or Potohar) () is a plateau in Punjab, Pakistan. The area was the home of the Soan Culture (a stone age culture), and there are many fossils, tools, coins, and remains of ancient archaeological sites. It borders the western parts of Azad Kashmir and the southern part of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The local people speak a dialect of North Punjabi, called Pothwari

Northern Indo-Aryan languages

Pahari (or Pahaari) is a word for a number of dialects spoken across the Himalayan range, not limited to a single country. The word comes from 'pahar' meaning mountain. The word 'Pahaari' or 'Pahari' is an adjective in Punjabi and it means 'of the mountain', so 'Pahari' means 'language of the mountain people'.

Pakistan, India and Nepal are all countries along which the Himalayas run, and in all three countries the word for mountain is Pahar this is becuase Panjabi are all related languages (they are all Indic languages of the Indo-European language family). The Pahari language is also part of this group. Travel in mountainous areas is difficult, so dialects close to each other can be very different. Most of Pahari languages are dialects of Panjabi language .

Bose-Einstein statistics

In statistical mechanics, Bose-Einstein statistics means the statistics of a system where you can not tell the difference between any of the particles, and the particles are bosons. Bosons are fundamental particles like the photon.

The Bose-Einstein distribution tells you how many particles have a certain energy. The formula is

with formula_2 and where:

If formula_3, then the Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics is a good approximation.

Activision

Activision is an American video game company. It was the first third party in the industry's history. It was founded on October 1, 1979. On July 9, 2008, it merged with Vivendi to make a new company called Activision Blizzard. Activision is best known for "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater", "Call of Duty", and "Guitar Hero".

OXO (video game)

OXO is a tic-tac-toe video game, and one of the first video game ever made. It was made in 1952 for the EDSAC computer by Alexander S. Douglas for his Ph.D. thesis on human-computer interaction at the University of Cambridge. 

Will Wright (game developer)

Will Wright (born on January 20, 1960 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American video game developer and is the co-founder of Maxis, now a part of Electronic Arts. He's most famous for "SimCity", "The Sims" and Spore. He is currently working on a new project, and has set up the "Stupid Fan Club".

Pikmin (video game)

Pikmin is a real-time strategy video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube, and later the Wii and Switch. The plot involves an alien captain named Captain Olimar who crash-lands on a planet and meets creatures called Pikmin, which he uses to protect himself and find his ship parts before he runs out of air.

The in-game universe has many locations, including a planet known as Hocotate, where Olimar is from, and a planet that resembles Earth. In-game, the planet is from a small perspective, as both Olimar and the Pikmin are no larger than US quarters.

Captain Olimar is traveling in his spaceship called the Dolphin, when it suddenly collides with a meteor and crashes on an unknown planet resembling Earth. He travels for a bit before he finds a creature called a Pikmin. He meets up with other Pikmin, and has to use them to gather up the pieces he lost from his ship before 30 days run out, or the game will be over.

The player controls Captain Olimar, who can throw the Pikmin. Pikmin are plucked out of the ground, and they live in a nest called an onion when they are not deployed. There can be up to 100 different Pikmin out of the onions at any moment. There are three kinds of Pikmin, stronger Red Pikmin, immune to fire, lighter Yellow Pikmin, who can pick up bomb rocks, and Blue Pikmin, immune to water.

Music from "Pikmin" was used in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", including "Ai no Uta" (in Japanese and French). It also reappears in "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U" and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate", as Olimar appears in those games.

"Pikmin" got good reviews and is considered one of the best GameCube launch games. Reviewers liked its strategic gameplay, but a lot complained about the time limit, saying it made it harder to play the game outside of the main task.

Because of "Pikmin"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s popularity, Captain Olimar and his Pikmin appeared in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", along with other creatures and characters as trophies. Olimar also appeared in "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U" and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate" as a fighter.

"Pikmin" had a sequel called "Pikmin 2" in 2004 for the GameCube as well. Another "Pikmin" game, "Pikmin 3", was released on August 4, 2013 for the Wii U, and later, the Nintendo Switch as "Pikmin 3 Deluxe". On July 21, 2023, "Pikmin 4" was released for the Nintendo Switch.

Pikmin 2

Pikmin 2 is a real-time strategy video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console. It is the sequel to "Pikmin". The plot involves Captain Olimar and his co-worker Louie going back to the planet from "Pikmin" to find treasure to save his boss' company. Olimar and Louie control a group of Pikmin and give them commands, which include collecting objects, fighting enemies, and reaching near places.

Captain Olimar, the star of the series, and Louie, his coworker, have to go back to the planet from "Pikmin" when the President of their company made them go there to find treasure to get the company out of debt. They meet with the Pikmin that Olimar met in the first game, along with 2 new types, and they join forces to find the treasure, trying to battle through monsters and the environment.

During the events of Pikmin 1, Captain Olimar's coworker Louie is sent to deliver a load of gold carrots worth over 10,000 "Pokos", the planet's currency. He returns without the carrots, claiming he was attacked by a "Space Bunny" who stole his carrots. As Captain Olimar is returning, the company president reveals to Captain Olimar that the company now has 10,100 "Pokos" of debt to repay, as a result of the carrots being destroyed, and his ship is repossessed. Olimar shows three president and Louie a Bottle cap from PNF-404, the planet he was on. The cap is scanned by a rocket ship, revealing it's worth 100 "Pokos", and is worth more than a year's salary. The president sends Olimar and Louie back to the planet to find more items to sell to repay the debt. They must find 10,000 "Pokos" worth of treasure to leave the planet. 
The game explores four locations across the first game's planet, based on the four seasons. The levels have many objects from the real world, like a Duracell battery and an RC Cola pop cap. A level in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" is based on this planet.

The gameplay is mostly the same as "Pikmin"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s. Players control Olimar, Louie, and Pikmin. They can use them to pick up objects, reach other areas, and fight enemies. Pikmin are plucked out of the ground, and they live in a nest called an onion when they are not deployed. There can be up to 100 different Pikmin out of the onion, and there are five kinds of Pikmin - the Red Pikmin, which are stronger and fireproof, Yellow Pikmin, lighter and immune to electricity, Blue Pikmin, which are immune to drowning, Purple Pikmin, stronger than Red Pikmin and can lift heavy objects, and White Pikmin, immune to poison, poison if eaten, and have X-ray vision, allowing them to see buried objects. The Pikmin can be thrown into the air to reach a higher place and can be guided to get them all in one spot via a whistle. One new feature "Pikmin 2" adds is the ability to switch between two leaders - Olimar and Louie.

A new feature is the Underground, where Olimar, Louie, and their Pikmin go into a cave, which has treasures and powerful creatures, which serve as bosses, in it. The player has to get all the way to the bottom before he or she can get out. Unlike the first game, this game lacks the 30 day time limit.

Music from "Pikmin 2", including the song "Tane no Uta", was used in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U," and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate".

"Pikmin 2" got great reviews, and rates much higher than the original "Pikmin". Many reviewers were glad that Nintendo got rid of the 30-day time limit from "Pikmin", as well as the treasures based on real-life objects. Reviewers were split into the Underground areas, some liking the challenge, while others said it's boring or too hard.

Sid Meier

Sid Meier (born at February 24, 1954 in Sarnia, Ontario) is an Canadian-American video game developer, most well known for his turn-based strategy games. He founded Microprose in 1982 with Bill Stealey. In 1996 he left Microprose and joined Firaxis Games.


Ralph H. Baer

Ralph Henry Baer (March 8, 1922 – December 6, 2014) was a German-American inventor and engineer, known for his contributions to the video game industry.

Because he was of Jewish descent, Baer moved to New York City in 1938. He later became a U.S. citizen.

He died at his home in Manchester, New Hampshire on December 6, 2014, according to family and friends close to him. He was 92 years old.


Pong

Pong is a video game made by Atari. It is believed to be the first video game ever made, although it was made after games similar to it were also made, including "Tennis for Two" and could be emulated by WinUaw.

To play the game a quarter or token must be put into the game machine's slot. Two knobs, are called "paddles" because they control the tennis paddle on the screen. Turn the knob one way and the paddle goes up. Turn the knob the other way and the paddle goes down. The other knob does the same thing to the other paddle on the screen.

Nolan Bushnell

Nolan Bushnell (born February 5, 1943) is an American electrical engineer and entrepreneur. He founded both Atari Inc. (alongside Ted Dabney) and Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza-Time Theaters. Bushnell is in the Video Game Hall of Fame and the Consumer Electronics Association Hall of Fame. He got the BAFTA Fellowship and the Nations Restaurant News “Innovator of the Year” award. He was named one of Newsweek's "50 Men Who Changed America." Bushnell has started more than twenty companies. He is one of the founding fathers of the video game industry.

Bushnell graduated from the University of Utah with a degree in electrical engineering in 1968. Bushnell was raised in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, but is no longer an active member.

Bushnell was featured in the documentary film "Something Ventured" which premiered in 2011.

Bushnell's most recent company is uWink.

Dragon Warrior

Dragon Warrior (called Dragon Quest in Japan) is a role-playing video game made by Chunsoft and published by Enix Corporation and Nintendo of America for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It is the first in the "Dragon Quest" series.

X2 (movie)

X2 (known as X-Men 2: X-Men United in advertising) is a 2003 superhero movie. It was directed by Bryan Singer. It is a sequel to "X-Men" (2000) movie and was followed by "" (2006).

The movie opens with a mutant named Nightcrawler. He is at the White House and attempts to kill the president. At the last moment, a security guard shoots Nightcrawler, forcing him to run away. Meanwhile, Wolverine reaches a location called Alkali Lake, and does not find anything. He returns to Charles Xavier's school for gifted students.

William Stryker, who hates mutants, uses this attack. He talks to the President, who then allows him to raid Charles Xavier's school for gifted mutants. Before he does this, he visits Magneto. Magneto was the bad guy in the first movie and now is in jail. Stryker uses a fluid to make him talk about the school.

Xavier attempts to find Nightcrawler. He uses a machine called Cerebo, which makes his power stronger and allows him to connect to every person's mind. He gives Jean Grey and Storm the last location where he could see Nightcrawler. They leave in the Blackbird. Then, he and Cyclops go to the prison to pay a visit to Magneto.

Stryker raids the mansion. A mutant named Siryn, whose power is a very loud scream, alerts everyone. A series of passageways and escape tunnels allow all but six of the mutants to escape. Wolverine, who has returned, takes Rogue, Iceman, and Pyro with him into a car. They drive to Boston. Meanwhile, Storm and Jean have located Nightcrawler and have him on their ship. Stryker also takes Cerebro with them. At the prison, Stryker has captured Xavier and Cyclops.

At Alkali Lake, Stryker reveals his plan. He has rebuilt Cerebro. He uses his son Jason, a mutant, to create a fantasy world for Xavier. In Xavier's mind, he sees a little girl who thinks that everyone is gone. Xavier goes to his Cerebro, locates everyone, and then starts to focus, which will kill all mutants.

In Boston, Wolverine and his friends go to Iceman's house, where Iceman reveals that he is a mutant. Iceman's brother does not like this and calls the cops. One cop shoots Wolverine in the head. Pyro uses his power – he can control fire – and pushes the police away. Wolverine, whose power is to heal very fast, wakes up. Jean and Storm come in and pick them up.

Mystique has found out where Magneto was staying. She seduces the security guard and injects him with iron. When the security guard comes in, Magneto senses the iron. Magneto can control all metal. Magneto rips it out of the guard and escapes.

The United States Air Force sends two jets to intercept the Blackbird, the plane where all the X-Men are on. Storm, whose power is to control the weather, whips up a tornado that sends both pilots down, but one manages to fire two missiles. Jean Grey, whose power is psychic, manages to destroy one, but the other one hits the jet. They start to go down. Magneto is in the area and saves them.

The X-Men and Magneto make some peace and come together to beat Stryker. The dam is built so that Stryker can flood the tunnel if someone comes in. 15 years ago, Wolverine volunteered for an experiment and was given claws and suffered a lot of pain. Stryker is very interested in Wolverine. So Mystique, whose power is to make herself look like other people, pretends to be Wolverine. She gets in and takes over the control room.

Cyclops appears and attacks Magneto, Mystique, and Jean Grey. Jean uses her psychic power to stop Cyclops, but Cyclops' beam power damages the dam very badly. Wolverine leaves to find Stryker. Stryker shows him Lady Deathstrike, who also has an adamantium skeleton and claws on the tips of her fingers. They fight. Wolverine pumps her full of adamantium and kills her. Storm and Nightcrawler find the six mutants and rescue them.

All mutants suddenly go into pain when Xavier starts focusing. Magneto forces himself into Cerebro and stops it. He then tells Mystique to transform into Stryker and change the rules so that Xavier will kill all the humans instead. The X-Men find out what is happening. Storm and Nightcrawler teleport in there. Storm creates a storm that breaks the spell, and Xavier returns to normal.

All of the X-Men escape the dam. Rogue and Iceman, who were in the Blackbird, land it in front of them. The plane is badly damaged. The dam explodes and a ton of water comes down. At the last second, Jean Grey rushes out of the ship, gets it into the air, and drowns when she can no longer hold back the water. Xavier and his crew go to the White House to inform the President of what has happened. Xavier tells the president that humans and mutants must work together or else they will destroy each other in war.



Pete Young

Bryan Owen "Pete" Young (born March 19 1968 in Meadville, Mississippi) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos in 1992 and 1993. He went to Mississippi State University, where he played college baseball.

On June 2, , Young was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 22nd round of the amateur draft, but did not sign to play Minor League Baseball with Cincinnati, deciding to instead attend Mississippi State where he practiced to become a better pitcher. Young was drafted again on June 5, by the Montreal Expos in the 6th round (148th overall pick) of the amateur draft. This time, Young signed to play in the minors in the Expos organization.

Young made his major league debut on June 5, with the Expos at age 24. On that day, Young pitched 1⅔ innings against the Reds, striking out one batter. The Expos lost the game 10-4. Young played his final major league game for the Expos on July 18, ; on February 18, , he was purchased along with Matt Stairs by the Boston Red Sox organization, but his career ended that season after not reaching the major league club.

At the time of his retirement, Young had earned a career earned run average of 3.63. He finished with 25⅔ innings pitched, striking out 14 batters, and playing in a total of 17 games. He allowed 22 hits, 1 home run, and 9 walks. He only got one win in his career, on July 10, against the San Diego Padres. Young came to bat only once in his two-season career.


Pete Smith

Pete Smith may mean:


Howard Florey

Howard Walter Florey, Baron Florey (24 September 1898 – 21 February 1968) was an Australian pathologist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for 1945, for his study into penicillin. He was appointed a knight bachelor, and later a baron.

He was born in Adelaide, South Australia. He went to the Collegiate School of St.Peter and the Adelaide University. In 1921 he went to England as a Rhodes Scholar studying first at Oxford and then at Cambridge. He worked in the United States for 10 months before going back to London. In 1926 he married long time friend from Adelaide, Mary Ethel Hayter Reed. They were married in England.

In 1925, Foley visited the United States on a Rockefeller Travelling Fellowship for a year, returning in 1926 to a Fellowship at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, receiving here his Ph.D. in 1927. The same year, he was appointed Huddersfield Lecturer in Special Pathology at Cambridge. In 1931 he succeeded to the Joseph Hunter Chair of Pathology at the University of Sheffield and became assistant professor of pathology at the University of Sheffield. From 1935 to 1962 he was a professor at the Sir William Dunn school of pathology at Oxford.

Florey’s most important work was turning penicillin into the first antibiotic. He worked with Ernst Chain to explore discoveries made earlier by Alexander Fleming. They looked at antibacterial substances that came from bacteria and fungi. They found that penicillin was the most interesting. Fleming had first discovered it in 1928. They were able to start experiments on humans in 1941. Because of World War 2 the drug was made in the USA. Its affects on wounded people was described as "miraculous".

He was made a fellow of the Royal Society in 1941. Once the world saw how well penicillin worked he was given many more honours. These included:

He wrote more than 200 scientific papers. He kept an interest in Australia. he had a big role in starting the Australian National University (ANU), especially the John Curtin School of Medical Research. He was the main adviser to the school from 1948 to 1955. In 1965 he was appointed as Chancellor of the university. From 1962 he was Provost of The Queen's College at Oxford. He died from a heart attack in 1968.

He is remembered for his work. A suburb in Canberra, Australia, was named after him. His picture is on the Australian fifty dollar note. There is a lecture theatre and a professorship named after him at the ANU. The Queen's College have named a building after him. There is a memorial stone at St.Nicholas's church at Marston, and a memorial stone in Westminster Abbey. There are a number of paintings and a sculpture.


DJ (disambiguation)

DJ or dj may mean:

Steam locomotive

A steam locomotive is a steam powered railway locomotive. It was used a lot between about 1830 and 1970. Afterwards, diesel and electric locomotives were used more often. The first steam locomotive was made by Richard Trevithick for a railway used for moving iron at an Ironworks in Wales. A steam locomotive works by burning a fuel like coal in a special space called a firebox. This produces hot gases that rise and go through tubes in a boiler - a large space with water in it. This heats the water, producing steam. The steam is then taken through another tube to a cylinder. The steam then pushes the piston which in turn pushes a metal rod that is connected to the wheels, making the locomotive move. The steam then rises out through the chimney.

Steam locomotives are still today used in many developing countries where the railways have not yet been electrified.


Conjunction

Conjunctions are words which join phrases, clauses and sentences.

Conjunctions have three basic forms which are shown in the table below.

Conjunctions also have two functions, as shown below.

Although some people say it's not correct to use conjunctions at the beginning of a sentences, many famous writers do so.

5.Definition of Conjunctions, Examples and Practice Sets
Soanian

The Soanian is an archaeological site that comes from the early stone age. The name comes from the Soan Valley in the Sivalik Hills in Pakistan. The people who lived on this site were probably Homo erectus, the first people to control fire.
Hundreds of stone knives were found at the site, as well as hand axes and cleavers. No human skeletons of this age have been found. In the Soan River Gorge many rocks with fossils can be seen. The 14 million year old fossils of gazelles, rhinoceroses, crocodiles, giraffes and rodents have been found. Some of these fossils are on display at the Natural History Museum of Islamabad.

Richard Hakluyt

Richard Hakluyt (, or ) (c. 1552 or 1553 – 23 November 1616) was an English writer. He is famous for his efforts in promoting the settlement of North America by the English through his works. His most important books are "Divers Voyages Touching the Discoverie of America" (1582) and "The Principal Navigations, Voiages, Traffiques and Discoueries of the English Nation" (1598–1600).




Ashurbanipal

Ashurbanipal (685 BC – 627 BC), the son of Esarhaddon, was the last great king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire. He established (started) the first organized library in the ancient Middle East, the Library of Ashurbanipal, which survives in part today at Nineveh.

In the Bible he is called Asenappar. Roman historian Justinus identified him as Sardanapalus, and describes him as effeminate.

Édouard Daladier

Édouard Daladier (18 June 1884 - 10 October 1970) was a politician, who was the Prime Minister of France at the start of the Second World War. He was one of the politicians in France who tried to stop the war and signed the Munich Agreement at a conference in 1938, together with British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, as well as the dictators of Germany and Italy: Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini.

1989–90 NHL season

The 1989–90 NHL season was the 73rd season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. The Stanley Cup winners were the Edmonton Oilers, who won the best of seven series 4–1 against the Boston Bruins.The championship was the Oilers' fifth Stanley Cup in the past four years.

This also marked the first time that all three New York City metro area teams made the playoffs in the same season.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
"Note: All dates in 1990"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1989–90 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark debut in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1989–90 (listed with their last team):


Munich Agreement

The Munich Agreement was an agreement between France, Italy, Germany and Britain. 

Germany threatened an invasion of the Sudetenland in Czechoslovakia. The British and French prime ministers tried to get Adolf Hitler to agree to not use his military in return for taking the land. After Hitler agreed, most people thought that the agreement was a success. However, Germany invaded the rest of Czechoslovakia in 1939. Later that year, the Second World War started after Germany invaded Poland.

Czechoslovakia was an independent country since it had been formed in 1918. After the First World War this was done by international agreement. Adolf Hitler wanted "Lebensraum" (meaning "living space") to have all Germans in Czechoslovakia united with Germany. As most German speakers in Czechoslovakia were in the Sudetenland, Hitler set his sights there first. He knew that was the main industrial strength of Czechoslovakia. Britain, France and the Soviet Union had all agreed to support Czechoslovakia if it was invaded.

On September 12, 1938, Hitler told the Sudeten Germans that he would support them. On the 15th, Neville Chamberlain met with Hitler in a last-ditch attempt to stop the war. Hitler moderated his demands and said he was interested only in part of Czechoslovakia. Chamberlain thought that was reasonable and that Hitler would be satisfied. However, on the 22nd, Hitler changed his demands and now said that he wanted all of the Sudetenland. The British Navy mobilised, and war seemed imminent. 

Benito Mussolini persuaded Hitler to attend a four-power peace conference in Munich on 29 September. The conference was held between four leaders: Hitler for Germany, Mussolini for Italy, Chamberlain for Britain and Édouard Daladier for France. The Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia were not invited. 

At the conference, Mussolini put forward a plan, which had really been written by the German Foreign Office, for the Sudetenland was to become part of Germany immediately. The German Army was to march into the Sudetenland the following day and to claim it as German territory.

Czechoslovakia had not been even consulted, and the Soviet Union attacked the idea. Chamberlain returned to Britain to receive a hero's welcome, as he had achieved "peace for our time" with his policy, and people feared another world war. The same cheering happened for Daladier in France. 

Edvard Beneš, the Czechoslovak president, resigned. He felt betrayed since Britain and France had promised to help his country. However, he displeased his army by telling it not to fight Germany since he thought that his country would be destroyed by air strikes.

On October 1, Germans walked into the Sudetenland, and Hungary and Poland also grabbed land in Czechoslovakia with had Hungarians and Poles.

Germany invaded Prague in March 1939 and Poland in September. Britain and France declared war on Germany and so the Second World War started



Dawson Island

Dawson Island (Lat: 53º 58’ 12” S Long: 70º 34’ 48”W) is an island in the Strait of Magellan. It is in the Tierra del Fuego archipelago. It is south of the city of Punta Arenas in Chile. It is part of the municipality of Punta Arenas. It is southeast of Brunswick Peninsula. It is an approximately tract of land that often has harsh Antarctic weather. Its population was 415 as of the 1992 census, and 301 as of 2002. The settlements are Puerto Harris, Puerto San Antonio and Puerto Almeida.


Strike

Strike may mean:

Strike may refer to a fight, including:

In sports and games:

Strike action

A strike action (or simply a strike) is when many workers stop working in protest. Strikes are usually done by a labor union to get better pay, hours, or working conditions. They became important during the Industrial Revolution, when many worked in factories and mines. In many countries, it is against the law to strike. In other countries, people who strike are protected under certain conditions.

Strikes generally take the form of a picket line. The workers walk in front of where they work, chanting and holding signs. Workers on strike usually do not stop people from crossing the picket line. However, some people will not cross a picket line to buy something from the company. This is a way of showing solidarity (or support) for the union. Most unions will also not cross a picket line and do business with companies on strike. For example, members of the Teamsters, a truck driving union, will not deliver to a business that is on strike. 

The first known strike was in the 12th century B.C., in Egypt. Workers under Ramses III stopped working on the Necropolis until they were treated better. The word gets its name from modern times: in 1768, sailors in London "struck" or removed the sails of trade ships at port. 

In 1917, the Mexican Constitution was the first to make sure that workers had the right to strike.

A wildcat strike is a strike that is not approved by the labor union. Wildcat strikes are not always protected like union-approved strikes are. 
A sympathy strike is a strike that is done to support another group of workers on strike. 
A slowdown strike is when the workers are still working, but very slowly. It is usually done when workers are not allowed to have a full strike.
A green ban is a strike that is done to get the company to adopt more environmentally friendly practices.

Despite, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights ensure the right to strike, many countries do not allow workers to strike at all, but some allow it under certain conditions.

In the United States, people who work for the Federal Government are not allowed to strike. Some states, like New York, do not allow people who work for the state government (including teachers) to strike. Railroad and airline workers are not allowed to strike, except under certain conditions.

When a strike is called, a government may try to stop it by calling in the police or the military. The threat of force is sometimes enough to get the workers to stop. This happened in the Seattle General Strike of 1919, when over three thousand marines, sailors, and police officers were called into the city by the mayor of Seattle and the Attorney General of Washington.

The owners of a company may also decide to hire new workers. This may cost less than giving into the demands of the workers. This is another way of breaking the strike. These workers, called "scabs" by strikers, are often yelled at as they pass through the picket line. Many unions say that workers who helped break a strike by crossing the picket line are not allowed to be in the union. If the company is a union shop (meaning that only union workers can work there) this means that helping break a strike could get a worker fired from that company forever.

Bird flight

Flight is a method of moving through the air. To do this, birds use wings with light, hollow bones and feathers on them. Birds have a streamlined body shape, so that they slip through air more easily.

Birds can move by flapping their wings, or they can stay in the same place. This is called hovering, with rapid wing beats, as with the kestrel. Birds that soar use very little energy for it: they use columns of rising hot air to lift them. They glide from the top of a warm air current, and then move on to another warm air current. That way birds like buzzards can fly all day while using little energy.

Birds like hawks and gannets dive on their prey. They get to a height, them fold their wings and dive head-first.

The fundamentals of bird flight are similar to those of aircraft. Lift force is produced by the action of air flow on the wing, which is an airfoil. The lift force occurs because the air has a lower pressure just above the wing and higher pressure below.

Super Mario Land

Super Mario Land is a platform video game made by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console. It is one of the only two Mario games designed by Gunpei Yokoi, and the first "Mario" game for a handheld console.

An evil alien monster called Tatanga comes to a kingdom called Sarasaland and kidnaps Princess Daisy. Mario comes to save her and has to go through four worlds and defeat Tatanga's four minions to rescue Daisy from Tatanga.

Mario (series)

The series is a series of popular platform games by Nintendo. They feature Nintendo's mascot Mario and, in most of the games, his brother Luigi. The "Mario" series has been running for more than 40 years. More than 200 video games have been released in the series. The series has been named the best-selling video game series in history, with over 262 million combined units sold.

The series started out in 1981 with the arcade video game, "Donkey Kong", and has since then taken off into its own series. It was created by Shigeru Miyamoto. Mario, going under the name Jumpman when "Donkey Kong" was first released, is the main protagonist throughout most of the series. The main antagonist of the series is Bowser, the King of all Koopas. Most of the games have something to do with jumping and defeating enemies. The games usually feature simple storylines. The most common theme in the series is Bowser, the main villain, taking away Princess Peach, who the Mario brothers try to save during the games. 


Notes

Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island

Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island (called in Japan) is a platform video game made by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console. A follow-up game called "Yoshi's Story" was released for the Nintendo 64, and a direct sequel was released for the Nintendo DS called "Yoshi's Island DS".

"Yoshi's Island" takes place many years before "Donkey Kong", the first "Mario" game. Baby Mario and Baby Luigi are being taken to their parents by the Stork, but a Magikoopa named Kamek attacks it, kidnapping Baby Luigi and causing Baby Mario to drop to Yoshi's Island. Baby Mario lands on the back of Yoshi, who, along with seven other Yoshis, helps Baby Mario defeat Baby Bowser and rescue Baby Luigi.

Palindrome

A palindrome is a word, sentence, or number that reads the same from left to right as from right to left. Punctuation does not matter, but letters and digits do. All alphabetic languages have palindromes. The first palindrome was the Latin Sator Square, which reads:

You can read it horizontally, backwards, even vertically!





Environmentalism

Environmentalism is both a philosophy and a social movement that is about protecting nature. It advocates helping to preserve, protect, and restore the natural environment from damage. Environmentalists often talk about threats to the earth from pollution, climate change and overpopulation. Environmentalism is both personal and political. In their own lives, environmentalists do things that are better for the earth, such as recycling, using natural products, and supporting businesses that try not to harm the environment. Politically, they support laws that help the environment, like laws against pollution.

The word Environmentalism comes from 'environmental' and '-ism'. 'Environmental' is the chemical, physical, and biological components of the environment while '-ism' is a suffix used to create action nouns out of verbs.


Samurai Champloo

Samurai Champloo is a Japanese anime television show. Mugen is a fierce animal-like warrior with a unique Bboying (break-dance) inspired fighting style. Jin has a more traditional style. The two opposing samurai warriors are far from friends, yet their split paths seem to cross anyways. Mugen is wandering aimlessly through the city when he walks upon a teahouse where he meets Jin and Fuu. Fuu convinces them both to come with her in search of a mysterious samurai that smells like sunflowers and their journey begins. This modernized hip-hop tale breaks the barriers of the common, historical, samurai anime.

This anime contains 26 episodes and two seasons, documenting the journey of these three misfits. The episodes are shown on Adult Swim from time to time, but never consistently. Whenever on American television, only the first season is aired.


Chris Thile

Chris Thile () (born February 20, 1981) is an American musician, best known as a member of acoustic band Nickel Creek. He has made six albums as a solo artist and with his band, Punch Brothers. His first, "Leading Off", was released in 1994 when Thile was 13. Thile has also played and recorded with artists like Mike Marshall, Béla Fleck, Glen Phillips, and Edgar Meyer.

Thile's third album, "Not All Who Wander Are Lost", was released in 2001. His fourth, "Deceiver" had all songs written and performed by Thile alone. His most recent solo work was 2006's "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground", and Thile released "Punch" in 2008 with the band Punch Brothers.

Thile was born in Oceanside, California in 1981. When he was two, his family started going to "That Pizza Place", where he listened to John Moore's band "Bluegrass Etc". When Thile was four, his family moved to Idyllwild, California.

He started playing mandolin at the age of five. He took lessons from John Moore. When Thile was eight, Nickel Creek was formed. After playing many music festivals with Nickel Creek, he won the national mandolin contest at the Walnut Valley Festival in Winfield, Kansas at age twelve.

In 1993, Thile was signed to the bluegrass record label Sugar Hill. The next year, he released his first album, "Leading Off", and most of the songs were written by Thile. In 1997, Thile released "Stealing Second" and Nickel Creek released "Here to There".

After "Nickel Creek" sold 500,000 copies, Thile released "Not All Who Wander Are Lost" in 2001. The name of the album comes from a quote in J. R. R. Tolkien's book "The Lord of the Rings". The album had guest appearances from his Nickel Creek bandmates as well as Stuart Duncan, Béla Fleck, Edgar Meyer, Jerry Douglas, and Bryan Sutton.

In 2003, Thile and mandolinist Mike Marshall made a duet album called "Into the Cauldron," which had covers by artists from Charlie Parker to Bach. The next year, Thile released "Deceiver", a pop album on which he played and wrote every song himself. He mainly played his mandolin on the album, but also played electric guitar, piano, drums, violin, viola, cello, and bass.

In August 2006, Nickel Creek announced in "Billboard" and on their official website that they would take an "indefinite hiatus", which means a break for an unknown amount of time.

Just before this, Thile formed the How to Grow a Band. He made "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground", with them. This was Thile's fifth album. In an interview with the "Nashville City Paper", Thile talked about the band's start: 

The band's members are Thile (mandolin), Gabe Witcher (fiddle), Chris Eldridge (guitar), Greg Garrison (bass), and Noam Pikelny (banjo). Bryan Sutton also played guitar for the band when Chris Eldridge could not. In 2007, the band changed its name twice: first to "The Tensions Mountain Boys" and then "Punch Brothers."

Punch Brothers released their first album, "Punch", on the Nonesuch Records on February 26, 2008. The album has Thile's four piece song "The Blind Leaving the Blind", along with other original songs.





Košice

Košice (, IPA kɒʃɪtsə) is the second biggest city in Slovakia, and the biggest city in eastern Slovakia. About 235,000 people live in the city. Košice was founded in 1230.

The town of Košice is divided into 4 districts and 22 city parts:



International Brotherhood of Teamsters

The International Brotherhood of Teamsters (also just called the Teamsters) is an American labor union of truck drivers, airline workers, food processors, graphic designers, police officers, and other employees. With over 1.4 million members, it is one of the largest unions in the United States.

The Teamsters was founded in 1903, when most packages and other goods were delivered by a "team" of horses or oxen.

Boyfriend (disambiguation)

A boyfriend means a partner in a romantic relationship in which the two people are not married to each other.

Boyfriend or boyfriends can mean:


Entente cordiale

The Entente cordiale (French for 'friendly agreement') was a number of agreements signed on 8 April 1904 between the United Kingdom and France. Both countries were worried that their growing empires would cause a war between them. The agreement was the end of almost 1000 years of frequent wars.

The agreement led to the Triple Entente (including Russia), which fought the Triple Alliance (Germany, Italy and Austria-Hungary) in the First World War and has lasted ever since. It was the start of the Triple Entente and the first step to stopping Germany from expanding. France had more chance with Britain of winning against Germany on the Western Front.


Parma wallaby

The Parma wallaby (Macropus parma) is the smallest of the macropus genus. It can grow up to 52 cm in length, with a tail about the same length. They weigh up to 5 kg. The Parma wallaby's fur is a grey-brown colour on the back with a dark stripe. It has a white stripe on its face, and a white belly.
In the late 1800s it was thought to be extinct. Parma wallabies had been introduced and established on Kauwau Island, New Zealand, where they were rediscovered in the 1960s. A lot of effort was made to capture and take the wallabies back to Australia. A small, wild group was found in Gosford, New South Wales in the 1970s by Eric Worrell from the Australian Reptile Park. Parma wallabies are officially listed as vulnerable because there are not many of them, they only live in small areas, and they are threatened by land clearing and other animals such as foxes.


Triple Entente

The Triple Entente (English: "Triple Agreement") was the name given to an alliance between the United Kingdom, France and the Russian Empire. The alliance was made after the Entente cordiale of 1904 and the Anglo-Russian Entente between Britain and Russia in 1907. The alliance was made stronger by agreements made with Japan, the United States and Spain. In this form, there was a balance of power, which meant that no group was much stronger than any other, with the "Triple Alliance" of Germany, Austria-Hungary and Italy. If Italy was attacked by France she would have the help of the other two powers, and if France attacked Germany Italy would help Germany. 

With the First World War, these ententes were not military agreements - but they later involved the military because of the problems between the Triple Alliance and the Triple Entente. The Triple Entente became a military alliance. In 1915, Italy left the Triple Alliance, and from 1916 fought against Germany. The Russian revolution in October 1917 meant that Russia left the alliance, but the military alliance between France and the UK lasted until 1940, when Nazi Germany invaded France.
Later on, Italy joined the Entente in a battle against Austria–Hungary in May 1915 and Germany in August 1916. Dudley, Thomas Lloyd and Davey Murphy. 

During World War I, the alliance was expanded to create a multinational coalition, known as the "Allies". 

This included: 


Triple Alliance (1882)

The Triple Alliance was a military alliance (agreement to fight together) between Germany, Austria-Hungary, and Italy, that lasted from 1880 until the start of World War I in 1914. The three countries promised to help each other if another country attacked them. Some Italian people were not happy about the agreement because Austria-Hungary was an old enemy. In 1914, the Triple Alliance and the Triple Entente (France, Russia and the United Kingdom) started World War I. In 1915, Italy left the alliance and fought against Austria-Hungary and Germany from 1916.

The triple Alliance had many strong points but also negative ones. The positive ones were: the Alliance included two very powerful countries which were industrialized but the negatives were that if war were to be declared they would be encircled by the Triple Entente (France, Russia, and Britain). That would mean that they would have to divide their troops in two which would make the Germans much weaker

Bismark was the man behind the formation of the Triple Alliance. It was started as a dual alliance between Germany and Austria-Hungary because Germany had defeated the Franco-Prussian war of 1870-1871. 

With the outbreak of war amongst all of Europe, the Ottoman Empire joined the Triple Alliance in a pursuit of protection and power. 

Campus novel

A campus novel, also called the academic novel, is a novel that's story is around or about a campus of a university. The genre is said to have started in the 1950s. "The Groves of Academe" by Mary McCarthy, written in 1952, is often called the first campus novel, but some have also said that novels such as C.P. Snow's "The Masters", of the year before, were campus novels.

Crime fiction

Crime fiction is the genre of fiction that has to do with crimes, their solving, criminals, and their reasons for doing crime. Sometimes, crime fiction is also in the science fiction or historical fiction genres, but usually they are separate. It has several sub-genres, such as mystery fiction, legal thriller, (see John Grisham) and courtroom drama.


Marco Pantani

Marco Pantani (13 January 1970 – 14 February 2004) was an Italian professional cyclist. He was born in Cesena, Emilia-Romagna. He was very good at climbing mountains in races. In 1998 he won both the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia. He was a popular cyclist, and his Italian fans gave him the nickname 'Il Pirata' (the pirate) because of his appearance (he often wore a bandana) and because of his aggressive riding style. He failed a test in the 1999 Giro d'Italia. He returned to cycling, but never won a major race again. In June of 2003 he went into hospital with depression. He died of a cocaine overdose in 2004 in Rimini, Emilia-Romagna. His last entry in his diary read:





Conscience

Conscience is something that tells people if what they are doing is right or wrong. Having it can make people sad about what they have done. It is the sense of the moral goodness or blameworthiness of one's own conduct, intentions, or character together with a feeling of obligation to do right or be good.

Middle English (also in the sense ‘inner thoughts or knowledge’): via Old French from Latin conscientia, from conscient- ‘being privy to’, from the verb conscire, from con- ‘with’ + scire ‘know’.



Clare

Clare can mean:







Clare, Suffolk

Clare is a small town on the north bank of the River Stour in Suffolk, England. Clare is an amazing town with it containing ruins of an old railway station.It has an amazing market in the town center every week.


Bernard Hinault

Bernard Hinault (born 14 November 1954) in Yffiniac is a French cyclist who won the Tour de France five times. He is also one of only seven cyclists to have won all three Grand Tours, the Tour de France, the Giro d'Italia, and the Vuelta a España. He is one of the two cyclists who has won each Grand Tour more than once. He won the Tour de France in 1978, 1979, 1981, 1982 and 1985. He was first in the Giro d'Italia in 1980, 1982 and 1985. He was first in the Vuelta a España in 1978 and 1983. Hinault had the nickname Le Blaireau (the Badger). Hinault says this was a local custom with cyclists when he was young. Professional cyclists used the nickname because badgers do not let go of their prey (animals they want to eat) easily. People know him as a very independent and strong man.



Hinault also won the season-long "Super Prestige Pernod International" competition four times from 1979 to 1982, the same as Jacques Anquetil's total.


Muzaffarabad

Muzaffarabad () is the capital city of Azad Kashmir. It is in Muzaffarabad District on the banks of the Jhelum and Neelum rivers. It is very hilly and mountainous. Majority of the population speak Hindko and are Muslim and follow Islam.

The district is bounded by Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the west, by the Kupwara and Baramulla districts of the Indian Jammu and Kashmir in the east, and the Neelum District of Azad Kashmir in the north. 

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 1

This is the results of "America's Next Top Model", Cycle 1.



Post-traumatic stress disorder

Post-traumatic stress disorder (sometimes also written "Posttraumatic stress disorder", often shortened to "PTSD") is an anxiety disorder. It can develop when people are severely harmed, or experience something extremely upsetting.

PTSD is different from traumatic stress, which is less intense and shorter, and combat stress reaction, which happens to soldiers in wartime situations and usually goes away. PTSD has been recognized in the past by different names, like shell shock, traumatic war neurosis, or post-traumatic stress syndrome (PTSS). Note that today, the term shell shock is mostly used for such conditions, in connection with World War I. 

Throughout history, there have been many accounts of people experiencing symptoms of what is now called PTSD. One such account describes Samuel Pepys, who witnessed the Great Fire of London in 1666. "Six months after the event, he wrote in his diary that he was unable to sleep at night, because a great fear of fire took him; one night he was unable to fall asleep before two in the morning, because of that fear."

Between 50% and 90% of people in the United States will experience a trauma at least once in their life. However, not everyone who experiences a trauma will develop PTSD. In the US, the prevalence of PTSD - the percentage of people who have the condition - is about 8%. 

PTSD is more common among specific groups of people who are more likely to experience a trauma. These groups include physicians, firefighters, soldiers and people working in emergency medical services. Among these people, the prevalence of PTSD is much higher, reaching over 50%.

It is also possible to develop PTSD after experiencing abuse. In cases where the abuse is ongoing and experienced over a long period of time, the PTSD is aggravated and referred to as Complex PTSD or CPTSD.

For PTSD to be diagnosed officially, a person has to meet specific criteria, or requirements, and show specific symptoms. These requirements are listed in the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual-IV-TR" (usually called the DSM-IV-TR). Written by the American Psychiatric Association (APA), the DSM-IV-TR (DSM, 4th Edition, Text Revision) lists all of the mental health conditions that are recognized by the APA, and sets out the official requirements that have to be met for each condition to be diagnosed.

According to the DSM-IV-TR, for PTSD to be diagnosed, a person has to meet the following requirements:

(A) Traumatic Exposure: The person has experienced a traumatic event. (Common traumatic events include being raped or sexually abused; being attacked or badly hurt; having a loved one die or be hurt; being a victim of a crime; and experiencing war or terrorism.) The traumatic event caused the person to be physically hurt or violated, or it put the person or others around them in danger of being hurt or killed. During the traumatic event, the person felt very scared, horrified, or helpless.

(B) Re-experiencing: Even after the trauma has ended, the person continues to re-experience the trauma in some way. For example, the person might have nightmares, or flashbacks (strong memories of the trauma, which are so vivid and intense that the person feels like they are experiencing the trauma all over again). The person might also have a strong physical or emotional reaction when something happens which reminds them of the trauma.

(C) Avoidance/Numbing: The person keeps trying to avoid things which remind them of the trauma, or things which bring up upsetting feelings about what happened. They might also forget parts of what happened to them, or might feel numb emotionally (have trouble feeling emotions as strongly as usual).

(D) Increased Arousal: The person's body shows signs of being on high alert, like it is always under attack. They might be jumpy, or have trouble with sleeping, concentrating, or feeling angry.

(E) The person's symptoms have lasted for at least a month. (If the person's symptoms have lasted for less than a month, Acute Stress Disorder is usually diagnosed instead of PTSD).

(F) The person's symptoms causes them to have trouble at work, in relationships, or in some other important area of their life.

Some experts have written that fabricated posttraumatic stress disorder should be considered when a patient's symptoms are suspicious or unusual. These experts (specifically, the "American Psychiatric Association" DSM IV manual; expert witnesses such as Eli S. Chesen, M.D.; and the textbook "Comprehensive Textbook of Psychiatry," by Freedman & Kaplan) have suggested that it should raise a "red flag" if a patient claims to be suffering from both PTSD and a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) as a result of the same accident. They suggest that TBI - a physical injury to the brain - causes amnesia, or memory loss, for the event that caused the brain injury. Without memory of the traumatic event, they reason, a patient probably could not experience certain symptoms of PTSD, like nightmares or flashbacks about the event, because they do not remember what happened. They conclude that in typical cases, Traumatic Brain Injury "trumps" the diagnosis of PTSD.

Hugo de Vries

Hugo Marie de Vries (Haarlem, 16 February 1848 – Lunteren, 21 May 1935) was a Dutch botanist and one of the first geneticists. He suggested the concept of genes, rediscovered Gregor Mendel's laws of heredity, and introduced the term "mutation". He developed a mistaken mutation theory of evolution, mainly due to the peculiarities of his favourite organism, the Evening Primrose ("Oenothera lamarckiana").

Carl Correns also – independently – rediscovered Gregor Mendel's work on genetics. Erich von Tschermak's status as a third rediscoverer is now less convincing. 

Carl Correns

Carl Erich Correns (10 September 1864 – 14 February 1933) was a German botanist and geneticist. His research into heredity led to his rediscovery of Gregor Mendel's earlier work. 

Hugo de Vries also – independently – rediscovered Gregor Mendel's work on genetics. Erich von Tschermak's status as a third rediscoverer is now less convincing.

Correns grew hybrids of peas, and of maize, and reached the same interpretation as Mendel, in 1899. 

The occurrence of cases in which the heterozygote is intermediate (the absence of dominance) was added in a footnote to his 1900 paper. That dominance was not always present had been seen and understood by Mendel, according to his letters to Nägeli. By a quirk of history Correns was a student of Nägeli, a renowned botanist with whom Mendel corresponded about his work with peas. Nägeli failed to understand how significant Mendel's work was.

In 1913 Correns became the first director of the newly founded Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Biology in Berlin-Dahlem.

Correns produced the first evidence of cytoplasmic inheritance, in his 1909 paper on variegated leaf colour in "Mirabilis jalapa". The basis of this inheritance is that chloroplasts, the organelles which conduct photosynthesis, are inherited solely from the maternal parent.

Erich von Tschermak

Erich von Tschermak-Seysenegg (15 November 1871 – October 11 1962) was an Austrian botanist.

Von Tschermak is one of three men – the others were Hugo de Vries and Carl Correns – who were credited with independently rediscovering Gregor Mendel's work on genetics. Von Tschermak published his findings in June 1900.

By a quirk of history, Correns had been a student of Karl Wilhelm von Nägeli. Nageli was a renowned botanist with whom Mendel corresponded about his work with peas, but who failed to understand how significant Mendel's work was. Von Tschermak was a grandson of a man who taught Mendel botany during his student days in Vienna.

Though von Tschermak was originally also credited with the rediscovery, this is no longer generally accepted, because he did not understand Mendel's laws.


Woodward's wallaroo

Woodward's wallaroo ("Macropus bernardus"), also called the black wallaroo and Bernard's wallaroo, is the smallest of the wallaroos. The male is black or dark brown and the female is a grey colour. It is a shy nocturnal grazer and does not live in big groups. It uses the rocky cliffs where it lives to shelter and hide from danger.

It is only found in a small, mountainous area in Arnhem Land, Northern Territory, between South Alligator River and Nabarlek. It classified as near threatened, because it is only found in this small area. The name wallaroo means a "rock kangaroo."


Alex Rodriguez

Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez (born July 27, 1975 in New York City, New York). In the past, he played as shortstop for the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers.

He is currently first in runs scored and total bases; second in extra base hits and RBI, and 4th in hits among all players in baseball history since their 31st birthday. Also, Rodriguez has more HR, RBI, runs scored and more base hits than all-time leaders Hank Aaron (RBI), Barry Bonds (HR), Rickey Henderson (runs scored), and Pete Rose (hits) did before their 31st birthdays. He is the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs, breaking the record Jimmie Foxx set in 1939.

He has been said to be one of the best all-around players currently in baseball.

In 2009, he admitted to using steroids from 2001-2003, during his time with the Texas Rangers, in order to become better at baseball.

His playing career ended in August of 2016.


Alex

Alex is a given name. It can refer to a shortened version of Alexander, Alexandra, Alexis. 















Tomatina

La Tomatina is a festival held on the last Wednesday of August each year in the town of Buñol in the Valencia region of Spain. Many people come from all over the world to throw one hundred tons of over-ripe tomatoes in the streets.


Wallaroo

A wallaroo is an Australian macropod with its size between the big kangaroos and the small wallabies. The name "wallaroo" is a mix of wallaby and kangaroo. Most wallaroos are smaller than a kangaroo, and live in open, rocky country. Wallaroo means "rock kangaroo". There are three types of wallaroo. They all stand the same way: wrists raised, elbows close into the body, and shoulders back, and all have a large, black nose.

The eastern wallaroo, "Macropus robustus", sometimes called the, common wallaroo or just wallaroo lives on the sides of the Great Dividing Range (which runs for more than 3,000 km along the eastern and south-eastern coast of Australia). There are four subspecies of Eastern Wallaroo: 

Woodward's wallaroo or black wallaroo, "Macropus bernardus", lives in steep, rocky ground in Arnhem Land. Between 60 to 70 cm in length (without tail) it is the smallest wallaroo and the most heavily built. Males weigh 19 to 22 kg, females about 13 kg. 

The antilopine wallaroo, "Macropus antilopinus", also called the antilopine kangaroo, is different to other wallaroos. It is, more like the eastern and western grey kangaroos. It lives in groups on the grassy plains and woodlands, where the other wallaroos live by themselves.

Zoe

Zoe could mean:

ZOE may stand for:


Zoe (name)

Zoë (and other such names) is a gender-neutral name which came from ancient Greece and means "life" in Greek. The pronunciation of the name is [ zoh-ee, zoh ]. This name was ranked #42 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

Some uses of the name are:



Rick Warren

Richard Duane "Rick" Warren (born January 28, 1954) is both founder and pastor of the evangelical Baptist Saddleback Church in Southern California. It is the largest church in California. He is also the best-selling author of many Christian books, such as "The Purpose Driven Life". He is also an influential evangelical leader.

Warren was born in San Jose, California.

Antilopine kangaroo

The antilopine kangaroo ("Macropus antilopinus"), also called the antilopine wallaroo or the antilopine wallaby, is a large macropod that lives only in the tropical areas of northern Australia. They live in Cape York Peninsula in north Queensland, the "Top End" of the Northern Territory, and the Kimberley region of Western Australia. They live in groups feeding on the open grass lands. Antilopine kangaroos are often in groups of all males, or all females.

The male is a red colour and females are grey. The males can get as big as 70 kg, but the females are usually around 30 kg. It is slightly smaller than the red kangaroo ("Macropus rufus") and the eastern grey kangaroo ("Macropus giganteus"). Babies are born in the summer (February-March), and leave the mother's pouch in Novemember, at the start of the wet season

Climate change could mean that this kangaroo could become extinct in the future.


Synchronization

Synchronization is the co-ordination of a set of events into a system that works according to time. For example, a conductor of an orchestra serves to keep the orchestra "in time", or "synchronized". Systems that operate with all their parts in synchrony are said to be "synchronous" or "in sync".

In synchronization, time and order are important. It is used in many everyday systems, including those in transport, computer science, music, multimedia and telecommunication.

Today, synchronization can be done across the world due to digital signals and GPS-enabled time-keeping systems.



Peptide

Peptides are organic chemical molecules. They are polymers made from linking amino acids together in a certain order. The link between one amino acid residue and the next is known as an amide bond or a peptide bond.

Linking peptides together gives proteins, which are "polypeptides".


Cubic foot

A cubic foot is a measure of volume. It is the amount of liquid that can be fit into a box 1 foot deep, one foot wide, and one foot in length. A cubic foot can be written ft. It is used in the United States, and partially in Canada, and the United Kingdom.

Webmin

Webmin is a web-based system configuration tool for OpenSolaris, Linux and other Unix-like systems. It can configure many operating system internals, such as users, disk quotas, services, configuration files, as well as modify and control many opensource applications, such as the Apache HTTP Server, PHP and MySQL.

Webmin is largely based on Perl, running as its own process and web server. It defaults to TCP port 10000 for communicating, and can be configured to use SSL if OpenSSL is installed with extra required Perl Modules.

Family tree

A family tree is a chart showing family relationships in a tree structure form. The more detailed family trees used in medicine, genealogy, and social work are known as genograms.

As normally showed, a family tree "grows" down from the top, from the oldest generations at the top to the newer generations at the bottom. A tree showing the descendants of an individual (illustration right) will more closely look like a tree in shape; one showing the ancestors of an individual (illustration below in "The Family Tree of Sigmund") will be wider at the top than the bottom. When looking at the closer to the bottom of the tree, it will show more recent generations, and when looking farther up, there will be older generations.
the oldest family members go on the right maybe the left.


Survival of the fittest

Survival of the fittest is a famous phrase of Herbert Spencer which describes the idea that, in nature, there is competition to survive and reproduce. It is a metaphor, as are the phrases "struggle for existence", and "natural selection", both of which were used by Charles Darwin. Scientists often use such metaphors as shorthand for key ideas. These metaphors stick in the mind, but they need to be properly understood, or they may be used wrongly.

Herbert Spencer was a British social philosopher who applied his personal conception of evolution to many other fields, from the origin of the solar system to economics. He first used the term in his book "Principles of Biology", published in 1864. In that book (vol 1 p444) he wrote: "This survival of the fittest, which I have here sought to express in mechanical terms, is that which Mr. Darwin has called ‘natural selection’, or the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life".

Spencer later published a book called "The Man versus the State". There, he used the phrase to explain why societies of a militant type would not adopt his theories. The way he uses the term suggests he is talking about a general principle.

Thus by survival of the fittest, the militant type of society becomes characterized by profound confidence in the governing power, joined with a loyalty causing submission to it in all matters whatever.
In the first four editions of "On the Origin of Species", Darwin used only the phrase "natural selection". It was his way of making an analogy with artificial selection (selective breeding), a practice which was well understood in England at that time.

Spencer's "Principles of Biology" was the first to use the phrase "survival of the fittest" in print. Darwin agreed that the phrase "survival of the fittest" was better than "natural selection". Natural selection personified nature, but was really about survival. "Survival of the fittest" would avoid this problem, but it "lost the analogy between nature's selection and the fanciers" (breeders). The phrase was first used by Darwin in the 5th edition of "The Origin" published in 1869, in which Chapter 4 describes "Natural Selection, or the Survival of the Fittest".

In the introduction to the 5th edition Darwin gave full credit to Spencer, writing "I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term Natural Selection, in order to mark its relation to man's power of selection. But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer of the Survival of the Fittest is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient".

The co-discoverer of natural selection, Alfred Russel Wallace, also used the terms "survival of the fittest" and "struggle for existence". He rather preferred the last two terms to natural selection. Since both these evolutionists used them, the three metaphors were obviously useful in getting over what were, at the time, unfamiliar ideas.

The phrase "survival of the fittest" is shorthand for the fact that not all members of a species will contribute equally to the next generation. It is not a value judgement, but a concept of evolution equivalent to natural selection. Fitness is now used in a highly technical sense in population genetics, which should not be confused with its use in everyday language.

Today, the phrase "survival of the fittest" is widely used in popular literature for many topics, not just those related to biology. It has widely been used both by people who are in favour of Social Darwinism and those who are against it. It has also been used to talk about competition of all kinds. Popular literature often uses the phrase as a catchphrase. All such extensions of a metaphor need to be watched carefully. They may preserve the original meaning, or they may not.

Social responses to the idea of evolution

Evolution was an idea debated before Charles Darwin published "On the Origin of Species". In very broad terms, this idea says that species change over time. Even today, some people still talk about the concept of evolution and what it means to them, to their philosophy and their religion. Sometimes these people also talk about the social implications of evolution. This debate is mostly about the meaning of evolution to human life, or about human nature, not about how evolution works.

Some people believe in "guided evolution" or "theistic evolution". They say that evolution is real, but it is being guided it some way.

There are many different concepts of "theistic evolution". Many creationists believe that the creation myth found in their religion goes against the idea of evolution. As Darwin found out early on, the most controversial part of the evolutionary thought is its implications for human origins.

In some countries, especially in the United States, there is tension between people who accept the idea of evolution and those who reject it. The debate is mostly about if the ideas in evolution should be taught in schools, and in what way.

Other fields, like cosmology and earth science also do not match with the original writings of many religious texts. These ideas were once also fiercely opposed. Death for heresy was threatened to those who wrote against the idea that the Earth was the centre of the universe. Giordano Bruno was burnt at the stake by the Holy Inquisition for teaching that the Earth moved around the Sun (and other ideas).

Evolutionary biology is opposed much more from religious believers than other groups or organizations.

The Roman Catholic Church now has a neutral position with regards to evolution. Pope Pius XII stated in his encyclical "Humani Generis" published in the 1950s:
Pope John Paul II updated this position in 1996. He said that Evolution was "more than a hypothesis":
The Anglican Communion also does not oppose the scientific account of evolution.

Many of those who accepted evolution were not much interested in biology. They were interested in using the theory to support their own ideas on society.

In the Bible, for instance, after Noah's Ark landed, there is a passage that describes how Noah got drunk while naked and Ham laughed at him. Noah cursed Ham, which somehow became part of a justification for racism and slavery.

Later, people also tried to use evolution to support racism. Evolution itself is not about racism. However, people wanting to justify racism claimed that black people were inferior. They said that because evolution shows that, in nature, "better" animals tend to survive, leading to evolution of improved animals, they had the right to oppress the "weaker". They believed they were clearly "better", but that would need evidence. There is no agreed evidence that any race of humans is better than any other race.

The idea of eugenics was rather different. Two things had been noticed as far back as the 18th century. One was the great success of farmers in breeding cattle and crop plants. They did this by selecting which animals or plants would produce the next generation (artificial selection). The other observation was that lower class people had more children than upper-class people. If (and it's a big if) the higher classes were there on "merit", then their lack of children was the exact reverse of what should be happening. Faster breeding in the lower classes would lead to the society getting worse.

The idea to improve the human species by selective breeding is called eugenics. The name was proposed by Francis Galton, a bright scientist who meant to do good. Today, Galton is remembered for many things he did in statistics and psychology. He was the first to use regression analysis to see how different things that depend on one another influence one another. He used fingerprints in forensic science. He is seen as the father of experimental psychology, together with Wilhelm Wundt. He developed the bean machine to show probability distributions, among other things.

Galton's ideas were meant to do good. He said that the human gene pool should be improved by selective breeding policies. This would mean that those who were considered "good stock" would receive a reward if they reproduced. However, other people added to this, and said those considered "bad stock" would need to undergo compulsory sterilization, prenatal testing and birth control; and they might even have to be killed.

The problem with Galton's idea is how to decide which features to select. There's so many different skills people could have, you could not agree who was "good stock" and who was "bad stock". There was rather more agreement on who should "not" be breeding. Several countries passed laws for the compulsory sterilisation of unwelcome groups. Most of these laws were passed during between 1900 and 1940. After World War II, disgust at what the Nazis had done lowered public support for forced eugenics.

Another example of using wrong ideas about evolution to support bad things is "Social Darwinism". Social Darwinism is a term given to the ideas of the 19th century British social philosopher Herbert Spencer. Spencer had ideas about "survival of the fittest", which he applied to commerce and human societies as a whole.

Other people used these ideas to claim that social differences, racism, and imperialism were justified. Today, most scientists and philosophers say that the theory of evolution should not be used to support such ideas. They also say that it is difficult to find data that can support them.

Certain people oppose the idea of evolution. They disagree with it for a number of reasons. Most often these reasons are influenced by their religious beliefs. Their beliefs are usually called creationism or intelligent design.

Despite this, evolution is one of the most successful theories in science. People have found it to be useful for different kinds of research. None of the other proposals explain things, such as fossil records, as well. So, for almost all scientists, evolution is not in doubt.


Palembang

Palembang is a city in Indonesia. It is in the south of the Indonesian island of Sumatra. As of mid-2019, 1,662,893 people live there. It is the capital of the province of South Sumatra.

The city was the capital of the old, Buddhist kingdom of Srivijaya that included a large part of Malaysia and Indonesia. After a 1025 raid by the Chola Empire of southern India it became less imortant. Srivijaya's capital moved north to Jambi. Palembang is also the home of Parameswara, the ruler of Malacca (a state in Malaysia) who started the most important empire in Malaysian history. 

The Battle of Palembang was fought near the city during the Second World War between February 13-February 15 1942. Japanese forces captured the airport and nearby oil refinery after a short but bloody battle.

Palembang's economy has grown after it became a venue for National Sporting Event in 2004. . Palembang was also one of hosts of the 2007 AFC Asian Cup.

The city is served by Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II Airport which has many flights to many cities in Indonesia and also to Singapore and Malaysia.

This city is famous in Indonesia for its "Pempek" fish cakes.


Social darwinism

Social darwinism is a term used for different movements. Charles Darwin was the main proposer of evolution. Evolution is a concept from biology that explains how different life-forms change over time. Most offspring are not exactly like their parents. Some of the children will have different features (or traits). These features may mean that some children are better adapted to the place where they live. If so, the children will have a better chance to survive and reproduce.

Social darwinism theories try to use these ideas from biology for human society. They talk about a "Struggle for survival" of human societies. During the era of Nazi ideologies, the idea of Survival of the fittest combined with racism. They claimed the Aryan race was better than all the other races and therefore needed more space to live. This space was to be provided in the east (where mostly Slavs lived). 
Today, this is seen as wrong. There was no evidence that Slavs were, as individuals, any better or worse than Germans.

Although Darwin's idea was revered in most of the western societies, some Russian intellectuals did not accept his ideas. They feared that accepting Darwin's ideas would cause harm. One of Darwin's biggest critic was Leo Tolstoy, who felt strongly against what he thought was Darwin's idea. In a letter from his death bed, he warned his children not to take Darwin's struggle for existence as a moral guide. Darwin never suggested his ideas were a basis for human life, just a description of what had happened in evolution.

Social darwinism takes the ideas from Darwin’s theory of evolution and uses it on society. Darwin believed that people who were more able to survive were able to have kids with similar abilities. Social Darwinism says that people who have more skills will become more successful. These people can spread their influence and change the politics and society around them to make it better for themselves. 

Herbert Spencer's ideas of evolutionary progressivism, stemmed from his reading of Thomas Malthus. His later theories were influenced by those of Darwin. However, Spencer's major work, "Progress: its law and cause" (1857), was released two years before the publication of Darwin's "On the Origin of Species", and Spencer's "First Principles" was printed in 1860.

In "The Social Organism" (1860), Spencer compares society to a living organism and argues that, just as biological organisms evolve through natural selection, society evolves and increases in complexity through analogous processes.

In many ways, Spencer's theory of cosmic evolution has much more in common with the works of Lamarck and Auguste Comte's positivism than with Darwin's.

Social darwinism may be used as a drive for political parties. For example, the Nazis during World War 2. They preferred some people over others based on ideas like race, and the amount of political control they had. They did not like the Jewish people because they thought they were less than human and were not as important as the rest of the people of Germany. 

To justify war on the basis of race is common throughout history. It was very often used in the ancient world when nothing was known about heredity. Nothing that Darwin wrote ever came close to justifying warfare. Warfare has a much longer history than Darwinism. Its roots lie in the struggle for survival of groups of early humans, not in any modern science. Darwin, on the other hand, was basically a pacifist:

"... Social instincts lead an animal to take pleasure in the society of its fellows, to feel a certain amount of sympathy with them, and to perform various services for them".

Beccles

Beccles is a small market town in Suffolk, England, around the area of The Broads. The town had a population of about 9, 850 people around 2005. Beccles has a suburb called Worlingham which has a combined population of about 13,580. Beccles is twinned with Petit-Couronne in France.

Beccles was once a flourishing Saxon riverport, but today it is in the Waveney valley. There is a popular boating centre. The town was granted its Charter in 1584 by Queen Elizabeth I.

The Peck family was associated with Beccles for a long time. The Puritan Peck was eventually forced to leave, and went to Hingham, Massachusetts, founded by many members of his parish, where he lived for several years, until King Charles I had been executed and Oliver Cromwell was in charge of government. At that time, Robert Peck decided to return to Hingham, Norfolk, and continued his pastorship of St. Andrews Church. He died in Hingham but he left descendants in America, as well as his brother Joseph Peck, who settled in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.

Lamarckism

Lamarckism (also called Lamarckian evolution) is a wrong hypothesis regarding evolution. Evolution tries to explain how species change over time. Today, the only widely accepted theory of evolution is that developed from the ideas of Charles Darwin.

Lamarckism is named after Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck. He based his ideas, to some extent, on those of Erasmus Darwin, the grandfather of Charles Darwin. Lamarckism says that individuals do not only pass on the things they received from their parents, but also some things they experienced during their lifetime. As an example, he cited giraffes. Giraffes, which have long necks, must have evolved from ancestors with much shorter necks. His idea was that adults needed to stretch their neck to reach leaves from high branches. Therefore, he thought, the children inherited longer necks. This idea is called "the inheritance of acquired characteristics".

Although Darwin did not entirely break with these ideas, his characteristic idea of natural selection relates to the individuals's relative survival and success in reproduction. Better adapted forms leave, on average, more offspring. This changes the proportion of alleles in the population.

Gregor Mendel discovered some basic rules of heredity. These rules of Mendelian inheritance contradict Lamarck's hypotheses entirely, but are consistent with natural selection. This explains why Lamarck's ideas are no longer regarded as a sound explanation of evolution. Where Lamarck and Darwin do agree is that evolution did take place.

The identification of "Lamarckism" with the inheritance of acquired characteristics alone is regarded by some as an over-simplification, rehashed in textbooks repeatedly. Stephen Jay Gould wrote that late 19th century evolutionists "re-read Lamarck, cast aside the guts of it... and elevated one aspect of the mechanics – inheritance of acquired characters – to a central focus it never had for Lamarck himself". He argued that "the restriction of Lamarckism to this relatively small and non-distinctive corner of Lamarck's thought must be labelled as more than a misnomer, and truly a discredit to the memory of a man and his much more comprehensive system". Gould advocated defining "Lamarckism" more broadly, in line with Lamarck's overall evolutionary theory.

However, as scientist historians such as Michael Ghiselin and Stephen Jay Gould have pointed out, none of these views were original to Lamarck. On the contrary, Lamarck's contribution was a systematic theoretical framework for understanding evolution. He saw evolution as comprising two processes;


In essence, a change in the environment brings about a change in needs ("besoins"), resulting in a change in behavior, bringing change in organ usage and development, bringing change in form over time — and thus the gradual transmutation (change) of the species.

The modern point of view is that neither of his two 'forces' exists; Lamarck can be credited with the first fully worked-out account of evolution. However, his ideas of how it came about are entirely mistaken.

Darwinism

Darwinism is a term used to talk about ideas connected to those Charles Darwin had about evolution. The meaning of 'Darwinism' has changed over time, and depends on who uses the term.


The term was coined by Thomas Henry Huxley in April 1860. He used it to describe evolutionary concepts, including similar ideas such as Malthusianism and Spencerism. In the late 19th century, it came to mean the concept that natural selection was the only mechanism of evolution, in contrast to Lamarckism. Around 1900, Gregor Mendel's work was rediscovered. Today, Darwin and Mendel's ideas have been brought together. The term 'Darwinism' has become associated with the modern evolutionary synthesis. 

Istria

Istria (Croatian, Slovene: "Istra", Italian: "Istria"), formerly Histria (Latin), is the biggest peninsula in the Adriatic Sea.

Source: Croatian Census - 2001. Slovenian Census - 2002. Italian Census - 1970/2001


Prenatal diagnosis

Prenatal testing or Prenatal diagnosis are tests done on pregnant women. They are used to test fetuses for birth defects and some genetic disorders. 

Prenatal tests can be non-invasive or invasive. Non-invasive tests include things like utrasounds. In invasive tests, a needle is inserted - for example, to get a sample of fluid from the placenta). 

Prenatal tests can check for many conditions, like:

In some cases, the tests are administered to determine if the parents want to abort the fetus.

In some cases, fetal screening has been done to identify things that are not birth defects. For example, in some parts of the world, if an ultrasound shows that a fetus is female, it is sometimes aborted. The rise of designer babies raises a number of ethical and legal issues.

Compulsory sterilization

Compulsory sterilization is a term used for laws that force certain groups of people to be sterilized so that they can no longer make babies. International Criminal Court considers compulsory sterilization for a "crime against humanity". Transgender persons are often obliged to undergo sterilization for legal rocognition of legal status depite the Principle 3 of the Yogyakarta Principles. 

Such laws were mainly introduced because of Eugenic views of the start of the 20th century. Today, most compulsory sterilizations are done to mentally ill people who are not able to handle a pregnancy on their own. In China, compulsory sterilization is part of family planning.

List of Italian place names in Dalmatia

This is a list of Italian language place names on the Dalmatian coast, including the islands up to Rijeka/Fiume.
























Malthusianism

Malthusianism is a set of ideas developed by Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus. Malthus was an economist who lived during the industrial revolution.

In 1798, Mathus published a book, called "An Essay on the Principle of Population". In it, he describes his Malthusian growth model. He wrote that the growth of the population is exponential, but the growth of the food supply is only arithmetical. This means if there are no limits to the growth of the population, it will not be possible to produce food for all of them. Malthus was read by Charles Darwin. It showed Darwin that the survival of a species was something which needed explaining.

The Tory party had paternalistic ideas such as charity for the poor. Malthus said this would not work, and it would only lead to increased numbers of the poor. The theory was developed into Whig economic ideas such as The Poor Law Amendment Act of 1834. Its opponents described the act as "a Malthusian bill designed to force the poor to emigrate, to work for lower wages, to live on a coarser sort of food". The act brought the construction of workhouses despite riots and arson.

By that time the ideas were widespread in progressive social circles. One supporter was the novelist Harriet Martineau who also knew Charles Darwin. The ideas of Malthus were a significant influence on the development of Darwin's ideas.

Though Malthusianism has since come to be identified with the issue of general over-population, the original Malthusian concern was more specifically with the fear of over-population by the dependent poor.

One of the earliest critics of Malthusian theory was Karl Marx who referred to it. Many people today believe that Malthus was right about human population growth getting out of hand.



Greg LeMond

Gregory James "Greg" LeMond (born June 26, 1961 in Lakewood, California) is an American road racing cyclist who raced as a professional from 1981 to 1994.

He became the first American to win the Tour de France in 1986. In 1987 he was injured in a shooting accident, and could not race again until 1989, when he won the Tour de France again. He beat the French cyclist Laurent Fignon in an individual time trial using aero bars, which made him more aerodynamic (able to move through air easily). He won the Tour de France again in 1990. He now runs a bicycle company, and works to help people who are victims of sexual abuse. He has been diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.

"First year as a professional."



Francis Galton

Sir Francis Galton FRS (Birmingham, 16 February 1822 – Surrey, 17 January 1911), half-cousin of Charles Darwin, was an English scientist. His main field of work was human biology and inheritance of mental characteristics.

Galton was a polymath: an anthropologist, a eugenicist, a tropical explorer, geographer, inventor, meteorologist, proto-geneticist, psychometrician, and statistician. He was knighted in 1909.

Galton produced over 340 papers and books in his lifetime. He created the statistical concepts of normal distribution, correlation and regression toward the mean. He was the first to apply statistical methods to the study of human differences and inheritance of intelligence. 

He was the first person to do twin studies. His method was to trace twins through their life-history, making many kinds of measurement. Unfortunately, though he knew about monozygotic (identical twins) and dizygotic twins, he did not appreciate the real genetic difference. Twin studies of the modern kind did not appear until the 1920s.

He also introduced the use of questionnaires and surveys to collect data on human communities. He needed such data for genealogical and biographical works and for his anthropometric studies. He was a pioneer in eugenics, coining the very term itself and the phrase "nature versus nurture". As an investigator of the human mind, he founded psychometrics (the science of measuring mental faculties) and differential psychology. 

Galton created a method for classifying fingerprints that proved useful in forensic science. As the initiator of scientific meteorology, he devised the first weather map, proposed a theory of anticyclones, and was the first to establish a complete record of short-term climatic phenomena on a European scale. He also invented the Galton Whistle for testing differential hearing ability.


Herbert Spencer

Herbert Spencer (27 April 1820 – 8 December 1903) was an English philosopher, and a prominent liberal political and social theorist of the Victorian era.
Spencer developed an all-embracing conception of evolution. He saw evolution as the progressive development of the physical world, biological organisms, the human mind, and human culture and societies. 

Spencer never married; he remained a bachelor. He contributed to a wide range of subjects, including ethics, religion, politics, philosophy, biology, sociology, and psychology.

Like Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace, he read Malthus' "Essay on the principle of population", and was deeply impressed by its argument. Malthus said that sooner or later population growth gets checked by famine and disease, and there are then many deaths. So, he was prepared for Darwin's idea of natural selection, which he preferred to call "survival of the fittest". He did this in "Principles of Biology" (1864), after reading Charles Darwin's "On the Origin of Species".

Spencer's term does strongly suggest natural selection, yet as he extended evolution into realms of sociology and ethics, Spencer made use of Lamarckism rather than natural selection, so it seems he was not a Darwinian after all. Others took up his social ideas, and drew the conclusion that it was useless to try and help the poor, and that competition without limits was the way society should go. Darwin himself did not accept these ideas, but they were quite widespread in the United States at the end of the nineteenth century.

National sport

A national sport is a sport or game that was invented and firstly played by citizens of the same country or nation. It also means the game or sport has a long history of popularity in the country or nation.
Each country has its own national sport.

Coevolution

Coevolution is where the existence of one species is tightly bound up with the life of one or more other species. Species whose lives connect, evolve together. What happens is that survival rates in each species changes as a result of changes in the other species.

Examples of coevolution are:
Coevolution is extremely common, and may involve more than two species. Mimicry rings, with dozens of species, are known.

New or 'improved' adaptations which occur in one species are often followed by the appearance and spread of related features in the other species.

The study of coevolution dates back to Darwin's "On the Origin of Species". There he discussed how cats increased heather by reducing mice. The point being that mice raid bumblebee nests and bumblebees pollinate red heather. So more cats cause more heather. In the last paragraph of the Origin Darwin remarks:

Hermann Müller was an important worker on co-evolution. His studies on bees and the evolution of flowers were quoted by Darwin in "The Descent of Man". His papers in the journal "Nature" had heading "On the fertilisation of flowers by insects and on the reciprocal adaptations of both". This shows Müller fully understood the concept of coevolution.

The life and death of living things is intimately connected, not just with the physical environment, but with the life of other species. These relationships are dynamic, and may continue for millions of years, as has the relationship between flowering plants and insects (pollination).<br>The gut contents, wing structures, and mouthparts of fossilized beetles and flies suggest that they acted as early pollinators. The association between beetles and angiosperms during the Lower Cretaceous period led to parallel radiations of angiosperms and insects into the late Cretaceous. The evolution of nectaries in Upper Cretaceous flowers signals the beginning of the mutualism between hymenopterans and angiosperms.

Another good example is malaria, in which there are three 'partners': the mosquito, the parasite "Plasmodium", and a land vertebrate, such as a mammal or bird. The actual species of malaria differs according to the vertebrate, so there are actually thousands of different relationships which follow the same pattern.

Adaptive radiation and speciation rates can be high in parasites. Sibling species are very common in the bug "Erythroneura", in which about 150 transfers from one host to another has resulted in about 500 species in the genus.

The clearest evidence comes from the large size of many parasitic families. 

A huge number of species are parasitic. A survey of the feeding habits of British insects showed that about 35% were parasites on plants, and slightly more were parasites on animals. That means that nearly 71% of insects in Britain are parasitic. Since British insects are better known than those elsewhere (because of the length of time they have been studied), this means that by far the majority of insect species throughout the world are parasitic. Another estimate went:

There are several other invertebrate phyla which are wholly or largely parasitic. Flatworms and roundworms are found in virtually every wild species of vertebrate. Protozoan parasites are also ubiquitous. Hence parasitism is almost certainly the most common feeding method on Earth.

Recent publications have given an overview of the 150 years of research into co-evolution after the "Origin of species".
Many species are parasites or are specialised to live in one or a few hosts. A single species of tropical tree is, on average, a host to 162 host-specific beetle species. Since there are 50,000 tropical tree species, and beetles amount to 40% of total insect species, and there are also tree-specific species below the canopy, it is possible to estimate the total number of arthropod species living in tropical forests. The number is 30 million. This contrasts rather strongly with the total of 1.4 to 1.8 million species which have already been described. It seems textbooks have underestimated the number of species in existence by a factor of about 20.

The single factor which most causes this high number of species is phytophagy: the huge number of insect species, each eating one or a few plant species. And what insects do, so do fungi, nematodes, mites and other invertebrates.

The geographic mosaic theory of coevolution was developed by John N Thompson as a framework for envisioning the coevolutionary process in real populations and species. It has been an attempt to incorporate the minimum components of population biology needed for an ecologically and evolutionarily realistic theory of coevolution and evolving interactions in general. It applies to pairs of interacting species, small groups of interacting species, and large webs of interactions. 

Assumptions: Geographic mosaic theory is based on several observations long known to biologists. These observation are taken as assumptions in the development of geographic mosaic theory:

1. Species are often collections of genetically distinct populations

2. Interacting species often differ in their geographic ranges

3. interactions among species differ among environments in their ecological outcomes.
The Hypothesis: From these assumptions, geographic mosaic theory argues that coevolution proceeds by natural selection acting on three sources of variation that affect interactions among species. These three sources of variation can be formally partitioned as genotype by genotype by environment interactions (GxGxE).

1. Geographic selection mosaics: The "structure of natural selection" on interactions differs among environments (e.g., high vs. low temperatures, high vs. low nutrient conditions; a surrounding species web that is species-rich vs. species poor). This variation occurs because genes are expressed in different ways in different environments (GxE interactions) and species affect each other's fitness in different ways in different environments. 

For example,  an interaction may be antagonistic in one environment and mutualistic in another environment; or it may be antagonistic in all environments but selection may favor different traits in different environments).

2. Coevolutionary hotspots: The i"ntensity of reciprocal selection" differs among environments. Interactions are subject to reciprocal selection only within some local communities, called coevolutionary hotspots. These coevolutionary hotspots are embedded in a broader matrix of coevolutionary coldspots, where local natural selection is non-reciprocal or where only one of the participants occurs.

For example, an interaction may be mutualistic or antagonistic in some environments (coevolutionary hotspots) but commensalistic in other environments (coevolutionary coldspots).

3. Trait remixing: The overall genetic structure of coevolving species continually changes through new mutations, genomic alterations, gene flow among populations, differential random genetic drift among populations, and extinction of local populations that differ in the combinations of coevolving traits they harbor. New genetic material on which natural selection can act can result from simple genetic mutations, chromosomal rearrangements, hybridization between populations, or whole genome duplications (polypoloidy). These processes contribute to the shifting geographic mosaic of coevolution by continually altering the spatial distributions of potentially coevolving genes and traits.

The combination of these processes continually changes the distribution of genotypes within any local population and the distribution of genotypes among populations.

NOTE: Some descriptions of geographic mosaic theory collapse this “trait remixing” part of geographic mosaic theory to gene flow. That is an incorrect characterization. The point of trait remixing is that through a combination of genetic, genomic, and ecological processes, the available distribution of coevolving traits on which natural selection can act continues to change over time within and among populations.

In studies of coevolution, a GxGxE interaction can be viewed either in the most formal way at the gene or genotype level (i.e., how selection acts on the same gene or genotype in across contrasting environments), or it can be viewed more generally at the level of how natural selection acts on two or more interacting species across many contrasting environments. 

See books by John N Thompson (1982 Interaction and Coevolution; 1994 The Coevolutionary Process; 2005 The Geographic Mosaic of Coevolution; 2013 Relentless Evolution)

Rongorongo

Rongorongo is a system of writing native to Easter Island. It cannot be read. There are two dozen examples of rongorongo script, mostly carved on tablets made from wood of the portia tree "Thespesia populnea," known as "makoi" in Rapanui (Easter Island) language. The longest inscription in existence is the Santiago Staff, a wooden sceptre 126 centimetres long and 6.5 centimetres wide, bearing 2300 glyphs (Gr. "γλυφη" "carving"). The staff, which once belonged to an Easter Island king, was acquired by the Chilean Navy in 1870 and is now in Santiago's Museum of Natural History.

In 2019, only 25 texts were seen as . These texts and artefacts are distributed over diffent museum in the world, none remains on the Easter Island. The total text corpus is about 14,000 "letters", made of about 600 different glyphs. The writing was probably used for religious puroposes; only very few people used it. The age of the writing is unknown. In the 19th century, Europeans received the first objects with writing on them. Some glyphs show plants that do not exist, or have never existed on Easter Island. One example is the Breadfruit, which has never existed on Eastter Island. The knowledge of the plant must have been passed on from the first settlers, from generation to generation. 

When the Euopeans came ot the island, they paid high prices for tablets containing Rongoro. Today, there are a number of artefacts containing Rongorongo whch are clear forgeries. There are some, where the claim is disputed.



Candle Festival

The Candle Festival (known in Thai as Haetian) is held in Ubon Ratchathani, Isan, Thailand.

At the start of rainy season, it is traditional for the devout to donate to monks items of personal use, such as candles. This part of the festival became the core of the Ubon Ratchathani version of the event. It is now a major event both for residents and for tourists: giant candles are paraded through the town, each representing a local temple, district or other institution. The more elaborate versions are accompanied by scenes of Hindu and Buddhist mythology sculpted in wood or plaster and coated with wax.

Portia tree

The portia tree ("Thespesia populnea") Family Malvaceae, is a small tree or shrub 5-10 (-20) m high that is pantropical in littoral environments, although probably native only to the Old World. In Hawai‘i and elsewhere in the Pacific it is possibly indigenous, although may have been spread by early Polynesians for its useful wood and fiber.

Common names vary according to the country and include "Indian tulip tree", "Pacific rosewood", "seaside mahoe" (in Florida), "surina" (the "elegant tree"), "suriya" (Sinhala), "bebaru" or "baru baru" (Malay), "milo" or "miro" (in many Polynesian languages), "mako‘i" (Rapanui), "gangaraavi" (Telugu), "poovarasu" (Tamil), and "plaksa" (Sanskrit).

Traditionally it was planted in sacred groves and used for religious sculpture throughout eastern Polynesia. It was used for the rongorongo tablets of Easter Island.



The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap

The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap, known in Japan as , is an action adventure video game made by Flagship and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance game console.

PAL region

The PAL region is a PAL region which covers most of Asia, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe.


The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords Adventures

The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords Adventures, known in Japan as , is an action adventure video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console.

The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Ages and Oracle of Seasons

The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Ages and The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Seasons are action adventure video games made by Capcom and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color game console.

The Triforce sends Link to the land of Holodrum, where he stumbles upon a traveling group of performers. After resting with them a bit, he finds out that the mysterious dancer from the troupe is actually the Oracle of Seasons, Din. An evil general named Onox comes and captures her in order to gain power. By doing so he also puts all the seasons into chaos and evil spreads throughout the land. Link must find all the essences of nature to defeat the evil general to save Din.

The Triforce sends Link to the land of Labrynna, where he finds a woman named Impa. They go to see a singer named Nayru. Nayru is the Oracle of Ages. Impa is revealed to have been possessed by Veran, Sorceress of Shadows, who leaves Impa and goes to possess Nayru, causing the time to fall into chaos. Link must find the Essences of Time in order to save Nayru from Veran.

The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask

It was also included in .

After "", Link is led to Termina by the possessed Skull Kid and is turned into a Deku, a small, wooden creature. He meets the Happy Mask Salesman, a very moody man. He offers to fix Link if he gets the mask Skull Kid got with a time of three days. However, three days passed, and the Skull Kid, possessed with Majora's Mask (what the Happy Mask Salesman needed) brings the moon down to destroy Termina. Link stops him, gets his ocarina back, and returns back three days ago. He returns to the Salesman who believes Link has the mask. He reheals him before he sees Link never got the mask. Link now has to stop the moon that will destroy everything, which is being done by Majora's Mask, the mask held by Skull Kid. To stop it, he needs to summon the Four Giants. He fights the possessed spirits, and the Giants hold the moon. However, Majora's Mask leaves Skull Kid and goes to the Moon, After helping people, Link finally goes to the moon. It is actually a plain with a tree. Under the tree, a kid agrees to play with him as the final battle takes hold. Link finally defeats the evil in Majora's Mask and it is now a lifeless mask. He returns it to the Salesman. After this, Link leaves Termina as the game ends.

The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening

The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening, known in Japan as , is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console. It was remade for the Game Boy Color with full color graphics and new features.

Unlinke most The Legend of Zelda games, "Link's Awakening"'s history is outside of the Hyrule kingdom. No location or character of the other games appear, aside the presence of the main hero Link and a mention to the princess Zelda. The game takes place in a completely new region, the Koholint island.

After the events of , the hero Link travels by boat to other countries to become stronger. When he is going back to Hyrule, a storm destroys his boat, and Link loses consciousness. Marin, a girl living on Koholint, takes him to her house. When Link wakes up, he meets Marin and her father, Tarin. Marin is fascinated by Link and by the world outside Koholint, and she tells Link that if she were a seagull, she would travel beyond her island.

Links goes out to find his sword and when he finds it, an owl tells him that if he wants to go back home, he must wake up the Wind Fish, the guardian of the island that sleeps in an egg at the top of the island. For this he needs the eight Instruments of the Sirens. Link explores dungeons to find these instruments. When he searches the seventh instrument, at the Ancient Ruins, he finds a texts that tells the reality about the Koholint isle: it is a dream world that only exists in the dream of the Wind Fish.

After finding all eight instruments, Link goes to the top of the island: mount Tamaranch. There he plays the 'Ballad of the Windfish' with the instruments. This breaks the egg; Link then goes into the egg. Here, he fights against the last monster. When he wins the battle, the owl reveals that he is a part of the Wind Fish's spirit, and the Wind Fish confirms that this world was only a dream.

Link plays the ballad of the Wind Fish a second time, and the Wind Fish finally wakes up; Koholint and its inhabitants disappear, everything of this dream disappears. Link wakes up in the ocean, on a piece of wood (his boat was destroyed). The Wind Fish flies above him. After the credits, if the player did not lose any life during the game, we see a seagull flying away and Marin's face appears (she, the seagull, finally is outside of her island).

The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past

The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, known in Japan as is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo game console. It's the third game of "The Legend of Zelda series", though it is a prequel to "The Legend of Zelda" and "". It's about a young boy named Link who has to save Princess Zelda and six other maidens from Ganon using the Master Sword to save them. It got great reviews and it's one of the best-selling Super Nintendo games of all time.

"A Link to the Past" is in Hyrule, the main area of "The Legend of Zelda" series. The Light World has many areas from other "The Legend of Zelda" games, like Hyrule Castle, Death Mountain, the Lost Woods, Lake Hylia, and Kakariko Village. Most of Hyrule is grass-land, with deserts, forests, and villages. The Dark World, a dark version of Hyrule, has very little grass-land and has a large pyramid in the middle. When people enter the Dark World, they get turned into what's in their hearts (for example, Link turns into a pink bunny).


The story starts with Link in bed when a voice calls out to him. The voice is Princess Zelda's, and she asks for help escaping from Hyrule Castle before the evil wizard Agahnim can seal her away like the other maidens before her. Link's Uncle hears it too, and goes to save her. When Link follows him into the sewer, he finds his Uncle half-alive, and his Uncle gives Link his sword and shield before he dies. Link breaks Zelda out of her cell and takes her through a secret path to a sanctuary where she stays and hides. Link is told by an old man called Sahasrahla that he has to find the pendants of power, wisdom, and courage in three dungeons so he can break the seal on the ancient weapon, the Master Sword. Link finds the pendants in the Eastern Palace, the Desert Palace, and the Tower of Hera, and brings them to the Lost Woods, where he pulls the Master Sword out of its pedestal. Zelda gets kidnapped before he can get to her, and Link fights Agahnim. He and Agahnim go to the Dark World, and Link appears on top of a large pyramid. He has to find the seven crystals that have seven maidens in them, including Zelda, so he can get to Ganon's Tower. After he gets them all, he goes to the top of the tower and battles Agahnim again. He kills him, and Ganon in a bat form flies out of the corpse and into the Pyramid of Power. Link battles Ganon using the Master Sword and Silver Arrows, and eventually kills him. He finds the Triforce that Ganon used to corrupt the Golden Land, and uses it to wish everything back to normal, and Link puts the Master Sword back in the pedestal.

"A Link to the Past" plays like "The Legend of Zelda" for the NES with a bird's eye view view instead of ""<nowiki>'</nowiki>s sidescrolling view, and stars a boy named Link. He has a sword and shield, and many other items from older games including a bow, a boomerang, and bombs. He always has a sword and shield out when he has them, and can have one other item equipped. Link uses them to explore Hyrule, battle enemies, and solve puzzles. It adds onto the gameplay of "The Legend of Zelda", with better controls and new items, like the hookshot and Pegasus Boots which have appeared in many "The Legend of Zelda" games after it. It also adds a feature used in many games after it, which is going back and forth between two worlds. This was first used again after "A Link to the Past" in "", where Link travels back and forth in time. Link also has a magic meter like in "Zelda II", which he needs to use items like the Lantern and Ice Rod. Throughout Hyrule, there are many items to find and Heart Pieces too that add to Link's health.

Link has to go around Hyrule and battle enemies, find items, and find the dungeons that he has to go to. There are many kinds of items, some of them being too strong for a sword. There are a lot of puzzles that require Link to use his many items to complete in the dungeons. In every dungeon, there is almost always these items - a Compass, a Dungeon Map, several Keys, a Big Key, a special dungeon item usually used to beat the dungeon, and a magical item after the boss. The boss at the end of the dungeon is always different, and are much more powerful than regular enemies in the game.

Kōji Kondō, a famous Nintendo musician, was in charge of the soundtrack for this game. Several songs in this game were remixed in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", including the Dark Woods theme.

"The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past" is considered to be one of the best Super Nintendo game ever made and one of the best video games ever made too. It was praised for how good the controls were, and how entertaining it was to explore the world and dungeons.

This game has been re-released several times, including a Satellaview remake, Game Boy Advance remake, and a port to the Wii's Virtual Console.

"A Link to the Past" was remade for the Satellaview, a Super Nintendo Entertainment System add-on, and was called "BS The Legend of Zelda: Kodai no Sekiban". It has a different plot and a slightly changed world. It had voice acting, and it lasted for four weeks. Each week, you have to do something, and when the next week comes, there's a new quest to do.

"A Link to the Past" was re-released on the Game Boy Advance as "The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past & The Four Swords". It came with a modified port of "A Link to the Past" along with the multiplayer-only game "Four Swords". The port added a new dungeon to the game called "The Palace of the Four Sword". "Four Swords"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s graphical style is similar to "."

On September 28, 2011, an updated version of "Four Swords" called "The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords Anniversary Edition" was released. It is available on Nintendo's DSiWare service. It includes a single player mode and more areas.

Zelda II: The Adventure of Link

Zelda II: The Adventure of Link is an adventure-role-playing video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. 

It was also released in .

The main hero of the series, Link, finds out that Princess Zelda has gone under a deep sleep after a fight with a wizard. While trying to find crystals to awaken Zelda, Link also fights off followers of Ganon, who are trying to bring him back to life.

The gameplay of "The Adventure of Link" is very different from the rest of the series. It is a role-playing game where the player gains experience and levels up stats. The map is also different; the overworld is a birds-eye view, while smaller maps are side scrolling where the player moves only left and right.

Shigeru Miyamoto wanted to have a very different game than the first game, The Legend of Zelda. While Miyamoto was still the producer of the game, it was developed by new people than before. Instead of keeping a view from above, "Zelda II" has a side-view of the game when fighting enemies or exploring dungeons. The game was originally developed for the Famicom, but was released on worldwide systems after.

Tautology (rhetoric)

In rhetoric, a tautology is the repetition of a statement, for example, "With malice toward none, with charity for all". 

Unlike a tautology in logic, it is not automatically true. 


Tautology (logic)

In propositional logic, a tautology (from the Greek word ταυτολογία) is a propositional formula that is always true, and is sometimes denoted by the symbol formula_1 (a symbol also reserved for the truth value 'true'). In other words, a tautology cannot be wrong. For example, formulae in maths are tautological, because they always hold true for any values. The philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein first applied the term to propositional logic in 1921.

A statement in logic is considered contingent if it is neither a tautology nor false.

Some examples of tautologies in natural language include: 
These tautologies are sentences of the following form:
Indeed, if A is not true, then A is not true, so the tautology is still true.


Longhorn beetle

The longhorn beetles or long-horned beetles (Cerambycidae) are a family of beetles that have long antennae. The antennae may be longer than the beetles' body. Over 35,000 species have been described.

The length of the antennae is an obvious feature of their body. Their long antennae sprout from tubercles on the face. Cerambycids with short antennae still have the tubercles. Otherwise they vary greatly in size, shape, sculpture, and colour.
Many of the species are mimics of Hymenoptera (ants, bees, and wasps). The rest are cryptically colored. The titan beetle ("Titanus giganteus") from northeastern South America is often considered the largest insect (though not the heaviest, and not the longest including legs). Its maximum body length is just over .


Macroevolution

Macroevolution refers to large-scale evolution. For some, this means the origin of species. For others, it means the large-scale changes seen in the fossil record. 

It is a term of convenience: for most biologists it does "not" suggest any change in the process of evolution. For a few palaeontologists, some things they see in the fossil record cannot be explained just by the gradualist evolutionary synthesis. They are in the minority. There are some interesting discussions by other palaeontologists.

Some biologists use the term for evolution in already separated gene pools. For them, macroevolutionary studies focus on change that occurs at or above the level of species. Again, this is a minority position. Most biologist would not call evolution at the species level "macroevolution".

Microevolution, on the other hand, refers to smaller evolutionary changes "within" species or populations. During microevolution changes in allele frequencies definitely do occur. Some biologists, Richard Dawkins in particular, have suggested that the gene is the object of selection. This was always challenged by Ernst Mayr "The individual is the entity which survives or not, which reproduces or not, and which reproduces successfully or not". Changes in gene frequency in populations is a by-product of what happens to individuals.

Paleontology, evolutionary developmental biology, and sequence analysis contribute much evidence for the patterns and processes that can be classified as macroevolution. An example of macroevolution is the appearance of feathers during the evolution of birds from one group of dinosaurs.

Within the modern evolutionary synthesis school of thought, macroevolution is thought of as the compounded effects of microevolution. Thus, the distinction between micro- and macroevolution is not a fundamental one – the only difference between them is of time and scale.

Some creationists have also adopted the term 'macroevolution' to describe the form of evolution they reject. They may accept that evolutionary change is possible within species (microevolution), but deny that one species can evolve into another (macroevolution). These arguments are rejected by biologists, who hold that there is ample evidence that macroevolution has occurred in the past.

Some examples of subjects whose study falls within the realm of macroevolution:


Russian entomologist Yuri Filipchenko (or Philipchenko, depending on the transliteration) first coined the terms 'macroevolution' and 'microevolution' in 1927 in his German language work, "Variabilität und Variatio".

Since then, their meanings have been revised several times and fallen into disfavour with many, who prefer to speak of biological evolution as one process.

Evolution as a whole is strongly supported by many kinds of evidence.

The issue for biologists is whether there is any sense in having the special term "macroevolution". The answer is yes for a few biologists who proposed one or more evolutionary mechanisms which worked above the species level. The ideas of punctuated equilibrium and species selection were suggested, but in each case most biologists felt they could be explained by the usual small-scale changes. This explains why 'macroevolution' is perhaps a term biologists do not need to use.

When discussing the topic, creationists use "strategically elastic" definitions of micro- and macroevolution. Macroevolution, by their definition, cannot be attained. Any observed evolutionary change is described by them as being "just microevolution".

The debate between biologists continues, with some biologists stating that there is significant evidence that other factors have acted during macroevolution, and others maintaining that macroevolution can still be fully explained by the mechanisms of microevolution.


Gene pool

A gene pool is the set of all possible variations (alleles) of all genes of a population. It is a concept in population genetics.

For example, plants have genes that say what colour their flowers will be. The gene pool of peas has an allele for red flowers and another one for white flowers.

Transcription (genetics)

Transcription is when RNA is made from DNA. The DNA sequence is copied by a special enzyme called RNA polymerase to make a matching RNA strand.

The matching RNA strand is a 'pre-messenger RNA'. Next, the non-coding introns are stripped out by a spliceosome. The remaining exons are put together to make a messenger RNA.

The product is called messenger RNA (mRNA) because it carries a genetic message from the DNA to the protein-making machinery of the cell. Transcription is the first step that leads to the expression of the genes.

The stretch of DNA that is transcribed into an RNA molecule is called a "transcription unit". This contains:
As in DNA replication, only one of the two DNA strands is transcribed. This strand is called the "template strand", because it provides the template for ordering the sequence of nucleotides in an RNA transcript. The other strand is called the "coding strand". Its sequence is the same as the newly created RNA transcript (except for thymine being substituted for uracil).

The DNA template strand is read 3' → 5' direction by RNA polymerase and the new RNA strand is synthesized in the 5'→ 3' direction. RNA polymerase binds to the 3' end of a gene (promoter) on the DNA template strand and travels toward the 5' end.

Roger D. Kornberg won the 2006 Nobel Prize in Chemistry "for his studies of the molecular basis of eukaryotic transcription".


William Hovell

William Hilton Hovell (April 26 1786 — November 9 1875) was an English explorer of Australia. Together with Hamilton Hume he explored much of Victoria.

William Hovell was born at Yarmouth, Norfolk, England. He joined the Royal Navy and became a captain. In October 1813, he moved to New South Wales with his wife Esther Arndell. He got work as a ship captain and made several trading trips along the coast and to New Zealand. In 1816 he was shipwrecked in Bass Strait. In 1819 he lived near Sydney and did some exploring to the south. He reached the Burragorang Valley in 1823.

In 1824, Governor Sir Thomas Brisbane asked Hovell to go with Hamilton Hume to explore the south part of New South Wales and Victoria. He wanted to know more about any rivers that might run south. Hovell was not an explorer but he knew how to navigate (find out where he was). There were problems deciding who was going to pay for the expedition. The two explorers bought most of the equipment. The government provided saddles, clothes, blankets and guns. Hume and Hovell left Sydney on October 3 1824, with six men, five bullocks, three horses and two carts. The Murrumbidgee River was in flood so they had to make one of the carts into a kind of boat to get across. The men, horses, and bullocks swam over. A day or two later, in rough hilly country, they had great difficulty in finding a path for the carts. On October 27 they decided to leave them behind. They came to a large river on November 16, which Hovell called "Hume's River" "he being the first that saw it". This was the Murray River renamed by Charles Sturt a few years later. It was impossible to cross here (near the site of Albury), but after a few days they found a better place. They built the rough frame of a boat and managed to get across. By December 3, they had reached the Goulburn River. During the next ten days it was hard traveling through rough country, but they did get to more level and open land. 
On December 16, they saw Port Phillip Bay. They went along its shores in south-westerly direction. They came to what is now Corio Bay near Geelong. Hovell made a mistake of one degree in working out the longitude. The explorers thought that they were on Western Port Bay. The party went back on December 18, and went more to the west. This was an easier journey. By January 8 1825, they came to the end of their food. For a few days they lived on fish and a kangaroo they were able to shoot. On January 16 they reached the carts they had left behind them, and 2 days later came to Lake George.

On March 25, Governor Brisbane wrote about the discoveries of Hovell and Hume in a letter to England. He said that he was going to send a ship to Western Port to have it explored. His successor, Governor Ralph Darling, towards the end of 1826, sent an expedition led by Captain Wright to Western Port. Hovell went with this expedition, and his mistake in longitude was soon discovered. Hovell explored the land around Western Port and to the north. Near the coast at Cape Paterson he discovered "great quantities of very fine coal". This was the first discovery of coal in Victoria. Hovell was away 5 months on this expedition. He tried during the next 10 years to obtain some special reward from the government. He had already got 1,200 acres (5 km2) for the trip with Hume, and 1,280 acres (5 km2) for the trip to Western Port. He did not think this was enough.

He spent the rest of his life at his farm at Goulburn, New South Wales. He married Sophia Wilkinson in 1848. In December 1853, Hovell was special guest at a public dinner in Geelong, Victoria. His speech was reported in some of the newspapers. Hume thought that Hovell tried to claim all the credit for their joint expedition. This led to a long and bitter public fight between the two men. A full report of the speech shows that Hume was wrong. Hume was an experienced leader in the bush. Hovell was well-educated with a friendly character. During their expedition they worked well together. They were responsible for an important piece of exploration. Hovell's discovery of coal during his visit to Western Port was also important. Hovell died in Sydney on November 9 1875, and was buried at Goulburn. In 1877 his widow left £6000 to the University of Sydney as a memorial of him, which was used to start the William Hilton Hovell lectureship on geology and physical geography.

In 1922 a group was started in Melbourne to celebrate the centenary (100 years) of the expedition. Along the path of the expedition 37 memorials were built in Victoria. A dam was built on the King River near Cheshunt, Victoria in 1973. This formed Lake William Hovell. It supplies water for crops, vineyards and farms along the King River from Cheshunt to Wangaratta. A River Redgum tree Eucalyptus camaldulensis at Albury still has the mark Hovell made in 1824. He carved the words "Hovell NovR17/24" into the tree. The tree has been cloned so its genes can be kept for the future. An iron treasure chest, made in Germany in about 1660, and owned by Hovell is now in the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney. The Hume and Hovell Walking Track has been made, following the explorers path from Yass to Albury.


Star Wars prequel trilogy

The Star Wars prequel trilogy is a series of movies released between May 1999 and May 2005. All three movies were written and directed by George Lucas. The three movies are: (1999), (2002) and (2005)

Lucasfilm started production on The Phantom Menace after George Lucas got interested in reviving the Star Wars franchise.

While all three movies are financially successful, the first two movies had mixed reviews, with the final movie having positive reviews. Critics didn't like the dialogue and some of the characters, including Jar Jar Binks. Many fans also thought that the previous three movies were better.

The trilogy has been popular with millennials who grew up with the movies. Because of this, the subreddit called Prequel Memes gained popularity. In more recent years, the movies have been more positively reviewed.

Abbasid Caliphate

The Abbasid Caliphate was the third of the four greatest Islamic caliphates of the Arab Empire. It overthrew the Umayyad caliphs from all but Al-Andalus. It was built by the descendant of Muhammad's youngest uncle, Abbas ibn Abd al-Muttalib. It was created in Harran in 750 of the Christian era and shifted its capital in AD 762 from Harran to Baghdad. It flourished for two centuries, surviving the Zanj Rebellion (869-883). Abbasid rule was ended in 1258, when Hulagu Khan, the Mongol conqueror, sacked Baghdad. But they continued to claim authority in religious matters from their base in Egypt.

During the period of the Abassid dynasty, Abassid claims to the caliphate did not go unchallenged. The Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah of the Fatimid dynasty, which claimed descendency of Muhammad through his daughter, claimed the title of Caliph in 909 and created a separate line of caliphs in North Africa. Initially it covered only Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya, but then the Fatimid caliphs extended their rule for the next 150 years, taking Egypt and Palestine and even ancient Pakistan, before the Abbassid dynasty was able to turn the tide, limiting Fatimid rule to Egypt. The Fatimid dynasty finally ended in 1171. The Umayyad dynasty, which had survived and come to rule over the Muslim provinces of Spain, reclaimed the title of Caliph in 929, lasting until it was overthrown in 1031.

The tenth caliph, Al-Mutawakkil, is the person who oversaw the introduction of hadiths.



Seattle Mariners

The Seattle Mariners are an American Major League Baseball team based in Seattle, Washington. The Mariners are part of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League. Since July 1999, their home stadium has been T-Mobile Park (originally Safeco Field). Until they moved in June 1999, the club's home park was the Kingdome.

Seattle had minor league baseball teams from the early 1900s to the late 1960s, with nicknames such as the "Indians" and the "Rainiers".

The first major league baseball franchise in Seattle was the Seattle Pilots, formed in 1969. The Pilots moved to Milwaukee the next year and became the Milwaukee Brewers. As a result, the city of Seattle, King County, and the state of Washington sued the American League for $32 million dollars in damages. In exchange for dropping the law suit, the American League gave Seattle a Major League Baseball team in 1977.

Seattle is a large and important seaport, a fact which led to the major league teams being called the "Pilots" and the "Mariners".

The Mariner's first winning season was in 1991, and the first time they made the playoffs was in 1995. The Mariners are owned by Nintendo of America, and the general manager of the team is Jack Zduriencik.


Guanajuato (state)

Guanajuato is a state in central Mexico. About 4,890,000 people live there. Its capital is also called Guanajuato. The largest city is León.

Yucatán (state)

Yucatán is a state in the east of Mexico. About 1,820,000 people live in Yucatán. Its capital is called Mérida. 

The state is on the Yucatán Peninsula. It has the state of Campeche to the southwest, and Quintana Roo to the southeast. The Gulf of Mexico is off its north coast.

The state was a very important region for the Mayan civilization. There are still some villages there with Mayan-descent people who speak the old language. There are also archaeological sites where Mayan remains are investigated.

Caravaggio

Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio (28 September 1571 – 18 July 1610) was an Italian artist. He worked in Rome, Naples, Malta and Sicily between 1593 and 1610. He was a painter who did a type of art called Baroque style. He was the first person to be really good at painting this way.

Even while he was alive, many people talked about Caravaggio. Some people liked to see what he did, and how he lived, and thought he was a good person. Other people thought he was very strange. Some people thought he was bad. He did not want to fit in, sometimes. He started being a famous painter in Rome in 1600. Many people gave him money to paint pictures for them, but he used all his money and sometimes got into trouble. In 1604 someone wrote a note about him, and said that he was rude and a bad person. This note tells us how he lived, in 1601:
In 1606 he killed a young man in a fight and ran away from Rome. He ran away because Rome said it would give money to people to catch him. In Malta in 1608 he got into a fight again. He got into another fight in Naples in 1609, but this fight could have been enemies (people who hated him) trying to kill him. In 1610, after making paintings for more than ten years, he died.

Huge new churches and palazzi were being built in Rome. These big churches needed paintings to hang on the walls. The Counter-Reformation Catholic Church wanted to find painters who would paint beautiful art about God. They wanted people to like the art so much that they would think Protestantism was ugly and boring, and wouldn't want to start being part of a Protestant church. So the Catholic Church needed a new type of art, because Mannerism had been the most famous type of art for 100 years, and now it was boring. Caravaggio's paintings were new, and different from Mannerism. He painted in a way called naturalism, which means that he painted things how they actually looked. He painted pictures of people so that the people looked real, and he made his pictures look exciting by painting a lot of very dark shadows and very bright lights (which is called chiaroscuro). 

While he was alive he was very famous, and many artists wanted to paint like he did. But after he died, most people forgot about him, and didn't care about his paintings. Hundreds of years later, in the 1900s, people looked at his art again, and saw that he had been very important. They saw that many other famous artists had tried to paint like he did. Because so many artists had seen his paintings, and liked how he painted, and tried to paint like he did, he made many artists paint in the Baroque style, too. The Baroque style was very famous for hundreds of years. 

Andre Berne-Joffroy, Paul Valéry’s secretary, said that: "What begins in the work of Caravaggio is, quite simply, modern painting."


Gothic Revival architecture

Gothic Revival architecture is architecture that has been made to look as if it is from medieval times, but is really much later. This architectural style began in the late 1740s in England. Its momentum grew in the early 19th century. Serious and learned admirers of neo-Gothic styles sought to revive medieval Gothic architecture.

The Gothic style of architecture was built in Europe between about 1140 and about 1550. Beginning in late 18th century Europe, through the 19th century and into the early 20th century in Europe and elsewhere there was a fashion to build in the Gothic style. In this period architects and their patrons had various different styles to choose from. There were also revivals of Classical and Renaissance styles. Since medieval Gothic buildings vary so much, some architects often copied selectively from medieval buildings and some adapted the style to the needs of their own period. The "Gothic Revival" style was most commonly used for churches, cathedrals, universities, town halls and sometimes houses. 

Gothic Revival buildings have features that are like real Gothic buildings. They often have: 


Lúcio

Lucimar da Silva Ferreira, called Lúcio (born 8 May 1978) is a Brazilian former football player. He played 105 times for the Brazilian national team.

Bayer Leverkusen

Bayern Munich

Inter Milan

Juventus

Brazil

Individual

Fluxbuntu

Fluxbuntu was a Linux distribution made for computers that have less powerful hardware. It is based or made from Ubuntu and uses Fluxbox for its Window Manager.



Saint Dominic

Saint Dominic (; 1170 – 6 August 1221) was the founder of a Catholic order, the Friars Preachers, often called the Dominicans or the Order of Preachers (OP). Dominic is the patron saint of astronomers and the Dominican Republic. He was born in Caleruega, half-way between Osma and Aranda in Old Castile, Spain. He is sometimes called Dominic of Osma or Dominic de Guzmán. He is the founder of the worldwide famous Dominican Order. 

John Wayne Gacy

John Wayne Gacy, Jr. (March 17, 1942 – May 10, 1994 pronounced Gay-see), also known as The Killer Clown and Pogo the Clown, was an American serial killer and rapist. He is confirmed to have killed 33 young men and teenage boys. He killed them in a brutal way and buried their bodies in or near his Chicago home. Gacy did not use a gun for any of his crimes. 

Gacy became known as "Pogo the Clown" and the "Killer Clown" because he would dress as a clown for fundraising events and parades. In March 1980, Gacy was convicted of 33 murders, as well as sex crimes, committed between 1972 and 1978, and given the death penalty. He was executed by lethal injection on May 10, 1994. Gacy's execution was filmed; his last words were, "kiss my ass". There were problems with the execution, but it eventually ended in Gacy's death. Immediately prior to his execution, Gacy observed the Last Rites with a Catholic priest; he had converted to the Catholic Church.

John Wayne Gacy, Jr. was born on March 17, 1942, in Chicago, Illinois, to father John Stanley Gacy and mother Marion Elaine Gacy. Gacy's father was a World War I veteran and a machinist, while his mother worked at home. He had two sisters, one younger and one older.

Gacy's father was an alcoholic. Growing up, John Gacy, Sr. would verbally and physically abuse his children. Gacy also had health problems in his youth. For example, in 1953, while playing on a swing set, Gacy hit his head off a swing and suffered a blood clot. The clot was not treated until he was 16.

After dropping out of high school in his senior year, Gacy moved to Las Vegas, Nevada, to work in a mortuary. Three months later, Gacy returned to Chicago, where he enrolled in and graduated from Northwestern Business College. After graduating, Gacy worked as a shoe salesman for the Nunn-Bush Shoe Company. In 1964, Gacy was transferred to Springfield, Illinois, where he met Marlynn Myers. The couple married in September 1964.

In Springfield, Gacy was involved in community organizations such as the United States Junior Chamber. He became the vice-president of the Springfield chapter by 1965.

After Marlynn's father made him an offer to manage three KFC restaurants, Gacy and his wife moved to Waterloo, Iowa, where they had a son and daughter.

In 1968, Gacy was diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder.

As of August 2017 five victims remain unidentified, five of whom had been buried beneath Gacy's crawl space, with one additional youth buried approximately from the barbecue pit in his backyard. Experts used the skulls of the unidentified victims to create facial reconstructions. Based upon Gacy's confession, information relative to where the victims were buried in his crawl space relative to Gacy's identified victims, and forensic analysis, police were able to determine the most likely dates when his unidentified victims were killed.


On 10 May 1994, Gacy was executed by lethal injection. He was 52 years old.

In October 2011, Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart announced that investigators, having obtained full DNA profiles from each of the unidentified victims, were to renew their efforts to identify all of them. At a press conference held to announce this intention, Sheriff Dart stated investigators are actively seeking DNA samples from individuals across the United States related to any male missing between 1970 and 1979. Test results thus far conducted have confirmed the identification of three victims, ruled out the possibility of numerous other missing youths as being victims of Gacy, and solved four unrelated cold cases dating between 1972 and 1979.





Bridget Fonda

Bridget Jane Fonda (born January 27, 1964) is a retired American actress. She has been nominated for both an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award. Fonda is the daughter of Peter Fonda, the granddaughter of Henry and the niece of Jane Fonda. She is of Dutch, English, French-Canadian, German, Irish, Italian, Norwegian and Scottish descent.

Fonda is known for her roles in such movies as "The Godfather Part III", "Single White Female", "Singles", "Doc Hollywood", "Lake Placid" and "Jackie Brown". She voiced Jenna in the 1995 animated movie "Balto".



Aikido

Aikido is based on Ueshiba's philosophy, martial arts training and religious beliefs. The word "aikido" is often translated as "the way of unifying (with) life energy" or as "the way of harmonious spirit." Ueshiba wanted to create an art where people could defend themselves without harming their attacker by using the attackers "ki" against them. He wanted each practitioner of aikido to develop both physically and spiritually.

Aikido is performed by blending with the way the attacker moves, using the force of the attack rather than coming against it. This is achieved by using the attackers "ki" against them. This takes very little physical strength, as the "aikidōka" (person who does aikido) uses the force of the attacker's own momentum using stepping and turning movements. The techniques are completed with many different throws or joint locks which can be combined with different defenses. Aikido is one of many grappling arts.

Aikido is based on the martial art of Daitō-ryū Aiki-jūjutsu, but began to separate from it in the late 1920s, partly due to Ueshiba's involvement with the Ōmoto-kyō religion. Ueshiba's early students' records use the name "aiki-jūjutsu". Many of Ueshiba's senior students have different approaches to aikido, depending on when they studied with him. Today aikido is found all over the world in a number of styles, with different groups placing importance on different things. However, they all share techniques learned from Ueshiba and most have concern for the safety of the attacker.



Blog

A blog, also known as weblog, is a type of website that is like a diary or journal. Blog organizes content in the form of categories and posts. Posts on a blog are presented in reverse chronological order. That means your latest post goes to the top of the page. That way, when you make a new post, it will come first and the first post will go below it. Anyone can create a blog and then write on that blog. Bloggers (a word for people who write on blogs) often write about their opinions and thoughts. A blog containing video material is called a video blog or video log, usually shortened to vlog.

When a person writes on a blog, what they write is in the form of a "post", which is a single piece of writing on the blog. Posts often include links to other websites.

Blogs can have one or more writers. If they have more than one writer, they are often called community blogs, team blogs, or group blogs because the thoughts are made by more than one person.

Websites and blogging applications that can be used to create a blog are called blogging platforms.

WordPress, Blogspot, Tumblr, Wix, Weebly, Joomla, Typepad, Ghost, Squarespace, etc. are the most popular and unique blogging platforms today. Everyone is competing with each other for different services. Although everyone's main purpose is to attract bloggers, their different interfaces and facilities are unique.


On many blogs, the person reading the posts can leave comments, which are notes in which a person says what they think about the blog post. This makes blogs good for discussion — if someone writes something that someone else does not believe to be true, someone else can fix it by writing a comment on that blog or on their own blog. Someone else cannot change what the post says, but the writer of the post can. Not all blog posts need to be talked about or fixed. But if there are a lot of people interested in a topic, they can start a discussion on the original blog, on their own blogs, or both. These people can discuss a topic or their point of view.

Very often, a community blog or group blog will shrink into a small group of bloggers (writers) who know and trust each other, called a "creative network". That kind of community blog will also have a larger group of people, a "social network", who only read (and maybe comment on) the blog. Some blogs have scoring (ranking) of posts that makes these networks more solid, so that postings that people like the most are shown first or in a way that is easier to find. 

Often people have their own blog and make an RSS feed to it. When blogs have RSS feeds, other programs, called "content aggregators", can put postings from all the blogs that a person likes in one place. Many people find it easier to read all the new posts from blogs they like in one place, through RSS, instead of going to each site one at a time.

Some experts think that community blogs, and some groups of individual (one-person) blogs that talk about similar topics, have a power structure like that inside a political party. These experts think that a clique (a small, exclusive group of people) will control discussions by choosing when someone has "won" an argument, and when a matter is decided. But an advantage of blogs is that even people outside that clique can comment on the original discussion.

Carbon nanotube

A carbon nanotube is an allotrope of carbon that is shaped like a tube of carbon atoms. Carbon nanotubes are very tough and hard to break, but still relatively light. Some are very long. Because of their high strength, carbon nanotubes may one day be used for bulletproof armour and other uses needing hard, lightweight materials. A few carbon nanotubes also let electricity through them. Some may be up to 1,000 times better at conducting electricity than metals like copper and silver. 


Witch doctor

A witch doctor often refers to a healer in undeveloped regions who use traditional and sometimes out of date methods rather than modern medicine or science.

The term witch doctor is generally used with negative terms. It is often used to imply that the healer has little or no experience or ability in medicine.

The Oxford English Dictionary says that the first recorded use of this term is in 1718, in a book by Francis Hutchinson.

The witch doctors in Africa are known as sangomas in Southern Africa. The Oxford English Dictionary states that the first use of the term "witch doctor" to refer to African shamans (i.e. medicine men) was in 1836 in a book by Robert Montgomery Martin (1803?-1868).

The role is only partly a practical one. It is also a spiritual one. The so-called witch doctor is often the guardian of the tribe's belief system and rituals. Key ceremonies must be properly held or else the life of the community may fall apart, as has happened in many places. Aggressive action by outsiders to the local belief system may lead to the 'genocide of indigenous peoples'. 


Klingon

Klingons (; Pronunciation: /ˈt͡ɬɪŋɑn/) are a warrior race in the fictional "Star Trek" universe. They were in the show "Star Trek: The Original Series" (TOS) many times and were in all five spin-off series afterwards, eventually becoming friends of the United Federation of Planets. 

Made by writer Gene Coon, Klingons were introduced in the episode "Errand of Mercy" (1967). They were named for Lieutenant Wilbur Clingan, who served with "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry in the Los Angeles Police Department. 

In the first series, the conflict between the Federation and Klingon was supposed to be referring to the then-current Cold War unfriendliness between the United States and the Soviet Union. "" continued to have the Klingon as a group similar to the army but they made the Klingon fighter follow rules similar to bushido, military Japanese rules for behavior valuing honor above life.

Right-handedness

Someone who is right-handed will use their right-hand for everyday activities, such as writing, keeping personal hygiene, cooking and more. According to a studies, anywhere from 70% to 90% of the world population is right-handed, while most of the remaining are left-handed. A small percentage of the population can use both hands equally well; a person with this ability is called a ambidextrous.


Nurgle

In the fictional universes of Warhammer 40,000 and Warhammer Fantasy, Nurgle is one of the four major Chaos gods. Like his brother gods, Nurgle grew from a single survivalist emotion: in his case, the emotion was despair. Nurgle is the Chaos god of disease, decay, despair and destruction. Even though the nature of his influence, he begins to like his victims, caring for them in a jovial manner close to a loving grandfather; so he is commonly called "Grandfather Nurgle" or "Papa Nurgle". He is also called the "Lord of Decay", "Master of Plague and Pestilence" and "Lord of All". He is shown as a huge, bloated humanoid, with boils and sores, his body completely rotten from disease. He is usually with an enveloping cloud of buzzing flies.


Zaurus

The Sharp Zaurus is the name of a series of Personal Digital Assistant (PDA) made by Sharp Corporation.

Palatine, Illinois

Palatine is a village in the state of Illinois. It is north west of Chicago, the biggest city in Illinois. There were 67,908 people in Palatine in 2020.

Palatine was made in 1866, close to a train station that went to Chicago and other cities. The village has been growing a lot since the 1970s, like the other cities around Chicago.

Palatine has many different kinds of people. There are poor, normal, and rich people in the village. Some say there are over 100 languages spoken in Palatine.

In 2000, the number of people in Palatine was counted and was 65,479. There were 68,557 people in Palatine in 2010. There were 67,908 people in Palatine in 2020.

Palatine has a lot of schools for the people. Palatine has two high schools, Palatine High School and William Fremd High School; and a college, William Rainey Harper College. The high schools, as well as the library, have gotten big awards from the whole country.

There are nine public elementary schools:


There is also a combined kindergarten-through-eighth grade school, Winston Campus, which is Winston Churchill School and Winston Park Junior High combined.

Palatine also has three preschool-through-eighth grade schools:


Mankind

Mankind may mean:






Province of Monza and Brianza

The Province of Monza and Brianza (in the local idiom: "Pruincia de Munscia e Briansa") is a province of Lombardy, Italy. It was created (with part of the province of Milan) on May 12, 2004, but became effective in 2009. It has an area of 405.49 km² and a population (2010 census) of 850,321.

A list of its 55 communes follows:


Apulanta

Apulanta is a rock band from Finland. It was started in 1991.

Apulanta's first music album was "Attack of the AL People", which was released in 1994.




Al-Andalus

Al-Andalus () was the Muslim-ruled area of the Iberian Peninsula. The term is used by modern historians for the former Muslim states in modern Spain and Portugal. At its greatest geographical extent, it occupied most of the peninsula and a part of present-day southern France, Septimania (8th century). For nearly 100 years, from the 9th century to the 10th, al-Andalus extended its presence from Fraxinetum into the Alps with a series of organized raids. The name describes the different Muslim states that controlled these territories at various times between 711 and 1492. These boundaries changed constantly as the Christian "Reconquista" progressed, eventually shrinking to the south and finally to the Emirate of Granada.

Following the Muslim conquest of Spain, al-Andalus, then at its greatest extent, was divided into five administrative units, corresponding roughly to modern Andalusia; Castile and León; Navarre, Aragon, Catalonia; Portugal and Galicia; and the Languedoc-Roussillon area of Occitania. 

As a political domain, it successively constituted a province of the Umayyad Caliphate, initiated by the Caliph al-Walid I (711–750); the Emirate of Córdoba (–929); the Caliphate of Córdoba (929–1031); the "taifa" kingdoms that succeeded the Caliphate of Córdoba (1009–1110); the Almoravid Empire (1085–1145); the second "taifa" period (1140–1203); the Almohad Caliphate (1147–1238); the third taifa period (1232–1287); and ultimately the Nasrid Emirate of Granada (1238–1492).

This civilization was quite advanced at architecture and urban planning. The Moors were very wealthy because they controlled the gold trade from the Ghana Empire in West Africa. They built many beautiful buildings in all the land they controlled. Many of their large buildings still stand in cities in Andalusia, such as in Seville, Granada, and Cordoba.

Muslim Spain was multicultural and comparatively tolerant; Jews, Christians and Muslims lived side by side. There was also a "saqaliba" population (the descendants of European slaves) near the Mediterranean coast. Though these people were at first brought in to be slaves, some of them became generals (as did some Mamluks in another caliphate) and some generals became rulers of their own cities ("taifas") for a short time.

In 1236, the Reconquista (gradual Christian reconquest) under the forces of Ferdinand III of Castile progressed as far as the last remaining Islamic stronghold, Granada. Granada was reduced to a vassal state to Castile for the next 256 years, until January 2, 1492, when Boabdil surrendered complete control of Granada to Ferdinand and Isabella.


"An Islamic History of Europe ". video documentary, BBC 4, August 2005.



Abbas ibn Abd al-Muttalib

`Abbas ibn `Abd al-Muttalib () (c. 566 – c. 653) was a uncle and companion of Muhammad.


Muhammad had 10 or 11 uncles. Four of them earned a great name in history - Abu Talib, Abu Lahab, Hamza and Abbas. Abu Talib became important because he brought up his orphan nephew, Muhammad, with great love and care and always supported and protected him. Abu Lahab is famous because he tried to "destroy" Islam. Both Hamza and ‘Abbas became Muslims and remained firm and strong in their faith in Islam.

Aung San

Aung San (13 February 1915 – 19 July 1947) was a Burmese revolutionary, nationalist, general, and politician. He was the father of Nobel Peace winner Aung San Suu Kyi.

Kitakyūshū

It is a very important industrial city. It has steel factories, coal mines and car factories.

In Japan, it is an important city in reducing pollution. It also has an important recycling facility.

Kitakyūshū has a population of almost one million people.

It is on the main Shinkansen line between Fukuoka and Tokyo.

The city was named Kitakyūshū in 1963, after five cities were made into one. These cities were Moji, Tobata, Yahata, Kokura and Wakamatsu.

Kitakyūshū has seven wards ("ku"):








I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry

I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry (a.k.a. Chuck and Larry) is a 2007 American comedy movie. It was directed by Dennis Dugan and stars Adam Sandler and Kevin James. It is about two heterosexual male firefighters in New York City who marry each other.


Knocked Up

Knocked Up is a 2007 American romantic sex comedy movie. It was directed by Judd Apatow, and stars Seth Rogen as Ben Stone and Katherine Heigl as Alison Scott. She becomes pregnant unintentionally due to a one-night stand with him.

"Knocked Up: Unrated cut edition DVD" is in September 30, 2008.

"Strange Weirdos: Music From and Inspired by the Film Knocked Up", an original soundtrack album, was composed for the film by folk singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III and Joe Henry. However, the movie's lead song "Daughter" was written by Peter Blegvad.

In addition to Wainwright's tracks, there were approximately 40 songs featured in the motion picture that were not included on the official soundtrack on Concord Records.

Some of the songs featured in "Knocked Up" are:


1988–89 NHL season

The 1988–89 NHL season was the 72nd season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. The Calgary Flames won an all Canadian Stanley Cup final against the Montreal Canadiens four games to two. To date, this is the last time two Canadian teams squared off for the Stanley Cup.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

Hartford Whalers vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Buffalo Sabres vs. Boston Bruins

"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Washington Capitals vs. Philadelphia Flyers

"Philadelphia wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

New York Rangers vs. Pittsburgh Penguins

"Pittsburgh wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Chicago Blackhawks vs. Detroit Red Wings

"Chicago wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Minnesota North Stars vs. St. Louis Blues

"St. Louis wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Vancouver Canucks vs. Calgary Flames
"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 3"

Edmonton Oilers vs. Los Angeles Kings

"Los Angeles wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 3"

Boston Bruins vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Philadelphia Flyers vs. Pittsburgh Penguins

"Philadelphia wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 3"

Chicago Blackhawks vs. St. Louis Blues

"Chicago wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Los Angeles Kings vs. Calgary Flames

"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Philadelphia Flyers vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Chicago Blackhawks vs. Calgary Flames

"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Montreal Canadiens vs. Calgary Flames

The Stanley Cup Finals was decided between the top two teams during the 1988–89 NHL regular season. Captain Lanny McDonald scored the second Flames goal in Game 6. This turned out to be the last goal in his NHL Hall of Fame career because he retired during the following off-season. Doug Gilmour scored two goals in the third period, including the eventual game and Cup winner to cement the victory for the Flames.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1988–89 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1988–89 (listed with their last team):


Hellboy II: The Golden Army

Hellboy II: The Golden Army is a 2008 movie. It was directed by Guillermo del Toro and stars Ron Perlman.

This movie is a sequel to "Hellboy".


Liar Liar

Liar Liar is a 1997 American fantasy comedy movie set in Los Angeles, California. It was directed by Tom Shadyac. It stars Jim Carrey as a lawyer whose son makes a birthday wish that he cannot tell any more lies.


Happy Gilmore

Happy Gilmore is a 1996 American sports comedy movie. It was directed by Dennis Dugan, and stars Adam Sandler. The movie got positive reviews.



Apollo 13

Apollo 13 was the seventh mission of NASA's Project Apollo. It was the third lunar-lander mission with a crew. Jim Lovell commanded Apollo 13. The other astronauts were Jack Swigert and Fred Haise.

The craft launched successfully toward the Moon, but two days after launch a faulty oxygen tank exploded. It damaged the Service Module. It lost oxygen and electrical power. There was a very large chance that the astronauts would die before they could return to Earth. They were very short on oxygen. Oxygen is not just used to breathe; on the Apollo spacecraft it was used in a device called a Fuel cell to generate electricity. So they saved their remaining air by turning off almost all their electrical equipment, for example heaters. It became very cold in the spacecraft.

The astronauts also had to move into the Apollo Lunar Module to survive and use it as lifeboat.

When they approached the Earth they were not sure that their parachutes, needed to slow the Command Module down, would work. The parachutes were thrown out by small explosive charges that were fired by batteries. The cold could have made the batteries fail, so the parachutes would not work and the Command Module would hit the ocean so fast that all aboard would be killed.

Apollo launched on April 11, 1970 at 19:13 UTC from Cape Canaveral and went into temporary low Earth orbit. Two hours later they fired the rocket motor again to go towards the Moon. They wanted to land at Fra Mauro. Despite the hardships, the crew made it back to Earth. Though the crew did not land on the Moon, the flight became very well known.

Some people thought it was a failure because they did not land on the Moon. However, others thought it was possibly the National Aeronautics and Space Administrations' (NASA's) "greatest" accomplishment in returning three men in a very damaged spacecraft back to Earth safely.

Coming up to re-entry, it was thought that the electrical equipment would short circuit because the water in the astronauts' breath had turned back into a liquid all over the computers. However, the electronics were fine.

Books were written about the event, for example one by Jim Lovell, the commander of the mission. A movie was also made about it, directed by Ron Howard and starring Tom Hanks.

Apollo 13 (movie)

Apollo 13 is a 1995 drama movie about the failed Apollo 13 mission. It was directed by Ron Howard, and starred Tom Hanks. It won 2 Academy Awards in 1996.


Simon Pegg

Simon John Pegg (né Beckingham; born 14 February 1970) is an English actor, comedian, director, producer and screenwriter. His best known roles are "Spaced", "Shaun of the Dead", "Hot Fuzz", "Paul" and the "Ice Age" franchise. He is also known for working with Nick Frost.

Pegg married Maureen McCann on 23 July 2005. On 21 February 2009, Pegg said his wife was five months pregnant with the couple's first child. Their daughter Matilda was born early July 2009. Pegg has said on his personal Twitter feed that he is an atheist.

Along with Jonny Buckland, Pegg is godfather to Apple, daughter of close friends Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow. In return Martin is godfather to Pegg's daughter. Pegg's parents and sister briefly appeared in "Spaced". His mother was in both "Shaun of the Dead" and "Hot Fuzz".

Pegg was awarded an honorary fellowship by the University of Gloucestershire on 4 December 2008.

Béla Lugosi

Béla Lugosi (20 October 1882 – 16 August 1956) born in what is now Lugoj, Romania, was a Hungarian-American actor of the theatre and movies. He is best known for playing Count Dracula in the Broadway play and the movie version. He was a character actor who played many different kinds of roles, but was most often seen in horror movies including "White Zombie". He is one of the first actors to enter drug rehabilitation for a drug addiction. In the last years of his career he acted in several low-budget B-movies, some by director Ed Wood. He died in Los Angeles, California of a heart attack when he was 73 years old.

Bela G. Lugosi is his son.

Ratatouille (movie)

Ratatouille (; French: ) is a 2007 animated movie directed by Brad Bird. It stars Patton Oswalt, Lou Romano, Peter Sohn, Brad Garrett, Janeane Garofalo, Ian Holm, Brian Dennehy and Peter O'Toole. The movie is about a rat who wants to become a chef. He befriends a human who works at a restaurant in Paris. It was made by Pixar Animation Studios and it was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.

Jad Pinkava actually wrote the original ideas in 2001, but in 2005 Brad Bird was asked to direct the movie instead. He and some crew members also visited France to get some new ideas. The crew consulted (took advice of) chefs from France and the United States. It premiered on June 22, 2007 at the Kodak Theater. It was generally shown in other theaters on June 29 2007. It earned $623.7 million at the box office and got good reviews. It later won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature



Additional voices were provided by Carlos Alazraqui, Bob Bergen, Debi Derryberry, Sherry Lynn, Jason Marsden, Mickie McGowan and Frank Welker.


Hot Fuzz

Hot Fuzz is a 2007 British-French action-comedy movie. It was directed by Edgar Wright, who co-wrote it with Simon Pegg. The movie stars Pegg and Nick Frost. It is set in Gloucestershire.


Shaun of the Dead

Shaun of the Dead is a 2004 British-French zombie-themed romantic comedy movie. It is set in London. The movie was directed by Edgar Wright, who co-wrote it with Simon Pegg. It stars Pegg and Nick Frost.

Palace of Westminster

The Palace of Westminster, also known as the Houses of Parliament or Westminster Palace, in London, is where the two Houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom meet.

In 1605, Guy Fawkes attempted to blow the Palace up. He was caught and later executed. This was called the Gunpowder Plot, and is celebrated on 5 November every year.

The original building was used as a palace and home to the Parliament of England. After a fire in 1834, the building was used as a Parliament building.

Westminster Palace, Westminster Abbey and Saint Margaret's Church make up a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Westminster Palace is an example of Gothic Revival architecture.

The building is in bad shape. There have been falling stonework, 10 fires, and an incident of potential asbestos exposure since 2020. There are leaking pipes and a serious risk of fire. The water, electric, sewage and gas pipes need to be replaced. To do this work the politicians would have to move to somewhere else.


V for Vendetta (movie)

V for Vendetta is a 2005 British political thriller drama movie set in London. The main people who are in it include Hugo Weaving as the character V and Natalie Portman as Evey Hammond. It was written by the Wachowskis and directed by James McTeigue. It is based on Alan Moore's graphic novel "V for Vendetta". Moore did not like most movies about his work. He asked that his name not appear on it. The movie is set in a dystopian future United Kingdom of the year 2020, which has become a totalitarian fascist dictatorship.

It started Evey Hammond going out to see a co-worker named Gordon Deitrich. It is past curfew and she will get in trouble if she gets caught. As she walks, she is stopped by three police officers. She is about to be harmed when V, a man who wears a Guy Fawkes mask, comes in and rescues her. He then invites her to a concert. They go up on the roof. V waves around and the "1812 Overture" begins playing. Evey is then shocked to see the Old Bailey be destroyed as V laughs.

The next day, V enters the British Television Network (BTN). He then forces the people there to play a message. The message goes out to all households. In the tape, V tells them that they are all to blame for the current state of government. The government can tape anyone and arrest anyone and people fear it. He then tells them that he was the one that blew up the Old Bailey and to join him next November 5 if they want to stand up to the government.

The government, meanwhile, has started to pour troops into the BTN. V fights them off, but is caught. Evey, who has been hiding, taps the man on the shoulder and sprays him with pepper spray, freeing V. Evey is knocked out and wakes up inside V's location. V carried her away because he knew she would be in big trouble for helping him.

After some time, Evey comes to help V. V wants to kill a priest. She dresses up like a schoolgirl and goes into the priest's office. However, she backs out and tells the priest that V wants to kill him. The priest thinks it's a joke until V bursts in and does so. Evey runs away to Gordon's house. Gordon has his own talk show, and one day he decides to make a big joke. He makes fun of the Chancellor Adam Sutler. In response, Sutler goes into Gordon's house and arrests him.

Evey tries to escape and is caught. She is then tortured over many days. Men plunge her face into water, throw her in a cell, and shave the hair off her head, but she will not tell them any information about V. Eventually, one of the men tells her that she will be shot behind the barracks if she does not say anything. Evey says she would rather be shot; she does not have any more fear. It is then revealed that V was behind the torture and that he wanted her to have no fear. Evey is angry but soon accepts it. She later leaves but promises to come back before November 5.

Meanwhile, a Norsefire Party worker named Eric Finch begins to look into the government. He does not trust it anymore. He realizes that V is killing everyone who was at a detention camp called Larkhill. During the movie, V kills the priest, who was at the camp; a general named Lewis Prothero, who is now a talk show host; and Delia Surridge, who was a doctor. He attempts to find out more information about Larkhill. In the movie, we learn that V was a prisoner at Larkhill and blew the place up when he escaped.

Eventually, V comes to Finch. He is disguised and calls himself Rookwood. He tells them everything that Finch has long thought – that the Norsefire found a plague and decided to infect the people to put them in power.

As November 5 approaches, the city gets restless. Riots break out. V gives out thousands of Guy Fawkes masks to people for them to wear on November 5. A member of the secret police called the "Fingermen" shoots a young girl wearing one of these masks dead.

Evey comes back. V then shows her what is going to do. He has loaded explosives into a train that will go underneath the Palace of Westminster. He then gives her the choice whether to pull the trigger or not. He then disappears.

V goes to another area, where he finds Peter Creedy, the second-in-command of Norsefire. Earlier, V made a deal with him: V would turn himself in if Sutler was killed. Creedy shows Sutler, and then shoots him in the forehead. He then tells V to surrender, but V says no. In the final battle, V kills Creedy and all of his men, but is severely wounded himself. He dies in Evey's arms.

Evey puts him on the train with the explosives. Finch, who guessed that V would use a train to blow up the Palace, draws a gun and attempts to stop her. Evey says no. When Finch asks why, Evey says, "Because this country needs more than a building. It needs hope." Finch lowers his gun and allows the train to go. Because Creedy and Sutler are dead, the army outside the Palace does not know what to do. The man in charge orders them to stand down, or to put down their weapons and not do anything. The "1812 Overture" begins again, and everyone watches as the Palace of Westminster is destroyed.


Colin Montgomery

Colin Montgomery OBE (born 23 June 1963) is a Scottish professional golfer on the PGA Tour. He was born in Glasgow but raised in Yorkshire.

North American video game crash of 1983

The North American video game crash of 1983 was a major event in the history of video games where the North American video game industry had crashed. Many makers of home computers and video game consoles went bankrupt. Many business analysts thought that the video game industry would not last, and the crash lasted for several years. However, the Japanese company Nintendo introduced the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1985, which became very popular in 1987 and ended the crash.

There were several reasons for the crash, but the main reason was that companies were making many consoles and hundreds of games, most which were low quality. The video game version of "ET: The Extra Terrestrial" is often blamed for the crash.

Through the 1970s, many companies, most notably Coleco and Atari released tons of systems. The video game industry became a big thing, and it seemed like video games were the next cool thing. However, soon, companies tried to take advantage. For example, if you mailed to a dog food company, they'd send you a video game. The market was flooded, but the final straw was with the Atari port of "Pac-Man" and "ET: The Extra Terrestrial". They were both bad quality games, and the Pac-Man port itself was just a prototype. Consumers lost confidence in video games, and Atari began to lose money. Most companies left the market, as most experts claimed the market was dead, and nothing more than a fad. The crash was notable for being more bad for the companies, as consumers themselves were happy as most games were much cheaper. The crash would last until 1985, when Nintendo released the Nintendo Entertainment System, which used a VCR look and avoided common terms that video games were typically using, as the packaging of the system never even mentioned the phrase "video game" once. Cartridges were instead called "Game Paks" and the games showed in-game sprites on the covers, to show the arcade-like graphics. This was important, as arcades were not effected by the crash, and became popular again because of the crash.

Kirby's Dream Land 2

Kirby's Dream Land 2, known in Japan as is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console.

Animal Crossing: Wild World

The player moves into a village where everyone is an animal. Only the player is human. Only four people can move to the village and live together in one house (different to Animal Crossing). They have to pay money (called "bells") for the house, and when they did it the house will get bigger. Bells can be earned by fishing, catching insects, selling things and other ways. Every player can buy the things he/she likes by Tom Nook (a racoon who has got a shop in the village) and put them in the house. If the house looks nice, they get points and things from the HRA (Happy Room Academy). They also can buy clothes at Able Sisters. The game is played in real time and has no ending. You can visit the villages of other players by using the Nintendo DS wireless connection or Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. It's almost like the older "Animal Crossing" GameCube version.

The animals are different. There are different kinds of animals (for example cats, mice or dogs) and different characters (for example lazy, active...) There are more animals than in the older version.

Tom Nook is a racoon who has got a shop called "Nook's Cranny". The shop gets bigger when you buy things. He sells furniture and other items. He does not sell clothes anymore as he did in "Animal Crossing". His range changes every day.

Mable and Sable are hedgehogs siblings that started to run a shop together called "Able Sisters" where you can make your own clothes and buy hats, umbrellas, glasses and clothes. The range changes every day like in Tom Nooks Shop so go frequently. 

Pelly and Phyllis are two pelicans who work in the Town Hall. There is a post office where you can send letters to villagers and one where you for example can get information about your town. Pelly works at day, Phyllis works at night.

Tortimer is an old turtle. He is the mayor of your village. He turns up at most special event days.

K.K. is a dog who sings in the café in the museum. You can see him every Saturday evening at 8.00 pm and you can take the music with you and listen to it at home.

Blathers and Celeste are owls. Blathers works in the museum and if you want you can give him paintings, fossils, insects and fishes. After that you can see them in the museum. You can find Celeste in the observatory and draw your own pictures between the stars, which come out at night.

Resetti is an angry mole. He comes when you turn your DS off and do not save the game. Every time he comes he gets more angry with you. He pops up outside your house each time you go back on after you don't save and turn off the game.

Kirby's Dream Land

Kirby's Dream Land, called in Japan, is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory, Inc. and published by Nintendo for the "Game Boy".

King Dedede steals all the food from "Dream Land". Now, Kirby has to get it back from him.

Mario Kart Wii

"Mario Kart Wii" features 16 new tracks, plus 16 from the previous games in the series, and is bundled with the Wii Wheel. The game was commercially successful in every region, and sold over a million copies in both Japan and the United States in less than a month. It also received very positive reviews from critics.

In "Mario Kart Wii", players choose a character from a roster having of up to 24 characters and from 36 cars. The cars are classified into three different weight classes. A character's weight decides the available types of karts and motorbikes, and their performance on the tracks. Each car has seven different parameters for characteristics: speed, weight, acceleration, handling, drift, off-road, and mini-turbo. "Mario Kart Wii" has 32 different tracks, having 16 new tracks, four tracks each from "Mario Kart 64", "", and "Mario Kart DS", and two each from "Super Mario Kart" and "". Plus, up to twelve characters can play in a race. Players get items by driving through item boxes, which can be used for either defense, offense, or for powering up the engine. New items from "Mario" platform games are introduced, like the "Mega Mushroom" from "New Super Mario Bros." It allows the character to grow very big in size and flatten other players. The ""POW BLOCK"" from "Mario Bros." allows the character to send a shockwave to all the players in front of them, spinning them out of control and making them drop any items they may be carrying (there is no effect, however, on those who are airborne). One new item to the series is the "Lightning Cloud", which raises the user's top speed briefly, but shrinks the user if it is not passed on to an opponent by colliding with them.

"Mario Kart Wii" has 24 Nintendo characters that can be chosen, more than any of the other "Mario" games. There are also 12 different kinds (3 weight classes, 2 genders, 2 outfits) of the Mii, the digital avatar made by Nintendo. Twelve characters are available from the beginning; the other twelve and the two Mii variants become available after finishing certain elements of the game. The cast of characters has 19 returning characters from the series and six new characters; Baby Peach, Funky Kong, user-created Miis, Rosalina, Dry Bowser, and Baby Daisy. There are eight characters of each weight class. The Mii's weight class depends on its height and weight (this can be customized in the Mii Channel), and its favorite color changes the color scheme of its clothing, while the gender changes the color scheme of their cars.

"Mario Kart Wii" was officially announced at the 2007 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3); the online features and the first footage of the game was shown. Producer Hideki Konno wanted to include online features for "Mario Kart DS", but they were left out due to time constraints.

The game was called ""Mario Kart X"" internally for a while, before deciding on ""Mario Kart Wii"". General producer and Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto's inputs were limited to new aspects of play such as the Wii Wheel and battles over Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. The designers tested roughly 30 different prototypes with different shapes, colors and weights (based on real-life go-karts), before deciding on the final Wii Wheel design.

The game received many positive reviews, and was commercially successful in every region, and sold over a million copies in both Japan and the United States in less than a month. Joe Sinicki of Blast Magazine comments: "While it still does suffer from some of the problems of the older games, "Mario Kart Wii" takes the simple and accessible formula set by its predecessors and tweaks it enough to make it feel fresh and fun, creating one of the most entertaining and rewarding gaming experiences in quite some time."

In the week ending May 4, 2008, "Mario Kart Wii" had sold over a million copies in Japan alone, less than a month since its release in the region. In the UK, "Mario Kart Wii" was the best-selling video game in the week ending April 12, 2008, having "the eighth biggest opening sales week in UK software history," according to Chart-Track/ELSPA. As of 30 Sep 2019, Mario Kart Wii sold 37.24 million copies, which make it the third best-selling game overall. 

Wii Fit

Wii Fit is an exercise video game made by Nintendo for the Wii video game console.

Two sequels were released for the game. Wii Fit Plus was released for the Wii in 2009. Wii Fit U was released for the Wii U in 2014.

The game requires players to use an object called the Wii Balance Board to play. There are many different exercises and games. These are split into four categories - yoga, strength training, aerobics, and balance games.

The Yoga and Strength Training modes have a character called the Wii Fit Trainer. This character guides the players through the exercises. The player can choose between a male or a female trainer. 
They were later added to Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U and Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, as a fighter in those games.

The game was released in Japan on December 1, 2007.

Toyota Highlander

The Toyota Highlander, also called the Toyota Kluger in Japan and Australia, is a medium-sized crossover sport utility vehicle sold by Toyota. The Highlander is built on the Camry's platform and shares the Camry's parts including the engine. The Highlander was redesigned in 2008, 2013, and 2019. It has a V6 or 4 cylinder engine. The Highlander's competitors are the Honda Pilot, Nissan Pathfinder, Chevrolet Traverse, Hyundai Santa Fe and the Ford Explorer.

Toyota Yaris

The Toyota Yaris is a small automobile made and sold by Toyota since 1999. It is sold as the Toyota Belta, Toyota Vios, and Toyota Vitz. The Yaris is sold as a 3-door and 5-door hatchback and 4-door sedan. It is currently in its third generation. The first generation Yaris was known as the Toyota Echo in some markets. A distinctive feature of the first generation in many markets was a digital instrument display which glows out of a black hole in the centre of the dashboard. The second generation model arrived in 2005 and the third generation was on sale from a period from 2011-2019. The Yaris IV was revealed in October 2019 before the opening of the 2019 Tokyo Motor Show and was officially put on sale in early 2020. As of 2023, The Yaris has been officially discontinued.

Chrono Trigger

"Chrono Trigger" follows a young boy named Crono, who goes to see the Millennial Fair. He meets a girl named Marle at the fair and she follows him. Crono's friend, named Lucca, tests a teleporter at the fair. The machine goes wrong, and sends them back in time. They soon meet new friends and discover more time periods to go to. However, they find out an evil monster named Lavos is destroying the world. It is up to Crono and his friends to stop it.

"Chrono Trigger" is a role-playing game. It was one of the first games to let the player see the enemies on the world before they fight them, and when he or she goes into a battle, the enemies and characters fight without going into a separate battle screen like other RPGs like "Final Fantasy" and "Dragon Quest" did at the time.

"Chrono Trigger" is thought to be one of the best Super NES games, and one of the best role-playing games too. It got great reviews, praising it for its story, gameplay, and innovation.

"Chrono Trigger" was first re-released on the PlayStation with "Final Fantasy IV" on "Final Fantasy Chronicles". It was given good reviews, but reviewers were unhappy with the long load times whenever going into a menu or battle. "Chrono Trigger" was re-released for the Nintendo DS as "Chrono Trigger DS". It has the same graphics and extras from the PlayStation version along with other extras such as new dungeons.


Suzuki Sidekick

The Suzuki Sidekick and Suzuki Grand Vitara are sport utility vehicles made by Suzuki. They were sold since 1988 when they replaced the small Suzuki Samurai. It was sold by General Motors from 1989 to 2004 as the Geo Tracker. The vehicle is sold in other countries as the Suzuki Escudo.

Hino Motors

Hino Motors, Ltd. (, "Hino Jidōsha", ), also called Hino, is a manufacturer of diesel trucks, buses, and other vehicles based in Tokyo, Japan. It is a subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corporation.


Angrboða

In Norse mythology, Angrboða (Old Norse "the one who brings grief" or "she-who-offers-sorrow") is a giantess. She is the wife of Loki and mother of the serpent Jörmungandr, the wolf Fenrir and the goddess Hel.

Marionette

A marionette is a puppet that people control with strings called a manipulator from above.

Spencer Tunick

Spencer Tunick (born January 1, 1967) is an American photographer. Tunick is mostly known because he does events at which many people pose nude. Most of the events are in an urban setting. The people posing for Tunick, are volunteers, not models. Usually they receive a signed copy of the image as a reward for posing.


Lisieux Cathedral

Lisieux Cathedral () is a cathedral in Lisieux. It is devoted to Saint Peter. It is built in the gothic style.


Nihon Shoki

, also known as the , is an early book about the history of Japan up to 720 A.D. It is one of the national history books which are together called the "Rikkokushi".

"Nihon Shoki" is the second oldest book of classical Japanese mythology and history. It includes details that are not in the "Kojiki", which is the oldest historical record of ancient Japan.

This book is important to people who study the history of Japan because it has information about the early rulers not found in other books.

Dates in the "Nihon Shoki" before the late 7th century were likely recorded using the Genka calendar system.



Speed Racer (movie)

Speed Racer is a 2008 action movie. The movie stars Emile Hirsch, Christina Ricci and Matthew Fox. It was directed by The Wachowski Brothers (now known as The Wachowskis). The movie is based on the 1960s Japanese anime of the same name.


The movie begins at a race which the main character, Speed Racer, wins. The Racer family is a local, family-run company that builds and races cars.

In a flashback, it is shown that Speed Racer's older brother, Rex, died while racing the "Casa Cristo 5000", a big race that goes across two continents. It is very dangerous and the drivers are very bad. The drivers try to get other racers out of the race by hitting their cars or using tools to get them out of the race. Rex was said to be cheating in the race. This gave people a bad opinion of the racing world.

A man named Mr. Royalton saw Speed's victory and went to his house. He offered Speed a contract to race for the Royalton racing team. Speed chose not sign the contract because he loves the art of racing. Royalton got angry and told Speed that racing is only a business and that his and his family's belief in it being an art is nonsense. He said that he will make sure that Speed does not finish his next race. At the next race at Fuji, Speed did spin out and he did not finish the race.

A very shadowy group then went to the Racer family. Earlier in the movie, a racer named Taejo Togokhan was beat up. His hand was almost cut off for trying to oppose the Royalton family. He and someone named Racer X were trying to beat the Royaltons. The Royaltons wanted to buy out the Togokhan company. However, if Togokhan wins the Casa Cristo, the value of the company will go up and Royalton could not buy it. Togokhan would only race if Speed Racer was on the team. Pops said that Speed could not do so. Because of this, Speed and his girlfriend Trixie said they were skiing but went to the race instead.

At the end of the first day of the Casa Cristo, the Togokhan team was in second place. Togokhan was very mad, but Racer X told him that there was much more racing ahead. The Racer family found out that Speed was in the race and came to try and get him. When Speed refused to leave, they stayed to help the team. During the night, ninjas went into each of the team's rooms to tried to hurt them. Togokhan was given a drug that makes it hard for him to stand up. The drug stopped him from racing. Racer X and Speed fought the ninjas and won. Trixie chose to race for Togokhan.

On the second day of the race, the Togokhan team took the lead. However, during a pass in the mountain area, the Royalton people tried to kidnap and kill the racers. Spritle Racer, Speed's younger brother, hit one of the men with mud, and the rest of the Togokhan team and the Racer family fought off the bad guys. During this, the Sneak Oiler team took the lead in the race. Inside the mountain area, the Sneak Oilers dropped oil on the road. This caused Speed to fall off the mountain. He drove up the side of the mountain and took the lead to win the Casa Cristo.

It turned out that this was for nothing. Togokhan's plan all along was to win the race to make the price of the stock of his fathers company increase. They made more money when his father sold the company to the Royaltons. Speed was very mad. He drove around the track. Racer X found him and hit his car to make him stop. Speed then told Racer X that he thought that Racer X was actually Rex, his dead brother. Racer took off his mask and showed Speed that he was someone different. He then told Speed that they should not let racing change who they are.

Togokhan's sister later came up to Speed and gave him an invitation to that year's Grand Prix. The invitation was Togokhan's but he did not want it. The Racer family built a car for Speed, and they entered the race. During the race, Speeed took the lead. The Royalton car driver illegally used a spear hook to bring Speed down. The Royalton driver crashed and Speed's car stopped working. Speed slowed down. He thought hard and pushed the correct button to start the car again. He raced hard and fast to win the race. Royalton gets put on trial and is put in jail afterwards.

But it turns out that Racer X is Rex Racer, Speed Racers brother.

StarCraft II

StarCraft II is a military science fiction real-time strategy video game that is made by Blizzard Entertainment for personal computers. It is the sequel to "StarCraft". This game has multiple expansion packs.

Enron

Enron Creditors Recovery Corporation (formerly Enron Corporation, NYSE ticker symbol ENE) was an American energy company based in Houston, Texas. Enron used to have around 22,000 people before it went bankrupt in late 2001. In 2001, it was revealed that people in Enron were involved in accounting fraud. The company closed in 2007.

Kenneth Lay

Kenneth Lee Lay (April 15, 1942 – July 5, 2006) was an American businessman and fraudster. He is best known for being involved in the Enron scandal. Lay was indicted by a grand jury in Houston, Texas, for his role in Enron's collapse and was charged with 11 counts of securities fraud, wire fraud, and making false and misleading statements.

On May 25, 2006, he was found guilty on all six counts of conspiracy and fraud by a jury of eight women and four men and in a separate bench trial, The judge ruled that he was guilty of four counts of fraud and false statements. The sentencing was scheduled to take place on 11 September 2006, but it was later rescheduled for 23 October 2006. The scheduled sentencing never took place because Lay died of a heart attack while vacationing in Snowmass, Colorado on July 5, 2006.


Allele frequency

Allele frequency refers to the different forms of a gene at a single position on a chromosome. It is the proportion of a given allele to all alleles at the same locus. It is usually expressed as a percentage.

Allele frequencies may be used to describe genetic diversity in a population. If the frequency of any allele is above 1% it is probable that natural selection is maintaining it at this level. This is because the natural mutation rate of an allele is almost always much lower than 1%.

A fixed allele is one allele that exists for a particular population. A fixed allele is homozygous for all members of the population.

The term "allele" refers to one variant gene out of several possible for a particular locus in the DNA. When all but one allele go away, one only remains. That allele is said to be fixed.

Allele

An allele is a form of a gene at a particular position (locus) on a chromosome. It is the bit of coding DNA at that place.

Typical plants and animals have two sets of chromosomes, one set inherited from each parent. These organisms are called diploid. Since such organisms have two sets of chromosomes, they have (except on the sex chromosomes) two alleles at each gene locus.

If the two alleles are identical, the individual is called a homozygote and is said to be homozygous. If instead the two alleles are different, the individual is a heterozygote and is heterozygous.

In a heterozygote the effect of one allele may completely ‘mask’ the other. That is, the phenotype produced by the two alleles in heterozygous combination is identical to that produced by one of the two homozygous genotypes. 

The allele that masks the other is said to be dominant to the latter, and the alternative allele is said to be recessive to the former. This idea originates in the work of Gregor Mendel, the founder of genetics.

In other cases, both alleles contribute to the phenotype.

The inheritance of alleles, and their dominance, can be represented in a Punnett square.

An example is the gene for blossom colour in many species of flower. A single gene controls the colour of the petals, but there may be several different versions (or alleles) of the gene.

In this example, parents have the genotype Bb (capital letters show dominant alleles and lower-case letters to show recessive alleles). If B (capital) is found in their genotype, the flower will be red. Therefore, the only time a flower is not red is when the genotype is bb (there are no capital 'B's).
The probability of the flowers having different genotypes are: BB is 25%, Bb is 50%, and bb is 25%. The phenotype of the flower will always be red if a dominant B is in the genotype. Therefore, there is a 25% chance of getting a flower which is not red, and 75% chance of getting a flower which is red.

The pattern of inheritance of recessive genes is quite simple. If they are heterozygous with a dominant allele, the appearance (phenotype) is the same as a dominant homozygote. Only if both alleles are recessive does the recessive allele show in the phenotype b.

This is when the dominant allele is not completely dominant over the recessive allele. This means both the alleles have a degree of phenotypic expression in the hybrids. In this case the functional product formed is a little different or is intermediate between the product produced by to the dominant allele and the recessive allele.

For example: "Mirabilis jalapa". The heterozygote of this plant produces flowers in the F1 generation of the colour pink in contrast to the red (dominant) and white (recessive) homozygotes.

Genes on the sex chromosomes are said to be sex linked. In the XY sex determination system of mammals, the X chromosomes carry a full set of genes, but the Y chromosomes carry few genes. Alleles or genes which are not sex-linked are called autosomal.

There are three ways alleles at a locus may differ. They are:

Two alleles different by descent may or may not be of different state. For example, one may carry a mutation, so making its DNA sequence different.



Belchamp Otten

Belchamp Otten is a village and civil parish in Essex, England. It is about 7 km (4 miles) west of Sudbury, Suffolk and is 36 km (23 miles) north-northeast from the county town of Chelmsford. It is near Belchamp St Paul and Belchamp Walter. The village is in the district of Braintree and in the parliamentary constituency of Saffron Walden. The parish is part of the Stour Valley North parish cluster.

Motherwell F.C.

The Motherwell Football & Athletic Club Ltd. 
is a Scottish football club based in Motherwell, North Lanarkshire. Motherwell currently play in the Scottish Premier League; their home stadium is Fir Park. The current manager is Stephen Robinson.

Motherwell won the Scottish First Division in 1931-32, and this is the only time they have finished top of the first tier. They have won the Scottish Cup twice and the Scottish League Cup once.

The capacity at Fir Park is 13,742. It is all-seated. The average attendance for the 2010-11 season was 5,660. The club's record attendance for a home match is 35,632, against Rangers in a Scottish Cup quarter-final replay on March 12, 1952.

The highest transfer fee paid by the club was that to Everton for John Spencer in 1999 (GPB 500,000) and the highest received was that for Phil O'Donnell for his move to Celtic in 1994 (GBP 1,750,000). O'Donnell later played for Motherwell for a second time but died after collapsing on the pitch in a game against Dundee United on December 29, 2007.

Motherwell are also one of the teams that play in the Lanarkshire derby. They are the biggest of the teams.


Promotion titles:



Motherwell are currently sponsored by Cash Converters. They replaced Commsworld. They were also sponsored by JAXX, a German betting company and Zoom Airlines, a company owned by chairman John Boyle. One of the previous sponsors, from 2002-04, were a local company called The Untouchables. Previously the club had a long association with Motorola, but this ended after 11 years in 2002 as the sponsor started to reduce its manufacturing operations in Scotland. This had followed another long association with local car dealer Ian Skelly, who had sponsored the club since 1984.

The club have had a lot of different kit manufacturers since the 1970s. Puma are the 2011-12 season kit providers, taking over from Bukta, who had previously filled this role from 2007. Major manufacturers Adidas, Admiral, Hummel, Patrick, Pony, Umbro and Zara, have all been kit providers for Motherwell.


1987–88 NHL season

The 1987–88 NHL season was the 71st season of the National Hockey League. It was an 80-game season with the top four teams in each division advancing to the Stanley Cup Playoffs. The NHL introduced a new trophy, the King Clancy Memorial Trophy, which was to be awarded to the player who best exemplifies leadership qualities on and off the ice and who has made a significant humanitarian contribution in his community.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: all dates in 1988"

Buffalo Sabres vs. Boston Bruins

"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Hartford Whalers vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Philadelphia Flyers vs. Washington Capitals

"Washington wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

New Jersey Devils vs. New York Islanders

"New Jersey wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Chicago Blackhawks vs. St. Louis Blues

"St. Louis wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Detroit Red Wings

"Detroit wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Winnipeg Jets vs. Edmonton Oilers

"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

Los Angeles Kings vs. Calgary Flames

"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

Boston Bruins vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

New Jersey Devils vs. Washington Capitals

"New Jersey wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

St. Louis Blues vs. Detroit Red Wings

"Detroit wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

Edmonton Oilers vs. Calgary Flames

"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–0"

New Jersey Devils vs. Boston Bruins

"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

Detroit Red Wings vs. Edmonton Oilers

"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

Boston Bruins vs. Edmonton Oilers

"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–0"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1987–88:

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1987–88:


San Francisco Giants

The San Francisco Giants are a Major League Baseball team in San Francisco, California. They were founded in 1883, and have been in San Francisco since 1958. They are in the West Division of National League in baseball.

The Giants play at Oracle Park. They have been playing there since 2000 when it opened as Pacific Bell Park. The Giants have won eight World Series championship titles. They most recently won the World Series in 2014, defeating the Kansas City Royals in seven games. It was their third win in five years after beating the Texas Rangers and the Detroit Tigers in 2010 and 2012, respectively.

The Giants were originally from New York City. There they were called the New York Giants. They played their games in several stadiums called the Polo Grounds. They were a very good team in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Under John McGraw, the Giants won the 1905, 1921 and 1922 World Series. At that time, some of their players were Christy Mathewson and Bill Terry. Olympic gold medalist Jim Thorpe also briefly played for the team. By the 1950s, the Polo Grounds were old, and the Giants wanted a new stadium. Since they could not get one in New York, they moved to San Francisco.

After the move to San Francisco, the Giants lost three World Series in 1962, 1989, and 2002. But they won three Series in 2010, 2012, and 2014. In 2016, they had another shot at winning the Series in an even year; but they lost in the first round of the playoffs to the eventual champion Chicago Cubs.


Naas

Naas (; or "An Nás" ) is the county town of County Kildare, Ireland. With a population of over 23,000 it is the largest town in the County of Kildare. It is a major commuter belt town, with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin. The nearby M7 motorway, which bypasses Naas and connects Dublin to the South and Southwest, is one of the busiest routes in the country.


Leinster

Leinster (; Irish: "Laighin", ), one of the Provinces of Ireland, lies in the east of Ireland and comprises the counties of Carlow, Dublin, Kildare, Kilkenny, Laois, Longford, Louth, Meath, Offaly, Westmeath, Wexford and Wicklow. Leinster has the largest population of the four provinces of Ireland. The traditional flag of Leinster features a golden harp on a green background.


In order of size:


Wii Balance Board

The Wii Balance Board (called Wii Board in Europe) is a balance board accessory made for Nintendo's Wii and Wii U game console. It was first used for "Wii Fit", and was also used for other games, including "We Ski".

Colleges and universities in the U.S. Virgin Islands

This is a list of colleges and universities in the United States Virgin Islands:


Colleges and universities in American Samoa

This is a list of colleges and universities in American Samoa:

Colleges and universities in Guam

This is a list of colleges and universities in Guam:

Education in the Northern Mariana Islands

Children in the Northern Mariana Islands must go to school from the ages of 6 to 18.

Public schools are governed by the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands Public School System. The system is based on the public school system in the United States. It was started in 1987.

There is one university in the territory: Northern Marianas College in Saipan. It has campuses in Tinian and Rota.


Colleges and universities in Puerto Rico

This is a list of colleges and universities in Puerto Rico:



Colleges and universities in Alaska

This is a list of colleges and universities in Alaska:



Hugo Wolf

Hugo Wolf (born Windischgraz (now Slovenj Gradec, Slovenia) 13 March, 1860; died Vienna, 22 February 1903) was an Austrian composer of Slovene origin. He is famous for his Lieder (German art songs). He found new ways of expressing poetry in music. He used the song forms that had been made by Schubert and Schumann, but his harmonies bring something very new and personal to German song. He was particularly fond of the music of Richard Wagner and his tonal writing is influenced by him. He belongs to the late Romantic period.

Although he wrote other kinds of music besides Lieder, the only other piece of his which is played regularly is his "Italian Serenade".

At times Wolf worked very hard and composed a lot of music. At other times he felt unhappy and had depression. Towards the end of his life he went mad and had to go to an asylum. He died of syphilis.

His name is pronounced “Hoo-go Volf” (rhyming with “golf”).

The town where Wolf was born is now called Slovenj Gradec in Slovenia, but at that time it was part of the Austrian Empire. He was a child prodigy. When he was four he learned the piano and violin from his father. When he went to school he learned with Sebastian Weixler. Music was the only thing he was interested in at school. He changed schools but still did little work except for music. He went to Vienna to study at the Vienna Conservatory. His father did not want him to become a musician. He was made to leave the Conservatory because he did not obey their rules. Wolf said later that he left because he did not like the old-fashioned teaching.

After eight months with his family, he returned to Vienna to teach music. He had a fiery temper which did not make him an ideal teacher. However, he found some rich people who thought he was a good composer and paid him money so that he could have the time to compose.

One of his rich patrons had a daughter called Vally. Wolf fell in love with her, and he was very depressed when she left him after three years. He did not get on well with his family either. His father thought he was not trying to make a living. Wolf got a job as 
second Kapellmeister at Salzburg. However, he was not a good conductor and he soon left that job and went back to Vienna. to teach.

Wolf was fascinated by the music of Wagner. He tried to get Wagner’s attention once, running after his coach and begging Wagner to listen to his music. He was terribly sad when Wagner died. He wrote a song "Zur Ruh, zur Ruh" (“To rest, to rest") which is one of his best early works. He was very depressed because Wagner had gone and he felt that there was no one who could inspire him to compose. 

The great composer Franz Liszt became interested in him, and told him he ought to try to compose some longer pieces. He wrote a symphonic poem "Penthesilea". Wolf also became a music critic. He wrote about new pieces of music. He liked the music of Liszt, but hated the music of several other composers such as Anton Rubinstein and Johannes Brahms. He made many enemies because of the harsh things he wrote about them. People called him "Wild Wolf". He composed several works, but could not get them performed. He had been very critical of the famous Rosé Quartet, so they refused to play his music when they were asked.

He stopped writing musical criticism in 1887 and began composing once more. He wrote songs which set poems by Goethe, Joseph von Eichendorff. He wrote an orchestral work called "Italian Serenade" which is one of his best works outside Lieder. Then his father died and he did not compose for the rest of the year.

Wolf composed a lot during the years 1888 and 1889. He stayed with some friends outside Vienna and wrote songs using poetry by Mörike. He stayed with other friends and composed music to poems by Eichendorff. Then he wrote 51 Goethe songs, followed by "Spanisches Liederbuch" ("Spanish Song Book"). Wolf soon became very famous. His songs had very good reviews, although not everyone was enthusiastic. Brahms wrote bad things about him because, of course, Wolf had written bad things about Brahms.

By 1891 Wolf had become exhausted. His health became poor and he suffered from syphilis as well as from depression. He composed nothing for several years, although his fame continued to spread. Even Brahms changed his mind a wrote good reviews of his music.

Composers were always expected to write large pieces such as symphonies and operas if they were to be taken seriously. Wagner was given the words for an opera called "Der Corregidor". At first he did not want to use it because the libretto was not good, but then he decided to write the opera. However, although it was performed it never became a success.

Wolf last appeared at a concert in February 1897. Soon afterwards he went mad and had to be put in an asylum. A lady called Melanie whom he had loved visited him faithfully during his last years until his death on February 22, 1903. However, she felt very bad because she had not been faithful to her husband, and she killed herself in 1906.

Wolf is buried in the Zentralfriedhof (Central Cemetery) in Vienna, together with many other great composers.

Wolf’s true greatness lies in his Lieder. Although he tried at times to write larger musical works, his real genius lay in writing the smaller forms. He had a great feel for poetry and it is expressed beautifully in many ways: in the late-Romantic harmony which is often very chromatic, in the very original way he writes the piano accompaniments, and in the clever way in which he organizes his songs into groups with connecting themes. His most famous collections are "Mörike-Lieder" (1888), "Eichendorff-Lieder" (1889), "Goethe-Lieder" (1890), "Spanisches Liederbuch" (1891), "Italienisches Liederbuch" (1892, 1896) and "Michelangelo Lieder" (1897).

Wolf wrote hundreds of Lieder, three operas, incidental music, choral music, as well as some rarely-heard orchestral, chamber and piano music. His most famous instrumental piece is the "Italian Serenade" (1887), originally for string quartet and later arranged for orchestra.

Colleges and universities in Arizona

This is a list of colleges and universities in Arizona:



Rosé Quartet

The Rosé Quartet was a string quartet formed by Arnold Rosé in 1882.

The group played together for 55 years, until 1938. Arnold Rosé was the first violin for the whole of that time, but the other members changed. Julius Egghard played the second violin at first; then it was Albert Bachrich, until 1905 when Paul Fischer joined. The viola player was Anton Loh, then Hugo von Steiner until 1901, then Anton Ruzitska; after 1920, Max Handl played the viola. Eduard Rosé, Arnold’s brother, was the cellist at first, but left after one season he left to get married and was replaced by Reinhold Hummer. The next cellist was Friedrich Buxbaum; cellist Anton Walter joined in 1921, but later on Buxbaum took over once more.

The group were particularly famous between 1905 and 1920, with Rosé, Fischer, Ruzitska, and Buxbaum. They were known for their great performances of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven, but also some more modern composers including Arnold Schoenberg.

The group often gave the first Vienna performances of works by Brahms, including his Clarinet Quintet and his Quintet in G major Opus 111. It also gave the first performance of Schoenberg's first and second string quartets and the sextet "Verklärte Nacht" in which they were joined by two other members of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra: Franz Jelinek, viola, and Franz Schmidt, cello.

Colleges and universities in Washington, D.C.

This is a list of colleges and universities in the District of Columbia:

Colleges and universities in Arkansas

This is a list of colleges and universities in Arkansas:



Colleges and universities in Delaware

This is a list of colleges and universities in Delaware:



Colleges and universities in Wyoming

This is a list of colleges and universities in Wyoming:

Colleges and universities in West Virginia

This is a list of colleges and universities in West Virginia:



Colleges and universities in Nebraska

This is a list of colleges and universities in Nebraska:



Colleges and universities in Montana

This is a list of colleges and universities in Montana:

Colleges and universities in Idaho

This is a list of colleges and universities in Idaho:



Colleges and universities in the United States

This is a list of lists of colleges and universities in the United States:






Colleges and universities in Iowa

This is a list of colleges and universities in Iowa:



Colleges and universities in Rhode Island

This is a list of colleges and universities in Rhode Island:



Colleges and universities in South Dakota

This is a list of colleges and universities in South Dakota:



Colleges and universities in Maine

This is a list of colleges and universities in Maine:



Colleges and universities in Maryland

This is a list of colleges and universities in Maryland:




Gothic fiction

Gothic fiction is a type of fiction which combines parts of both horror and romance. The genre is said to have started in England in 1764 with Horace Walpole's book "The Castle of Otranto". "The Castle of Otranto"'s second edition was subtitled "A Gothic Story". The idea quickly spread to other European languages.

A famous early example of gothic fiction is "Frankenstein" by Mary Shelley, in the early 19th Century. Edgar Allen Poe's work and Bram Stoker's "Dracula" were written later.

Colleges and universities in Nevada

This is a list of colleges and universities in Nevada:


Colleges and universities in South Carolina

This is a list of colleges and universities in South Carolina:



Colleges and universities in North Dakota

This is a list of colleges and universities in North Dakota:



Colleges and universities in Louisiana

This is a list of colleges and universities in Louisiana:

Colleges and universities in Virginia

This is a list of colleges and universities in Virginia:



Colleges and universities in New Mexico

This is a list of colleges and universities in New Mexico:



Colleges and universities in Wisconsin

This is a list of colleges and universities in Wisconsin:



List of colleges and universities in Tennessee

This is a list of colleges and universities in Tennessee:

The University of Tennessee also operates the following associated institutions:







Colleges and universities in New Hampshire

This is a list of colleges and universities in New Hampshire:



Colleges and universities in Oklahoma

This is a list of colleges and universities in Oklahoma:



Betta splendens

Betta splendens is a species of freshwater fish in the genus "Betta". Bettas are also called betta fish or Siamese fighting fish. They are called Siamese fighting fish because people used to make them fight each other. "Betta splendens" are native to Thailand. They are a popular aquarium fish species. They are known for their interesting behavior, bright colors, and ability to breathe air. 

In the wild, bettas live in rice paddies, canals, and small rivers.

"Betta splendens" is listed as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List. This means that "Betta splendens" may become endangered soon.

Males are more colorful and usually have larger fins than the females. There are many color patterns and fin types of "Betta splendens". Female bettas have a pointier shape at their stomachs. 
"Betta splendens" can be up to 6.5 centimeters long.

The Siamese fighting fish has been bred to have large and colorful fins. Wild "Betta splendens" do not have bright colors. Bettas are a popular aquarium fish. They are known for their interesting behavior and ability to breathe air. 
A popular fin type is the veiltail, which has long droopy fins that look like a dress. Red and blue are the most common colors in betta fish. Some people think that white, black, and green bettas are rare. Before a male "Betta splendens" begins to mate with a female, the male betta will create a nest of bubbles by blowing mucus-coated bubbles towards the surface of the water. 

If betta fish are kept in a small area, the males will fight each other. Bettas will also nip (bite) the fins of some fish. If a male betta engages with an opponent male, the betta will make his fins flare up, position his gill covers outwards, and move his tail in a lateral beating movement. They can also get aggressive if they see their own reflection. 

Colleges and universities in Texas

This is a list of colleges and universities in Texas:



Through the Fire and Flames

"Through the Fire and Flames" is the first single from the British power metal band DragonForce. The song is the first one from DragonForce’s third album, "Inhuman Rampage". It features two quick guitar solos by Herman Li and Sam Totman. It was released on August 3, 2006. 

During the recording of the song, guitarist Herman Li broke one of his guitar strings. The band chose to keep this recording and left it on the final album version. The album version was recorded in sections and put together to make the final song. 

The song was used in DragonForce's first music video. The length of the song was cut to 5 minutes and 1 second for the video.

This song appears in two Guitar Hero games, Guitar Hero III and . In Guitar Hero 3, it was unlocked after the player finished the game. 

East Asian calligraphy

The East Asian tradition of calligraphy originated and developed in China. The countries that use East Asian calligraphy are China, Japan, Korea and Vietnam.

In calligraphy, paper, ink, brush, ink stone, paperweight, and a desk pad are used.

The special paper used for calligraphy, is made of rice, paper mulberries, bamboo, hemp, etc.

The ink is made from soot and binders. It comes in sticks, and must be rubbed with water on an ink stone. Pre-mixed bottle inks are now available. Pre-mixed bottle inks are for practicing.

The body of the brush can be made of bamboo, or rare materials like red sandalwood, glass, ivory, silver and gold. The head of the brush is made of the hair of animals, like the wolf, rabbit, deer, chicken, duck, goat, pig and tiger, etc.

The ink stone is used to rub the solid ink stick into liquid ink.

They are used to weigh down paper. Paperweights come in several types, and they are collectible works of art.

The desk pad is a pad made out of felt. Students use these desk pads, which are printed with grids on both sides. When placed under the paper, the grid helps to make the words the right size, and ensures correct placement.

Almost all traditionally educated men (and sometimes women) in East Asia are good in calligraphy. The most famous are:


See also 



There are several word styles in calligraphy. Some of them are; Seal Script (often called small seal script), Clerical Script (sometimes called official, draft or scribal script), Semi-cursive Script (also called running script), Cursive Script (sometimes called grass script), Regular Script (often called ‘standard script’), Edomoji, Munjado, and Kao.


Washington Nationals

The Washington Nationals are the professional baseball team based in Washington, D.C., United States. They compete in Major League Baseball (MLB). The Nationals are a member of the Eastern Division of the National League. They are called "The Nats" for short.

From 2005 to 2007, the Nationals played in Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium. The team now plays in Nationals Park, which is in Washington, D.C. along the Anacostia River.

The franchise was founded in 1969 and at that time they played in Montreal, Quebec as the Montreal Expos. They were the first MLB team in Canada and were the only such team until the Toronto Blue Jays began to play in 1977. There was a strong rivalry between these two teams. Since the Expos moved to Washington in 2004, the Blue Jays are now the only team outside the United States.

The Nationals played in their first World Series games in 2019 against the Houston Astros, and they won at 4-3 to clinch their first ever World Series title in their franchise history. The other baseball team from Washington, D.C. recently won the World Series title was in 1924 as Washington Senators.


Catcher

A catcher is a position in baseball. The catcher crouches behind the home plate and catches the ball thrown by the pitcher.

Satin

Satin is a type of cloth that has a glossy surface and a dull back.

Satin is commonly used in baseball jackets, athletic shorts, women's lingerie, nightgowns, and evening gowns. It is also used in some men's boxer shorts, shirts and neckties, bed sheets, and in the making of pointe shoes for use in ballet. Due to its qualities, satin is widely used for the manufacture of bed linen.

Satin was originally woven by the silk weavers in China. As the secrets of silk making were carried westward, splendid satins were woven in Genoa and Florence, then at Lyons and in England in the 15th cent. 

Modern satins are made in a great variety of fibers, including synthetic ones. The term satin now refers to any fabric that is manufactured with a satin weave and is a mixture of silk threads with a synthetic filament, such as rayon or polyester. Silk mixed with short-staple cotton threads is referred to as sateen. Satin fabric is easily recognized by its even, glossy surface and flowing drape.

Dutchess satin is a high thread count, medium-bodied, low luster blended satin that sews easily and benefits from underlining to maintain shape. The extra weight of dutchess satin, as compared to regular satin fabric, lends itself to beading and embroidery. The synthetic component allows the fabric to be machine washed, and makes it last longer. Dutchess satin is used extensively for bridal wear and accessories, due to its pearly sheen and structural stability. The wrinkle-resistant material is also ideal for evening wear and lingerie. 

Charles O. Finley

Charles Oscar Finley (February 22 1918 - February 19 1996), nicknamed Charlie O or Charley O, was an American businessman. He was the owner of the Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball team.


Detroit Wolverines

The Detroit Wolverines were a 19th century Major League Baseball team that played in the National League from 1881 to 1888 in the city of Detroit. They played in Recreation Park when it was started in 1879.


Flannel

Flannel is a soft woven fabric, of various fineness. It usually does not have a nap, and instead gains its softness through the loosely spun yarn it is woven from. It is commonly used to make clothing, bed sheets, and sleepwear.

Flannel was originally made from carded wool or worsted yarn, but is now often made from either wool and cotton, or wool and synthetic fibre.

Flannelette is a light, napped cotton fabric imitating the texture of flannel. The weft is generally coarser than the warp. The flannel-like appearance is created by creating a nap from the weft; scratching it and raising it up. Flannelette can either have long or short nap, and can be napped on only one or two sides. It comes in many colours, both solid and patterned.

Flannel, flannelette and cotton flannel can be woven in either a twill weave or plain weave. The weave is often hidden by napping on one or both sides. After weaving, it is napped once, then bleached, dyed, or otherwise treated, and then napped a second time.

American Association (19th century)

The American Association (AA) was a baseball major league from 1882 to 1891.


The Best Damn Tour: Live in Toronto

The Best Damn Tour – Live in Toronto is a DVD from Avril Lavigne that was recorded in Toronto, Canada on April 7, 2008. The DVD is made up of nineteen songs that Lavigne sang during her "Best Damn Tour". Most of the songs are taken from her third album, "The Best Damn Thing", while two of the songs are cover songs that other artists have sung.

DVD
Encore

Toyota Supra

The Toyota Supra is a sports car made by Toyota. The Supra was called the Celica Supra until 1986, when it became a separate model. Toyota ended the manufacturing of the Supra in the United States in 1998 and Canada in 1995. 

In 2019, the Supra was brought back when they released the GR Supra or A90 Supra (Fifth Generation).

Ana Ivanović

Ana Ivanović ( ) born 6 November 1987) is a Serbian former profesional tennis player. She was the number 1 player for 12 weeks from June to September 2008. She won the French Open in 2008 and came second there in 2007. She also came second at the Australian Open in 2008. She has also played tennis for Serbia in the international tournament called the Fed Cup.

Ivanović is tall, and is famous for the way she plays. She is best known for her powerful serve. Although she is Serbian, Ivanović currently lives in Basel, Switzerland. As of January 2015, she has earned over $13 million during her tennis career. Outside tennis, she is interested in clothes and fashion, and is an ambassador for the worldwide charity for children, UNICEF.

In December 2016, Ivanović announced her retirement from pro tennis.

Ivanović was born in Belgrade in Serbia (which used to be in Yugoslavia). She watched tennis on television when she was five years old, and said, "I loved watching tennis on television, particularly Monica Seles." While she was growing up, the country was bombed by NATO, so she had to arrange her training to avoid this. She would even practice tennis in an empty swimming pool during the winter. When she was 14 years old, she was asked what she dreamed of in tennis, she replied "To become the No. 1 magic player in the world." Her Serbian tennis teacher introduced her to a Swiss businessman who agreed to hire a coach and pay for Ivanović's training in Switzerland.

Her father, Miroslav, and brother, Miros, watch some of Ana's matches on television, but her mother, Dragana, goes to all of them. Ivanović and her mother, who Ivanović describes as her "best friend," live in Basel, Switzerland. Her uncle lives in Australia where Ivanović is very popular. She is studying for a degree in finance at a Belgrade university, and is learning to speak Spanish.

In 2007 she became an ambassador for the international charitable organization UNICEF, saying "I'm also looking forward to going into the classroom and meeting many kids". Ivanović is also interested in fashion–she has modelled clothes and says "...I love to shop..."

In September 2014, she began to date German professional footballer Bastian Schweinsteiger. The couple married on 12 July 2016 in Venice and has two sons.

Ivanović plays tennis holding her racket in her right hand. She also uses both hands on the racket when hitting her backhand shots. She can hit her shots from the baseline (the back of the tennis court) but is also good at volleys. Because she is very tall () she can serve the ball very fast. She hit a serve at the French Open in 2007, the fifth fastest serve of all time on the WTA Tour. However, her serve has become unreliable, mostly because of problems with her toss of the ball. She also has a strong wrist which means she can hide what kind of serve she is going to use until the last moment. She will often shout ""Ajde!"" (""Come on!"" in Serbian) during her matches.

Ivanović played in the junior version of Wimbledon in 2004. She lost the game to Ukrainian player Kateryna Bondarenko. She became a professional tennis player in August 2003. She finished the 2004 tennis season as one of the top 100 female players in the world. In 2005, Ivanović won her first title in the Women's Tennis Association (WTA). She won that game in Canberra, Australia. She beat Hungarian player Melinda Czink. She finished 2005 in the world top 20. She beat Martina Hingis from Switzerland at the Rogers Cup in Montreal in 2006. She also won her only title in doubles competition with Maria Kirilenko in Holland. Hingis got revenge for losing in Montreal by beating Ivanović in the final of the Toray Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo, Japan, in February 2007. Ivanović won her third WTA title by beating Russian player Svetlana Kuznetsova in the German Masters tournament in Berlin in May 2007.

She got to the final of her first Grand Slam tournament in 2007 in the French Open, but she lost to Justine Henin from Belgium. She said that losing that match was her worst moment on a tennis court. Ivanović ended that year as one of the ten best female players in the world. In the following season, she got to the final of the Australian Open where she lost to Maria Sharapova. After the final she was the second best female player in the world. In March 2008, Ivanović beat Svetlana Kuznetsova again in another final at Indian Wells in California.

She won the French Open in 2008 by beating Russian player Dinara Safina 2–0 in the final in Paris. Her prize for winning was a trophy and €1 million. She was the best female tennis player in the world after winning that trophy. She was the first Serbian to be the world's top player. After she won the tournament, she had a "welcome home" party in Belgrade and dinner with the President of Serbia. In June 2008, Ivanović was expected to win the Wimbledon Championships, but lost in the third round. Since then, she has failed to make it past the fourth round in any Major competition.

Ivanović has also played tennis for Serbia in an international competition called the Fed Cup. As of October 2011, she has played 20 matches and won 14 of them.

The following table shows how far Ivanović progressed in each of the Grand Slam tournaments she has played in.

This table shows how much money Ivanović has been paid each year, and it also shows how much she was paid compared to all other female tennis players in the world.

Ivanović is also sponsored by sportswear company Adidas and racket manufacturer company Yonex. She and Maria Sharapova were in a television advertisement to increase interest in women's tennis. In April 2008, her official website was visited over 40 million times, more than any other female athlete.



Colleges and universities in North Carolina

This is a list of colleges and universities in North Carolina:

The University of North Carolina has another member school, the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics. However, it is not a college or university, but rather a two-year high school for gifted North Carolina students in the stated subjects.


Women's Tennis Association

The Women's Tennis Association (WTA), formed in 1973 by Billie Jean King, is the main organizing body of women's professional tennis. It organizes the WTA Tour, the worldwide professional tennis tour for women. The WTA's counterpart organization for men's professional tennis is the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).

The WTA was formed in the month of June 1973, and is able to trace its beginnings back to Houston, Texas, with the first Virginia Slims tournament, which was organized by Gladys Heldman and held in September 1970. The WTA gives out awards every year for players who have done well during the season. The WTA is based in St. Petersburg, Florida.


Grand Slam (tennis)

The four Grand Slam tournaments, also known as The Majors, are the most important tennis tournaments. This is due to the world ranking points players can earn, their tradition, the prize-money, and public and media attention.


Colleges and universities in Kentucky

This is a list of colleges and universities in Kentucky:



Colleges and universities in Mississippi

This is a list of colleges and universities in Mississippi:

Lewis Hamilton

Sir Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton MBE (born 7 January 1985 in Stevenage, Hertfordshire, England) is a British Formula One racing driver, currently racing for the Mercedes AMG Petronas team. A seven-time World Champion, he is often regarded as one of the greatest F1 drivers in history. He announced on March 14th, 2022 that he is in the process of adding Larbalestier to his name to honour his mother Carmen Larbalestier. It is unclear if he intends to race under the name Larbalestier as of yet but many believe he intends to race as Lewis Hamilton-Larbalesteir for the 2022 Formula One Season, with the exception of 2022 Bahrain Grand Prix due to legal proceedings not being complete. 

Hamilton won the British Formula Renault, Formula Three Euroseries, and GP2 championships as his racing career advanced. He became an F1 driver for McLaren-Mercedes in , making his Formula One debut (first race) 12 years after his first meeting with Ron Dennis. Hamilton comes from a mixed-race background, with a black father and white mother. He is often labelled one of "the first black driver in Formula One".

In his first season in Formula One, Hamilton set many racing records. He finished second in the 2007 FIA Formula One World Championship, just one point behind Kimi Räikkönen. He won his first World Championship the next season by one point ahead of Felipe Massa, overtaking Timo Glock on the final lap in Brazil. He signed for Mercedes at the end of 2012 to race for them in the 2013 season. Hamilton has gone on to win five more World Championships, all with the Mercedes team, becoming the most successful British driver in Formula One history.

On 1 February 2024, Hamilton and Mercedes announced that they would be parting at the end of the season. Hamilton would sign a multi-year contract to drive for Ferrari starting in 2025. 
Hamilton was born at Lister Hospital in Stevenage, England, He was named after American sprinter Carl Lewis. His mother, Carmen Larbalestier (now Carmen Lockhart) is British. His father's parents emigrated from Grenada to the United Kingdom in the 1950s. Hamilton's parents separated when he was two. At first he lived with his mother. When Hamilton was twelve, he started living with his father, Anthony. Hamilton was raised Roman Catholic.
Hamilton's first taste of racing came at radio-controlled cars. His father bought him one in 1991, and Hamilton did well. Hamilton started kart racing when he was six. His father bought him his first go-kart as a Christmas present. His father said he would support his racing as long as he worked hard at school. To support his son Anthony had to take extra jobs, but he found enough time to attend all of Hamilton's races.

In October 2007, Hamilton announced his intention to live in Switzerland. He said this was to avoid the media scrutiny in the United Kingdom. Hamilton later admitted on the television show "Parkinson", that taxation was part of the reason for his decision. Hamilton was publicly criticised by UK MPs, including Liberal Democrat MP Bob Russell, for avoiding UK taxes. He settled in Luins in Vaud canton on Lake Geneva.
On 18 December 2007, Hamilton was suspended from driving in France for one month. He had been caught speeding at on a French motorway. His Mercedes-Benz CLK was also impounded. Two days before the Australian Grand Prix, Victoria Police witnessed Hamilton "deliberately losing traction" in his silver Mercedes, and impounded the car for 48 hours. Hamilton immediately released a statement of apology for "driving in an over-exuberant manner". In May 2010, Hamilton was charged with intentionally losing control of a vehicle.

Hamilton was awarded an MBE by the Queen in the 2009 New Year Honours.

Hamilton began karting in 1993 at the age of eight. He quickly began winning races and class championships. At the age of ten he approached McLaren F1 team boss Ron Dennis for an autograph. He told him, "Hi. I'm Lewis Hamilton. I won the British Championship and one day I want to be racing your F1 cars." Dennis wrote in his autograph book, "Phone me in nine years, we'll sort something out then." Hamilton made good progress through the karting ranks. Ron Dennis signed Hamilton to the McLaren driver development program. This contract included an option of a future F1 seat. Hamilton would become the youngest ever driver to secure a contract which led in an F1 racing position.

In 2001, Michael Schumacher made a one-time return to karts and competed against Hamilton along with other future F1 drivers Vitantonio Liuzzi and Nico Rosberg. Hamilton ended the final in seventh, four places behind Schumacher. Although the two saw little of each other on the track Schumacher praised the young Briton (see quote box).

Hamilton began his car racing career in the 2001 Formula Renault UK Winter Series. He finished fifth overall in the winter series. This led to full Formula Renault UK seasons in 2002 and 2003. Hamilton finished 2002 in third place. In 2003 he won the championship with ten wins and 419 points. Since he had enough points to win the championship, Hamilton missed the last two races of the season. He made his debut in the British Formula Three Championship at the season finale. He did show his speed at both the Macau Grand Prix and Korea Super Prix. In Korea, he qualified on pole position in his first visit to the track. It was only his fourth F3 race.

Hamilton made his debut in the Formula 3 Euro Series in 2004. Hamilton ended the year fifth in the championship. He first tested for McLaren in late 2004 at Silverstone.

Hamilton moved to the Euro Series champions ASM for the 2005 season. He dominated the championship, winning 15 of the 20 rounds. He also won the Marlboro Masters of Formula 3 at Zandvoort.

With his success in Formula Three, Hamilton moved to GP2 for the 2006 season. He won the GP2 championship at his first attempt, beating Nelson Piquet, Jr. and Timo Glock.

His 2006 GP2 championship happened at the same time there was a vacancy at McLaren. Juan Pablo Montoya left Formula on to race in NASCAR, and Kimi Räikkönen left to join Ferrari. Hamilton was confirmed as the team's second driver. He would be paired with defending champion Fernando Alonso for the season. He was told of McLaren's decision on 30 September. The news was not made public until 24 November. McLaren was afraid the news would be overshadowed by Michael Schumacher's retirement announcement.

Hamilton's first season in Formula One saw him partner two-time and defending World Champion Fernando Alonso. Hamilton is the first and, , the only black driver to race in the series. After finishing on the podium in his debut, Hamilton went on to set several records as he finished runner-up in the World Drivers' Championship to Kimi Räikkönen by one point, including those for the most consecutive podium finishes from debut (9), the joint most wins in a debut season (4) and the most points in a debut season (109). Throughout the season, Hamilton and Alonso were involved in a number of incidents which resulted in tensions between both drivers and the team, culminating in Alonso and McLaren terminating their contract by mutual consent in November. Following a successful first season at McLaren, Hamilton signed a multi-million-pound contract to stay with the team until 2012.
Hamilton's success continued in 2008 as he amassed five victories and ten podium finishes. As the season reached its conclusion in Brazil, it became a clear two-way fight for the title between the home favourite Felipe Massa and the young Briton. Hamilton won his first title in dramatic fashion in the last race of the season, the 2008 Brazilian Grand Prix, overtaking Timo Glock for fifth position in the final corners of the last lap to become the then-youngest Formula One World Champion in history and to deny race-winner Massa the title by one point. This made Hamilton the first British driver to win the World Championship since Damon Hill in 1996.
In his last four years with McLaren, Hamilton continued to score podium finishes and race victories. Hamilton entered the final round of the season with a chance of winning the title, but ultimately finished fourth as Sebastian Vettel won the race to take his maiden drivers' crown. The following year was the first season he had been out-scored by a teammate, as Jenson Button finished runner-up to champion Sebastian Vettel, during a year in which distractions in his private life and run-ins with FIA officials saw Hamilton finish a lowly fifth in the standings, after which he vowed he would return to form for 2012. Hamilton achieved four race-wins in the season as he finished fourth in the standings. Before the end of the year, Hamilton announced, to much surprise, that he would be joining Mercedes for the season, replacing the retiring Michael Schumacher.

Upon signing with Mercedes in , Hamilton was reunited with his childhood karting teammate, Nico Rosberg. The move was met with surprise by pundits and the public, with some describing the move to Mercedes, a team with no recent history of success, as a gamble. In his first season with the Silver Arrows, Hamilton secured a sole race victory, winning the , where he converted an unexpected pole position into a winning margin of over 11 seconds ahead of second-place finisher Kimi Räikkönen, alongside a number of podium finishes and pole positions, finishing fourth in the standings once again, the third time in five years.

Changes to regulations for the season, which mandated the use of turbo-hybrid engines, contributed to the start of a highly successful era for Hamilton. That year saw Mercedes win 16 of the 19 races that season, 11 of those secured by Hamilton as he prevailed in a season-long duel for the title against teammate Rosberg. Clinching his second drivers' title, and eclipsing the victory tally of all British drivers before him, Hamilton declared over team-radio after the final race in Abu Dhabi: "This is the greatest day of my life." New driver number regulations brought in for 2014 allowed drivers to pick a unique car number to use for their entire career, and so Hamilton elected to drive under his old karting No. 44 for the remainder of his career.

Before the start of the season, Hamilton announced he would not be exercising his option of switching his car number to 1, as was his prerogative as reigning World Champion, and would instead continue to race with his career No. 44. It was the first season since , when Alain Prost retired from the sport following his fourth and final World Drivers' Championship title in , that the field did not contain a car bearing the No. 1. Hamilton dominated the season, winning ten races finishing on the podium a record seventeen times as he matched his hero Ayrton Senna's three World Championships titles. The rivalry between him and Rosberg intensified, climaxing in a heated battle at the US Grand Prix where Hamilton won in an action-packed, wheel-to-wheel battle with his teammate to clinch the title with three races to spare. That year, Hamilton extended his contract with Mercedes for three additional years in a deal reportedly worth more than £100 million, making him one of the best-paid drivers in Formula One, as well as allowing Hamilton to retain his own image rights, which is considered unusual in the sport, and keep his championship-winning cars and trophies.

Despite recording more pole positions and race wins than any other driver in , Hamilton lost the drivers' title by five points to his teammate, Rosberg. The team's policy of letting the pair fight freely led to several acrimonious exchanges both on and off the track, culminating in Hamilton defying team-orders at the season finale in Abu Dhabi and deliberately slowing to back Rosberg into the chasing pack at the end of the race in an unsuccessful bid to encourage other drivers to overtake his teammate, which would have allowed him to win the title. Ultimately, a succession of poor starts from Hamilton early in the season and a crucial engine blowout in Malaysia meant Rosberg took the title, which he successfully secured before announcing his shock retirement from the sport immediately after beating his rival.

Following Rosberg's retirement, Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel became Hamilton's closest rival as the pair exchanged the championship lead throughout in a tense title fight. Hamilton registered 11 pole positions that season as he took the record for the all-time most pole positions, and his consistency (finishing every race in the points), as well as a lack of a serious challenge from his new teammate Valtteri Bottas, saw him record nine race victories and secure his fourth World Drivers' title as he overturned a points deficit to Vettel in the first half of the season, ultimately wrapping the title up in Mexico with two races to spare.
The season was the first time that two four-time World Champions, Hamilton and Vettel, would be competing for a fifth title and was billed as the "Fight for Five" by journalists and fans. As with the season before, Ferrari and Vettel appeared to have the upper hand for much of the season, topping the standings until the half-way point. However, Vettel's season unravelled with a number of driver and mechanical errors, while Hamilton's run of six wins in seven in the latter half of the season saw Hamilton clinch the title in Mexico for a second year running as he set a new record for the most points scored in a season (408). During the season, Hamilton signed a two-year contract with Mercedes, reported to be worth up to £40 million per year, making him the best-paid Formula One driver in history.

Having signed a contract with Mercedes that lasted until 2020, it was confirmed Hamilton would defend his title in . Hamilton led the drivers' standings for the majority of the season, fending off title challenges from team-mate Bottas, the Honda-powered Red Bull of Verstappen and Ferrari's recently promoted Leclerc, to clinch his sixth drivers' crown at the 2019 United States Grand Prix with two races remaining. After scoring his sixth career grand slam in the final race of the season, Hamilton ended the season with 11 wins (matching his previous best in 2014 and 2018) and 17 podiums (matching the all-time record for a fourth time) as well as achieving 5 pole positions. His total of 413 points for the season was a new all-time record, seeing the Briton finish 87 points clear of second-placed Bottas.

Hamilton won his seventh drivers' title in , equalling the record set by Schumacher, in a season heavily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Over the shortened seventeen-race season, Hamilton took 11 wins (equalling his previous personal best, but in fewer races) including one in Portugal to break Schumacher's record of 91 wins. He also took 14 podiums and 10 pole positions. Hamilton missed the 2020 Sakhir Grand Prix after contracting COVID-19 and replaced to Mercedes test driver George Russell, originally planned replace to Stoffel Vandoorne or Jack Aitken, his first race absence since his debut in 2007. Hamilton clinched the title at the 2020 Turkish Grand Prix with three rounds to spare and ended the season 124 points clear of his team-mate, Bottas, who finished second in the standings. Amid Formula One's "We Race as One" campaign and growing global support for the Black Lives Matter movement, Hamilton took the knee ahead of every race he entered and wore t-shirts bearing the Black Lives Matter slogan. Hamilton and Bottas' W11 cars also sported a black livery as a statement of Mercedes' commitment to diversity.

Early on in the season, Hamilton and Red Bull's Max Verstappen emerged as title favourites. The pair frequently exchanged the championship lead throughout the season—often sparring (and occasionally coming together) on track—and entered the last race in Abu Dhabi level on points. In Abu Dhabi, Verstappen overtook Hamilton on the final lap of the race, denying Hamilton his eighth title. During the season, Hamilton became the first driver to surpass 100 pole positions and 100 race wins, respectively.

The season finale was marred by controversy over race director Michael Masi's decision to instruct only the lapped cars separating Verstappen and Hamilton to un-lap themselves under the safety car, which eliminated any gap between the pair and allowed the Dutchman, running newly fitted soft tyres, to enter the final lap immediately behind Hamilton on his worn hard tyres. Four days after the race, the FIA announced that it would conduct an internal investigation into the incident. Masi was subsequently removed from his role as race director, with the FIA World Motor Sport Council report finding that "human error" resulted in the failure to follow Formula One Sporting Regulations concerning the withdrawal of the safety car, but also that the final standings "are valid, final and cannot now be changed." Notwithstanding the controversy in Abu Dhabi, BBC Sport's Andrew Benson described the season as "one of the most intense, hard-fought battles in sporting history", with Hamilton and Verstappen having "been head and shoulders—and a lot more—clear of every other driver on the grid."

Hamilton is partnered by George Russell for , in place of the departing Bottas. The season saw significant changes in technical regulations which sought to utilise ground effect to generate downforce. During pre-season testing in Bahrain, Mercedes introduced its "zero sidepod" car design, which was radically different to that of its competitors. The Mercedes W13 suffered with extreme porpoising early in the season which limited the car's potential; at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, Hamilton deemed the car "undrivable".

Hamilton won 4 out of 6 races so far in the Spanish Grand Prix. 

Hamilton has matched or set the following records in Formula One:
In his debut season, Hamilton took the record of Youngest World Drivers' Championship runner-up, at 22 years and 288 days, previously held by Kimi Räikkönen at 23 years and 360 days. In 2009, this record was taken by Sebastian Vettel, who was 22 years and 122 days when he secured runner-up position in the championship.

Hamilton is the first driver of black heritage to compete in Formula One (although Willy T. Ribbs tested an F1 car in 1986). He is the first driver of black heritage to win a major race at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in any discipline. In addition, he is the third youngest driver to achieve an F1 pole position, and the fourteenth F1 driver to achieve a podium finish on his debut.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Season still in progress

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Season still in progress.


Todd Bentley

Todd Bentley (born 1976) claims to be a Canadian Evangelical Christian. He practiced as an Evangelist before being denounced. He was one of the main preachers who are part of the Charismatic revival meetings in Lakeland, Florida known as the Florida Healing Outpouring. Attendance at the meetings was as high as 10,000 visitors a night from around the world. Todd Bentley has since been denounced as a false prophet by Christian communities.

When Bently was a child he lived in Gibsons, British Columbia, a small place in west Canada. At the time when Todd Bentley's mother and father stopped being married, Bentley wrote in a book about himself that he made in 2008 called, "The Journey into the Miraculous", that he had problems and did illegal drugs. He also said in this book that he had drank too much alcohol. Bentley said that he changed to believe in Jesus and be a Christian, and when he did that he did not have problems with drugs or drinking alcohol anymore. He became a Christian when he was 18 years old.

Bentley's beliefs are close to the Assemblies of God (AOG) and often speaks at meetings in AOG churches, although he is not under their authority.

Bentley's other beliefs and style are seen as being from "Spiritual Leader" to "False Prophet" by other Christian leaders. He yells 'Bam!' during sermons, He has an unusual appearance for a preacher such as tattoos and piercings.

At greater issue is Bentley's mysticism and spirituality, which is nontraditional for the Pentecostal and Charismatic congregations he serves and counter to others. Two major points of contention are the manner and veracity of the Faith Healing he conducts in his services and an encounter he discusses with an angel that was a harbinger of financial wellbeing. Other major theological debates have arisen from Bentley's references to several trips he has made to Heaven and meetings with the Paul the Apostle. These controversies were highlighted by the media coverage of the Lakeland revival.

Bentley heavily features faith healing, a common feature of the Charismatic movement. His behavior in conducting the healings has come under fire for the violence with which it is sometimes done. Bentley most commonly places his hands on an individual's head or area of infirmity but sometimes has more violently kicked out or hit the volunteer while calling out for the power of God to descend. In response, some people may stand and physically tremble, while others may literally fall down to the ground in what they call "falling under the power" of the Holy Spirit. The medical corroboration of both the injuries sustained by healings and the healings themselves has been a common topic of dissension in the media.

A controversy surrounds his alleged encounter with an angel he called 'Emma' at an AOG church in 2001. Bentley stated that the female angel gave him a vision of gold dust, and afterwards he received a breakthrough in terms of financial stability. Among Assembly of God congregants, especially, there was debate about whether such a professed encounter was in line with AOG doctrine as set out in the 16 Fundamental Truths The most persistent challenge was twofold; whether the experience of a specifically female angel who prophesied financial well-being was a Biblically recognized phenomenon, and whether preaching about such an encounter was theologically responsible - would it bring converts to worship such an angel rather than the God who sent her? Bentley has argued that it was God's choice, and not his own, that an angel appeared to him in that manner.


NCAA Division I

Division I is the highest level of college sports in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) in the United States. Its schools generally have the biggest budgets, the best facilities, and offer more their students more athletic scholarships than Divisions II and III.

Below is a list of sports conferences belonging to Division I:



These conferences only play football:

These conferences do not play football, but do play basketball:

This conference plays more than one sport, but does not play either football or basketball:

These conferences only play ice hockey:

The only Division I all-sports conference that plays either men's or women's ice hockey is the Big Ten. It started a men's hockey league in 2013–14.

The Ivy League technically sponsors ice hockey for both men and women, but does not hold a championship tournament. All Ivy League schools that play ice hockey play in Hockey East. The Ivy League determines its champion from results of ECAC Hockey games that involve two Ivy members.

These conferences only play water polo. Two run men's and women's leagues, and the other runs only a women's league.

One conference competes only in wrestling:

These conferences play only one sport:

In some sports, the NCAA does not split schools into divisions because only a small number of schools play a given sport. Technically, conferences in these sports are not Division I. However, most of the schools in these conferences are in Division I in other sports.

These conferences only play men's volleyball (note that women's volleyball is split into divisions):

This conference only plays women's beach volleyball:

These conferences only compete in skiing:

These conferences only compete in gymnastics:

These conferences only compete in rifle shooting:

This conference only does fencing:

NCAA Division II

Division II is the middle division of competition in the National Collegiate Athletic Association. It is less competitive and less expensive than Division I, but more competitive than Division III, which offers no athletic scholarships. Divisions II and III were previously known togther as the NCAA College Division.

This is a list of Division II athletics (or sports) conferences:

These conferences do not play football:

These conferences play only one or two sports. Note that the NCAA treats swimming and diving as a single sport. Also, the NCAA counts men's and women's teams in the same sport as playing two different sports.

NCAA Division III

Division III is a division of the National Collegiate Athletic Association of the United States. The division is made up of colleges and universities that choose not to offer their students athletic scholarships.

This is a list of athletics conferences that belong to this division, divided into several groups by sports sponsorship:





Atlantic Coast Conference

The Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) is one of the major college sports conferences in the United States. It was formed in 1953 by a group of seven colleges and universities that left the Southern Conference.

Starting with the 2023–24 school year, the only sport in which the conference's members are split into groups—the Atlantic and Coastal Divisions—is baseball. The Atlantic–Coastal split was also used in football before the 2023 season.

Notre Dame does not play football in the ACC; in that sport, it remains an "independent" school that does not play in a conference. However, it has agreed to play five of its 12 regular-season games each year against other ACC schools. Syracuse does not have a baseball team; Notre Dame takes its place in the Atlantic Division for that sport.

Amid a major NCAA conference realignment in the early 2020s, the ACC announced on September 1, 2023 that it would add three new members for the 2024–25 school year. Two are leaving the Pac-12 Conference, which will effectively fold at the end of the 2023–24 school year, and the other is leaving the American Athletic Conference.

Two schools have left the ACC:

As of the 2023–24 school year, the ACC holds championships in 28 sports. Thirteen of these are men's sports and 15 are women's sports. One sport, fencing, has separate ACC men's and women's team championships, but has a single coeducational (men's and women's) NCAA team championship.


Keir Hardie

James Keir Hardie (15 August 1856 – 26 September 1915) was a Scottish socialist and labour leader, and was the first independent labour Member of Parliament (MPs) in the UK Parliament, seven years before the start of the Labour Party.

He was born in Newhouse, Lanarkshire. He worked as a coal miner, but his bosses stopped him from working when he made a union. He became a politician, and was elected to (chosen for) parliament in 1892. At first he was a Liberal, but he was interested in making a working class party. He started the Independent Labour Party in 1893, and what became the modern Labour party in 1900. He died in Glasgow following a series of strokes.



Southeastern Conference

The Southeastern Conference (SEC) is an American college athletic conference located primarily in the South Central and Southeastern United States. The conference has 14 members. It is a part of the NCAA's Division I.

Since July 1, 2012, there are 14 members, with Vanderbilt being the only private university. It will expand on July 1, 2024, making the Southeastern Conference have 16 members.

On July 27, 2021, Oklahoma and Texas told the SEC they wanted to be a part of the conference. On July 29, 2021, the presidents of the current 14 schools of the SEC all voted in agreement to give an offer to Oklahoma and Texas. On July 30, 2021, both future SEC schools voted to accept the invitation, and then were set to join the SEC at the start of the 2025–26 school year. Oklahoma and Texas would later reach a buyout agreement with the Big 12 that allowed them to join the SEC in July 2024.

Fausto Coppi

Angelo Fausto Coppi (15 September 1919 – 2 January 1960) was an Italian racing cyclist. He was born in Castellania. He was one of the most successful and most popular cyclists of all time. He won the Tour de France twice, in 1949 and 1952. He won the Giro d'Italia five times, in 1940, 1947, 1949, 1952 and 1953. He also held the World Hour record (the farthest cycled in one hour) from 1942 to 1956.

He fought in the Second World War. He was a prisoner of war of the British. It is possible that Coppi could have won many more races in the five years that were lost because of the war. Coppi died of malaria in Tortoni in 1960 at the age of 40.



Hurricane Hazel

Hurricane Hazel was the worst hurricane of the 1954 Atlantic hurricane season and one of the worst hurricanes of the 20th century. Hazel killed as many as 1,000 people in Haiti before striking the United States just south of Wilmington, North Carolina as a Category 4 hurricane. 19 people were killed in North Carolina, and 81 people were killed when it hit Toronto, Ontario. It is the strongest hurricane ever recorded to strike so far inland.

Miguel Induráin

Miguel Ángel Indurain Larraya (born July 16, 1964) is a Spanish retired road racing cyclist. He was a professional cyclist from 1985 to 1996. He was the first person to win the Tour de France five times in a row from 1991 to 1995. He also won the Giro d'Italia two times, in 1992 and 1993. In 1994, he cycled 53.040 kilometres in one hour, which was a new hour record. He also won the Olympic Gold medal for the time trial in 1996.

Indurain was very good at time trials. In the five Tours de France that he won, he only won two stages that were not time trials. He finished time trials much quicker than other cyclists, so he did not need to attack in mountain stages. In the 1996 Tour de France, he had a bad cold and he could not win. He retired later in 1997.






Shimon Peres

Shimon Peres (; born Szymon Perski; 2 August 1923 – 28 September 2016) was a Polish-born Israeli statesman. He was the President of the State of Israel. Peres served twice as the Prime Minister of Israel. He also served as Interim Prime Minister twice. Peres has been a member of 12 cabinets. His political career spanned over 66 years.
He was one of three leaders who shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1994. The others were Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat. All three got the prizes for trying to make peace in the Middle East.

On September 13, 2016, Peres, aged 93, suffered a severe stroke and was hospitalized in Ramat Gan, Israel. He had suffered a massive brain hemorrhage. Two days later, he was reported as being in a serious but stable condition. However, on September 26, an examination found damage to his brainstem. He died on September 28 of complications from the stroke.

His cousin was the American Hollywood actress Lauren Bacall. Their fathers were brothers.



 

Ehud Olmert

Ehud Olmert, Hebrew: אהוד אולמרט , (born 30 September 1945 in Binyamina) is an Israeli lawyer and former politician. He was Prime Minister of Israel.

Olmert was a Member of Knesset from 1974 to 2009, with an interruption from 1999 to 2003. He was also mayor of Jerusalem from 1993 to 2003.

In 2006 he switched from Likud to newly formed Kadima. He was the head of Kadima until September 2008.

He was the 12th Prime Minister of Israel between 14 April 2006 and 31 March 2009, succeeding Ariel Sharon and succeeded by Benjamin Netanyahu.

From February 2016 till July 2017, Olmert was spending time in prison because of a felony conviction of breach of trust and bribery.


Kadima

Kadima, Hebrew: קדימה‎‎ - "Forward", is an Israeli political party. 

Its ideology is centrist liberal, and Zionist. 

Kadima believed in both Israel's security and continuing the peace process, and supported negotiating an agreement for peace with the Palestinians, but is de facto defunct.

Kadima was founded on November 24, 2005 by Ariel Sharon, as a splitting from Likud.

Number of seats in the 20th Knesset: / (-2).

Svetlana Kuznetsova

Svetlana Aleksandrovna Kuznetsova (Cyrillic: ; born June 27, 1985) is a Russian professional tennis player who is currently ranked World No. 4. She won the US Open singles title in 2004 and was the runner-up in singles at the French Open in 2006 and the US Open in 2007, losing both finals to Justine Henin in straight sets.

Jacques Anquetil

Jacques Anquetil (8 January 1934 – 18 November 1987), was a French road racing cyclist. He was the first cyclist to win the Tour de France five times, in 1957 and from 1961 to 1964. Anquetil was very good at riding time trials, and this helped him to win grand tours. He also won the Giro d'Italia in 1960 and 1964, and the Vuelta a España in 1963. This made him the first cyclist to win all three grand tours. In 1956 he rode 46.159 kilometres in one hour, making a new hour record.

Anquetil was born in Mont-Saint-Aigan. He died of stomach cancer in Rouen. 






Hour record

The hour record for bicycles is the record for the longest length rode in one hour on a bicycle. The first recorded hour record was in 1876 when F. L. Dodds rode 26.508 kilometres on a penny-farthing bicycle. Many people since then have tried to be the fastest. People trying to break the record have helped to change bicycle designs.

In 1972, the Belgian cyclist Eddy Merckx set a record of 49.431 kilometres. It was the record for twelve years. Since that time technology has allowed much more aerodynamic bicycle designs. The Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), has made his design standard for their competitions. There is now another record, the International Human Powered Vehicle Association (IHVA) hour record, for other designs. The hour record for regular bicycles is called the UCI record. 

Ondřej Sosenka holds the UCI hour record at 49.700 kilometres. Sam Whittingham holds the IHVA hour record at 86.752 kilometres.

Billie Jean King Cup

The Billie Jean King Cup is the premier team competition in women's tennis, launched in 1963 as the Federation Cup to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the International Tennis Federation (ITF). The competition name changed to Fed Cup in 1995, and then to its current name, honoring American tennis great and women's rights advocate Billie Jean King, in September 2020.

Kateryna Bondarenko

The younger sister of Alyona Bondarenko, she was born in Kryvyi Rih, Ukraine, then part of the Soviet Union. She plays right-handed and turned pro in 2000.

Port Arthur

Port Arthur may refer to: 


Other

Melinda Czink

Melinda Czink (born October 22, 1982 in Budapest) is a Hungarian professional female tennis player. On March 1, 2004 Czink reached her career-high singles ranking of World No. 64.

Maria Kirilenko

Maria Yuryevna Kirilenko (; born 25 January 1987 in Moscow, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian professional tennis player. She won her first WTA Tour title in 2005, defeating Anna-Lena Grönefeld 6–3, 6–4 in the China Open. Kirilenko reached #19, her career-high singles ranking, on the WTA tour in June 2008. She is a good friend of Maria Sharapova. She is affectionately called Makiri.

Alberto Contador

Alberto Contador Velasco (born 6 December 1982 in Madrid) is a Spanish road racing cyclist for the Astana Team. He won the 2007 Tour de France riding for the Discovery Channel team. He also won the 2008 Giro d'Italia riding for Astana. Contador is very good at climbing mountains.

Contador became a professional in 2003. In 2004 he started to have headaches. A few days later, while he was racing, he crashed and went to hospital. There, doctors found a problem with a blood vessel in his brain. He needed some dangerous surgery, and needed many months to recover (get better). In 2005 he was healthy, and rode in his first Tour de France. He finished in 31st place. 

In 2006 his team had some trouble. A doctor in Spain had given drugs to athletes to help them to win. Some cyclists on Contador's team had worked with the doctor. The police wanted to check to see if Contador had taken drugs. As a result, Contador could not enter the 2006 Tour de France. Later the police decided that Contador had not taken drugs from the doctor. The case about the doctor was called the Operación Puerto doping case, and caused many problems in cycling.

Contador had to find a new team. In January 2007, he joined the Discovery Channel team, and won the famous Paris-Nice race in March. In the Tour de France, he won the 14th stage, and was second in the race to Michael Rasmussen. Rasmussen had to leave the race because he had not been honest about where he was training before the race. Because of this, Contador wore the yellow jersey, meaning he was in first place in the race, from stage 18. In stage 19, a time trial, he did not lose too much time, and started the last stage with a 23 seconds lead over Cadel Evans in second place. Evans and Contador finished with the same time, so Contador won the 2007 Tour de France.

The Discovery Channel Team stopped racing at the end of 2007, and Contador joined the Astana Team. This was the same team he had worked for in 2005, but with a new name and new people managing it. However, the group running the Tour de France decided that Astana could not join the 2008 Tour de France. One week before the 2008 Giro d'Italia, the group running it invited the Astana team to join. The team did not have much time to prepare (get ready), but Contador became the leader of the race on the 15th stage. He wore the maglia rosa (pink leader's jersey) until the finish in Milan. This meant that Contador had won his second grand tour.


Dinara Safina

Dinara Mikhailovna Safina (), born April 27, 1986) is a Russian professional tennis player of Tatar ethnicity. She was born in Moscow, Russia. She is the younger sister of former world number one men's player, Marat Safin.

She was coached by Glen Schaap, former trainer of Nadia Petrova. Her new coach is Željko Krajan. Her mother, Rauza Islanova used to be her trainer when she was younger and still gives advice to Dinara. Dinara Safina's father is director of the Spartak tennis club in Moscow. She has won one Grand Slam title, the women's double title at the 2007 U.S. Open with her partner Nathalie Dechy. She also reached the final of the French Open in 2008, losing to current World No. 1 Ana Ivanović.

Alejandro Valverde

Alejandro Valverde Belmonte (born April 25, 1980) is a Spanish road racing cyclist. He rides for the Caisse d'Epargne team. Valverde won the Liège-Bastogne-Liège race in 2006 and 2008. He was second in the 2006 Vuelta a España and sixth in the 2007 Tour de France. He won the 2008 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré, an important race before the 2008 Tour de France. This means that many people think he will do well in the Tour. 

Valverde is a strong climber, sprinter and time trialist.

All results were voided from 31 May, because of the suspension backdated to 1 January.

Grand Tour general classification results timeline:

WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

This table shows Valverde's classics results.

Time trial

In many racing sports an athlete will compete (take part) in a time trial. This is when the athlete races over a course as fast as he can. In cross country skiing and biathlon competitions, a skier will start every 30 to 60 seconds. These are called interval starts. In cycling a time trial (TT) can be a single track race, or an individual time trial on the road. Time trials are often a part of a stage race, for example the Tour de France.
In a team time trial in cycling, a team of riders will race together. A group can ride faster than just one rider because riders following the leader are sheltered from the wind. 

In rowing, time trial races, where the boats start every 10 to 20 seconds, are usually called "head races".


Markhor

The markhor ("Capra falconeri") is a large goat. It is found in woodland in Central Asia, Karakoram and the Western Himalayas, this is the National Animal of Pakistan. 

Markhor are 65 to 115 centimetres tall at the shoulder. They usually weigh from 40 to 110 kilograms. Females are a tan colour with a white underbelly and a pattern of black and white on the legs. Males are a lighter tan colour with the same white underbelly and pattern on the legs. Males also have a black face and lots of long white fur on their neck and chest which can grow down to their knees. Both males and females have corkscrew-shaped horns which can grow up to 160 cm / 64 inches long in males, and up to 25 cm / 10 inches in females.

Markhor live in places 500 to 3500 metres (1,500 to 11,000 feet) high, where they eat grass, leaves. Markhor often stand on their back legs to reach the top leaves of trees. Markhor are active (move around more) in the early morning and late afternoon. Females gather in herds (groups) of up to nine animals. Males usually live alone.

The markhor is the National animal of Pakistan. The word "Markhor" is Persian for "Snake Eater". They live in Pakistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Indian Kashmir Valley. In Pakistan, they live in the Chitral, Ghizar and Hunza regions. There are fewer markhor left because human beings take livestock to eat grass in the places where the markhor lives. Other people have killed the markhor for its horns. As of 2012, the IUCN said there were probably 2,500 markhor left in the wild.


She's So Unusual

She's So Unusual is the first solo album by the famous American 1980s pop singer Cyndi Lauper. It was released in 1983. It included the popular single, "Girls Just Want to Have Fun".

Betta

Betta is a genus of fish. "Betta splendens" is a common species of this genus. "Betta" are very brightly coloured. They can be bought in a local pet store. Other species of betta are more rare. The males often show their aggression at other males as well as females by flaring at one another. Betta are surface breathers. They breathe air from the surface to make a bubble nest which attracts the female for mating. Betta fishes are found in small water bodies. These bodies of water are full of fallen leaf litter and peat that gives the Betta many places to hide. 

Before mating, put two tanks near each other for a few days and put them together in the tank. The male betta breathes air from the surface to make a bubble nest. This nest attracts the female for breeding. Once the nest is complete, the male Betta will try to get a female Betta to lay her eggs by showing his fins and dancing around her. After that, the male betta will keep annoying and bullying the female betta. This shows that the male is stronger than the female. It also makes the female betta fish tired. A healthy and strong female betta will lay the eggs several days later. At that time, the male will help the female by pressing on the female's belly to squeeze out the eggs. It takes several days to lay all of the eggs. Once the female Betta lays her eggs in the nest, the male Betta will fertilize them by releasing his sperm over the eggs.

The least need 20-cubed tanks for a living, do not put a male betta together they will fight until one of them dies. We can put female bettas together.

There are a lot of types that are not found, and many people are making new breeds so it is currently progressing. Some types of betta fish have colorful types, but many betta fish have only one or two colors. There are two types, one is a long fin and the other one is a short fin.

-Brine shrimp

-Mosquito larvae

-Small fly larvae

-Common water fleas (Daphnia)

-Types of worm (white worm, blood worm, glass worm)

-Brine shrimp

-Fruit flies

-Fruit (mango, banana, melon)

-Chicken

-Fresh seafood (raw)

Palaeobettidae is an extinct family of freshwater anabantiform fish.

Lichtenstein, Saxony

Lichtenstein is a small town in Saxony. It is between Zwickau and Chemnitz. Lichtenstein has the second name "Stadt im grünen" (engl. "town in green"). Lichtenstein has several sights. There are 7 museums, 2 theaters, 1 castle and 7 nature parcs. The most famous museum of Lichtenstein is the "Miniwelt". There are many world sights in small, for example the statue of Liberty. As of December 2011, 12,613 people live there.

Lichtenstein consists of 3 parts the main town, Lichtenstein and the two small villages "Heinrichsort" and "Rödlitz".

Neighbour towns are Bernsdorf, Glauchau, St. Egidien, Mülsen, Hohndorf and Oelsnitz.

Lichtenstein was founded in 1212. The church of St. Laurentius, one of two churches, was build in 1261. In the 12th century was built the castle of Lichtenstein. The "Schönburgs" live there until 1945.

The council consists of 22 councillors and the mayor.

Wolgang Sedner is the mayor of Lichtenstein, since 1990. He won the last vote in June 2008 in the second ballot.



Otogizōshi

Otogizōshi are a group of short stories with pictures, written in Japan, mostly in the period between 1392 and 1573. There are about 350 of these stories. They are about many different things: love, religion, fighting, humor, and other things. The "otogizōshi" were often read to an audience.


Salem, Massachusetts

Salem is a city in Essex County, in Massachusetts. It was home of the Salem Witch Trials of 1692.

Deval Patrick

Deval Laurdine Patrick (born July 31, 1956) is an American politician. He was elected to be the governor of Massachusetts in 2006. He is the first African-American to be elected governor of that state. He is only the third African-American to be elected a governor of any state in the United States. Patrick ran as a Democrat.

He was born in Chicago, Illinois on 31 July 1956, is a lawyer, and holds two degrees from Harvard University.

On November 11, 2019, "The New York Times" reported that Patrick was thinking of a 2020 presidential candidacy. He announced his candidacy three days later on November 14. He ended his campaign on February 12, 2020 a day after the New Hampshire primary.


Structure of the Earth

The structure of the Earth is divided into layers. These layers are both physically and chemically different. The Earth has an outer solid layer called the crust, a highly viscous layer called the mantle, a liquid layer that is the outer part of the core, called the outer core, and a solid center called the inner core. The shape of the earth is an oblate spheroid, because it is slightly flattened at the poles and bulging at the equator.

The boundaries between these layers were discovered by seismographs which showed the way vibrations bounced off the layers during earthquakes. Between the Earth's crust and the mantle is a boundary called the moho. It was the first discovery of a major change in the Earth's structure as one goes deeper.


A full explanation of these effects is not yet clear. It seems that the high temperature and pressure cause changes in the crystallization of minerals, so that the composition might be a kind of changing mixture of liquid and crystals.

The moho, properly called the Mohorovičić discontinuity, is the boundary between the Earth's crust and the mantle. It was discovered by Croatian seismologist Andrija Mohorovičić in 1909. He discovered that seismograms of earthquakes showed two kinds of seismic waves. There is a shallow slower wave which arrives first, and a deep faster wave which arrives second. He reasoned that the deeper wave changed speed as it got just below the mantle. The reason it went faster was that the material of the mantle was different from that of the crust.

The discontinuity lies 3040 km below the surface of continents, and less deep below the ocean floors.

Geologists have been trying to get at the Moho for decades. During the late 1950s and early 1960s "Project Mohole" did not get enough support, and was cancelled by the United States Congress in 1967. Efforts were also made by the Soviet Union. They reached a depth of over 15 years, the world's deepest hole, before abandoning the attempt in 1989.

Reaching the discontinuity is still an important scientific target. One proposal considers a self-descending tungsten capsule. The idea is that the capsule would be filled with radioactive material. This would give off enough heat to melt the surrounding rock, and the capsule would be pulled down by gravity.

The Japanese project Chikyū Hakken ("Earth discovery") plans to use a drilling shop to drill down through the thinner ocean crust. On 6 September 2012 Scientific deep sea drilling vessel Chikyu set a new world record by drilling down and obtaining rock samples from deeper than 2,111 metres below the seafloor off the Shimokita Peninsula of Japan in the northwest Pacific Ocean.

Macquarie Island, off Tasmania, is at the meeting-point of two huge oceanic plates: the Pacific Plate and the Indo-Australian Plate. The island is made of material pushed up from deep in the Earth's mantle. It is thought that the green ophiolite rock was formed at the moho, and was brought up by a mid-oceanic ridge. Now it comes to the surface because the two plates are scrunching together. It is the only place on Earth where this is happening at present. There are other places where ophiolite is found, but they were brought up many millions of years ago. Ophiolites are found in all the major mountain belts of the world.

Provisional designation in astronomy

A provisional designation in astronomy is the naming convention of astronomical objects as soon as they are found. The provisional designation is usually replaced by a permanent name once a good orbit has been calculated. With asteroids, so many have been found that many will never be named by the people who found them.


Traffic sign

A traffic sign or a road sign is a sign put at the side of roads to give information to drivers. It can direct people driving where to go or what to do.

A road sign is something that gives information by means of a symbol, or in only 1 or 2 words. It helps people in their vehicles on the road. Some signs include: give way, stop, keep left, no U-turn, no parking, zebra crossing ahead, and much more. Traffic signs are very useful. Without signs and traffic lights there would be many accidents and arguments on the road.

Istituto Nazionale di Statistica

Istituto Nazionale di Statistica is the national statistical institute of Italy. The name translates to 'National Institute of Statistics'. This institute collects information about the country, including counting the people in Italy (the "census"). It is sometimes called "Istat".


Harold Rubin

Harold Rubin (13 May 1932 – 1 April 2020) was a South African-born Israeli visual artist and free jazz clarinettist. He was born in Johannesburg. He became a founding member of the 1980s Zaviot jazz quartet, which recorded albums with the label Jazzis Records and performed at festivals and clubs in Israel and Europe until its break-up in 1989.

Rubin died on 1 April 2020, aged 87.

List of Adventures in Odyssey characters

The following is a list of the characters from the "Adventures in Odyssey" radio program.



List of WTA number 1 ranked players

The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) world number one ranking is a 52-week system based on the total points won by a female professional tennis player, during a WTA season. The WTA started ranking players on 3 November 1975, and 21 women have achieved the number one status in singles and 32 players in doubles.

Please needs updates. We are in 2019



Barbour County, Alabama

Barbour County, Alabama is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of James Barbour, who was Governor of Virginia. As of 2020 the population was 25,223. Its county seat is Clayton.

Barbour County was created on December 18, 1832 from former Creek Indian territory and a portion of Pike County. Its borders were altered in 1866 and 1868. The Election Riot of 1874 occurred near Comer.





Monpazier

Monpazier is a city in France. It is in the Dordogne departement, in Aquitaine. In 1999, 516 people lived there. It has been named one of the most beautiful villages in France by the association Les Plus Beaux Villages de France. It was built as a bastide. For some time, Eleanor of Aquitaine and Richard III lived there. 

The city was founded by Edward I of England in 1284. It is of rectangular design, built around a main square. 

The city is about half-way between Bergerac and Sarlat-la-Canéda. Each city is about 45 km away. The River Dropt runs through the city.

Sarlat-la-Canéda

Sarlat-la-Canéda (), or simply Sarlat, is a town and commune in southwestern France, in the region of Aquitaine. It is a subprefecture of the Dordogne department.

The city developed around a Carolingian Benedictine abbey in the 13th century. The abbey already existed in the 9th century. it was part of the six great abbeys of the old province of Périgord. The others were Paunat, Belvès, Saint Front de Périgueux, Brantôme and Terrasson. The Carolingian abbey was the only one to be spared by the Vikings because it does not lie on the Dordogne river or its tributaries. In 1317, Sarlat became the seat of a bishop.

The city was badly damaged in the Hundred Years' War. After several conflicts it was rebuilt in Renaissance style between 1450 and 1500. In the middle of the 17th century, the city lost political influence and became poorer.

On 1 March 1965, the "communes" of Sarlat and of La Canéda were combined in one "commune" with the name of Sarlat-la-Canéda.

Sports clubs:


The "commune" of Sarlat-la-Canéda has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Sarlat-la-Canéda is surrounded by the "communes" Tamniès, Marquay. Marcillac-Saint-Quentin, Proissans, Sainte-Nathalène, Saint-Vincent-le-Paluel, Carsac-Aillac, Vitrac, Vézac and Saint-André-d'Allas.

Sarlat-la-Canéda has an oceanic climate with template summers (Köppen climate classification: Cfb).

The inhabitants of Sarlat-la-Canéda are known, in French, as "Sarladais" (women: "Sarladaises").

With a population of 9,127 (2014), Sarlat-la-Canéda has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Sarlat-la-Canéda

Sarlat-la-Canéda forms the urban area of Sarlat-la-Canéda with a population of 9,259 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Sarlat-la-Canéda, formed by 17 "communes" with a population of 19,520 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Sarlat-la-Canéda is a subprefecture of the Dordogne and the capital of the "arrondissement" of Sarlat-la-Canéda.

The "commune" is the administrative centre () of the canton of "Sarlat-la-Canéda"', formed with 13 "communes".

It is part of the intercommunality "Sarlat-Périgord Noir" ().




Hurricane Erika (2003)

Hurricane Erika was a Atlantic hurricane that hit extreme northeastern Mexico near the Texas-Tamaulipas border. It happened on August 16, during the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season. Erika was the eighth tropical cyclone, fifth tropical storm, and third hurricane of the season that year. The storm was created from a non-tropical area of low pressure that was tracked for five days before developing in the eastern Gulf of Mexico on August 14. Under the influence of a high pressure system, Erika moved quickly westward and became stronger under favorable conditions.

A weak surface area of low pressure came apart from a frontal system on August 8. It was moving southwestward during that time. On August 9, it created convection when it was passing underneath a cold-core upper-level low. As the system rapidly continued westward, a lot of the convection stayed near the center of the upper-level low, preventing development of a closed surface circulation. On August 13, while located near the northwestern Bahamas, an increase in convection made the upper-level low building downwards to the middle levels of the troposphere, which caused the development of an upper level anticyclone.

On August 14, a closed low-level circulation nearly developed to the east of Key Largo, Florida, but because of the deep convection remaining to the north over the mid-level center, it was weakened. The mid-level storm continued going westward and it moved across Florida. After crossing Florida, Hurricane Hunters showed a poor circulation, but with winds higher than tropical storm strength, and the system was designated as Tropical Storm "Erika" late on August 14 while located 85 miles (135 km) west of Fort Myers.
With well-established outflow and low levels of wind shear, Erika became stronger as the circulation became better defined. A high pressure system covered over the south-central United States, forcing the storm to move just south of due west at 25 mph (40 km/h). On August 15, convection were made into bands, and as its winds were turning into hurricane strength, an eye developed within the storm. The storm quickly weakened over the Sierra Madre Oriental, and Erika was calming down early on August 17. After entering the Gulf of California on August 18, It led to the formation of a tropical disturbance. It went to the northwest and weakened on August 20.


Bergerac

Bergerac () is a commune and a subprefecture of the Dordogne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, southwestern France.

It is the second biggest city of the department, after Périgueux.

Despite the similarities in their names, there is no connection to Cyrano de Bergerac, a French writer from Paris.

Bergerac is in the south of the Dordogne department, in the region named as "Périgord Pourpre"; the Dordogne river flows through the city.

The city is at about from Périgueux, from Agen, from Bordeaux and from Cahors.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Bergerac is surrounded by the "communes" Ginestet, Maurens, Lembras, Creysse, Cours-de-Pile, Saint-Nexans, Colombier, Monbazillac, Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes and Prigonrieux.

The climate of Bergerac is a Mediterranean climate (Marine West Coast Climate), Cfb in the Köppen climate classification, with mild winters and warm summers.

The inhabitants of Bergerac are known, in French, as "Bergeracois" (women: "Bergeracoises").

With a population of 27,764 (2014), Bergerac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Bergerac

Bergerac forms with 22 other "communes", including four "communes" that are part of the Gironde department, the urban area of Bergerac with a population of 64,968 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Bergerac, formed by 67 "communes" with a population of 81,574 inhabitants and an area of .

Bergerac is a subprefecture of the Dordogne department since 1790, and the capital of the "arrondissement" of Bergerac.

The "commune" is the administrative centre () of two cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Bergeracoise" ().

Bergerac is twinned with:

Bergerac is known for its wines and its tobacco. It has 12 recognized wine kinds that are "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC).



Sweet chestnut

The sweet chestnut ("Castanea sativa"), sometimes called European chestnut, Spanish chestnut or Portuguese chestnut is a kind of tree. 

Originally these trees were native to the Mediterranean parts of Europe and Asia Minor. These trees can grow to sizes between 20 and 35m high. The trees are deciduous, they do not have leaves in winter.

The trees are usually grown for their edible fruit.

James S. Sherman

James Schoolcraft Sherman (October 24, 1855 – October 30, 1912) was the 27th vice president of the United States. He was in office from March 4, 1909 to October 30, 1912. Sherman was a member of the Republican Party, and served with President William Howard Taft. Before he became vice president, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York, serving from 1887 to 1891 and 1893 to 1909.

Sherman is the seventh, and the most recent, vice president to have died in office.


Rainer Küchl

Rainer Küchl is an Austrian musician. He plays the violin and is a music professor.

He started to play the violin at the age of 11. At the age of 14, he studied music at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna.

He became the concertmaster of the Vienna Philharmonic at the age of 20. In 1973 he founded the Küchl Quartett which is known as the Wiener Musikverein Quartett.


Wilson Allen Wallis

Wilson Allen Wallis (November 5, 1912 – October 12, 1998) was an American economist and statistician best known for serving as president of the University of Rochester. He studied at the University of Minnesota and finished his studies in 1932. He was a member of the Chi Phi Fraternity.

From 1959 to 1989, he was the economic adviser to the U.S. presidents Dwight Eisenhower, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan.

March of the Penguins

March of the Penguins is a documentary about Emperor penguins. It won an Academy Award and was directed by Luc Jacquet. It was made in France.



Sindhi

Sindhi could mean:


Mangrio

Mangrio (Sindhi مݣڕیو, ) is A Sindhi Muslim Rajput tribe found in the Sindh, Punjab region of Pakistan and Rajasthan, Gujrat in India. Mangrio are Suryavanshi Rajputs. They are the Royal family of Jaisalmer, India.

In Sindh they are found mainly in Shikarpur, Hyderabad, Tharparkar, Sanghar.khipro , Umerkot, Mirpur Khas, Sukkur, Larkana, Raipur, Kandiaro , Karachi , Madeji and Khairpur districts. In Punjab they are mainly found in Rahimyar, Bahawalpur, Bahawalnagar and Muzaffar Garh. 

Mangrio people also live in Balochistan. In India they are found mainly in the Jaisalmer, Barmer, and Bikaner districts.

Hazrat Abdul Raheem Girhori, a Mangrio man, was a great scholar and Walee of his time. His tomb is located near the area of Mirpur Khas.

Enlightenment (Window Manager)

Enlightenment (also known simply as E), is a free software/open source window manager for the X Window System. It can be used alone or together with a desktop environment such as GNOME or KDE. Enlightenment is sometimes used as a replacement for a full desktop environment.

The first version of Enlightenment was released by Raster (Carsten Haitzler) on 1996-10-30.

Enlightenment has been under development for 10 years. Its latest stable release is E17. It always comes with a warning that it is in permanent "heavy development" and remains "not stable".



Buddhism in Pakistan

There are no significant Buddhist communities left in Pakistan.

A few Buddhists may still exist in Pakistani Kashmir and a significant community exists in Jammu and Kashmir to the east of the Line of Control. Mostly Ladakhi and ethnically related to Tibetans (plus a few Indo-Aryan Dards), a rough dividing line between Islamic culture and Buddhist culture can be drawn through Mulbekh and Shergol in the Indus valley (to the east of Kargil) and well to the west of Leh, the Nun Kun massif and Rangdum Buddhist monastery at the head of the Suru river valley (a tributary of the Indus) on the Indian Kashmiri side of the line of control.

The region that is today known as Pakistan once had a large Buddhist population, with the majority of people in Gandhara (present day North Western Pakistan and Eastern Afghanistan) being Buddhist. Gandhara was largely Mahayana Buddhist, and was also a stronghold of Vajrayana Buddhism. The Swat Valley, known in antiquity as Uddiyana, was a kingdom tributary to Gandhara. There are many archaeological sites from the Buddhist era in Swat.

The Buddhist sage Padmasambhava is said to have been born in a village near the present day town of Chakdara in Lower Dir District, which was then a part of Uddiyana. Padmasambhava is known as Guru Rinpoche in Tibetan and it is he who introduced Vajrayana Buddhism in Tibet.

Buddhism was also practiced in the Punjab and Sindh regions.

Most Buddhists in Punjab converted to Hinduism from 600 AD onwards. Buddhism was the faith practiced by the majority of the population of Sindh up to the Arab conquest by the Umayyad Caliphate in 710 AD. After the partition of Pakistan and India, the Buddhists fled to India, similar to other faiths like Hindus, Sikhs, and Christians in the Pakistan region.



Colleges and universities in Utah

This is a list of colleges and universities in Utah:



World Series of Poker

The World Series of Poker (WSOP) is a series of poker tournaments. The tournaments are held each year in Las Vegas, Since 2004, the tournaments have been sponsored by Caesars Entertainment. The WSOP started in 1970. Benny Binion invited seven of the best-known poker players to the Horseshoe Casino for a single tournament/ The winner was chosen by a secret ballot of the seven players.

As of 2020, there are 101 events in the WSOP. Most major poker variants are included. recently, most of the events have been variants of Texas hold 'em. Events take place during one day or over several days during June and July. Starting in 2008, the Main Event final table was not played until November. The 2012 and 2016 Main Event final tables were played in October because of the United States presidential election. As of May 2017, the World Series of Poker has gone back to the Main Event winner in being played in July. A hybrid online format was used in 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The World Series of Poker changed back to -person play when it started back on September 30, 2021, in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Colleges and universities in Washington

This is a list of colleges and universities in Washington:



Big 12 Conference

The Big 12 Conference is a college athletic conference that is part of the NCAA's Division I. It started when the Big 8 Conference joined together with four colleges from Texas that had been part of the Southwest Conference, and the first games in the Big 12 Conference were played in 1996.

Four schools will join the Big 12 in 2024. One of these is Colorado, a founding Big 12 member that left for the Pac-12 Conference in 2011.

The Big 12 also has 13 "associate members", all of which play one sport in the conference.
The Big 12 will add five more associate members in July 2024. One is returning after an absence of several years.

Four schools have left the Big 12 since it was formed. Missouri would return to the Big 12 in 2021 as a wrestling-only member, and Colorado will return in 2024 as a full member.

OpenDocument

OpenDocument Format (ODF) is a computer file format for word processors, presentation software and other computer programs. For example, OpenOffice.org and LibreOffice are programs that use ODF to save text, slideshows and spreadsheets. The format was created by Sun Microsystems for their StarOffice office suite.

The content of an ODF file are XML files that are inside a ZIP. By using ZIP compression, the files are much smaller.

The most common filename extensions used for OpenDocument documents are:

Pac-12 Conference

The Pac-12 Conference is a group of universities who play each other in football, basketball, and other sports. It has won more national championships than any other conference. 

In 2024, the conference will have just 2 members 

This is a list of colleges and universities who play sports in the Pac-12 Conference:

Big East Conference

The Big East Conference is a college sports conference in the United States which sponsors many sports, but does not play football. The league has its roots in the original Big East Conference, which was founded in 1979 as a basketball-focused league by a group of schools in the Eastern U.S. That league added football in 1991, leading to years of conflict between schools that played top-level football and those that did not. In July 2013, the original league split along football lines. The seven schools that did not play FBS (top-level) football—often called the "Catholic 7" because all are run by the Catholic Church—bought the "Big East" name and formed a new Big East. The FBS schools joined with several new members and stayed in the original Big East structure under the new name of American Athletic Conference (The American).

Although the current Big East was not founded until 2013, it claims the 1979 founding date of the original Big East. Both the current Big East and The American claim the pre-split history of the old Big East.

The 10 schools that formed the current Big East are private schools. All of these are also Catholic except for Butler, which was started by Protestants but has never been run by any church. UConn (Connecticut) became the Big East's first public school in July 2020.

The Big East has six "associate members" that play either one or two sports in the conference.

No full member of the Big East has left for another conference. However, eight associate members have left the Big East in one or more sports, with five entirely leaving the Big East.

Two schools that were associate members in the 2013–14 school year left to join conferences that play the sports that they housed in the Big East. Five women's lacrosse members left after the 2017–18 school year when the American Athletic Conference, full-time home to three of those schools, started a women's lacrosse league. Two of these schools, Temple and UConn, stayed in the Big East in field hockey, and UConn returned to the Big East full-time in July 2020. At the same time, Old Dominion moved its women's lacrosse team from the Big East to The American. This kept both conferences at six women's lacrosse members, the number needed to ensure that their conference champions would receive places in the NCAA Division I tournament. ODU is still a Big East member in field hockey.

Boston College

Boston College is a private university in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. It is also known for its sports teams.

Clemson University

Clemson University is a public university in Clemson, South Carolina. Clemson's athletics teams are called the Tigers.


Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University

Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (or Virginia Tech) is a public land-grant university in Blacksburg, Virginia. The campus was first opened in 1872 as a farming and mechanical college and covers 2,600 acres. It is also one of only a few public universities in the United States to have a corps of cadets.

The Virginia Tech massacre, which happened on the 16th of April 2007, was a tragedy in the history of the University. A student of the university named Cho Seung-Hui killed 32 people before killing himself. This became the worst school-related massacre in United States history.

University of Virginia

The University of Virginia is a public research university in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States. 

The buildings designed by Jefferson are a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

It was founded by Thomas Jefferson. It was conceived by 1800 and established in 1819. 



North Carolina State University

North Carolina State University is a public university in Raleigh, North Carolina. It has about 31,000 students.
Many students who go to college here want to learn about math, science, technology, and agriculture, but they can also study other things, too.

The university was started in 1887. It was called the North Carolina College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts.

Sports teams from North Carolina State University are called the Wolfpack. This is because, in 1921, somebody was angry at the university's football team. He thought that they acted like wolves.
They play mostly against other colleges in the Atlantic Coast Conference, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.


University of Miami

"This is the university in Florida. For the university in Ohio, see Miami University."

The University of Miami is a private university in Coral Gables, Florida. Some people call the university "Miami of Florida," or "UM."


Nagios

Nagios () is a popular open source computer system and network monitoring application software. It watches hosts and services which the owner specifies, alerting the owner when things go bad and again when they get better.

Nagios, originally created under the name NetSaint , was written and is currently maintained by Ethan Galstad, along with a group of developers actively maintaining both official and unofficial plugins.

Nagios was originally designed to run under Linux, but also runs well on other Unix variants.

Nagios is free software licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation.


Egyptian Arabic

The modern Egyptian language ("Marī" مصري) is a group of dialects of the Arabic language, one of the Semitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic language family. 

It came from the people living in the Nile Delta in Lower Egypt around the capital Cairo. It originates from the spoken Arabic brought to Egypt during the AD 7th-century The Arab occupation of the Middle East and North Africa.

Egyptian Arabic was formed also of Copto-Egyptian language of pre-Islamic Egypt, and other languages such as Italian and French. Egyptian Arabic is officially recognized as the national language of the Egyptian government. More than 76 million people in Egypt speak Egyptian Arabic. Also, many people in the Middle East can understand it.

Wenedyk

Wenedyk (in English: Venedic) is a made-up language. Jan van Steenbergen, a linguist and translator from the Netherlands, made it in 2002. The idea behind it is this: what would have happened if the Polish language had developed from Latin instead of Old Slavic? Wenedyk is a possible answer to that question. It is a Romance language, so almost all words are family of words in French, Italian, Romanian, and so on. But they look very different and much more like Polish. The rules for spelling and pronunciation are completely based on Polish. Other parts of the language, like grammar and sentence structure, are a mixture of Polish and Romance.

Together with other made-up languages like Brithenig (which does the same thing with Welsh), Wenedyk is part of the group of so-called "alternative languages", languages that could have existed if history had been different. With Brithenig, it is the best known example of this sort of languages. Wenedyk became known in Poland after it was written about on the Internet and in the monthly paper "Wiedza i Życie" ("Knowledge and Life").

Wenedyk is used in Ill Bethisad, a made-up world in which the Roman Empire was stronger than in real history. It is the most important language of the Republic of the Two Crowns, a country similar to the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, but not broken up by partitions like Poland was.

Wenedyk uses the same letters as Polish does:

Also, there are seven sounds written by two letters:

Wenedyk is pronounced just like Polish. Stress almost always falls on the second-last syllable. A preposition and a pronoun are treated as one word, so when the pronoun has only one syllable, the preposition is stressed.

Wenedyk does not have articles, words like "a" and "the". This is an important difference with the other Romance languages and also with made-up languages like Esperanto and Ido. The reason is that Polish and most other Slavic languages do not have those words, and even in Vulgar Latin they were not so strong yet.

Words in Wenedyk can have many forms. English words have only a few (cat, cat's, cats; work, working, works, worked), but in Wenedyk a lot of forms exist where English would have used other words, like prepositions or modal verbs. In the case of nouns, pronouns and adjectives these forms are called "cases". Wenedyk has three cases:
Wenedyk also has a "vocative" (used for calling someone). Often it has the same form as the direct case, but not always: O potrze! "Oh father!"

There are three genders and four declensions (different ways of making forms). They are very much like the declensions in Latin:

Here is a chart of the pronouns (words like I, you, we, they, and so on) in Wenedyk:

Verbs have a lot of forms, too. Every pronoun has its own form:

Most tenses have special forms:

The word list of Wenedyk, made public on the internet, has more than 4000 words. This chart of 30 words shows what Wenedyk looks like when compared to other Romance languages:

The Lord's Prayer:



Brithenig

Brithenig is constructed language that was made up by Andrew Smith from New Zealand in 1996. The idea behind it is the question what the Welsh language would have looked like if it had been a Romance instead of a Celtic language: a sister language to French, Spanish and Italian, but one that looks much like Welsh. It plays a key-role in the made-up world of Ill Bethisad, where Latin took the place of Old Celtic as the spoken language of the people in Great Britain, thus giving way to the development of Brithenig.

Brithenig is the best known example of the so-called group of "alternative languages", languages that could have existed if history had been different. Another well-known example is Wenedyk, which does the same with Polish as Brithenig does with Welsh.

The following list of 30 words shows what Brithenig looks like compared to a few other Romance languages:

The Lord's Prayer:


EastLink (Melbourne)

EastLink is a tollway (meaning people have to pay to drive on it) in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It was opened on June 28, 2008. It links the Frankston Freeway to the Eastern Freeway, and includes two tunnels, the Mullum Mullum tunnel and the Melba tunnel.

The interchange with the Monash Freeway, the largest in Victoria, is known as the Tom Wills interchange. This was announced on February 27, 2008. This particular interchange was chosen because it was within a short distance from Waverely Park, and the home of the Hawthorn Football Club.

Tolls are paid by either a bill sent in the mail, buying a pass from a shop or creating an account and using an electronic Breeze tag or another tollways type of electronic tag in the car to keep track of tolls. The cost of the tolls is charged against the owner's account.

Transport for London

Transport for London (TfL) is an organisation that runs the public transport network in London. It is held with direct responsibility to the mayor of London.

Historically, bus routes were grouped by the type of service that they provided.

The 1924 London Traffic Act used the Bassom Scheme. It was named after A.E. Bassom of the Metropolitan Police who made it. Changing and short lines used letter suffixes. Also, the numbers were grouped by the company that operated the route.

The numbering was changed in 1934 after London Transport was formed.

"*Except 607, which is a normal daytime route"


Jules Joseph Lefebvre

Jules Joseph Lefebvre (Tournan-en-Brie, March 14, 1836 – Paris, February 24, 1911) was a French figure painter. 

Lefebvre went to the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in 1852. He was a pupil of Léon Cogniet. He won the prestigious Prix de Rome in 1861. Between 1855 and 1898, he exhibited 72 portraits in the Paris Salon. In 1891, he became a member of the French Académie des Beaux-Arts.

He was a teacher at the Académie Julian in Paris. One of his famous students was the Scottish born landscape painter William Hart. Georges Rochegrosse, Félix Vallotton, the Americans Childe Hassam, John Henry Twachtman, John Noble Barlow, Augustus Kenderdine, and Charles A. Platt were also his pupils. He was a professor at the École des Beaux-Arts for a long time.

His paintings are usually single figures of beautiful women.

Among his best portraits were those of M. L. Reynaud and the Prince Imperial (1874). Among his many decorations were a first-class medal at the Paris Exhibition of 1878 and the medal of honor in 1886. He was a Commander of the Legion of Honor and a member of the Institut de France.

Louisiana State University and A&amp;M College

The Louisiana State University and A&M College is a public university in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; it belongs to the Louisiana State University System of higher education as a land-grant and sea-grant institution. Colloquially, most people call the university "Louisiana State University" or "LSU". In sports competitions, "LSU" is almost always associated with Louisiana State University and A&M College or the LSU Athletics Department.


University of Kansas

The University of Kansas is a public university in Lawrence, a hilly city in northeastern Kansas. It is often abbreviated as "KU".
KU held its first classes in 1866. As of Spring 2011, over 30,000 students attended school there.

There was a plan to build a university in Kansas in 1855, but it didn't happen until Kansas became a state in 1861. The Kansas government needed to decide where to build the university. Their choices were Manhattan, Emporia, or Lawrence. On January 13, 1863, Kansas State University was built in Manhattan. The only cities left were Emporia and Lawrence. Amos A. Lawrence gave $10,000 and more than 40 acres (160,000 m) of land for a university in Lawrence. The Kansas government liked that, so the government chose Lawrence.

On February 20, 1863, Kansas Governor Thomas Carney signed into law a bill creating the state university in Lawrence. The law was made if Lawrence gave a gift of a $15,000 endowment fund and a place for the university. The place would need to be in or near the town, of not less than forty acres (16 ha) of land.

On November 2, 1863, Governor Carney said Lawrence had met the conditions to get the state university. In 1864, the university was officially organized.

The university opened for classes on September 12, 1866, and the first class graduated in 1873.

The University of Kansas School of Business is a public business school on the main campus in Lawrence. The KU School of Business was created in 1924. It has more than 80 staff members, and it has about 1500 students.

It was named one of the best business schools in the Midwest by "Princeton Review". The KU School of Business has been credited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) for its undergraduate and graduate programs in business and accounting.
The University of Kansas School of Law was created in 1878. It was the top law school in the state of Kansas. The 2016 "U.S. News & World Report" "U.S. News Best Colleges Rankings" says that it was the 65th best law school in the United States. Classes are held in Green Hall at W 15th St and Burdick Dr, which is named after former dean James Green.

The KU School of Engineering is a public engineering school on the main campus in Lawrence. The School of Engineering was officially created in 1891, although engineering degrees were awarded as early as 1873.

The "U.S. News & World Report"'s "America’s Best Colleges" 2016 issue says that KU's School of Engineering was the 90th best engineering school in the United States.

Famous alumni include: Alan Mulally (BS/MS), former President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, Lou Montulli, co-founder of Netscape and author of the Lynx web browser, Brian McClendon (BSEE 1986), VP of Engineering at Google, and Charles E. Spahr (1934), former CEO of Standard Oil of Ohio.

The KU Edwards Campus is in Overland Park, Kansas. It was created in 1993. It was created in order to provide adults with a chance to get college degrees and to get better education. About 2,000 students go there. The average age of the students is 31. The Edwards campus provides programs developmental psychology, public administration, social work, systems analysis, engineering management and design.
Students enrolled in 6 or more credit hours paid a yearly required campus fee of $888. The schools of architecture, music, arts, business, education, engineering, journalism, law, pharmacy, and social welfare charge more fees.

, the yearly tuition for 30 credit hours for a freshman is estimated by the university to be $10,182. This does not include room and board costs.

Kansas' athletics teams are called the Jayhawks. Kansas has 16 varsity teams, all of which compete in the Big 12 Conference. They are known for their men's basketball team, which most recently won a national championship in 2008.

The KU Medical Center, which is one branch of the University of Kansas, is located in Kansas City, Kansas, which is east of Lawrence. Another branch of KU, called the Edwards Campus, is located in Overland Park, Kansas.

The University of Kansas has had more teams (70) compete in the National Debate Tournament than any other university. Kansas has won the tournament 6 times (1954, 1970, 1976, 1983, 2009 and 2018)
The University of Kansas's newspaper is "The University Daily Kansan".

Kansas Jayhawks

The Kansas Jayhawks, commonly referred to as KU, are the athletic teams that represent the University of Kansas. KU is one of three schools in the state of Kansas that are in the NCAA Division I. The Jayhawks are also a part of the Big 12 Conference. KU athletic teams have won eleven NCAA Division I championships: three in men's basketball, one in men's cross country, three in men's indoor track and field, three in men's outdoor track and field, and one in women's outdoor track and field.

The name "Jayhawks" comes from the Kansas Jayhawker freedom fighter and anti-slavery movement during the Bleeding Kansas era of the American Civil War.

The University of Kansas officially has 16 sports: 6 men's and 8 women's. There are also club-level sports for rugby, ice hockey, and men's volleyball. The school used to have a wrestling team, though the sport was stopped during the 1960s.

KU began playing football in 1890. The Jayhawks have been to the Orange Bowl in 1948, 1969 and 2008, winning in 2008. The team plays in Memorial Stadium (capacity 50,071). It the seventh oldest college football stadium in the United States. It opened in 1921.

The Jayhawks softball team has appeared in seven Women's College World Series, in 1973, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1979 and 1992.

University of Pennsylvania

The University of Pennsylvania is a private Ivy League university in West Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Many people call the university "Penn." It contains four undergraduate schools, which are for students without a college degree. These schools are nursing, arts and sciences, engineering, and Wharton, which is a famous business school. It had graduate schools-for those with a college degree- in medicine, business, law, dentistry, veterinary medicine, nursing, education, communication, design, and social policy. Their competitive teams are known as the Quakers. 

45th President of the United States Donald Trump graduated here with a Bachelor of Science.

Western Athletic Conference

The Western Athletic Conference (WAC) is a group of colleges and universities, mostly in the Western United States, that play NCAA Division I sports against one another each season.

The WAC currently has 10 member schools:

Its future is now in serious question due to a wave of departures set for July 2013.

The WAC was formed in 1962 by six western schools—the University of Arizona, Arizona State University, Brigham Young University (BYU), the University of New Mexico, the University of Utah, and the University of Wyoming. Three other schools, the University of Oregon, Oregon State University, and Washington State University, were part of the original discussions, but chose to join what is now the Pacific-12 Conference. New Mexico State and Utah State applied for charter membership, but were turned down, and would not join until 2005.

The WAC grew to eight members in 1967, when Colorado State University and the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) joined. However, in the 1970s, massive population growth in Arizona led to the two Arizona schools dominating the conference, especially in football. Arizona and Arizona State left for the Pacific-8 Conference in 1978, which then became the Pacific-10 (now the Pacific-12). The WAC reloaded by adding San Diego State University in 1978, the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa (Hawaiʻi) in 1979, and the United States Air Force Academy (Air Force) in 1980. This nine-team lineup defined the WAC for the next 15 years.

In 1990, the WAC added women's sports when it absorbed the High Country Athletic Conference, a women's sports conference that included most of the schools then in the WAC. Two years later, California State University, Fresno (Fresno State) joined the WAC. Several years later, the demise of the Southwest Conference (SWC) led to many schools changing conferences. In 1996, six schools joined the WAC. Three of them—Rice University, Southern Methodist University (SMU), and Texas Christian University (TCU)—were from the SWC. The others were San Jose State and the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV), both from the Big West Conference, and the University of Tulsa from the Missouri Valley Conference. At the same time, Air Force and Hawaiʻi brought their women's sports into the WAC. These moves meant that the WAC now had 16 members.

Most of the pre-1990 members were soon unhappy in a 16-team league. The conference now ranged from Hawaii to Oklahoma, spanning five time zones and , making travel costs a major concern. In 1999, the conference split largely along pre-1990 and post-1990 lines. Seven of the pre-1990 members—Air Force, BYU, Colorado State, New Mexico, San Diego State, Utah, and Wyoming—joined with newcomer UNLV to form the Mountain West Conference (MW).

The post-breakup WAC quickly added a new member in the University of Nevada, Reno (Nevada), which joined from the Big West in 2000. Later that year, the Big West announced that it would no longer play football. Four of that conference's schools—Boise State University, the University of Idaho, New Mexico State University, and Utah State University—wanted to keep playing football. Boise State was immediately accepted by the WAC, joining in 2001. Louisiana Tech University also joined the WAC alongside Boise State. The three other Big West football schools did not join the WAC at that time.

Later in the 2000s, the WAC was affected by another wave of conference realignment. After the Big East Conference lost three of its members to the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) in 2004 and 2005, it reloaded by "raiding" Conference USA (C-USA). In turn, C-USA sought new members from other conferences, and four WAC schools—Rice, SMU, TCU, and Tulsa—accepted invitations to join C-USA in 2005. The WAC responded by adding the three other schools that had played Big West football (Idaho, New Mexico State, and Utah State).

Another major cycle of conference realignment began in 2010 when the Big Ten Conference and the then-Pacific-10 announced plans to expand. This started a chain of moves that affected all eleven conferences that play football in the top-level Division I FBS. No conference was more affected than the WAC, whose future as a Division I conference is now in serious doubt.

The first move affecting the WAC came in June 2010. After the MW lost Utah to the Pacific-12, Boise State accepted an invitation to join the MW in 2011. Two months later, BYU also left the MW, which responded by inviting two WAC members, Fresno State and Nevada. Both accepted, and would leave for the MW in 2012.

In November 2010, Denver, Texas State, and UTSA were invited to join the WAC in 2012, with all accepting. In the same month, Hawaiʻi announced it would leave the WAC in 2012 to join the Big West for most sports and the MW for football. The summer of 2011 saw two other schools accept invitations to join in 2012—Seattle and UT Arlington. These moves meant that for the first time in WAC history, the conference would have non-football members, as Denver, Seattle, and UT Arlington do not have football teams. One month later, Boise State announced that it would rejoin the WAC for most of its sports in 2013, with its football team moving to the Big East.

However, the WAC suffered major blows in spring 2012, with five members stating they would leave in July 2013. Three of the new 2012 members will spend only one year in the WAC—UTSA will join C-USA, and Texas State and UT Arlington will move to the Sun Belt Conference. Louisiana Tech will also join C-USA, while San Jose State and Utah State will join the MW. Making matters worse for the WAC, Boise State decided not to join the WAC in 2013, instead choosing to put its non-football sports in the Big West.

These moves will leave the WAC with four members in 2013—fewer than the six required by the NCAA for full Division I membership.

Wilhelm Wundt

Wilhelm Maximilian Wundt (August 16 1832– August 31 1920) was a German medical doctor, psychologist, physiologist, and professor. Together with William James, he is regarded as the father of psychology. In 1879, Wundt founded the one of first formal laboratory for psychological research at the University of Leipzig, and the first journal for psychological research in 1881.

Bean machine

The bean machine, also known as the quincunx or Galton box, is a machine invented by Sir Francis Galton to demonstrate the law of error and the normal distribution.

The machine consists of a vertical board with interleaved rows of pins. Balls are dropped from the top, and bounce left and right as they hit the pins. Eventually, they are collected into one-ball-wide bins at the bottom. The height of ball columns in the bins approximates a bell curve.

Overlaying Pascal's triangle onto the pins shows the number of different paths that can be taken to get to each pin. 

A large-scale working model of this device can be seen at the Museum of Science, Boston.

Regression analysis

Regression analysis is a field of statistics. It is a tool to show the relationship between the inputs and the outputs of a system. Regression analysis is often used for prediction of trends. It is also used for studying whether one thing causes another. 

The first type of regression analysis was linear regression. The method of least squares was first published by Legendre in 1805 and in 1809 by Gauss. Both used the method to predict the movement of planets around the sun. Gauss published an improved method in 1821. 

Forensic science

Forensic science (or forensics) is when science works to answer questions a lawyer might ask. 

Most often, forensics is about proving that someone was present at a place where a crime was committed. Specialists take "samples" which are later analyzed in a laboratory. Most forensic tests can take from 1 hour to one year, and investigators need to double (and triple) check the answer, so they know that the answer is the right answer. If a forensics team made a mistake the wrong person could be jailed, or they could get into trouble themselves.

Samples commonly taken include fingerprints. People also look for other things that could be used, for example a few hairs (or pieces of skin) and autopsy if dead. Samples like hair or skin can be use for DNA testing, which allows to tell the gender of the person the hair is from, amongst others. 

When someone is accused of committing the crime, these pieces of evidence can then be matched up. Then, if they are correct, the person is charged.


Fingerprint

A fingerprint is a trace of a human finger left on a surface. Human fingers have small structures on them (like mountains and valleys). These structures are unique in every human; they can be used as means of identification.

There are many different ways to take fingerprints. Forensic scientists use these techniques to identify a person.

Electronic fingerprint scanners became widespread in the early 21st century.


Physical cosmology

Physical cosmology is a branch of astronomy. It looks at large structures in the universe. It wants to explain how the universe came to be what it is today by using axioms of our current astronomy knowledge.

Ronald Fisher

Sir Ronald Aylmer Fisher FRS (17 February 1890 – 29 July 1962) was an English statistician, evolutionary biologist, and geneticist. He was described as "a genius who almost single-handedly created the foundations for modern statistical science". Richard Dawkins described him as "the greatest of Darwin's successors".

In 1915, he invented the infinitesimal model. This is also known as the polygenic model. It is named this because it says traits are influenced by many genes. He defined the term "variance" for the first time in his paper, published in 1918.

In 1919 Fisher started work at Rothamsted Experimental Station at Harpenden, Hertfordshire. Here he started a major study of the extensive collections of data recorded over many years. This resulted in a series of reports under the general title "Studies in crop variation." 

This began a period of great productivity. Over the next seven years, he pioneered the principles of the design of experiments and elaborated his studies of the analysis of variance. He studied the statistics of small samples. Perhaps even more important, he began his systematic approach of the analysis of real data as the springboard for the development of new statistical methods.

He began to pay particular attention to the labour involved in the necessary computations, and developed practical methods. In 1925, his first book was published: "Statistical methods for research workers". This went into many editions and translations in later years, and became a standard reference work for scientists in many disciplines. In 1935, this was followed by "The design of experiments," which also became a standard.

His work on the theory of population genetics made him one of the three great figures of that field, together with Sewall Wright and J.B.S. Haldane. He was one of the founders of the neo-Darwinian modern evolutionary synthesis. In addition to founding modern quantitative genetics with his 1918 paper, he was the first to use diffusion equations to attempt to calculate the distribution of gene frequencies among populations.

He pioneered the estimation of genetic linkage and gene frequencies by maximum likelihood methods. His 1950 paper on gene frequency clines is notable as the first application of a computer to biology.

Fisher had a long and successful collaboration with E.B. Ford in the field of ecological genetics. The outcome of this work was the recognition that the force of natural selection was often much stronger than had been appreciated. Many ecogenetic situations (such as polymorphism) were not selectively neutral, on the contrary, they were maintained by the force of selection.

Fisher was the original author of the idea of heterozygote advantage, which was later found to play a frequent role in genetic polymorphism. The discovery of indisputable cases of natural selection in nature was one of the main strands in the modern evolutionary synthesis.

Fisher was an ardent promoter of eugenics, and he held the Chair in Eugenics at University College London from 1933 until he moved to Cambridge University as Professor of Genetics in 1943.

Between 1929 and 1934 the Eugenics Society campaigned hard for a law permitting sterilisation on eugenic grounds. They believed that it should be entirely voluntary, and a right, not a punishment. They published a draft of a proposed bill, and it was submitted to Parliament. Although it was defeated by a 2:1 ratio, this was viewed as progress, and the campaign continued. Fisher played a major role in this movement, and served in several official committees to promote it.

In 1934, Fisher moved to increase the power of scientists within the Eugenics Society, but was ultimately thwarted by members with an environmentalist point of view, and he, along with many other scientists, resigned.

Fisher wrote three books of great significance.

His book "The Genetical Theory of Natural Selection" was started in 1928 and published in 1930, with a second edition in 1950. He developed ideas on sexual selection, mimicry and the evolution of dominance. He showed that the probability of a mutation increasing the fitness of an organism decreases proportionately with the magnitude of the mutation. He also proved that larger populations carry more variation and have a larger chance of survival. He set forth the foundations of what was to become known as population genetics.

About a third of the book concerned the applications of these ideas to humans, and presented the data available at that time. He presented a theory that attributed the decline and fall of civilizations to the fertility of the upper classes being low. Using the census data of 1911 for Britain, he showed that there was an inverse relationship between fertility and social class. This was partly due, he believed, to the rise in social status of families who were not capable of producing many children but who rose because of the financial advantage of having a small number of children.

Therefore he proposed the abolishment of the economic advantage of small families by instituting subsidies (he called them allowances) to families with larger numbers of children, with the allowances proportional to the earnings of the father. He himself had two sons and six daughters. According to Yates and Mather, "His large family, reared in conditions of great financial stringency, was a personal expression of his genetic and evolutionary convictions".

The book was reviewed, among others, by physicist Charles Galton Darwin, a grandson of Charles Darwin's. After his review, C.G. Darwin sent Fisher his copy of the book, with notes in the margin. The marginal notes became the food for an exchange of letters running at least three years. Fisher's book also had a major influence on W.D. Hamilton and the development of his theories on the genetic basis for kin selection.

"Statistical Methods for Research Workers" () is a classic 1925 book on statistics by Fisher. It is one of the 20th century's most influential books on statistical methods. According to Conniffe,

Ronald A. Fisher was "interested in application and in the popularization of statistical methods... his early book "Statistical Methods for Research Workers", published in 1925, went through many editions and influenced the practical use of statistics in many fields of study.

Fisher's "Design of Experiments" (1935) was "also fundamental, [and promoted] statistical technique and application... The mathematical justification of the methods was not stressed and proofs were often barely sketched or omitted altogether ... [This] led H.B. Mann to fill the gaps with a rigorous mathematical treatment in his treatise".

Urla

Urla is a seaside town in the İzmir Province in Turkey.

Monash Freeway

The Monash Freeway is a major freeway in Melbourne. It lets cars drive from the CBD to the south-eastern suburbs.

The Art of War

The Art of War () is an ancient Chinese military text that was written by Sun Tzu, a high-ranking military general, strategist, and Taoist philosopher over 2,500 years ago. The text contains 13 chapters, each of which covers an of warfare.

It is one of the earliest books on Chinese warfare. It remains one of the best known and most influential books ever written. The book was widely copied in the ancient world. At first, it was written on bamboo slats that were sewn together. It was read by politicians, scholars and military leaders. 

Translations of the book were first read in Japan and Korea. The oldest copy from Japan dates to the 8th century. It was translated into French in 1772 by a Jesuit named Jean Joseph Marie Amiot. The first translation into English was published by Lionel Giles in 1910. "The Art of War" was first translated into Russian in 1950. The Russians' knowledge of French culture makes it probable that they had copies in French much earlier.

The book is used today by business schools and militaries worldwide.

When Sun Tzu first wrote "The Art of War", it was not the first book on military tactics. He quotes from "The Book of Military Administration" by Chun Cheng. The quote is limited to the use of signal flags and drums to move soldiers. Chun's book has not survived and so little is known of what else was in it. However, books of the time were based on rules of warfare that all sides followed. War was the sport of rich noblemen. The rules were based on chivalry.

Sun Tzu refused to see war as a sport. He used Taoist principles and applied them to warfare. In doing this he changed the rules of war. Unlike generals who enjoyed long campaigns, he understood that war is serious. Sun Tzu believed that once a war started, the goal was to defeat the enemy. Sun Tzu was unconventional in that he did not follow the prevailing wisdom of his time. Other generals were simply unprepared for Sun Tzu's tactics. Sun Tzu mastered the art of being unpredictable in warfare.

In situations where a smaller weaker force is faced with a stronger larger force, Sun Tzu's tactics are very often successful. David and Goliath is a Biblical story of a weaker shepherd boy facing a giant who is a skilled warrior. David uses an unconventional weapon and slays Goliath. David refused to fight by Goliath's rules. The political scientist Ivan Arreguín-Toft did calculations on wars. He discovered that about a third of the time the weaker country actually wins.

"The Art of War" is credited by Mao Zedong as having helped him defeat Chiang Kai-Shek during the Chinese Civil War. Ho Chi Minh was a fan of Sun Tzu. He led communist North Vietnam in their fight against American-backed South Vietnam. American Generals Norman Schwarzkopf, Jr. and Colin Powell followed Sun Tzu's princples during the Gulf War.


Princes Freeway

The Princes Freeway is a freeway in Victoria, Australia. It links Geelong, Victoria to Traralgon, Victoria, via Melbourne, Victoria.

Conference USA

Conference USA, officially abbreviated CUSA, is a group of college sports teams that play each other on the NCAA Division I level. It was formed in 1995 when the Great Midwest Conference and Metro Conference merged, and has added several members since then. Most of the new members have come from either the Western Athletic Conference or the Sun Belt Conference (SBC). From 2005 to 2014, it also lost many members, mostly to the original Big East Conference and its football-playing offshoot, the American Athletic Conference (The American). In a later wave of conference changes in the early 2020s, CUSA lost three members to the SBC in 2022 and six to The American in 2023. CUSA responded to these later moves by adding six new members, with four joining in July 2023, one to join in July 2024, and one to join in July 2025.

The conference sends several teams to bowl games every year, including the Liberty Bowl and New Orleans Bowl.

Memphis (now a member of The American) has been the most successful men's basketball team in the conference, reaching the national championship game in 2008. (However, the NCAA later took Memphis's wins from that season away because a Memphis player, namely Derrick Rose, had not been eligible to play.)

Conference USA now has 9 "full members" which play most of their sports in the league; Liberty (which joined in 2023) is the only private school. Future member Delaware (joining in 2025) is defined as a "privately governed, state-supported" school.

Before 2022, the schools were split into East and West Divisions for some sports, most notably football; this allowed the football division winners to play a conference championship game. The divisional split ended with the loss of three members to the SBC. The football championship game now features the top two teams in the conference standings.

CUSA will add one member in both 2024 and 2025.

CUSA now has 12 "associate members"—schools that are full members of another conference who play select sports in CUSA. One plays baseball, five play women's beach volleyball, five others compete in bowling (which the NCAA runs only for women), and one competes in both beach volleyball and bowling. Most of these schools became associate members in 2023, when CUSA expanded its beach volleyball membership and added bowling as a sponsored sport. CUSA added bowling by absorbing the Southland Bowling League, a single-sport conference founded by, but separate from, the all-sports Southland Conference.

Conference USA will add another associate member in July 2024.

No fewer than 23 schools have left CUSA since it was founded. Of these schools, 12 are now members of the American Athletic Conference, and three others had been in The American before joining the Big 12 Conference in 2023.

In addition to the former full members, 21 other schools have been associate members in the past, but have moved their CUSA sports elsewhere. Most notably, the United States Military Academy, more often called "Army" in a sports context, was a football member from 1996 to 2005 (final CUSA season in 2004).


Sewall Wright

Sewall Green Wright (21 December 1889 – 3 March 1988) was an American geneticist. He was a founder of population genetics, and contributed to evolutionary theory. He also did original work in statistics in a field called path analysis. 

With R.A. Fisher and J.B.S. Haldane, he was a founder of theoretical population genetics. He is the discoverer of the inbreeding coefficient and of methods of computing it in pedigrees. He extended this work to populations, calculating the degree of inbreeding of members of populations as a result of random genetic drift. Together with Fisher, he pioneered methods for calculating the distribution of gene frequencies among populations as a result of the interaction of natural selection, mutation, migration and genetic drift. The work of Fisher, Wright, and Haldane on theoretical population genetics was a major step in the development of the modern evolutionary synthesis of genetics with evolution. Wright also made contributions to mammalian genetics and biochemical genetics.

What appears to happen in evolution is that the rate of change in any organism varies a lot. There seem to be times when change is rapid, and times when almost no change occurs. 
Wright tried to explain "stasis", which is when no visible change occurs. His explanation was that organisms come to occupy "adaptive peaks". In order to evolve to another, higher peak, the species would first have to pass through a valley of maladaptive intermediate stages. In other words, they get stuck on one peak, and can't get to another because getting there would make them less competitive.

Wright though getting to another peak might be possible. It might happen by genetic drift if the population is small enough. If a species was divided into small populations, some could find higher peaks. If there was some gene flow between the populations, these adaptations could spread to the rest of the species. This was Wright's "shifting balance theory" of evolution. There has been much skepticism among evolutionary biologists as to whether this happens in natural populations. Wright had a long standing and sometimes bitter debate about this with R.A. Fisher, who felt that most populations in nature were too large for the effects of genetic drift to be important. Research by Dobzhansky and E.B. Ford showed that natural selection in the field was a much stronger force that Wright had expected. Wright's own biographer now doubts the validity of Wright's idea.

An anecdote about Wright, disclaimed by Wright himself, describes a lecture during which Wright tucked an unruly guinea pig under his armpit, where he usually held a chalkboard eraser: at the end of the lecture, Wright absent-mindedly erased the blackboard with the guinea pig.


Tartan

Tartan is a pattern that has criss-crossed horizontal and vertical bands in many different colors.



Jeff Tesreau

Charles Monroe "Jeff" Tesreau (March 5, 1888 - October 24, 1946) was an American baseball player. Tesreau signed with a Minor League Baseball team of the St. Louis Browns in 1909. In 1910, his contract was bought by the New York Giants where he played Major League Baseball with.


Ace Attorney Investigations: Miles Edgeworth

"Ace Attorney Investigations: Miles Edgeworth" plays differently from the other games. The games in the "Ace Attorney" series are courtroom dramas, but "Ace Attorney Investigations: Miles Edgeworth" focuses on pointing and clicking around the area, moving Edgeworth around the crime scenes to find evidence.

When it was being developed, it was called "NEW Gyakuten NOT Saiban" because it used the same setting and characters, but different gameplay. It is being directed by Tsuyoshi Yamazaki instead of Shu Takumi, who directed the other games were. By April 2008, they said that the game was 40% complete.


Sun Belt Conference

The Sun Belt Conference (SBC) is a group of college sports teams that play each other on the NCAA Division I level. The conference was formed in 1976, and started playing football in 2001. All 14 full members (those playing most of their sports in the league) play football in the top-level Division I FBS. The conference's full members are scattered through the southern United States.

At different times, the SBC has had "associate members" that play only a few sports, usually one, in the league. As of the 2023–24 school year, it has eight associate members. Four are in men's soccer, a sport that the SBC resumed playing after a one-year absence, and the others are in beach volleyball, a women's sport added for 2022–23.

Most associate members in league history no longer compete in the SBC. The first school to abandon single-sport membership was Utah State, which played Sun Belt football in 2003 and 2004 before joining the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) in 2005. The Aggies have been members of the Mountain West Conference since 2013.

Idaho and New Mexico State were involved in the league at two different times. New Mexico State first joined the Sun Belt as a full member in 2000, and brought its football team into the Sun Belt the next year. Also in 2001, Idaho joined only for football. Both left in 2005 to join the WAC. During the early 2010s, NCAA Division I went through a major phase of conference changes, with most leagues gaining or losing multiple members. The WAC was one of the most affected conferences, going through a nearly complete membership turnover that left Idaho and New Mexico State as the league's only football schools. In 2014, both placed their football programs in the Sun Belt. The conference announced in 2016 that its agreements for Idaho and New Mexico State to play football in the league would not be renewed when they ended after the 2017 season.

NJIT (the New Jersey Institute of Technology) was another victim of this realignment; it was forced to become an independent (not in a conference) when its former league, the Great West Conference, collapsed. Its men's soccer team joined the Sun Belt in 2014, a year before the school found a home in the ASUN Conference. Although the ASUN sponsors men's soccer, NJIT kept that team in the Sun Belt until 2016, honoring its two-year contract to play in that league.

Another recent change involved Hartwick, which had long competed in Division I men's soccer despite otherwise being in NCAA Division III. In 2018, Hartwick aligned completely with Division III, moving its men's soccer team to its full-time home of the Empire 8.

A more recent change came in 2021, when the Sun Belt shut down its men's soccer league after it dropped below the number of members needed to keep the automatic berth its champion received in the NCAA tournament. However, conference realignment would lead to the return of men's soccer after a single season.

Of the four schools that were announced as new members in 2021, three sponsor men's soccer—James Madison, Marshall, and Old Dominion. All were originally intended to join the SBC in 2023. With current members Coastal Carolina, Georgia Southern, and Georgia State also fielding men's soccer teams, the SBC announced it would reinstate men's soccer in 2023. However, the return of men's soccer would be moved forward to 2022 after the expansion plan changed. The revived SBC men's soccer league started with Kentucky, South Carolina, and West Virginia as single-sport members. SBC men's soccer added another member in 2023 with the arrival of UCF, which left the American Athletic Conference (which runs a men's soccer league) for the Big 12 Conference (which does not). UCF's move united its men's soccer team with that of West Virginia, the only other current Big 12 member with a men's soccer team. 

The SBC added beach volleyball for the 2022–23 school year with eight members, with full members Coastal Carolina, Georgia State, Southern Miss, and ULM joined by four affiliates.

Mountain West Conference

The Mountain West Conference (abbreviated as either "MW" or "MWC") is a group of colleges and universities in the Western United States, who play NCAA Division I sports against one another. In football, the MW plays in the top-level Division I FBS.

The league was formed in 1999 when eight schools split from the Western Athletic Conference (WAC). Most of the original members had been members of the WAC before it grew from 10 schools to 16 in 1996.

Due to a major realignment of Division I conferences, the MW and Conference USA announced plans to merge into one conference, possibly for the 2013–14 school year. However, because of money issues, the conferences backed away from a full merger. They planned to form an alliance for scheduling and television purposes. After both conferences added more schools, they backed out of the planned alliance. 

Eleven schools are "full members", meaning that they play almost all of their sports in the MW.

Two schools are "associate members", meaning that they play in the MW in some sports while playing most other sports in another league. Both schools play only one sport in the MW.

Two of the MW's first members, plus one school that joined later, are no longer in the conference.
The MountainWest Sports Network was an American college sports television channel. It was dedicated to the Mountain West Conference, including studio programs following the conference, live events, and documentary-style programs profiling the conference's members. It was launched on September 1, 2006. The channel shut down on May 31, 2012.

Super Punch-Out!! (Super NES)

Mid-American Conference

The Mid-American Conference (MAC) is a college sports conference whose full members are located in the Great Lakes region of the United States. It sponsors 11 men's sports and 12 women's sports at the NCAA Division I level. In football, the MAC is one of 10 conferences that play in the top-level Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS).

The MAC was founded in 1946 by five schools in Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio, but only one of the founding members, Ohio University, is still in the conference. All but two of its current full members are in those three states.


Currently, the MAC has 12 full members, all public schools, each of which competes in at least 15 MAC sports. Every member of the conference competes in football, baseball, men's and women's basketball, and the following women's sports: cross country, soccer, softball, indoor and outdoor track and field, and volleyball. In many sports, the conference is split into East and West Divisions.

The MAC has 21 "associate members" that each play only one sport in the conference. One of these schools will leave the MAC for another conference in July 2022.

A major recent change in associate membership happened in 2019 when the MAC absorbed the Eastern Wrestling League, a single-sport conference that had existed since 1975. All seven of the EWL's final members thus became MAC associates.

A more recent change to associate membership took place on July 1, 2020 when the MAC added three members in the new conference sport of women's lacrosse, along with one former wrestling member dropping the sport.

SIU Edwardsville (SIUE), in full Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, left the MAC men's soccer league in 2021 to return to its former soccer home of the Missouri Valley Conference. It remains a MAC member in wrestling.

Another change in associate membership was announced in June 2020. Bellarmine University, which started a transition from NCAA Division II to Division I that July, joined the MAC field hockey league in July 2021.

At the same time Bellarmine joined in field hockey and SIUE left in wrestling, Georgia Southern University and Georgia State University joined MAC men's soccer, and Missouri wrestling left to become a single-sport member of its former all-sports home of the Big 12 Conference.

The next change in associate membership takes place in July 2022 when West Virginia University moves its men's soccer team to Conference USA. 

Departing member indicated in pink.

University at Buffalo

The State University of New York at Buffalo is a public university in Buffalo, New York. It is the largest university in a group called the "State University of New York" or "SUNY."

The Buffalo Bulls are the sports teams that play for the university at Buffalo. The NCAA Division I teams play in the Mid-American Conference. Their colors are blue and white. The mascot name is Victor E. Bull.

The football team plays in UB Stadium. Basketball plays in Alumni Arena. Baseball is played at Amherst Audubon Field.

Rock Band (video game)

Rock Band is a music video game developed by Harmonix Music Systems, published by MTV Games, and distributed by EA Distribution. It was released on the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, and the Wii.

This game comes with a guitar controller, a drum set, and a microphone. Up to four people can play the game on the screen, playing drums, vocals, bass, keyboard and guitar.

Excelsior of Brooklyn

The Brooklyn Excelsiors were an amateur baseball team that played in Brooklyn, New York. They formed in 1854.


Association of American Universities

The Association of American Universities (AAU) is a group of the leading research and education universities. Its members are 69 universities in the United States (both public and private) and two universities in Canada.

This is a list of colleges and universities in the Association of American Universities:



Charizard

Charizard (known as Lizardon in Japan) is a character of the Pokémon anime and video game series. Ash, one of the main characters in the series, owns a Charizard. Known as the Flame Pokémon. Charizard is also the version mascot of Pokémon Red and FireRed versions, and makes an appearance on the boxarts of many other Pokémon games. During an interview, Pokémon Company president Tsunekazu Ishihara said that they knew Charizard would be popular with North Americans, because they like strong, powerful characters.

Charizards are orange dragon-like Pokémon that have two wings, that are blue on the front, and orange on the back. Its belly and soles are cream-colored, while their eyes are light blue. The video games say that Charizard's wings can bring it to 4,600 feet in the sky. They can breath very hot flames that can melt anything, although it will never torch a weaker enemy. Charizard also crush their enemies with its claws. Charizard are violent yet honorable creatures, flying proudly around the sky and always looking for powerful enemies to fight with. If a Charizard is angry, the flame at the tip of its tail can be a whitish-blue color. Because of their crazy behavior, Charizard are also known to cause wildfires by accident.They can easily fly well over 4,600 feet in the air.

Charizard has appeared many times in the Super Smash Bros. (series). Charizard first appears as a non-playable character in "Super Smash Bros." and "Super Smash Bros. Melee", as one of the Pokémon that come if a player uses a Poké Ball. In "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" Charizard is now playable, under the command of the Pokémon Trainer. The Trainer also has a Squirtle and an Ivysaur, that you can swich from at any time. It can use Flamethrower and Rock Smash. It also uses Fly and has the ability to glide. Charizard is a Heavyweight and attacks with many physical attacks. It uses Fire Blast in Pokémon Trainer's Final Smash, Triple Finish.

Described by the media as "a lean, ferocious, fire-breathing dragon [...] sleek, powerful, and utterly destructive", Charizard has been noted as one of the franchise's most popular characters. People who sell toys have noted that the high sales of merchandise related to the character to the popularity of the character's dragon-like design with children. Interviewed children have stated similar; they attributed its appeal to its "cool looking" appearance and associating the character with the concepts of stubbornness and power. GamesRadar described Charizard as "hands-down one of the coolest Pokémon out there", heavily praising its character design and calling it "one of the coolest" designs of the entire series. IGN editor "pokemonofthedaychick" called Charizard "certainly the most popular and perhaps the most well-balanced of any of the current starting Pokémon". The book "Pikachu's Global Adventure: The Rise and Fall of Pokémon" cited Charizard as popular with older male children who tend to be drawn to "tough or scary" characters, and compared the character's evolution from Charmander into Charizard with the loss of "cuteness" as one leaves childhood. The book "Rebuilding Attachments With Traumatized Children" said psychiatrists used the character as an empowered character traumatized children who were fans of the "Pokémon" series could relate to. In 2005, search engine Yahoo! reported Charizard as one of the top Pokémon-related web searches.

Due to Charizard's appeal, it has been featured in lines of soft toys and action figures in the "Pokémon" franchise, made by Hasbro, and Tomy. In 2004, the "Charizard Medium Plush" was part of a major recall of 13 plush toys due to a manufacturing fault where tips of needles were being found with the stuffing. This caused Tomy to replace the toys with compensation or replacements. Charizard appears often in the "Pokémon Trading Card Game", most notably in the series' initial release. Cards featuring the character have been stated to be the most desired of the series, quickly rising to high prices among collectors and retailers. These cards were extremely powerful and knocked out opponents in one hit.

Heiko Westermann

Heiko Westermann (born August 14, 1983 in Wasserlos, Germany) is a German footballer of FC Schalke 04. On the German national football team, he made three matches and no goals.


Pope Pius XII

Pope Pius XII (; ), born Eugenio Maria Giuseppe Giovanni Pacelli (March 2, 1876 – October 9, 1958), was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 261st Pope from 1939 to 1958.

Pacelli was born on 2 March 1876 in Rome, Italy. He studied at the Capranica Seminary and the Pontifical Gregorian University. In 1895, he earned a degree in Theology.

Pacelli was ordained as a priest on 2 April 1899. In 1904, he was raised to the rank of Monsignor. He worked at the Office of the Congregation of Extraordinary Ecclesiastical Affairs.

In 1917, Pope Benedict XV appointed him an archbishop and nuncio to Bavaria, Germany.

Pope Pius XI raised Pacelli to the rank of Cardinal in December 1929.

In February 1930, Cardinal Pacelli became the Vatican Secretary of State.

Cardinal Pacelli was elected Pope on 2 March 1939, which was his 63th birthday.

Pius XII wrote forty-one official papal letters (encylicals).

Pius XII named forty-two new cardinals.



Procyonidae

Procyonidae is a family of the order Carnivora. The Procyonids originally lived in the Americas.


Tamburello

Tamburello or pallatamburello is a traditional sport of Italy since 16th century. It has this name because they play with a roundish and oval tool named "tamburello" or "tambourine" in English language. Various forms of tamburello are popular in several nations of the world currently.

This form is also named "classic" and each team regularly has 5 players in open playing field 80 metres long and 20 large. Players use roundish tambourines during actions and they serve with oval tambourines. A rubber ball of 88 grams is used and the team which wins 13 games is final winner of the match: each game consists of 4 points. Professional Italian tamburello league is top level of competitions: in 2002 14 teams competed. A variant is played in a kind of stadium, with lateral wall, named "sferisterio" or "sferodromo" in Italian language.

Three players regularly form a side in indoor shorted courts.

Two players regularly form a side in courts divided by a net like tennis.

One or two players regularly form a side on beach courts divided by a net like beach tennis.




Caniformia

Caniformia is a suborder of the order Carnivora. It contains all the dog-like mammals: Unlike the cat-like Feliformia, these animals have claws that are unable to contract. This group contains bears, seals, and true dogs, and more. 

The other suborder of Carnivora is the cat-like Feliformia.



Attribute-value system

An attribute-value system is a basic knowledge representation framework comprising a table with columns designating "attributes" (also known as "properties", "predicates," "features," "dimensions," "characteristics" or "independent variables" depending on the context) and rows designating "objects" (also known as "entities," "instances," "exemplars," "elements" or "dependent variables."). Each table cell therefore designates the value (also known as "state") of a particular attribute of a particular object.

Below is a sample attribute-value system. It represents 10 objects (rows) and five features (columns). In this example, the table contains only integer values. In general, an attribute-value system may contain any kind of data, numeric or otherwise. An attribute-value system is distinguished from a simple "feature list" representation in that each feature in an attribute-value system may possess a range of values (e.g., feature formula_1 below, which has domain of {0,1,2}), rather than simply being "present" or "absent" 

Attribute-value systems are pervasive throughout many different literatures, and have been discussed under many different names:


Tim Henman

Timothy Henry "Tim" Henman OBE (born 6 September 1974) is an English retired tennis player, born in Oxford.

He reached the semi finals of Wimbledon many times, the first British tennis player to do so since the 1970s. He reached six grand slam semi finals and won eleven titles in his career. He once was ranked number four in the world.
He was sponsored by Adidas and Slazenger. He retired in 2007 as England's most successful tennis player of the last twenty years.

Henman comes from a sporting family. His mother and father were both interested in tennis and his grandfather played at Wimbledon in the 1940s and 50s. His grandmother also played mixed doubles at Wimbledon with his grandfather on two occasions.

Henman got 10 GCSEs at school and went into tennis training afterwards. He was told by doctors he had a type of bone disease in 1992. He carried on playing tennis anyway and he became professional aged 18 in 1992. In 1999 Henman married his long-term girlfriend Lucy Heald. The couple have three daughters: Rose, Olivia and Grace.

Henman moved up the rankings very fast. By 1994, one year after becoming professional, he was 200th in the world.
By 1996 he was in the top thirty. In 1995 he became the first player ever to be disqualified from the Wimbledon tournament. Because he was angry during a match he hit the ball very hard at a ball girl and it hit her on the head.
In 1998, he was ranked one of the ten best tennis players in the world. In the same year he also reached the Wimbledon semi-final. In 2001 he had a good year at Wimbledon beating Roger Federer in four sets. He reached the semi final only to be beaten by eventual winner Goran Ivanišević. In 2004 he reached the semi finals of Roland Garros in France but lost to Guillermo Coria. Towards the end of his career Henman did not play so well. He ended up falling to 63 in the world rankings. In 2005 he was knocked out of the second round of Wimbledon by Roger Federer. He also had a lot of injuries at this time, including many at important points in matches.

He got an OBE in 2003 and was painted by royal artist Christian Furr in 2005.

Henman's last Wimbledon was a disappointment. He went out in the second round to Feliciano López of Spain. Shortly after he announced his retirement. He had a press conference on 23 August 2007 to make it official.


Lasi people

Lasi is the regional name for native indigenous Sindhi tribes of Lasbela (former princely state). Today district of Balochistan province of Pakistan, Lasi people speak Lasi dialect of Sindhi language. Lasbela District is about 80 miles northwest of Karachi city. The population was 15,000 in 1998.

Ormuri

Ormuri () is an East Iranian language spoken in the city of Kaniguram in Pakistan. It may also be spoken by a few people in Logar, Afghanistan. It is notable for its unusual sound inventory. This includes a voiceless alveolar trill and voiced and unvoiced alveolo-palatal fricatives.

Sansi language

Sansi is a language spoken in Pakistan and the Republic of India.

Sindhi language

Sindhi ( سنڌي, "Sindhī") is an Indo-Aryan language of the Sindh region of South Asia, which is a province of Pakistan. It is spoken by about 41 million people in Pakistan and 2 million in the Republic of India.

Sindhi has many dialects like:




Burig

The Burig (or Purik), are a group of Tibetan Muslims, who live south of the Balti in Ladakh. Most of them live in Ladakh and Baltistan, mostly in Kargil, although many live in Leh.

West Pakistan

The province of West Pakistan was created on 14 October 1955 by the merger of the provinces, states and tribal areas of the western wing. The province was composed of twelve divisions and the provincial capital was established at Lahore. The province of East Bengal was renamed East Pakistan with the provincial capital at Dacca. The federal government moved in 1959 from Karachi to Rawalpindi (provisional capital until Islamabad was finished), whilst the federal legislature moved to DACCA.

West Pakistan formed a block whose people seemed homogeneous (similar to each other). However, the new region included people of different ethnicities and languages. The "One Unit Policy" was regarded as a rational administrative reform which would reduce spending and eliminate provincial prejudices. However with the military coup of 1958, trouble loomed for the province when the office of Chief Minister was abolished and the President took over executive powers for West Pakistan. The province of West Pakistan was dissolved in July 1970 by President Yahya Khan.

General elections held in December 1970 saw the Awami League under Mujibur Rahman win an overall majority of seats in parliament (all but two of the 162 seats allocated to East Pakistan). The Awami League advocated greater autonomy (or self-rule) for East Pakistan, but the military government did not permit Mujibur Rahman to form a government.

Stamp showing both the East and west divisions of Pakistan Before the secession of Bangladesh. On March 25th 1971, West Pakistan began a civil war to subdue the democratic victory of East Pakistanis. This began the war between the Pakistani military and the Mukhti Bahini. The resulting refugee crisis led to the intervention by India, eventually leading to the surrender of the Pakistani Army. East Pakistan suffered a genocide of its Bengali population. East Pakistan became the independent state of Bangladesh on December 16, 1971. The term West Pakistan became redundant.


Firozpur district

Ferozepur () founded by Firuz Shah Tughluq is a district in the Indian state of Punjab. The district is the oldest British district of Punjab. It was created in 1833 as district headquarters and was part of the earstwhile Lahore Division (now in Pakistan). 

Ferozepur has easy access by road and rail to other places such as Lahore, Okara, Kasur, Multan. The area is a center of many holy shrines and historic places. At the city of Zira, a Jain Swetambar Temple with very old brass icons and beautiful wall murals is located.

In addition to cotton and grain cultivation and agriculture-related services, Firozpur has some light manufacturing. Commercial progress is limited because it is very near the border between India and Pakistan. 

The district is administratively divided into the following tehsils:


Pathankot

Pathankot (, ) is a city and a municipal committee in Gurdaspur district in the Punjab State of India. It is the fifth largest city in the state of Punjab in terms of population.

Pathankot is a meeting point of the Punjab region and considered a disputed territory by the United Nations. It is the last city in Punjab on the national highway that connects Jammu and Kashmir with the rest of Pakistan and India. This bestows strategic importance on the city. It is a major base for the defence forces, the Indian army and air force. It has the largest military base in the whole of Asia.

Due to its ideal location, Pathankot serves as a travel hub for the three northerly states. In the scenic foothills of Kangra and Dalhousie, with the river Chakki flowing close by, the city is often used as a rest-stop before heading into the Himalayan mountains of Kashmir, Dalhousie, Chamba, and Kangra.

Kori Creek

The Kori Creek (, ) is a tidal creek and maritime Border dispute between the Kutch region of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Kachchhi region of the Pakistani province of Sindh. It is in the Rann of Kutch marshland east of the Sir Creek, which is disputed between India and Pakistan. It is a 96 km (60 mi) strip of water. The creek, which opens up into the Arabian Sea, divides the Kutch region of the Indian state of Gujarat with the Sindh province of Pakistan. The long-standing dispute hinges in the meaning of the words "from the mouth of Kori Creek to the top of Kori Creek, and from the top of Kori Creek eastward to a point on the line designated on the Western Terminus". From this point onwards, the boundary is fixed as defined by the Tribunal Award of 1968.

The creek itself is in the uninhabited marshlands. During the monsoon season between June and September, the creek floods its banks and envelops the low-lying salty mudflats around it. During the winter season, the area is home to flamingoes and other migratory birds.

The dispute is in the interpretation of the boundary line between Kutch and Sindh as depicted in 1914 and 1925 maps. At that time, the region was a part of Bombay Presidency of undivided India. After India's independence in 1947, Sindh became a part of Pakistan while Kutch became a part of India.

The resolution, which demarcated the boundaries between the two territories, included the creek as part of Sindh province, setting the boundary as the eastern flank of the creek. The boundary line, known as the "Green Line", is disputed by India which maintains that it is an indicative line, known as a "ribbon line" in technical jargon. India's position is that the boundary is mid-channel as depicted in another map drawn in 1925, and implemented by the installation of mid-channel pillars back in 1924.

India relies on the Thalweg Doctrine in International Law. The law states that river boundaries between two states may be, if the two states agree, divided by the mid-channel. Though Pakistan does not dispute the 1925 map, it maintains that the Doctrine is not applicable in this case as it only applies to bodies of water that are navigable, which the Kori Creek is not. India says that the creek is navigable in high tide, and that fishing trawlers use it to go out to sea. Several cartographic surveys conducted have supported the Indian claim. Another point of concern for Pakistan is that Kori Creek has changed its course considerably over the years. If the boundary line is according to the Thalweg principle, Pakistan stands to lose a considerable portion of the territory that was historically part of the province of Sindh. Accepting India's stance would also result in the shifting of the land/sea terminus (end) point several kilometres to the disadvantage of Pakistan, leading in turn to a loss of several thousand square kilometres of its Exclusive Economic Zone under the United Nations Convention on Law of the Sea.

In April 1965, a dispute there contributed to the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965, when fighting broke out between India and Pakistan. Later the same year, British Prime Minister Harold Wilson persuaded both countries to set up a tribunal to resolve the dispute. A verdict was reached in 1968, which saw Pakistan getting 10% of its claim of 9,000 km² (3,500 sq. miles).

The disputed region was at the center of international attention in 1999 after Mig-21 fighter planes of the Indian Air Force shot down a Pakistani Navy Breguet Atlantique surveillance aircraft over the Kori Creek on August 10, 1999, killing all 16 on board. India claimed that the plane had strayed into its airspace, which was disputed by the Pakistani navy. 

Though the Kori Creek has little military value, it holds immense economic gain. Much of the region is rich in oil and gas below the sea bed, and control over the creek would have a huge bearing on the energy potential of each nation. Once the boundaries are defined, it would help in the determination of the maritime boundaries which are drawn as an extension of onshore reference points. Maritime boundaries also help in determining the limits of Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZs) and continental shelves. EEZs extend to 200 nautical miles (370 km) and can be subjected to commercial exploitation.

The demarcation would also prevent the inadvertent crossing over of fishermen of both nations into each others' territories.

The Federal Government of Pakistan lays claim to the entire creek as per "paras 9 and 10" of the "Bombay Government Resolution of 1914" signed between the then provincial Government of Sindh and Rao Maharaj, then the ruler of the former Princely state of Kutch.
However since 1969, there have been eight rounds of talks between the two nations, without a breakthrough. Steps to resolve the dispute include:

Since neither side has conceded ground, India has proposed that the maritime boundary could be demarcated first, as per the provisions of Technical Aspects of Law of Sea. Pakistan has firmly refused the proposal on the grounds that the dispute should be resolved first. Pakistan has also proposed that the two sides go in for international arbitration, which India has flatly refused. India maintains that all bilateral disputes should be resolved without the intervention of third-parties.

Bangladesh Liberation War

The Bangladesh Liberation War ( "Muktijuddho") was a revolutionary war for the independence of Bangladesh in 1971. The war was between East Pakistan (later with the help of India) and West Pakistan and lasted nine months. West Pakistan is called Pakistan today.

Ten million refugees left the country,and 30 million people left their homes. Between 300.000 and 3 million people were killed. Many Bengali women were raped, and there are documented cases of forced prostitution. Between 200.000 and 400.000 women were raped. Pakistan's religious leaders openly supported the crime by labelling Bengali freedom fighters as "Hindus" and Bengali women as "the booty of war". But in reality, more than 80 percent of the Bengali people were Muslims at that time. The Pakistani Army committed genocide on larger parts of the Bengali population. This is known as the 1971 Bangladesh atrocities today.

Sheikh Mujibur Rahman's party won the Pakistan elections of 1970 and the military junta that ruled the country decided he must not be Prime Minister. The resulting war started on 26 March 1971 and finished on 16 December. A category 3 cyclone also happened during the war.

Ghulam Azam and Motiur Rahman Nizami were convicted for war crimes. Azam died before a final hearing. Nizami was executed for his crimes in May 2016.

Toray Pan Pacific Open

The Toray Pan Pacific Open (東レ・パン・パシフィック・テニス) is a WTA Tour of tennis tournaments for women. It is held every year since 1984 in Tokyo, Japan. 


Peter Potamus

Peter Potamus is a cartoon made by Hanna-Barbera. It was first shown on television on September 16, 1964. The main characters are a friendly purple hippopotamus called Peter Potamus and his friend So-So the monkey. Together they explore the world in a time-traveling hot-air balloon. Peter has a special "Hippo Hurricane Holler" that helps him blow away his enemies.

Muscovy duck

The Muscovy duck ("Cairina moschata") is a duck from the Americas, from Texas in the north to Uruguay in the south. Feral Muscovy ducks are found in New Zealand, Australia, and in Central and Eastern Europe.

The Muscovy duck is non-migratory species which normally lives in forested swamps, lakes, streams, nearby grassland, and farm crops, and usually roost in trees at nighttime. The duck's diet consists of roots, stems, leaves, seeds of aquatic plants and grasses as well as terrestrial plants including agricultural crops obtained by grazing or dabbling in shallow water. It may also eat small fish, amphibians, reptiles, crustaceans, insects, millipedes, and worms. The Muscovy is an aggressive duck; males tend to fight over food, territory or mates. The females fight with each other less often. Some adults will peck at the ducklings if they are eating at the same food source.

Soar

Soar could mean:

Soaring

Soaring might mean:


Hino

Hino could mean:

Feliformia

Feliformia is a suborder in the mammal order Carnivora. It contains all the Felidae, which are cat-like animals. The suborder also contains the relatives of the cats, which includes hyaenas, civets, Asiatic linsangs, and more. There are six families, twelve subfamilies, 56 genera and 114 species in the Feliformia suborder now.

Molecular phylogeny shows the Feliformia is monophyletic. The other suborder of Carnivora is the dog-like Caniformia.



Crack

Crack frequently refers to: 



Eared seal

An eared seal or otariid is Phocidae's family Otariidae.


Earless seal

The earless seals or true seals are Otariidae's family Phocidae, one of the three pinniped families.


Ernst Mayr

Ernst Walter Mayr (July 5, 1904, Kempten, Germany – February 3, 2005, Bedford, Massachusetts), was a German American scientist. He was one of the 20th century's leading evolutionary biologists. He was also a well-known taxonomist, tropical explorer, ornithologist, historian of science, and naturalist. He was a leading contributor to the modern evolutionary synthesis. He was especially interested in how new species formed.

Mayr joined the faculty of Harvard University in 1953, where he also served as director of the Museum of Comparative Zoology from 1961 to 1970. He retired in 1975 as emeritus professor of zoology, showered with honors.

After his retirement, he went on to publish more than 200 articles, in a variety of journals—more than some reputable scientists publish in their entire careers; 14 of his 25 books were published after he was 65. Even as a centenarian, he continued to write books.

Mayr was awarded the Linnean Society's prestigious Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1958. He was never awarded a Nobel Prize, because there is no such prize for evolutionary biology. He commented that Darwin would not have received one, either. Mayr did win a 1999 Crafoord Prize. That prize honors basic research in fields that do not qualify for Nobel awards, and is administered by the same organization as the Nobel Prize.

Neither Darwin nor anyone else in his time knew the answer to the "species problem": how species could evolve from a single common ancestor.

Ernst Mayr approached the problem with a definition for the concept species. He wrote that a species is not just a group of individuals that look similar, but a group that can breed only among themselves.

When populations of organisms get isolated, the sub-populations will start to differ as time goes by. This way, they will evolve into new species. The most rapid genetic reorganization occurs in small populations which have been isolated. This happens if a species gets trapped on an island, for example. Or, perhaps, if the species lives in more than one environment.

Today, it is accepted that reproductive isolation is by far the most frequent cause of species splitting, and that geographical separation is the most frequent cause of this isolation. This was Mayr's most characteristic idea. Debate continues over the extent to which speciation occurs when a population is not so isolated.


Ovis

Ovis is a genus of the subfamily Caprinae, of the family Bovidae. The wild sheep and domestic sheep and other animals like it belong to this genus. There are 5 or more animals in this genus. 


These are the main species of ovis. 

Aberdeen F.C.

Aberdeen Football Club (also known as The Dons, The Reds and The Dandies) is a Scottish professional football club based in Aberdeen. They compete in the Scottish Premier League and are one of the most successful teams in their country, having won four league titles and seven Scottish Cups. They are also the only Scottish team to have won two European trophies, both in the same year.

Formed in 1903 as a result of the amalgamation of three clubs from Aberdeen, they rarely challenged for honours until the 1950s, when they won each of the major Scottish trophies under manager Dave Halliday. This level of success was surpassed in the 1980s, when, under the management of Alex Ferguson, they won three league titles, four Scottish Cups and a Scottish League Cup, alongside the European honours. Aberdeen were the last club outside of the Old Firm to win a league title, in 1984–85.

Aberdeen have played at Pittodrie Stadium since their inception. The ground currently has a capacity of 22,199 and was the first all-seated and all-covered stadium in the United Kingdom. Pittodrie was also the first football stadium to feature a dugout, an invention of player and coach Donald Colman. The club's colours have been primarily red and white since 1939; before this, they played in black and gold vertical stripes.

Aberdeen attract support from the city and surrounding areas, as they are the only senior team within a wide area. Aberdeen have no geographically close rivals; their nearest neighbours at the same level are in the city of Dundee, with Dundee United having been their principal rivals in the New Firm in the 1980s. Rangers supplanted Dundee United as rivals in the late 1980s, but the rivalry, while fierce, does not approach that of the Old Firm.

For the 1904–05 season, Aberdeen adopted a black and gold striped shirt, which led to the team being nicknamed "Wasps". This strip, with only minor variations, was worn until just before the start of the Second World War. The blue shorts lasted until 1911, and then were replaced with white ones. Socks were black with gold trim, either as stripes or as a solid bar at the turndown.

In March 1939, Aberdeen changed the black and gold colours to red and white, reflecting the silver and red colours of the official City of Aberdeen arms. The first red strips were worn with white shorts, these were worn with either red or white socks from 1939 until the 1965–66 season. In 1966, Aberdeen adopted red shorts, making the official kit all-red, similar to that of Liverpool, who made a similar change at around the same time. This arrangement has continued to the present day, with several variations in design, in common with most senior clubs as the replica shirt market has expanded. In the late 1970s an Admiral strip featured five vertical white stripes on the left side of the shirt and shorts, and the early 1980s shirts—as worn at the 1983 European Cup Winners Cup final—featured white vertical pinstripes. Later design changes included significant amounts of blue, and a one season reversion to white shorts, although the all-red scheme returned in 1997.

Shirt sponsorship began in 1987, and the initial shirt sponsor was JVC. Since then, with the club making fewer appearances on the international stage, shirt sponsors have tended to be more local—they have included one of the local commercial radio stations, Northsound. Aberdeen last season had announced their intention to move away from local sponsorship. Sponsored by Apex Tubulars at the time, that deal ended at the end of the 2007/08 season. In a turnaround though, Aberdeen FC Managing Director, Duncan Fraser, announced the side would bare the name of local company Team Recruitment on their shirts for the next two seasons. It is believed no international sponsor showed interest.

Change, or "away", strips have tended to be either white, often with black shorts, or a combination of yellow and black, referring back to the black and gold strips of the pre-war era, although for a time in the 1970s, Aberdeen sported an all-blue change strip with white socks. For the 2007–08 season, the change strip is all-white, with a third kit of yellow and black halves available if needed for European games, or in the event of a clash involving both red and white.

The club did not have an official crest before 1972, but several variations on the letters AFC had from time to time featured on the shirt, usually in some kind of cursive font. In November 1972, the club unveiled an official crest or logo, designed by Aberdonian graphic designer Donald Addison. The design represented a capital letter "A" as the side view of a football goal, with a ball forming the crossbar of the letter. This ball was crosshatched in such a way as to depict it as being inside the net, signifying the scoring of a goal. The logo was completed by the letters "FC" in smaller type at a level with the ball element. This badge was used on the shirts from around 1978, with no significant alterations until the mid-1980s when the words "Aberdeen Football Club" were added in a circular border, and the date of the club's founding, 1903, was added under the goal element. The current version of the crest, which retains these elements in a unified design, was introduced at the start of the 1997–98 season. Two stars signifying the winning of the two European cups in 1983 were introduced over the badge in the 2005–06 season.

Aberdeen have played at Pittodrie Stadium, the name of which comes from the Pictish for "place of manure", throughout their existence. The ground was first used by the original Aberdeen F.C. in 1899, in a 7–1 win over Dumbarton; when they merged with two other teams in 1903, the new club took over the old Aberdeen ground. On August 15 1903, 8,000 spectators turned up to watch the new Aberdeen draw 1-1 against Stenhousemuir, the first game played at Pittodrie by its amalgamated tenants. The club initially rented the ground, but subsequently bought it in 1920. The stadium contains 21,600 seats, but due to the directors' boxes, some sources place this figure at 22,000. The record attendance occurred on March 13 1954, when 45,061 spectators turned up for a Scottish Cup match between Aberdeen and Hearts.

The stadium consists of four stands. The Main Stand, which houses the club offices and players facilities, holds the majority of the supporters. The Merkland Road Stand is primarily for families. The South Stand is opposite the main stand and a quarter of this section is used to accommodate travelling supporters, except for Old Firm games, where half of this stand is given to the visiting fans. The newest element is the Richard Donald stand at the East, or Beach End, of the ground, and is named after former chairman Dick Donald. This is a modern, two–tier design, completed in 1993, containing hospitality suites which is significantly taller than the other structures at the ground. In 1978, Pittodrie became the first all covered, all-seater stadium in Britain.

The club are examining a move to a new stadium in Aberdeen.

Aberdeen inaugurated the Hall of Fame following the club's centenary celebrations in 2003. At the launch, it was claimed that over a five-year period, around 50 players and staff would be inducted. However, as of November 2007, the following initial inductees are still the only ones listed on the official website as members:




"List of full-time managers, as of 3 November 2012. Only competitive matches are counted. Caretaker managers are not listed."


Gunnar Nordström

Gunnar Nordström (12 March 1881, Helsinki – 24 December 1923, Helsinki) was a Finnish physicist. He is best known for his theory of gravitation, which was a competitor of Albert Einstein's general relativity. In 1914, Nordström added a space dimension to his theory. This described gravity and electromagnetism at the same time. Unluckily, Theodor Kaluza and Oskar Klein have got most attetion on this subject. Nordström is not well known in his own home country, but what he has done is known well in other countries. Some Finnish authors call Nordström as "Finnish Einstein".

Nordström was born in Helsinki, the capital of Finland during the time when Finland was part of Russian Empire). He studied at University of Helsinki and completed his dissertation in 1908. Before this, he studied for some time in Göttingen where he met the world's best scientists. After this, he became a professor at the university. In 1910, he started his trip in Europe. He visited at Zürich, Berlin, Vienna, and Leyden. During his time in the Netherlands, he married Cornelia van Leeuwen. They had three children. 

Nordström was very close friend to Albert Einstein and Niels Bohr. He died at Helsinki in 1923 because of radioactivity. In that time, radioactivity was thought to have healing effects.

Pope Pius XI

Pope Pius XI (; , 31 May 1857–10 February 1939), born Achille Ratti, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 260th Pope from 1922 to 1939.

Ratti was ordained as a priest in 1875.

Father Ratti was a professor at the Padua Seminary from 1882 to 1888. He worked at Ambrosian Library of Milan from 1888 to 1911; and at the Vatican Library from 1911-1914.

In 1919, Pope Benedict XV made Ratti a Bishop of Lepanto.

In 1921, Benedict named him Archbishop of Milan.

In 1921, Ratti was made a cardinal.

Cardinal Ratti was elected pope on February 6, 1922; and he chose the name Pope Pius XI.

Some of his decisions were controversial. He made 18 concordats (treaties) with foreign governments. They included the Lateran Concordat with Italy in 1929; and the Reichskoncordat with Germany in 1933.



Defender (association football)

A defender in football is a player, who plays in at the back of the formation. There are many positions classed as a defender, mainly:


The defenders are the first number when referring to formations, for example:


Defender

A defender is usually somebody who participates in a legal defense (legal).

Defender can also refer to:



Modern evolutionary synthesis

The modern evolutionary synthesis is about evolution. It explained how the discoveries of Gregor Mendel fit with Charles Darwin's theory of evolution by means of natural selection. Mendel found out how we inherit our genes.

Key biologists who contributed work to the synthesis included: Julian Huxley, Theodosius Dobzhansky, Ernst Mayr, Ronald Fisher, J.B.S. Haldane, Sewall Wright, G.G. Simpson, E.B. Ford, Bernhard Rensch and G. Ledyard Stebbins.

The modern synthesis brought Darwin's idea up to date. It bridged the gap between different types of biologists: geneticists, naturalists, and palaeontologists.

It states that:

The idea that new species occur after populations split has been much debated. Geographical isolation often leads to speciation. In plants, polyploidy must be included in any view of speciation. 
This shows how some biologists see the synthesis.

Almost all aspects of the synthesis have been challenged at times, with varying degrees of success. There is no doubt, however, that the synthesis was a great landmark in evolutionary biology. It cleared up many confusions, and was directly responsible for stimulating a great deal of research after WWII.

Several discoveries in earth sciences and biology have arisen since the synthesis. Listed here are some of those topics which are relevant to the evolutionary synthesis, and which seem soundly based.

The Earth is the stage on which the evolutionary play is performed. Darwin studied evolution in the context of Charles Lyell's geology, but we now know more historical geology.


Walcott was the first geologist to identify pre-Cambrian fossil bacteria, from microscopic examination of thin rock slices. He also thought stromatolites were organic in origin. His ideas were not accepted at the time, but may now be appreciated as great discoveries.


Conclusion: our present knowledge of Earth history strongly suggests that large-scale geophysical events influenced macroevolution and megaevolution. These terms refer to evolution above the species level, including such events as mass extinction, adaptive radiation, and the major transitions in evolution.

Starting in the late 20th century scientists made excavations in parts of the world which had scarcely been investigated before. Also, there is fresh appreciation of fossils discovered in the 19th century, but not appreciated at the time. Many outstanding discoveries have been made, and some of these have implications for evolutionary theory.


Important work on genetics has led to a new approach to animal development. The field is called evolutionary developmental biology, or evo-devo for short.

There is clear proof that much of development is closely controlled by special genetic systems involving hox genes. In his Nobel Prize lecture, E.B. Lewis said "Ultimately, comparisons of the [control complexes] throughout the animal kingdom should provide a picture of how the organisms, as well as the [control genes] have evolved".

In 2000, a special section of the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" (PNAS) was devoted to evo-devo, and an entire 2005 issue of the "Journal of Experimental Zoology Part B: Molecular and Developmental Evolution" was devoted to the key evo-devo topics of evolutionary innovation and morphological novelty.

A survey of the field for the general reader gives examples.



Midfielder

A midfielder in football is a player who usually plays in the centre of the field. There are usually a number of midfielders in each team of football, and are normally split into three: attacking; central; and defending.

The midfielders are always the middle parts of the formation numbers, for example:

An attacking midfielder is a midfielder who is often positioned between the central midfielders and the forwards. They often have a primarily offensive role. Playmakers are a type of attacking midfielders. Some famous Attacking Midfielders include Kaká, Diego Maradona, Zico, and Zinedine Zidane.

A winger is a type of midfielder. They often join the strikers when the team creates attacks. Wide midfielders are a variation of a winger. Some famous wingers include Neymar, Arjen Robben, Ronaldinho, and Lionel Messi

Forward

A forward (or striker) is a football player who is the closest to the other team's goal. The forwards are the players that are known to score the most goals.

Coaches usually send a forward that scores all the goals ("the centre forward") and sends another forward that makes the assists ("second striker").

The attackers are normally the last part of the formation numbers, for example:


Daniela Hantuchová

Daniela Hantuchová (born April 23, 1983) is a former Slovak professional tennis player. In May 2016, she was ranked World No. 170 in women's singles tennis and 179th in doubles. In 2008, she reached the Australian Open semi-finals. She has been ranked as 5th in the world for both women's singles and doubles. She played tennis for Slovakia in an international competition called the Fed Cup, and also in the Olympic Games.

She retired from professional tennis in July 2017. She has worked with coaches from the Sanchez-Casal Academy, namely Angel Gimenez and Eduardo Nicolas. Her Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Tour mentor, Martina Navratilova, was also her doubles partner in early 2004. Outside tennis, she has modeled clothes and has been in some television advertisements.

After her retirement, she became a tennis commentator. In 2018, she was a commentator for Amazon Prime's coverage of the 2018 US Open. In 2020, she started a podcast called "The Real DNA".

Hantuchová's parents are both scientists. Her father, Igor Hantucha, is a computer science professor. Her mother, Mariane Hantuchová, is a toxicologist. Daniela was taught to play tennis by her grandmother, Helena, when she was six years old. Helena used to be a Slovakian national champion. Even though Daniela practiced a lot at tennis, she studied hard at school as well. 

Hantuchová's parents were divorced in 2003. At the same time Hantuchová lost weight, and people became worried she was ill with anorexia. She said "I have proved that physically I don't have any problems." 

Hantuchová speaks three languages (German, Slovak, and English), and can play the piano. She has several hobbies, such as skiing and ice skating. She has been in several advertisements on television, such as the campaign for Sony with Ana Ivanović in July 2006. Hantuchová has also been in Italian "Vogue" magazine, as a model. She now lives in Monte Carlo, Monaco.

Hantuchová holds her racquet in her right hand, but uses both hands when playing backhand shots. She can hit the ball hard with both her forehand and backhand. She has a strong serve and can play well when close to the net. She is famous for her long legs which are long. Because she is so tall (), she can run a long way in a short amount of time, which also helps in returning shots, also adding power.

Hantuchová became a professional tennis player in 1989, when she was 15 years old. She started training in Florida, but still went back to Bratislava, Slovakia, to study. She won her first WTA tournament in 2000, a doubles title which she won in Bratislava. In 2001, she played her first Grand Slam tournament at the Australian Open. Hantuchová lost in her first match in Australia to Russian player Anna Kournikova. However, she won the mixed doubles tournament, playing with Czech player Leos Friedl. Hantuchová won her second WTA doubles competition by winning with Russian player Elena Bovina in Luxembourg. She finished the year in the top 100, and was given an award by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) for being the best new player in 2001.

In 2002, Hantuchová lost in the quarter-final of both the Wimbledon Championships and the US Open. However, playing with Zimbabwean Kevin Ullyett, she won the mixed doubles at the Australian Open. She also came second in the doubles in Australia, playing with Spanish player Arantxa Sanchez Vicario. She and Ullyett lost the mixed doubles final at Wimbledon in the same season. She did win her first singles WTA tournament, beating Swiss player Martina Hingis at the Masters tournament at Indian Wells in California. She also won two more WTA doubles tournaments, in Florida and Connecticut in the United States. Both times she won with Arantxa Sanchez Vicario. Hantuchová finished the season in the top 10, and was given an award for being the most improved player in 2002 by the WTA. In January 2003, Hantuchová was the fifth best female tennis player in the world. As of June 2008, this is the best she has done. Later in 2003, she split up from her English coach, Nigel Sears. 

Sears coached Hantuchová again in 2004 and in 2005, where she won the mixed doubles at the French Open and the US Open. This means she had won all four Grand Slam mixed doubles tournaments. In June 2005, she and Japanese player Ai Sugiyama won a WTA tour doubles tournament in Birmingham, England. The same pair came second in the doubles final at the French Open. Hantuchová won her sixth WTA doubles title with Russian player Anastasia Myskina in Germany in October 2004.

Hantuchová and Sugiyama won another doubles tournament in March 2006, this time in Doha, Qatar. Hantuchová finally split up with her coach, Sears, for good in April 2006. She went on to win her eighth WTA doubles tournament in May 2006 in Rome, Italy, again with Ai Sugiyama. Hantuchová won her second singles match WTA Tour title in March 2007, beating Svetlana Kuznetsova at Indian Wells again. She then won her third singles Tour title in October 2007, beating Swiss player Patty Schnyder in Linz in Austria. Hantuchová lost in the semi-final of the 2008 Australian Open to Serbian player Ana Ivanović. She also lost in the second round at Wimbledon in June 2008. Since the semi-final appearance, Hantuchová has failed to make it beyond the fourth round in any of the Grand Slam tournaments. 

Hantuchová also played tennis for Slovakia in an international tennis competition called the Fed Cup. She played 58 matches and won 38 of them. She helped Slovakia win the Fed Cup in 2002. In 2004, she played for Slovakia in the Olympic Games in Athens, Greece. She was sponsored by sportswear company Nike and racquet manufacturer Prince.

On July 6, 2017, Hantuchová announced that she was going to retire from playing tennis professionally. Over her career, she won more than $10.4 million from playing tennis. She is the first Slovak woman to win this much money just from tennis tournaments.

By winning the 2005 US Open title, Hantuchová completed the mixed doubles Career Grand Slam. She became only the fifth female player in history to achieve this.



Lollywood

Lollywood () is the name of Pakistani movie industry that is based in the city of Lahore. The name is a combination of the city's first letter with the name "Hollywood". The word "Lollywood" was first used in the summer of 1989.

The movies made in Lollywood are usually in Urdu. Some are made in Punjabi, which is the main and official language of the province of Punjab, where Lollywood is located. Some are also in English.



Mugger crocodile

The mugger crocodile ("Crocodylus palustris") is also known as the marsh crocodile, broad-snouted crocodile and mugger. 

It lives in the Indian subcontinent and nearby countries. In Pakistan's coastal regions of the Makran and delta marshlands of Sindh, it is known as the Indus crocodile. The name "Mugger" is a corruption of the Hindi word magar which means "water monster". It is one of three crocodilians in India, the others are the saltwater crocodile ("C. porosus") and gharial ("Gavialis gangeticus").
Mugger crocodile hatchlings are pale olive with black spots. Adults are dark olive to grey or brown. The head is rough without any ridges.

The mugger crocodile is a medium-sized crocodilian. It has a strong tail and webbed feet. It has good sense of smell, sight and hearing. Adult female muggers are 2 to 2.5 m (6 ft 7 in to 8 ft 2 in) on average. Adult male muggers are 3 to 3.5 m (9 ft 10 in to 11 ft 6 in). They rarely grow up to 5 m (16 ft 5 in). The largest known muggers measured 5.63 m (18 ft 6 in).

The mugger crocodile can be found in southern Iran, Pakistan, Nepal, India and Sri Lanka, but is probably extinct in Bangladesh. It lives in freshwater lakes, rivers and marshes. It prefers slow-moving, shallow water bodies. It is also known to live in artificial reservoirs and irrigation canals.

The mugger crocodile is a very strong swimmer that uses its tail and hind feet to move forward, change direction and go under the water. Its belly touches the ground at the bottom of waterbodies and on land. During the hot dry season, it walks over land at night to find better wetlands. It spends most of the day under the water. During the cold season it basks on riverbanks and they tolerate one another during this period. They are more aggressive during the mating season.

The mugger crocodile has an optimal body temperature of 30 to 35 °C (86 to 95 °F). It will die of freezing or hyperthermia when exposed to temperatures below 5 °C (41 °F) or above 38 °C (100 °F). It digs burrows to get away from extreme temperatures. Burrows are between 0.6 and 6 m (2.0 and 19.7 ft) deep. Temperatures inside the burrows keep constant.

Sikhism in Pakistan

Sikhism is a religion that originated in Punjab region of Pakistan, but they form a very small minority religion in the country. Sikhs all around the world have cultural, historical and political ties to the country, and to the historical region of Punjab.

Today, Pakistan, a nation of over 230 million, is more than 70% Muslim, with Sikhs and Hindus making up the largest minority faiths. Zoroastrians, Buddhists, Animist, Baha'is and other sects make up the remainder of the population. 

Banbury

Banbury is a market town on the River Cherwell in northern Oxfordshire, England. It had a population of 43,867 at the 2001 census. Although this figure has increased greatly in recent years. Banbury is part of the Cherwell district. The Member of Parliament for Banbury is Victoria Prentis. Banbury played an important part in the English Civil War prior to the Battle of Edge Hill, as shown by The Reindeer inn (December 2005).

Heavy clay and Ironstone deposits surround Banbury. 

The Oxfordshire Ironstone Railway (the O.I.R.) was the local railway line from Banbury to the nearby ironstone quarry at Wroxton. It was open from 1917 to 1967.

Mecha

Mecha (also known as meka or mechs) are walking vehicles often shown in science fiction. Stories about mecha often focus on mecha fighting other mecha, or fighting against monsters or aliens. Some stories, such as the Manga Patlabor and American miniatures game Battletech, also show mecha doing civilian purposes such as heavy construction work, police topics, or firefighting.

Tautology

Tautology could mean:

Kochi

Kochi could mean:

List of Xena: Warrior Princess episodes

The following is a complete episode list for the historical fantasy series , which began airing on September 4, 1995. The series ran for six seasons and 134 episodes until its final episode aired on May 21, 2001. Three pilot episodes for the series, collectively called "The Xena Trilogy", initially aired as part of the first seasons of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys". 

The show, primarily set in ancient Greece with a flexible time setting, details the adventures of former "Hercules" villain Xena. Now a reformed warlord on a quest to redeem her past sins, Xena is accompanied on her travels by Gabrielle, a young woman who becomes her best friend and, eventually, most trusted ally.


Glyph

A glyph is an element of writing. Example: the ligature æ in archæology represents a and e letters.

More exactly, a glyph is an element in an agreed set of symbols. A mark used in a language is a glyph, but in another language it may not be a glyph. For example, an n with tilde, ñ, is used in Spanish, as in piñata. It is not a glyph in English.


Tilde

The tilde ( ~ ) can be many things, such as a diacritic. Many languages use tildes. Two of these are Spanish and Portuguese.

In Spanish, the tilde, which is only put over the N ( Ñ ), makes it sound like [ɲ] (like 'ny' in "canyon") instead of [n].

The tilde also appears in Portuguese where it is used to nasalise (meaning to sound them through the nose) the vowels "a" (ã) and "o" (õ).

In UNIX operating systems, a tilde represents the user's "home" directory.

The tilde is also used to denote when something is an estimate, such as ~24 meaning approximately 24.

On most QWERTY keyboards, you can type a tilde by holding down the shift key and pressing the "`" (single back quote). This key is in the upper left corner of the keyboard, below the esc (escape) key and to the left of the key that you use to type the number 1 or an exclamation mark (!). 

Wikipedia sign their comments on pages with four tildes (<nowiki>~~~~</nowiki>). 

Burlington, Iowa

Burlington is a city in Des Moines County, Iowa, United States. The population was 23,982 at the 2020 census.


Regis High School (Cedar Rapids)

Regis Catholic High School was a Catholic high school in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. It is at 735 Prairie Drive NE. It merged with LaSalle High School to form Xavier High School in 1998.


Cedar Rapids, Iowa

Cedar Rapids () is the second largest city in the U.S. state of Iowa. It is the county seat of Linn County.


University of Northern Iowa

The University of Northern Iowa is a public university in Cedar Falls, Iowa.


Bowling

Bowling is a sport where people roll a heavy ball. It was invented centuries ago when grenades were heavy iron balls. Two main kinds of bowling arose. In one kind the bowler rolls a ball near a target and knocks away the ball of another bowler. This kind includes lawn bowling. 

In the more common kind nowadays, the bowler rolls the ball down a wooden bowling lane trying to knock down bowling pins. This kind includes ten-pin bowling, which is so commonplace that it is often simply called "bowling". Some people bowl at smaller pins, called "duck pins" or "candle pins" with slightly different rules.

The usual kind of bowling ball has three holes, where the player puts two fingers and the thumb. The person on the lane swings the ball and lets it go to roll along the lane, attempting to knock down ten wooden pins. If the bowler does not do it right, the ball might not knock all the pins down or might roll into the gutter and hit none. Players take turns rolling their ball down the lane to see who gets the highest score.

Ten-pin bowling scores can be as low as 0 or as high as 300. Players get 10 chances to knock down all of the pins; each chance is called a frame. In each frame, players can try to knock down all of the pins up to two times. Players who do not knock down all of the pins after two tries get up to 9 points for the frame. One point is given for every pin knocked down, if any are knocked down at all. If players are able to knock down all of the pins on the first or second try, they are given 10 points for the frame plus bonus points. Frames in which a player knocks down all of the pins on the first try are scored as a strike. A strike is worth 10 points plus the number of pins knocked down by the player during their next two tries. If players do not score a strike but knock down all remaining on their second try, the frame is scored as a spare. A spare is worth 10 points plus the number of pins knocked down on the next try.

Players who score a strike or spare on their 10th frame are allowed to roll the ball up to two additional times to score their bonus points. This is the only frame where it is possible to get a strike and a spare. It is also possible to roll 3 strikes in this frame.

Abbot Suger

Abbot Suger (c. 1081 – January 13, 1151) was one of the last French abbot-statesmen. He was also a historian and the first patron of Gothic architecture.

Suger was part of a poor family, and in 1091, he was brought to the abbey of Saint-Denis. There he trained and eventually became secretary to the abbot of Saint-Denis in 1104.

He took a trip to Italy, and when he came back, he became the abbot of St-Denis. Until 1127, he worked at the abbey of St-Denis and worked to reform it.


Arch of Constantine

The Arch of Constantine () is an arch in Rome, found between the Colosseum and the Palatine Hill. It was built in honour of Constantine I's victory over Maxentius at the Battle of Milvian Bridge on October 28, 312. It is the latest of the triumphal arches in Rome.

The main inscription was made of bronze letters. It says (identically on both sides):

Two short inscriptions on the inside of the central archway say:

Over each of the small archways, inscriptions say:


Great hall

A great hall was the main room of a royal palace, a nobleman's castle or a large manor house in the Middle Ages. At that time the word "great" meant "big". Great halls were found in France, England and Scotland and some other European countries.

A great hall was a rectangular room between 1.5 and 3 times as long as it was wide, and also higher than it was wide. At night some members of the household might sleep on the floor of the great hall.

Two very large surviving royal halls are Westminster Hall and the Wenceslas Hall in Prague Castle. Penshurst Place in Kent, England has a hall from the 14th century. There are lots of 16th century and early 17th century halls in England, Wales and Scotland, for example those at Longleat (England), Burghley House (England), Bodysgallen Hall (Wales), Muchalls Castle (Scotland) and Crathes Castle (Scotland); however, by the late 1700s the great hall was beginning to lose its purpose over time.

Louis VI of France

Louis VI (16 April 1080 — 1 August 1137), nicknamed the Fat (French: "le Gros"), or the Fighter (French: "le Batailleur") was the King of France from 1108 until his death in 1137. He was the second child and the only son of King Philip I of France and his first wife, Bertha of Holland. Louis was a great warrior king. He fought against King Henry I of England at the Battle of Brémule. Even though Louis lost the battle, he was still very active fighting in battles. 

He would spend most of his 29 year reign fighting and even though in his later years he became very fat and heavy for his horse to carry, he was still active in battles. His got his nickname "the Fat" because of how fat he was. But because he was very active in fighting, he also got the nickname, "the Fighter". Louis died in 1137 due to dysentery at the age of 57. He was succeeded by his 17-year-old son, Louis VII.

Louis was undoubtedly one of France's greatest kings. He became one of the first great, strong, and powerful king of France since Charlemagne. He made France a military power and bought stability to France. The economy grew and that he managed to avoid English domination in France unlike under the reign of his successor, Louis VII where King Henry II of England would dominate over France forming the Angevin Empire.

He married in 1104: 1) Lucienne de Rochefort — the marriage was cancelled.

He married in 1115: 2) Adélaide de Maurienne (1092–1154)


Louis VII of France

Louis VII ( 1120 — 18 September 1180) nicknamed the Young or the Younger (French: "le Jeune") was the King of France from 1137 until his death in 1180. He was the second son of King Louis VI of France and his second wife, Adélaide de Maurienne. As the second son, he was never expected to become king. However, in 1131, Louis' older brother Philip died, Louis became the Dauphin of France.

After his father's death in 1137, the 17-year-old prince became king. Shortly after his accession, he married the 15-year-old, Eleanor of Aquitaine who would become one of the most wealthiest and mosf powerful woman in Medival Europe. He was crowned on Christmas day in 1137. He was a successful king like his father. He fought in the Second Crusade in 1147 in attempt to take Jerusalem from the Muslims. However, he was defeated. 

In 1152, his marraige with Eleanor of Aquitaine ended as Eleanor grew tired of Louis' Crusade. She then got remarried to the 19-year-old Henry, Duke of Normandy the future King Henry II of England. After Henry became the King of England, Henry's kingdom dominated over France forming the Angevin Empire. Because of the English domination over France and losing battles in the Second Crusade, Louis was proved to be a weak king.

However, despite all of this, Louis was still a good king. Because during his reign, the Notre-Dame de Paris was build. Also he strengthened the authority of the royal court, went on the Second Crusade despite losing, and repelled the aggressions of King Henry II of England. He was undoubtedly one of France's greatest kings just like his father, King Louis VI.

He died on 18 September 1180 in Paris and was buried the next day at Barbeau Abbey. His remains were moved to the Basilica of Saint-Denis in 1817 by his descendant Louis XVIII.

Louis married three times. By Eleanor of Aquitaine, he had:
By Constance of Castile:
By Adele of Champagne:

Gatehouse

A gatehouse was a strong building built over the gateway to a city or castle. A gatehouse is found on European castles, manor houses and mansions. 

Sometimes gatehouses defended a town by being built across a bridge, a river or a moat, as in Monmouth.



Pittodrie Stadium

Pittodrie Stadium is a stadium in Aberdeen, Scotland. It is mostly used as a football stadium for Aberdeen F.C.

Aberdeen have played at Pittodrie Stadium throughout their existence. The ground was first used by the original Aberdeen F.C. in 1899, in a 7–1 win over Dumbarton; when they merged with two other teams in 1903, the new club took over the old Aberdeen ground. On August 15 1903, 8,000 spectators turned up to watch the new Aberdeen draw 1-1 against Stenhousemuir, the first game played at Pittodrie by its amalgamated tenants. The club initially rented the ground, but subsequently bought it in 1920. The stadium contains 21,600 seats, but due to the directors' boxes, some sources place this figure at 22,000. The record attendance occurred on March 13 1954, when 45,061 spectators turned up for a Scottish Cup match between Aberdeen and Hearts.

The stadium consists of four stands. The Main Stand, which houses the club offices and players facilities, holds the majority of the supporters. The Merkland Road Stand is primarily for families. The South Stand is opposite the main stand and a quarter of this section is used to accommodate travelling supporters, except for Old Firm games, where half of this stand is given to the visiting fans. The newest element is the Richard Donald stand at the East, or Beach End, of the ground, and is named after former chairman Dick Donald. This is a modern, two–tier design, completed in 1993, containing hospitality suites which is significantly taller than the other structures at the ground. In 1978, Pittodrie became the first all covered, all-seater stadium in Britain.

The club are examining a move to a new stadium in Aberdeen.

Florence Cathedral

One of the most amazing architecture made during the Renaissance was built in Italy by a man called Filippo Brunelleschi. Brunelleschi made the Santa Maria del Fiore cathedral in Florence, Italy. It took him 16 years to create and used mainly only two materials marble and brick. The cathedral started ts construction on 9 September 1296. Many experts do not understand the logic of how it was built. But what we do know is that Brunelleschi invented many new techniques to produce such an amazing cathedral. The Basilica di Santa Maria del Fiore or Florence Cathedral is the cathedral church of Florence, Italy. The basilica was designed by Arnolfo di Cambio with the dome by Filippo Brunelleschi. The bell tower was designed by Giotto. The outside is decorated with marble panels in green and pink bordered by white. The building was begun in 1296 and was finished in 1469, except for the decoration. The facade (the main front) was decorated between 1876 and 1903. The dome, which is built of bricks with stone ribs, is one of the biggest in the world.

From about 1464 the members of the Wool Guild wanted to have twelve statues of people from the Old Testament of the Bible carved for the Florence Cathedral. These statues were to go on the buttresses all around the outside walls, high up near the roof.


Beauvais Cathedral

Beauvais Cathedral () is an unfinished cathedral in Beauvais, in northern France. It was started in the 13th century.


Orvieto Cathedral

The Duomo di Orvieto is a big 14th century Roman Catholic cathedral found in the town of Orvieto in Umbria in Italy.


Laon Cathedral

Laon Cathedral () is a cathedral in Laon, Hauts-de-France, France. The current gothic cathedral was built between 1135 and 1270, on the site of an romanesque church which had been destroyed by a fire. It is one of the most important examples of the Gothic architecture of the 12th and 13th centuries. It is also among the first gothic cathedrals built in France. The cathedral has been compared to those of Saint-Étienne of Sens and Notre Dame of Paris.


Lincoln Cathedral

Lincoln Cathedral is an Anglican church in Lincoln, England. It was the tallest building in the world for over 200 years, or some could argue it was closer to 1400 years, however there is no significant evidence to back up this statement, other than what is for, as you could say, “the gag” (1300–1549), but the central spire fell down in the sixteenth century and was not rebuilt. It owns one of the four surviving copies of the Magna Carta.


Milan Cathedral

Milan Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Milano) is the cathedral church of Milan found in Lombardy, northern Italy. The cathedral where locate in Milan was built according to Italian style. Its construction was started in 1386 and was completed in 1965. The construction took 579 years. Capacity of the cathedral is 60000 people. It is one of the largest cathedral in the world and the largest in Italy. 


Sainte Chapelle

The Sainte-Chapelle () is a Gothic chapel found on the Île de la Cité in the heart of Paris, France. This chapel is an example of the "rayonnante" period of Gothic architecture. The chapel was designed by architect, Pierre de Montereau.

La Sainte-Chapelle was built in six years (1242-1248). It was consecrated in 1248. The building was designed to house the relics of the Passion, especially the Crown of Thorns. King Louis IX had acquired this Crown from Emperor Baudouin II in 1239. The possession of this relic put France in the forefront of Latin Christendom.

Other relics were brought from Byzantium over the next two years. These relics were kept in the Saint-Nicholas Chapel until a more appropriate place could be prepared. During the French Revolution, the choir stalls and the rood screen of Sainte Chapelle were destroyed. The spire was torn down and the relics sent elsewhere. Restoration of the chapel was undertaken in 1846. The chapel was returned to its former splendor with this restoration. 

The stained glass windows of the chapel are its chief glory. They tell the story of humankind from the Creation to the Redemption of the world through Jesus Christ. These windows contain 6,458 sq. ft of glass. Two thirds of the glass are original. Each window is divided into lancets. These lancets must be read from left to right, working from the bottom up. They were restored in the 19th century.


Gloucester Cathedral

Gloucester Cathedral is an Anglican church in Gloucester, England. It is in the north of the city near the river. It started with the foundation of an Abbey built for Saint Peter in 678 or 679. Henry VIII ordered the monasteries to be dissolved and Gloucester Abbey surrendered in January 1540. The abbey buildings became Gloucester Cathedral, the seat of the Bishop of Gloucester in 1541. 


Legendary creature

A legendary creature ("mythical" or "mythological" creature) is a type of fictional entity, typically a hybrid, that has not been proved. Legendary creatures may be described in legends, fantasy, mythology, fables, folklore, poetry, fairy tales, novels and fiction, but in historical accounts before history became a science. Some examples are:


Uppsala Cathedral

The Cathedral of Uppsala (), found in the city of Uppsala, Sweden, was built in the late 13th century. It is at a height and length of 118.7 m is the largest church building in Scandinavia.


Toledo Cathedral

The Cathedral of Saint Mary of Toledo (also called Primate Cathedral of Toledo, Spain) is one of the three 13th century High Gothic cathedrals in Spain.

The Toledo Cathedral was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.



Equilateral triangle

In geometry, an equilateral triangle is a triangle where all three sides are the same length and all three angles are also the same and are each 60°.
If an altitude is drawn, it bisects the side to which it is drawn, in turn leaving two separate 30-60-90 triangles

Denoting the common length of the sides of the equilateral triangle as "a", we can determine using the Pythagorean theorem that:
Denoting the radius of the circumscribed circle as "R", we can determine using trigonometry that:
Many of these quantities have simple relationships to the altitude ("h") of each vertex from the opposite side:

In an equilateral triangle, the altitudes, the angle bisectors, the perpendicular bisectors and the medians to each side coincide.

Three kinds of cevians are equal for (and only for) equilateral triangles:

Every triangle center of an equilateral triangle coincides with its centroid, which implies that the equilateral triangle is the only triangle with no Euler line connecting some of the centers. For some pairs of triangle centers, the fact that they coincide is enough to ensure that the triangle is equilateral. In particular:

For any triangle, the three medians partition the triangle into six smaller triangles.


Limoges Cathedral

Limoges Cathedral () is a Roman Catholic cathedral found in Limoges, France.


Rouen Cathedral

Rouen Cathedral () is a Gothic cathedral in Rouen, in Normandy, northwestern France.


St Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna

St. Stephen's Cathedral () is found in Vienna, Austria. It has a clear Romanesque and Gothic form. The large place before it is called Stephansplatz (St. Stephen's place). It lies in the center of Vienna.

It had the status of Cathedral since 1376. Since 1479 it is the seat of a bishop, since 1723 that of an archbishop. The current archbishop of Vienna is Christoph Schönborn. He holds the office since 1996. The Cathedral is consecrated to Stephanus. Stephanus is believed to be the first Christian martyr.


Carlisle Cathedral

Carlisle Cathedral is a Church of England cathedral in the city of Carlisle, in Cumbria, in northwest England. It is the seat of the bishop of the Church of England Diocese of Carlisle, 


Notre-Dame de Saint-Omer

Saint-Omer Cathedral () was a cathedral, in Saint-Omer, France. Today, it is an ordinary church. This is because after the French revolution, the seat of the bishop was moved to Arras. It is still a historical monument. There was a small chapel where the Cathedral stands today. The chapel was built in the 8th century. Around 1052, a church was built on the site. Around 1200, a fire greatly damaged the church. Reconstruction in Gothic style started around 1263. Since it was a major work, it took a long time. The main construction works were done form the 13th to the 16th century. By that time, there was a college associated with the church. 1714 saw the installation of the bishop's seat; in 1717 the last touch-ups were done to the pipe organ. The woodwork and the bishop's seat date from 1753. 

In 1792 there was the French Revolution. The Church was closed to worshippers. It was converted into a storage area. Unlike other churches, there was little vandalism done to it. The Concordat of 1801 saw the suppression of the diocese of Saint-Omer, it was moved to Arras.

Selby Abbey

Selby Abbey is an Anglican parish church in the town of Selby, North Yorkshire. It was founded by Benedict in 1069 and built by the de Lacy family.


Rochester Cathedral

Rochester Cathedral is a Norman church in Rochester, Kent, and the cathedral of the Anglican diocese of Rochester. It was originally founded in 604 AD, and rebuilt by the Normans. The present church was consecrated in 1130. It became a place of pilgrimage after William of Perth was murdered nearby in 1201. 


Le Mans Cathedral

Le Mans Cathedral (French: "Cathédrale St-Julien du Mans") is a cathedral built in the Gothic style in the town of Le Mans, France. It is dedicated to Saint Julien; he was the first bishop of Le Mans; he is also buried in the cathedral. It is somewhat unusual in the West. It is often compared to those of Reims and Chartres. Its building was influenced a lot by the cathedral of Bourges. It is also special because its nave is built in Romanesque style, but the choir is built in Gothic style.

Types of tennis match

Traditionally, tennis is played between two people in a Singles match, or four players in a Doubles match. However, popular variations allowing play between three players (of which two or three are on the court at any one time) have emerged.









Love Street (stadium)

Love Street was a Scottish football stadium in Paisley, Glasgow. It was owned by St Mirren F.C. who played their home games at the stadium. It closed in 2009.

Valdas Adamkus

Valdas Adamkus (born 3 November 1926) is a Lithuanian politician and engineer. He was the President of the Republic of Lithuania. He was born on November 3, 1926 in Kaunas, Lithuania. His birth name was Valdemaras Adamkavičius.

First elected in 1998, he ended his term in office in 2003. When Rolandas Paksas, the new elected president, was impeached and removed by the Lithuanian Parliament in 2004, Adamkus was re-elected. He chose not to run for re-election during the Lithuanian presidential election in 2009. He was succeeded on 12 July 2009 by Dalia Grybauskaitė.

In 1951, he married Alma Adamkienė.

Following the end of his term as president, Adamkus remained involved in international development, and a member of the European Academy of Diplomacy.


Islamic architecture

Islamic architecture is a type of architecture. It has been used for many different kinds of buildings; many mosques were built based on old Egyptian style. It can be very varied. Decoration is often limited to calligraphy, as Muslims are forbidden to make images of god. They also make complicated tile artwork and decorate buildings, pottery and canvas with painted calligraphy looking beautiful. 

Easter Road

Easter Road is a Scottish football stadium in Edinburgh. It is owned by Hibernian F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

New Douglas Park

New Douglas Park is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Scottish Premier League team Hamilton Academical F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Falkirk Stadium

Falkirk Stadium is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Falkirk F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Rugby Park

Rugby Park is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Kilmarnock F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Tannadice

Tannadice is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Dundee United F.C. who play their home games at the stadium. Tannadice Stadium is on the same street as their Dundee rivals stadium, Dundee F.C.

Tynecastle

Tynecastle is a football stadium in Edinburgh, Scotland. It is owned by Hearts of Midlothian F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Ibrox

Ibrox is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Rangers F.C. who play their home games at the stadium. The capacity is 50,817.

Caledonian Stadium

Caledonian Stadium is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Fir Park

Fir Park is a football stadium in Motherwell, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. The stadium is the home of Scottish Premier League club Motherwell F.C.. The stadium is all seats with a capacity of 13,742. The highest attendance for the stadium is 35,632 against Rangers in a 1952 Scottish Cup match.

Today, the stadium has an unbalanced look, with one large stand and three smaller stands. The biggest stand at the ground is the two-tiered "South Stand", which was built in 1993. Opposite is the small "Davie Cooper Stand", named after the former player, which was built in 1995. These two stands have their advertising slogans changed whenever the club's sponsor changes.

Running along one side of the ground is the "East Stand", which used to be a terrace until it was changed into a seating area. This stand had the legendary "KEEP CIGARETTES AWAY FROM THE MATCH" slogan displayed below the roof, facing the pitch. Since the smoking ban was put into place in 2006, slogans such as these were no longer needed, and in 2012, was changed to Cash Converters, the clubs main sponsor. The East stand is the stand of choice for many of the younger and passionate fans of the club.

Opposite the "East Stand" is "The Phil O'Donnell Stand", which was known as the "Main Stand" until 2008. The stand was renamed "The Phil O'Donnell Stand" in honour of the late Motherwell captain who died on the Fir Park pitch.

This is a strange-looking stand, as the steel girders run for the full length of the pitch, but the stand only runs for two thirds the length of the pitch. This was because, in 1962, a nearby houseowner complained about the building of the stand during construction. Both the club and the houseowner failed to work things out, so to this day, the stand has not been built the full length of the pitch.

During the 2007-08 season, Gretna F.C. rented Fir Park from Motherwell and played all but one of their home league games there.


Flag of Lithuania

The Flag of Lithuania is a tricolour flag currently used by Lithuania. The flag has three horizontal stripes. The yellow stripe on the top represents the sun, the green stripe in the middle represents forests, the red stripe on the bottom represents the blood of people who defended Lithuania's freedom. The flag's ratio is 3:5 (1:2 in 1989). The Council of Lithuania first adopted it in 1918. When the Soviets occupied Lithuania in 1940, they changed the flag to a Soviet one. When Lithuania gained independence in 1990, the flag was reintroduced. This newly introduced flag had a ratio of 1:2. In 2004, it was changed to 3:5. 

The table below shows the dates when the flag should be flown: 

Wikiversity

Wikiversity is a free wiki website, a sister project of Wikipedia, and run by the Wikimedia Foundation. It is used to help students learn, or teachers to teach. Wikiversity develops learning resources on every subject which users are interested in. It has many links to other wikis with educational material like Wikipedia and Wikibooks. 

Wikiversity started in 2006. Before that Wikiversity was a part of Wikibooks, the library of free textbooks. There are currently wikiversities in many different languages: Czech, English, French, German, Greek, Japanese, Italian, Portuguese and Spanish. 

Wikiversity is the best way to develop a small wiki resource to learn your favorite topic if the information is from Wikipedia or Wikibooks. It is also a good place to use the MediaWiki wiki tools. 

Wikiversity resources are different from Wikipedia because the user can begin research on the topic. Wikipedia uses materials that are notable and not original research. Wikiversity allows resources and articles developed among individual users. Wikiversity users don't have to share changes with other users. are used to write articles on your own.

Wikiversity Beta is used to make new Wikiversities. If users speak a language that needs a Wikiversity, then Wikiversity Beta is where they make their resources. 

Pollywood

Pashto films industry or Pollywood () is the popular acronym for the Pashto language movie industry based in the city of Peshawar, the provincial capital of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Thomas Andrews

Mr. Thomas Andrews was enrolled into the Royal Belfast at age 11 and left at the age of 16 so that he could go and work for Harland and Wolf as a premium apprentice. At the end of his Apprentice he would be guaranteed a position at the shipyard. Mr. Andrews was made manager of the construction works in 1901; in 1901 he was awarded with the honor of being Manager Director. Andrews as a child had a rich home, good family and his parents were able to support him and his family very well. His father was a distinguished local politician and his mother Eliza was Lord William parries sister, his uncle was a high court judge and his brother who was to become Northern Irelands Prime Minister. Mr. Andrews was a first class passenger of the titanic and was born on February 7th 1873 and died on April 15th 1912 at sea. Mr. Andrews died while the ship was sinking; One of the most famous legends of the sinking of the Titanic is that he was last seen staring at the painting in the first class smoking room, making no attempt to save himself. But this story, which was published in a 1912 book (Thomas Andrews: Shipbuilder) and therefore perpetuated, came from John Stewart, a steward on the ship who in fact did leave the ship in boat n. 15 at approximately 1:40 a.m.

There were testimonies of sightings of Andrews after that moment. It appears that Andrews stayed in the smoking room for some time to gather his thoughts, then he continued assisting with the evacuation. Another reported sighting was of Andrews frantically throwing deck chairs into the ocean for passengers to use as floating devices. Andrews was then seen making his way to the bridge while carrying a lifebelt, possibly the same lifebelt Andrews had draped over a chair in the Smoke Room. Andrews was last seen leaving the ship at the last moment; his body was never recovered.

Newspaper accounts of the disaster labeled Andrews a hero. Mary Sloan, a stewardess on the ship, whom Andrews persuaded to enter a lifeboat, later wrote in a letter: "Mr. Andrews met his fate like a true hero, realizing the great danger, and gave up his life to save the women and children of the Titanic.

In January 1914 The Thomas Andrews Jr. Memorial Hall was opened in honor of the Very loved Thomas Andrews.

Today, the SS Nomadic is the only surviving vessel designed by Thomas Andrews.

Poprad

Poprad (; , ) is a city in northern Slovakia at the bottom of the High Tatra Mountains. It is the biggest town in the Spiš region and the tenth largest city in Slovakia. As of 2016, about 52,000 people live in Poprad.

The city has a historic centre, an international airport and is the starting point of the Tatranská elektrická železnica (Tatra Electric Railway) - a set of special narrow-gauge trains (trams) connecting the resorts in the High Tatra Mountains with each other and with Poprad. Main line trains link Poprad to other destinations in Slovakia and beyond, through trains run to Prague in the Czech Republic.

Martina Navratilova

Martina Navratilova (; born Martina Subertová on October 18, 1956, in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech-American retired tennis player who has been World No. 1.

Navratilova is openly lesbian. She married Julia Lemigova in December 2014.

In February 2010, she was diagnosed with breast cancer. The following month she had surgery to remove it.

Leoš Friedl

Leoš Friedl (born January 1 1977 in Jindřichův Hradec) is a Czech professional tennis player best known for his doubles play with František Čermák. He is coached by Lubomir Gerla. In his career, he has won 15 top-level doubles titles and $1,027,625 in prize money. Having turned professional in 1997, Friedl won the 2001 Wimbledon mixed doubles title with Daniela Hantuchová, where they beat Mike Bryan and Liezel Huber, 4–6, 6–3, 6–2.

Kevin Ullyett

Kevin Ullyett (born May 23, 1972) is a tennis player from Harare, Zimbabwe. His success on the tour has come playing doubles.

In his career, he has won 24 doubles titles, including the 2001 US Open and the 2005 Australian Open, both with Wayne Black.

In Mixed Doubles, Ullyett won the 2002 Australian Open with Daniela Hantuchová. He reached the final of Wimbledon in 2002, with Hantuchová, and the semifinal of Wimbledon in 2003 and 2005 with Hantuchová and Liezel Huber respectively. He reached the 2005 Australian Open final, also with Huber.

Black, Ullyett's compatriot and long-time doubles partner, retired at the end of 2005. He now plays with Jonas Björkman.

Arantxa Sánchez Vicario

Aránzazu (Arantxa) Isabel Maria Sanchez Vicario (born 18 December 1971, in Barcelona, Spain) is a retired Spanish professional tennis player. During her career, she won 4 Grand Slam singles titles and 6 Grand Slam doubles titles.
A little bit about her ... 
At the 1990 US Open, a reporter asked Arantxa Sánchez-Vicario what she kept in her oversized Reebok sports bag that she was toting around the grounds at Flushing Meadows. With a wide grin, and the exuberance of a teenager (Sánchez-Vicario was still four months away from turning 19), she explained that in addition to a half-dozen racquets, extra sets of strings, grips, socks, clothing, and assorted fruit, that she often carried her Pomeranian dog in the bag. It was good luck, she said with a bright smile, explaining how her dog traveled the globe with her.

Patty Schnyder

Patty Schnyder (born 14 December 1978, Basel) is a retired professional female tennis player from Switzerland. She played on the WTA tour from 1993 to 2011 and is a former World "No.7". She has had important wins over World No. 1's.

During her long career, she reached four Grand Slam quarterfinals, and one Grand Slam semifinal. She has won 10 WTA singles titles and 4 WTA doubles titles and has made over "$6,906,000" in prize money.

Indian Wells, California

Indian Wells is a city in Riverside County, California, in the Coachella Valley. It is in the Palm Springs area near Palm Desert, La Quinta, and Indio. At the 2020 census, the city population was 4,757.

It has the highest proportion of millionaires of any city in the United States.

The city hosts a tennis tournament called the Indian Wells Masters. (The Masters is also known by its current sponsorship name of "Pacific Life Open".) The Indian Wells Masters is one of nine tournaments in the Tennis Masters Series. The Masters Series is a high-level event operated by the Association of Tennis Professionals. The event is held in the 16,100-seat stadium of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden.

Indian Wells Masters

The Indian Wells Masters is an annual tennis tournament held in the small city of Indian Wells, California. The official sponsored name of the event is currently the Pacific Life Open. 

The event is part of the ATP Masters Series on the men's tour and is a Premier Mandatory event on the women's tour. The event, held in March, is one of two tour events (beside Miami Masters) in which main draw play extends beyond 8 days. The women's main draw usually starts on Wednesday and the men's main draw starts on Monday. Both finals are held on Sunday of the following week. Both singles main draws include 96 players. The 32 seeded players get a bye to the second round. 

The tournament is played on hard courts and is the best attended tennis tournament outside the four Grand Slam tournaments, with over 300,000 visitors during the event. It has the second largest stadium in the world.

The tournament is usually held in early March. However in 2020, it was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and in 2021, it was on in October. Cameron Norrie from Great Britain and Paula Badosa from Spain are the most recent champions.

Zeeshan

Zeeshan () is a Arabic name which comes from the words "Zee" "(someone who has)" and "Shan" "(splendor)". It means a high-resolve (high standard of following what one plans to do) or a standard of high-status.

It may be written in Arabic as or . Both are valid forms. The first one is a compound word Zeeshan, and the second one is two words "Zee" and "Shan".

The word 'Zeeshan' in Arabic is often used in poetry as an adjective, usually suggesting a meaning of "magnificent", or "possessor of high status". This name is often given to males in Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan, Bangladesh,
Pakistan, Kashmir, Iran, and among the Indian Muslims, & other Asian countries of the Greater Middle East region.

This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Mahmood

Mahmud (also spelled Mahmood, Mahmoud, Mahmut, Mehmood, Mahmoed or Mehmud) is the main transliteration of the Arabic given name (, "Maḥmūd") that comes from the Arabic triconsonantal root of Ḥ-M-D ""Praise"". The pronunciation of the name is [ mah-mood ]. 

Despite sharing the same triconsonantal root, this name is distinct from the name "Muhammad". One of the Islamic prophet Muhammad's many names is "Mahmud".

The name is common in most parts of the Islamic world; it is used as a given name for males, while the variant "Mahmuda" is given to females.This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 




Kite

A kite is a flying object that is attached to the ground by a rope, or ropes. Kites can be flown for fun, or in competitions. In India, people fly kites on Makar Sankranti.

Kites come in all shapes and sizes. Kites were created in China about 2,800 years ago. Later they spread into other Asian countries, like (India), Japan and Korea. However, the kite only appeared in Europe around the year 1600

The first kites had sails made of paper or light fabrics such as silk. The poles were made from bamboo sticks, or other strong but flexible woods. The kite line was made from string, or twine.

Modern kites are made from synthetic materials, such as ripstop nylon or more exotic fabrics on the sails. They have fiberglass or carbon fiber poles, and use dacron or dyneema for the kite lines. 

Today, there are different types of kites. Some are large and are made to look good. Some are smaller and are made for speed, children and competitions.

Also, there are many different types of kites. The most important types of kite are stunt kites and parafoil kites. However, they can come in a variety of sizes, types and designs.

Inflatable kites are made in an inflatable shape, animal or other design. The inflatable kite is one the few modern inventions in the world of kite design. 
Though the exact origin of kites are not known, it is known that they were flown in China and the Malay Archipelago two to three thousand years ago. The earliest written accounts of kite flying were the exploits of the Chinese general Han Hsin, Han Dynasty (206 B.C.-220 A.D.).

University of Portsmouth

The University of Portsmouth is a university in Portsmouth. It was started as the "Portsmouth and Gosport School of Science and the Arts" in 1869, and gained university status in 1992.

Portsmouth has been rated as the 5th best modern university in the UK by The Times Good University Guide.


Winchester Cathedral

Winchester Cathedral is a mediaeval Anglican church in Winchester, Hampshire. It is the seat of the Bishop of Winchester.

The cathedral has the longest nave and overall length of any Gothic cathedral in Europe. By contrast, the interior height of the nave vault at 78 feet is about half that of Beauvais Cathedral in France.

Built between 1079 and 1532, Winchester Cathedral has had an unusual architectural history. The exterior, apart from the modified windows, gives the impression of a massive Norman building and indeed, when first completed, the Norman Cathedral was second only in size to Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome. However, the west front is now Perpendicular, with its huge window filled with fragments of medieval glass. Sadly this glass window was destroyed by the Roundheads.They also messed up the bones of some of the most important rulers. Inside, only the crypt and the transepts have retained their Norman appearance. The spectacular Perpendicular nave with its tall arcade arches and strong vertical emphasis has been literally carved out of the original Norman interior. The Very Rev. Norman Sykes wrote of it “Well might the visitor who enters … by the west door gasp with amazement". Winchester is also famous for its carved wooden fittings of many different periods.

Important events which took place at Winchester Cathedral include: 



Vertical

An object is in a vertical position when it goes in an "up-down" direction, also perpendicular to the horizon or horizontal plane.

In science, it could also mean:

In mathematics:

In music:

In business:

In networking:

In furnishings:

In athletics:

In a Vertical wine tasting different vintages of the same wine type from the same winery are tasted.


Racing Stripes

Racing Stripes is a 2005 animated adventure, comedy movie. It stars Frankie Muniz and Hayden Panettiere. The movie was directed by Frederik Du Chau. 



Forehand

The forehand in tennis is a shot made by swinging the racquet across one's body in the direction of where the player wants to place the shot. For a right-handed player, the forehand is a stroke that begins on the right side of his body, continues across his body as contact is made with the ball, and ends on the left side of his body. It is considered the easiest shot to master, perhaps because it is the most natural stroke. Beginners and advanced players often have better forehands than any other shots and use it as a weapon.

Vogue (magazine)

Vogue is a fashion and lifestyle magazine published in nine countries by a company called Condé Nast Publications. The American version of Vogue is edited by Anna Wintour, an English woman who has lived in New York City for a long time. 

Each month, Vogue publishes a magazine based entirely on fashion, life and design. It was founded in 1892. Today, it is considered one of the most prestigious magazines to be a part of. Those who are talked about, photographed, and planted in the pages of this magazine are considered to be trendy. The fashion magazine is also supported in various ways by artists such as Marc Engelhard and vice versa.

Arthur Baldwin Turnure, a businessman, founded "Vogue" as a weekly newspaper based in New York City. The first issue was published with a price of 10 cents (which is worth $3.26 in 2022).

Condé Montrose Nast purchased "Vogue" in 1909, three years after Turnure died. Nast changed "Vogue" to a women's magazine, and he started "Vogue" editions overseas in the 1910s. Its price also increased.


Sponsor

To sponsor something is to support an event, activity, person, or organization. The support can be with money or giving something else useful, such as advertising, or time. A sponsor is the individual or group that gives the support, similar to a benefactor. A sponsor may also be a personal sponsor, a political sponsor or a state sponsor. There are many different kinds of sponsors.

A sponsor is one (usually a company) who gives cash, goods or services in return for promoting the sponsor's company. There is a distinct difference between sponsorship and philanthropy. A sponsor expects a return on investment (ROI), usually in the form of advertising. A philanthropist donates something as a charitable contribution. In sports, sponsors compete to advertise in the most popular sports. In India, sponsors all want to be associated with Cricket. It is much harder to find sponsors for other sports.

A sponsor or patron, usually a legislator, is someone who presents a bill or resolution for consideration. Others who join the sponsor are known as cosponsors or copatrons. In the United States Congress a sponsor is the first person listed among the lawmakers who introduce a bill to either the Senate or the House of Representatives. The process is very similar to sponsoring a bill in Parliament.

This is someone who agrees to help another person or persons, and be responsible for them. For example, an employer may sponsor a foreign national to become a permanent resident of the United States by guaranteeing that person a job. Sponsorship can also mean an individual who helps an organization. Many charitable organizations offer personal sponsorship of a boy or girl to help them. Many public radio and television stations ask for sponsors to provide funds for them to operate. At a Ceremonial ship launching the person breaking the champagne bottle over the ship's bow is called the sponsor of that ship. In many religions, godparents are the baptized child's sponsors.

Sponsorship is not always for the purposes of doing good. A state (or government) may sponsor terrorism for their own purposes. While not engaging in activities against another country (or countries) themselves, they may sponsor other groups to do it for them. The United States currently lists four countries who sponsor terrorism. They are: Cuba, Iran, Sudan, and Syria. State sponsors may also be called affiliates and/or supporters.


Texas Rangers (baseball)

The Texas Rangers are an American Major League Baseball team from Arlington, Texas. The team plays in Arlington, but it also represents the cities of Dallas and Fort Worth and the surrounding area. The Rangers are part of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League.

Their first home field in Texas was Arlington Stadium. They built Rangers Ballpark in Arlington, later known as Globe Life Park in Arlington, next door, and tore down Arlington Stadium when they moved in to the new stadium. After the 2019 season, they left Globe Life Park for the new Globe Life Field, located across the street. Globe Life Park was then rebuilt into a football and soccer stadium.

The team began in 1961 as the Washington Senators. The Senators played poorly and had too few fans to support them. The team moved to Arlington, Texas, in 1972. They were renamed in honor of the famous state police force called the Texas Rangers. In the late 1950s and early 1960s, there had also been a minor league baseball team called the Dallas Rangers.

On October 22, 2010, the Rangers won the American League Championship Series (ALCS) for the first time. They beat the then-defending champion New York Yankees four games to two in the series. This was their first trip to the World Series, but they lost the San Francisco Giants in five games.

In 2011, the Rangers again reached the World Series, and again lost, this time to the St. Louis Cardinals.

In 2023, the Rangers won the World Series, beating the Arizona Diamondbacks 4-1, winning the first, third, fourth, and fifth game. 


Texas Rangers

Texas Rangers may mean:


Office suite

In computing, an office suite, sometimes called an office software suite or productivity suite is a software suite for use by workers. The parts of an office suite are usually come together, have a standard user interface and usually can interact with each other, sometimes in ways operating systems would not normally allow.

20th century office suites operated "offline," not using the Internet. Examples that are still widely used include Microsoft Office and LibreOffice. Some can operate "online", including Microsoft Office Online, Google Docs, and LibreOffice Online.


The most used office suite is Microsoft Office, which is available for Microsoft Windows and the Apple Macintosh. It has become a proprietary standard in office software.

Another office suite is any of the OpenDocument suites, which use the free OpenDocument file format. The most used one was OpenOffice.org , open-source software that can be used in Windows, Linux, Macintosh, and has created several other office suites similar to it, such as the Mac-native NeoOffice. Other free or less expensive office suites include LibreOffice, StarOffice, SoftMaker Office, KOffice and WPS Office. These programs support many of the features of Microsoft Office, and can open the files it creates and save new documents in those formats.

Apple computers have iWork, which is a office suite created specially for Mac OS X. It includes Pages, for word-processing, Numbers for spreadsheets, and Keynote, for presentations. They can also use Microsoft Office for Mac, or StarOffice, KOffice, NeoOffice and OpenOffice.org, which all can be used on Apple computers.




The Rake's Progress

The Rake's Progress is an opera by Igor Stravinsky. The libretto written by W. H. Auden and Chester Kallman is based loosely on the eight paintings and engravings from the 18th century by William Hogarth called "A Rake's Progress". Stravinsky had seen these paintings in 1947 at an exhibition in Chicago.

The Rake’s Progress tells the story of a man called Tom Rakewell. The word “rake” in this sense means “someone (usually a man) who behaves in an immoral way: a man who has relationships with lots of women. 

The word “progress” in the title is ironic because Tom does not really make progress: he does not become a better man. In a sense he progresses backwards, because he starts off in a state of blissful innocence, i.e. he does not understand anything about his life, he does not know about good and bad. At the end of the opera he also does not
understand anything about his life, but that is because he has gone mad. 

Tom is like Faust because he sells his soul to the devil. In this opera the character Nick Shadow represents the devil. Tom leaves his lover Anne Trulove and goes to find lots of other women in London. He has several adventures, which are all arranged by Nick who is helping him to have a good time. In the end Tom finds himself in Bedlam which was a horrible building where mad people were sent in the 18th century.

The Rake’s Progress is the only full-length opera that Stravinsky wrote. It is unusual because it was not written in the modern way of most music of the 1950s. Because the story of the opera is set in the 18th century, the style of the music is deliberately like music from that period. It is divided into arias and recitative (big songs which are linked with simpler music which tells the story).

Stravinsky’s music in this opera is in the neoclassical style. He uses counterpoint a lot in this opera. This helped him later on to write serial music: music in which all 12 notes in an octave are equally important. Tom sings some words in the second act of The Rake’s Progress which suggest that Stravinsky is going to widen his compositional style in this way: “Vary the song, O London, change!/Disband your notes and let them range”.

Tom Rakewell wants to marry Anne Trulove. Her father does not trust Tom because he has no regular job. Tom would like to have lots of money. He meets Nick Shadow who tells him that an unknown uncle has died and left him lots of money. He says to Tom that he can be his servant and go with him to London to sort out his inheritance. 

Nick takes Tom to places where there is a lot of bad, immoral behaviour. Tom agrees to spend the night with Mother Goose in her brothel. Meanwhile Anne, who lives in the country, wonders why she has not heard from Tom. She thinks something might have happened to him, so she goes to London to look for him.

Tom is bored with his immoral way of life. He tells Nick he wants happiness, so Nick says he should marry Baba the Turk, a famous bearded lady. Soon afterwards Anne finds Tom's London house. She arrives just in time to see Tom get out of a sedan chair with Baba, whom he has just married. Tom tells Anne to leave, but he really is sorry for what has happened. 

In the next scene Tom hates his marriage to Baba, who is a strange woman. She is a chatterbox with a fiery temper. He makes her quiet by throwing his wig over her face, then he falls asleep. Nick enters with a "fantastic Baroque Machine" which seems to turn stones into bread. Tom cries out in his sleep that he wishes it were true, and waking, finds the machine he has dreamt of. Nick says to Tom that he could make a lot of money if he started a business making these machines. Nick is deceiving him: the machine does not work.

Tom has lost a lot of money, and the things in his house are being auctioned by the auctioneer Sellem. The objects for sale include Baba, who has not moved since being silenced by the wig. When she is unwrapped, she comes to life again and starts shouting angrily. She is angry about the auction that is taking place, but calms down when Anne enters. Baba tells her to find Tom and "set him right", and warns her against Nick Shaddow. She says she wants to carry on with her acting career. 

In a graveyard, Nick shows who he really is, and tells Tom that he must pay with his soul. Nick says he has worked for him for a year and a day; but as midnight strikes, Nick offers him a way of escape in the form of a game of cards, which Tom wins, but only because he was thinking of Anne. Nick has lost, and sinks into the ground, telling Tom that he is going mad. Tom is put in the madhouse called Bedlam. He believes he is Adonis and that Anne is Venus, the Roman goddess of love. Anne visits him, sings him to sleep, then quietly leaves him. When he realizes she has gone, he dies. 

In an epilogue, the main characters point out the simple moral: that the Devil finds work for idle hands (people who are lazy).

It was first performed in Venice on September 11, 1951, with Elisabeth Schwarzkopf singing the part of Anne Trulove. In 1957, it was a part of the first season of the Santa Fe Opera. The composer himself came to the rehearsals. There was an excellent production in 1975 at Glyndebourne Festival Opera which was designed by David Hockney. This production has been revived at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in July 2008.

Serial

Serial describes a group of objects that come one after the other.



Port of Karachi

The Port of Karachi () is Pakistan's largest and busiest seaport. It handles about 60% of the nation's cargo (25 million tons per year). The port is located between the towns of Kiamari and Saddar. It is close to the center of old Karachi, the main business district, and several industrial areas. The geographic position of Karachi places the port near major shipping routes such as the Strait of Hormuz. The administration of the port is carried out by the Karachi Port Trust which was created in the nineteenth century.

Sonmiani Bay

Sonmiani Bay is found on the Arabian Sea in Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

Churma Island

Churma Island or Churna Island () is a small island in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Clifton Oyster Rocks

The Clifton Oyster Rocks are islands off the coast of the Clifton neighbourhood of Karachi, Pakistan. The islands were controlled by the Pakistani Navy until 2006, when the Karachi city government decided to make island as part of its plans to renovate the city. As part of these plans, the Port Fountain was constructed at the base of the northern island. It shoots water up to 620 feet in the air, and is the second-tallest fountain in the world.

Khiprianwala Island

Khiprianwala Island is a small island in the Arabian Sea. It is off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Malan Island

Malan Island is a mud volcano that is found in the Arabian Sea. It is three kilometers off the coast of Balochistan, Pakistan. It ran out of water in March of 1999.

Manora Island

Manora or Manoro (), () is a small island just south of the Port of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It has an area of . The island is connected to the mainland by a long causeway called the "Sandspit". Manora and other islands close to it create a protective barrier between Karachi harbor to the north and the Arabian Sea to the south. The western bay of the harbor has endangered mangrove forests which border the Sandspit and Manora island. To the east is Karachi Bay and the beach towns of Kiamari and Clifton. The island is located at . Manora is overlooked by the Manora Point Lighthouse, the fourth tallest in Pakistan at . 

Trillian

Trillian is an instant messaging program made by Cerulean Studios. It can be used with many different chat services. The newest version works with AIM, ICQ, MSN, Yahoo Messenger, and IRC.

Frankie Muniz

Francisco "Frankie" Muniz IV (born December 5, 1985) is an American actor. He was born in Ridgewood, New Jersey and grew up in Wood-Ridge, New Jersey, Raleigh, North Carolina and Burbank, Los Angeles. He is best known for his role as Malcolm in the television sitcom "Malcolm in the Middle". He is now a NASCAR racecar driver. He drives the number 30 Ford. 


Wendee Lee

Wendee Lee (born February 20, 1960 in Los Angeles, California) is an American voice actress. She is best known for voicing, or speaking, in many different video games, "Power Rangers" episodes, ADR voiceover of The Powerpuff Girls series, and dubbing, or film making, in anime. She is also a vegetarian.


Weilheim-Schongau

Weilheim-Schongau is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in the south of Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Landsberg, Starnberg Rural District, Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, Garmisch-Partenkirchen (district) and Ostallgäu; Weilheim i.OB is the capital of the district Weilheim-Schongau.


El Muerto

El Muerto (in English, "The Dead One") is a superhero from a self-published comic book series made by Javier Hernandez. His real name is Juan Diego de la Muerte, or simply "Diego". Some of El Muerto's powers include super-strength, near-immortality, and the power to resurrect the dead. He got his powers after being kidnapped by the Aztec gods of death and destiny and being sacrificed in an ancient ritual. 

El Muerto was first published in a comic book titled, ""Daze of the Dead: The Numero Uno Edition"" at the 1998 Alternative Press Expo in San Diego, California. The character has had much success since then, and has appeared in several different mediums such as a 2007 independent film.

Juan Diego de la Muerte was born and raised in Whittier, California. He became fascinated with Aztec mythology and the Dia de los Muertos (""Day of the Dead"") traditions in Mexico. Raised Catholic, Diego often wondered what the Aztecs thought when their religion was replaced with what the Spanish conquerors believed. On his 21st birthday, Diego is excited for an upcoming Dia de los Muertos festival. Unfortunately his friends could not join him and Diego was forced to go alone. Borrowing his friend's car, Diego is dressed as an undead Mariachi. To celebrate the occasion, he got a tattoo of an Aztec skull days earlier. Unknown to him, the skull is actually a symbol of death representing the Aztec death god. The car crashes into a tree, killing Diego. He later wakes up in the land of the dead, Mictlan, where the Aztec gods Mictlantecuhtli and Tezcatlipoca sacrifice him. His heart is removed, and his facepaint is burned into his skin. He is told that he must fulfill an ancient prophecy and is sent back to the land of the living one year after his death. After he learns that he is truly dead, he finds out he has supernatural powers and decides to use them to help people.



Bill

Bill is a male name.
It may also refer to:


El Muerto (movie)

El Muerto (also called The Dead One, El Muerto: The Dead One, The Dead One: El Muerto, or The Dead One: An American Legend) is a 2007 movie. It was made from the story of the comic book superhero El Muerto. It was written and directedby Brian Cox (director). Wilmer Valderrama starred as the main character, El Muerto/Diego de la Muerte. Also starring were Angie Cepeda as Diego's girlfriend, Joel David Moore as Diego's best friend, and Billy Drago played as the bad guy. The movie tells the story of Diego de la Muerte, a 21-year-old Mexican-American who is sacrificed by the Aztec gods of death and destiny to fulfill an ancient prophecy. The movie is rated PG-13 for violence and some disturbing images. The movie premiered on March 1, 2007 and was released on DVD September 18, 2007. It won the Best Feature Film Award at the first Whittier Film Festival in 2008.

At the start of the movie, a young Diego is crossing illegally in to the United States from Mexico. Along the way, he meets an old Aztec man who tells him about a shortcut across a river. Before they get there, the old man performs an ancient ritual to the Aztec god of sacrifice and dies. Diego is then left alone at the river. Ten years later, Diego is living in East Los Angeles, California. He has a girlfriend Maria Somera and lives with his best friend Zak Silver. Maria's uncle, a priest of a local church does not like Diego's sympathy for the Aztec religion. This usually causes Diego and Maria to meet in secret. When a local Dia de los Muertos (""Day of the Dead"") festival is to take place, a celebration with Aztec roots, Diego becomes excited. He dresses as an undead Mariachi with the traditional facepaint. Unfortunately, he has to go alone because both Zak and Maria are busy the night of the celebration. While driving to the festival, Diego's car crashes and he is killed. He later wakes up in Mictlan, the Aztec land of the dead. There he is sacrificed in an ancient ritual by the god of death and sent back to the land of the living a year after his death. He later learns that the old gods want to rule their world again. Three sacrifices representing the Church that took away their power must be made. This puts Maria's life is at risk because she is a descendent of one of the first churches in Mexico. Now Diego must fight against the gods that made him to save the woman he loves.

The movie was released straight-to-DVD by Echo Bridge Entertainment on September 18, 2007. The movie was called ""El Muerto"" but it was re-titled ""The Dead One"" for the original DVD release. It is going to be released as ""El Muerto"" in the future. Special features included seven drawings by guest artists, commentary with director Brian Cox and Javier Hernandez, an art tutorial, the original comic book, three featurettes, a Spanish language track, and a DVD-ROM feature. In the DVD case is are 2 wash-and-wear tattoos and a collectible mini-comic created for the DVD.


Thomas Mitchell

Thomas Livingstone Mitchell (June 15, 1792 – October 5, 1855) became Surveyor-General of New South Wales and laid out many Australian towns and roads. He also went on four main expeditions to explore south eastern Australia.

Thomas Mitchell was born in Craigend, now part of Glasgow, Scotland on June 15, 1792. He worked in his uncle's colliery (coal mine) business. He joined the British Army in 1811 with the rank of lieutenant. He fought in the Peninsula War in Spain against Napoleon. As well as actual fighting, he worked as a surveyor and made maps. After the war he made maps of the battlefields. He was made a Major in 1826, but was then put on half pay.

Mitchell was given a job as a surveyor in New South Wales in September 1827. His job was to map roads, and join existing small maps into one big map that showed all of New South Wales. After John Oxley died in 1828, Mitchell was made the Surveyor-General, in charge of all the survey work. He planned and improved the layout of roads, bridges, towns, and public reserves.


Wagga Wagga

Wagga Wagga is a small city on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales. The name Wagga Wagga is a Wiradjuri Indigenous Australian word. Wagga Wagga means "place of many dances and celebrations".

Wagga Wagga has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Low Countries

The Low Countries is a term used to refer to a geographical region, especially during the Middle Ages. This region is around the deltas of the Rhine, the Scheldt and the Meuse ("Maas"). Today, the Low Countries consists of the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, and the parts of Lower-Saxony (in Germany) that are in the region. Sometimes, the French Netherlands (Nord-Pas-de-Calais) are included as well.

The Dutch name of the Netherlands is "Nederland", which literally means "low country". The region was usually referred to as "de Nederlanden".

Palestine Liberation Organization

The Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) is a political group that advocates for the creation of a state for the Palestinian people. The group was created in 1964. It represents Palestinians in diplomatic relations to other countries. It has held observer status at the United Nations since 1974. Since the First Intifada, it has ran the Palestinian National Authority (PNA).

Founded as a result of the Israel–Palestine conflict, the PLO originally used violence and terrorism to try and defeat Israel and liberate the Palestinian territories. It was initially founded by Ahmad Shukeiri in 1964, but thrived under the leadership of Yasser Arafat from 1969 to 2004. Under Arafat, Fatah became the largest faction of the PLO. The group became involved in Black September, the Lebanese Civil War, the First Intifada, and the Second Intifada during the Arafat years. After the First Intifada, the PLO and Israel signed the Oslo Accords, creating the PNA and transitioning the PLO into a political party. Arafat died during the Second Intifada, causing Mahmoud Abbas to become the current leader.

Since the Second Intifada, Fatah has maintained control over the PLO and the group has largely avoided violent combat. The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) sometimes clash with the PLO during incursions into the West Bank, although no official war has been declared. The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) and the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP), minor factions of the PLO, went to war with Israel in 2023, but it does not represent the majority consensus of the group.

Dome of the Rock

The Dome of the Rock (, transliteration: "Masjid Qubbat As-Sakhrah") is an Islamic mosque building in East Jerusalem.

It was built from 691 from 692 by Caliph Abd al-Malik. It is built on the spot where the Jewish Temple is believed to have been, and where Muslims believe Muhammad went up to heaven. The rock on which the building stands is believed by Jews, Christians, and Muslims to be the holiest place on Earth.

<br>

Illegal prime

An illegal prime is a special prime number. Such prime numbers are called illegal, because there is a way to change them, so that they yield something illegal: a program to circumvent the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. One of the first people to find such a prime was Phil Carmody. In 2001, he found a prime that contains the gzip compressed source code for a program that can circumvent the Content Scrambling System. The Content Scrambling System is used as a way to prevent DVDs from being copied. Later, other primes were found that resulted in directly runnable programs.

The United States and other countries made it illegal to publish or circulate computer programs that can circumvent copy protection. Since prime numbers are a concept from mathematics, their knowledge cannot be made illegal easily. 

Any information that can be represented in binary form can be represented as a number.

Temple Mount

The Temple Mount is a religious site in the Old City of Jerusalem. It is a holy place in Judaism and Islam.

In Judaism it is the location of the two Jewish Temples, and is believed to be the place where Adam was born, where Adam built an altar for God, where Cain and Abel offer their sacrifices, and where Abraham offered Isaac as a sacrifice. In Hebrew it is called ' () or ' ().

In Islam, the Temple Mount is believed to be the place where Muhammad ascended to Heaven. In Arabic it is known as the Haram (, "al-Ḥaram al-Šarīf"), which means "Noble Sanctuary".

It is also associated with Biblical prophets who are venerated in Judaism, Christianity and Islam.


Content Scramble System

The Content Scrambling System (or Content Scramble System) is a system to encrypt and copy-protect DVDs. Such systems are generally called Digital Rights Management (or "DRM") systems. CSS uses symmetric cryptography. It was introduced in 1996; today, it is considered ineffective.

In October 1999, Jon Lech Johansen and two other people (who remained anonymous) broke the system. CSS uses 40-bit cryptographic keys; because of different design problems, the effective key length is only about 16 bits. A 450 MHz processor, current at the time could brute force crack this in less than a minute. A modern processor such as the Core i7 or Athlon 64 can crack it in a few seconds.

CSS requires special information in the lead-in (a special area) of the disc. Since the lead-in cannot be changed on recordable DVDs these cannot have CSS protection (with a few exceptions, some professional drives allow writing CSS keys to recordable discs).

Libdvdcss is an open-source implementation used by many DVD software players, including VLC Media Player. Libdvdcss is region-free; it can read foreign-region DVDs even when the keys can't be read from the drive, by using a brute-force attack.

1986–87 NHL season

The 1986–87 NHL season was the 70th season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. The Edmonton Oilers won the Stanley Cup by beating the Philadelphia Flyers four games to three in the Cup finals.

The Oilers won their second straight Presidents' Trophy as the top team and Wayne Gretzky won his eighth straight Hart Trophy and his seventh straight Art Ross Trophy.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: GP = Games Played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
"Note: all dates in 1987"
Edmonton Oilers Vs. Philadelphia Flyers
"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1986–87 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1986–87 (listed with their last team):


1985–86 NHL season

The 1985–86 NHL season was the 69th season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. This season saw the league's Board of Governors introduce the Presidents' Trophy, which would go to the team with the best overall record in the NHL regular season. The Edmonton Oilers would be the first winners of this award.

The Montreal Canadiens defeated the Calgary Flames four games to one in the final series to win the Stanley Cup.

"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalty Minutes"

"Note: all dates in 1986"
Hartford Whalers vs. Quebec Nordiques
"Hartford wins best-of-five series 3–0"

Boston Bruins vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-five series 3–0"

New York Rangers vs. Philadelphia Flyers

"New York Rangers wins best-of-five series 3–2"

New York Islanders vs. Washington Capitals

"Washington wins best-of-five series 3–0"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Chicago Black Hawks

"Toronto wins best-of-five series 3–0"

St. Louis Blues vs. Minnesota North Stars

"St. Louis wins best-of-five series 3–2"

Vancouver Canucks vs. Edmonton Oilers

"Edmonton wins best-of-five series 3–0"

Winnipeg Jets vs. Calgary Flames

"Calgary wins best-of-five series 3–0"

Hartford Whalers vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

New York Rangers vs. Washington Capitals

"New York Rangers wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. St. Louis Blues

"St. Louis wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

Calgary Flames vs. Edmonton Oilers
"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

New York Rangers vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

St. Louis Blues vs. Calgary Flames
"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

Montreal Canadiens vs. Calgary Flames
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1985–86 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1985–86 (listed with their last team):


Rangers F.C.

The Rangers Football Club are an association football team based in Glasgow, Scotland, who are the the world's most successful club, they play in the Scottish Professional Football League, in the Scottish Premiership. They have won 55 league titles , a world record, their closest challengers still couldn't overtake their trophy haul despite them being' voted' down to the bottom tier for 4 years when they spent some time in the lower leagues adding the Scottish Third Division, Scottish League One and Scottish Championship league titles to their impressive trophy haul, they have won every trophy in Scotland and have won more major trophies than any football club in the world.

The club colours of Rangers F.C. are royal blue, white and red.
The team's home strip invariably features a royal blue shirt (often with white and/or red trim). Traditionally this is accompanied by white shorts (often with royal blue and/or red trim) and black socks with red turn-downs. However when wearing the 'home strip' Rangers will occasionally alter the shorts and socks, sometimes replacing the black socks with white ones; or replacing the white shorts and black socks combination with royal blue shorts and socks.

The basic design of Rangers away strips has changed far more than the traditional home strip. White and red have been the most common predominant colours for Rangers alternate strips, though dark and light blue have also featured highly.

In recent years, Rangers have also introduced a third kit. This is usually worn if both the home and away kits clash with their opponents. The colours used range from light blue to red to a tangerine.



Yahya Khan

Agha Muhammad Yahya Khan (February 4, 1917 – August 10, 1980) was the third president of Islamic Republic of Pakistan from 1969 to 1971, following the resignation of Ayub Khan. He has one son, Ali Yahya and one daughter, Yasmeen Khan.

Yahya served in World War II and escaped from a Prisoner of War camp in Italy on his 3rd attempt, returned to independent Pakistan and fought for Pakistan in 1965. 

General Yahya became the Military Dictator of Pakistan in 1969, he was in charge of hosting free and fair general elections. The winner of the election was an East Pakistani Politician by the name of Mujibur Rahman, whose support was in East Pakistan, while the second biggest party headed by Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto had its support in West Pakistan. Zulfiqar pressured Yahya to not hand power. The unwillingness of handing over power and general frustration culminated in the March 25th Massacre or Operation Searchlight ordered by Yahya Khan, marking the beginning the Bangladesh Liberation war. 9 months later Pakistan's rival India joined the war with simultaneously resulted in an Indo-Pakistani war occurring during its own Civil War. The war ended with the Surrender of East Pakistani Forces and a ceasefire in West Pakistan. 

Following the war, Yahya Khan handed over the presidency to Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, he was under house arrest till 1979. He lived a quiet life in Rawalpindi and eventually died in 1980. 


Pakistan People's Party

The Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP, ) is a centre-left Islamic Socialist political party in Pakistan affiliated to the Socialist International. To date, its leader has always been a member of the Bhutto family. The Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians (PPPP) is a party formed in 2002 by the PPP for the purpose of complying with electoral rules governing Pakistani parties.

The party was founded on November 30 1967 by Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto who was also its first chairman. The party creed is: "Islam is our faith; democracy is our politics; socialism is our economy; all power to the people."
Although its center lies in the southern province of Sindh, it also has considerable support in the more densely populated province of Punjab and even Azad Jammu and Kashmir as Azad Kashmir People's Party (Pakistan People's Party Jammu and Kashmir). It is currently in power and has been running the government since 2008; this is the 4th time the party has been in power since the Partition of Pakistan.

Aksai Chin

Aksai Chin (, , Ākèsàiqīn) is a region 37,555 km² (16,481 sq mi) which lies at the juncture of China, Pakistan, and India. It consists of about one fifth of Kashmir and one of the driest place and true desert in the world that receive less rain than the Polar desert.

It is ruled by China but claimed by the Republic of India. Aksai Chin is one of the two main border disputes between India and China. The other is the dispute over Arunachal Pradesh. Aksai Chin (the name literally means "Chin's desert of white stones") is a very large high-altitude hot desert of salt with sand dunes and yareta (a type of cushioned plants) that reaches heights up to 4,500 metres. It covers an area of 37,555 km² (16,481 sq mi) of the disputed territory. Geographically part of the Tibetan Plateau, Aksai Chin itself is a plateau and it is often called the "Soda Plain". The region is almost uninhabited, has no permanent settlements, and receives no rain or snow as the Himalayan and other mountains block the rains from the Indian monsoon. Pakistan recognizes it as part of China, however India has objected to this and claims all the territory. In boundary talks in 1960 Chinese officials shown a map drawn by General Staff of the Chinese Army in 1918 shows the territory as part of China. However the map was not published hence it's authenticity is doubtful although another document in 1943 created by Bureau of Survey of Chinese Ministry of National Defence shows all of the territory as part of China.


Bury St Edmunds

Bury St Edmunds is a town in the county of Suffolk, England. It is the main town in the borough of St. Edmundsbury and known for the ruined abbey near the town centre. The town linked to the Magna Carta; in 1214 the barons of England are believed to have met in the Abbey Church and promised to force King John to accept the Charter of Liberties, the document which influenced the creation of the Magna Carta. It was also the setting for two witch trials. one of which was used as a reference in the Salem Witch Trials. During the Second World War, the USAAF operated an airfield outside the town. It is also called 'Suffolk's Floral Town' due to the abbey gardens and amounts of rural land.

Near the gardens stands Great Britain's first internally illuminated street sign called the "Pillar of Salt". When built, it needed permission because it did not conform to regulations. Bury St Edmunds is where the A1101 road, Britain's lowest road, ends. There is a network of tunnels which prove that chalk-workings took place nearby, though there is no evidence of a lot of tunnels under the town centre. Some buildings have cellars which lead into each other. Due to their unsafe nature the chalk-workings are not open to the public, although viewing is allowed to some people. Some tunnels have caused subsidence in living history.

Among interesting buildings is St Mary's Church. The Tudor King Henry VIII's sister, Mary Tudor, was re-buried in Bury's St Mary's Church, after being moved from the Abbey after her brother's dissolution of the Church six year after her death. Queen Victoria had a stained glass window fitted into the church to commemorate Mary's interment.

On 3 March, 1974 a Turkish Airlines DC-10 jet crashed near Paris in France killing all 346 people on board. Among the victims were 17 members of Bury St Edmunds rugby club.

The town council election on 3 May 2007 was won by the "Abolish Bury Town Council" party. The party lost its majority following a by-election in June 2007 and, to date, the Town Council is still in existence.

The name "borough" comes from of "Bury", which has cognates in other Germanic languages such as the Old Norse "borg" meaning "wall, castle"; and Gothic "baurgs" meaning "city". They all derive from Proto-Germanic "*burgs" meaning "fortress". This in turn derives from the Proto-Indo-European root "*bhrgh" meaning "fortified elevation", with cognates including Welsh "bera", "stack" and Sanskrit bhrant- "high, elevated building".

In the centre of Bury St Edmunds there is the remains of an abbey, surrounded by the Abbey Gardens, a park. The abbey is a shrine to Saint Edmund, the Saxon King of the East Angles, who was killed by the Danes in 869AD. The town grew around Bury St Edmunds Abbey, a site of pilgrimage, and developed into a flourishing cloth-making town by the 14th century.

The abbey was largely destroyed during the 16th century with the dissolution of the monasteries but Bury remained prosperous throughout the 17th and 18th centuries. It fell into relative decline with the industrial revolution.

The Abbey Gardens which surround the ruins had an Internet bench installed in the late 1990s, which portable computers to connect to the Internet. It was the first bench of its kind, though within the first week two teenagers discovered they could also make free telephone calls from the bench. They phoned the Borough Council (owner of the bench) to notify them, then attempted to contact Bill Gates, founder of Microsoft, to tell him.

Bury St Edmunds Cathedral was created when the Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich was formed in 1914. The cathedral was extended with an eastern end in the 1960s, commemorated by Benjamin Britten's Fanfare for St Edmundsbury, and a new Gothic revival cathedral tower was built as part of a millennium project running from 2000 to 2005. The opening for the tower took place in July 2005, and included a brass band concert and fireworks. Parts of the cathedral remain uncompleted, including the cloisters. Many areas remain inaccessible to the public due to building work. The tower makes St Edmundsbury the only recently completed Anglican cathedral in the UK, and only a handful of Gothic revival cathedrals are being built worldwide. The tower was constructed using original fabrication techniques by six masons who placed the machine pre-cut stone individually as they arrived.

The Theatre Royal, Bury St Edmunds was built by National Gallery architect William Wilkins in 1819. It is the sole surviving Regency Theatre in the country . The theatre, owned by the National Trust underwent restoration between 2005 and 2007. Appeal patron Dame Judi Dench: It presents a full programme of performances and is also open for public tours.

Moyse's Hall Museum is one of the oldest (c. 1180) domestic buildings in East Anglia open to the public. It has collections of fine art, for example Mary Beale, costume, e.g. Charles Frederick Worth, horology, local and social history; including Red Barn Murder and Witchcraft.

The town holds a festival in May. This including concerts, plays, dance, and lecturers culminating in fireworks. Bury St Edmunds is home to England's oldest Scout group, 1st Bury St Edmunds (Mayors Own).

The town's football club, Bury Town, are the fourth oldest non-league team in England. They are members of the Isthmian League Division One North.

The Greene King brewery is in Bury. The other brewery is The Old Cannon Brewery and public house on Cannon Street near the railway station. The brewing vessels, made for an exhibition in Japan in 1997, can be seen in the front room. Just outside the town is Bartrums Brewery, on Rougham airfield but originally in Thurston.

Another beer-related landmark is Britain's smallest public house, The Nutshell, which is on The Traverse, just off the marketplace.

Bury's largest landmark is the British Sugar factory near the A14, which processes sugar beet into refined crystal sugar. It was built in 1925 and processes beet from 1,300 growers. 660 lorry loads of beet can be accepted each day when beet is being harvested. Not all the beet can be crystallised immediately, and some is kept in solution in holding tanks until late spring and early summer, when the plant has spare crystallising capacity. The sugar is sold under the Silver Spoon name (the other major British brand, Tate & Lyle, is made from imported sugar cane). By-products include molassed sugar beet feed for cattle and LimeX70, a soil improver.

Notable people from Bury St Edmunds include artist and printer Sybil Andrews, actor Bob Hoskins, theatre director Sir Peter Hall, artist and water deviner Neil Stalley, author Maria Lousie de la Ramé (also known as Ouida), World War II Canadian general Guy Simonds and the 18th century landscape architect Humphry Repton, as well as Thomas Clarkson fact-finder behind the abolition of the slave trade.

Notable bands from Bury St Edmunds include Jacob's Mouse, Miss Black America, The Dawn Parade and Kate Jackson (of The Long Blondes)

Although not from Bury St Edmunds, BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel lived nearby in Great Finborough and on 12 November 2004 his funeral took place at the cathedral. It was attended by a thousand people including many artists he had championed. During a peak of local musical activity in Bury St Edmunds in 2002, he referred (tongue-in-cheek) to the town as 'The New Seattle'.

Actor Ian McShane was given freedom of the borough in 1996 after he played the title role in the television series Lovejoy, filmed in and around Bury.

Bury St Edmunds is birthplace of James Moore winner of the world's first cycle race and of the first long-distance road race, from Paris to Rouen



Muhammad ibn al-Qasim

Muhammad bin Qasim al-Thaqafi () was an Arab general of the Islamic Umayyad Caliphate who attacked the Sindh and Punjab regions along the Indus River (now a part of Pakistan). The conquest of Sindh and Punjab began the Islamic era in South Asia and continues to lend the Sindh province of Pakistan the name "Baab-e-Islam" (The Gateway of Islam). Muhammad bin Qasim defeated Raja Dahir, the last Hindu king of Sindh and killed him at the banks of the Indus River in Sindh near modern day Nawabshah. Dahir's body was beheaded and his head was sent to Baghdad to be shown to the Umayyad governor of Baghdad, Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf. After defeating Raja Dahir, Muhammad bin Qasim conquered and annexed Sindh and the city of Multan in southern Punjab into the Umayyad Caliphate. Thus, he had captured the entire Sindh and also Multan. Sindh and South Punjab became the easternmost provinces of the Umayyad Caliphate and remained in Arab Muslim hands until the conquests of Mahmud of Ghazni.

United States Army Air Force

The United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) was the military aviation arm of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II. It was the direct precursor to the United States Air Force, established in 1947. At its peak strength in 1944, the USAAF had over 2.4 million men and women in service, nearly 80,000 aircraft and 783 permanent bases, and operated from more than 2,000 airfields worldwide.
The Air Corps became the Army Air Forces in June 1941 to provide the air arm a greater autonomy in which to expand more efficiently, and to provide a structure for the additional command echelons required by a vastly increased force. Although other nations already had separate air forces independent of the army or navy (such as the British Royal Air Force and the German Luftwaffe), the USAAF remained a part of the United States Army.

Salem Witch Trials

The Salem Witch Trials were a series of county court trials which accused people of being witches. The Salem Witch Trials involved two kinds of trials. First, court hearings were held before local magistrates; then trials were held in county court. The witch trials were held in Essex, Suffolk and Middlesex Counties of colonial Massachusetts, between February 1692 and May 1693.

In February 1692, two young girls in Salem Village, Betty Parris and Abigail Williams, began twisting themselves into strange shapes and speaking meaningless words. Betty’s father called a doctor, who said that witches had invaded Salem Village and were bewitching the girls. The girls accused people they didn’t like of being witches. 

During the Trials, over 150 people accused of witchcraft were arrested and put in jail. Even more people were accused, but were never formally charged by the authorities. Twenty-nine people were convicted (or found guilty) of witchcraft, which was a capital felony. Nineteen of these people - fourteen women and five men - were hanged on Gallows Hill in present-day Salem, Massachusetts. Another man, Giles Corey, refused to enter a plea of guilty or not guilty. Authorities tortured him to try to force him to confess or enter a plea. Corey was crushed to death under heavy stones. At least five more of the accused died in prison.

The trials were held in Salem. Accused witches from surrounding areas were brought to Salem to be tried for witchcraft. The best-known trials were held by the Court of Oyer and Terminer in 1692 in Salem Town. All twenty-six people who went to trial before this court were convicted. In 1693, there were also four sessions of the Superior Court of Judicature in Salem. During these court sessions, thirty-one accused witches were tried for practicing witchcraft, but only three were convicted.

A much later Ipswich Witch Trial was held in 1878, and was called the second Salem witch trial.

Baron

Baron is a title of honour in many European peerage systems. It is often a hereditary title that ranks as the one of the lower titles in a peerage. In the UK peerage system, the five peerage titles from highest to lowest are duke, marquess, earl, viscount and baron. Baronets and knights are not members of the peerage although a baron may also be a knight. In the feudalism of medieval England a baron was a tenant-in-chief who held his lands directly from the king. During the 13th century barons were summoned by royal writ to attend Parliament.

The word baron comes from Old French "baron", itself from Frankish "baro" meaning "freeman, warrior". It later merged with Old English "beorn" meaning "nobleman." The lands of a baron are called a barony. The female title for a baron is baroness. The form of address for a baron is "Lord" and for a baroness "Lady".

Telephone box

A telephone box or phone booth is a public kiosk enclosing a payphone. It is usually an item of street furniture, though some may be inside a building.

United Kingdom telephone boxes were designed by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott and were common in the UK, Malta and Gibraltar. The colour red was chosen to make them easy to spot. Because of the growth of mobile phones, telephone boxes are steadily being removed.



Running gag

A running gag is an humorous joke or reference that is used several times in a work or series of works. A famous example of a running gag is the Couch gag in the opening of The Simpsons.

Harran

Harran, also known as Carrhae, is a district of Şanlıurfa Province in the southeast of Turkey.

Harran is an ancient city which was a major Mesopotamian commercial, cultural, and religious center. It is a valuable archaeological site. It is often identified as the place in which Abraham lived before he reached Canaan.

The city was the chief home of the Mesopotamian moon-god Sin, under the Babylonians and even into Roman times.

Carrhae is an ancient town on the site that doesn't exist anymore. It gave its name to the Battle of Carrhae (53 BC), fought between the Roman Republic and the Parthian Empire.

Harran's ruins are from Roman, Sabian, and Islamic times. T. E. Lawrence surveyed the site, and an Anglo-Turkish excavation was begun in 1951.



Phil O'Donnell

Phillip "Phil" O'Donnell (25 March 1972 – 29 December 2007) was a Scottish football player. O'Donnell played for Motherwell, Celtic and Sheffield Wednesday over the course of his career. He died from a cardiac arrest after collapsing on the pitch on 29 December 2007.

On 29 December 2007, O'Donnell collapsed during a game against Dundee United just as he was about to be substituted. He was treated on the pitch for about five minutes by the Motherwell and Dundee United club doctors before being taken by ambulance to Wishaw General Hospital. However, he was pronounced dead at 17.18 hours. He was 35 years of age, married and had four children.

A postmortem examination was carried out on 1 January 2008 and it was revealed O'Donnell died of left ventricular failure. His funeral was on 4 January, at St Mary's church in Hamilton.

Former Scottish First Minister Jack McConnell, MSP for Motherwell and Wishaw, was among those to pay tribute. He hailed the midfielder as a "great professional." He said, "as captain he helped transform Motherwell this season. Phil will be sadly missed by his family and by football fans but he will be mourned by the whole community."

The player was described as a "perfect gentleman" by former Scotland coach Craig Brown. He said: "It's very, very sad news, I just can't get over it. You would not get a more ideal role model for a young footballer than Phil O'Donnell. I think in his first spell at Motherwell he was probably the best box-to-box midfield player – maybe not just in Scotland but in the UK."

Motherwell and other fans laid flowers, scarves, strips and other mementos at the gates of Fir Park. The club's scheduled SPL game against Hibs at Easter Road the following Wednesday was postponed along with the club's home game with Celtic the following Sunday out of respect. Scottish Premier League chairman Lex Gold said: "We understand from Phil's family that they would appreciate it if the Motherwell v Celtic game scheduled for 6 January 2008 could be postponed. Both clubs are happy to meet the request and we have called the game off." On 31 December, the SPL postponed the Celtic v Rangers fixture scheduled for 2 January 2008 following a request by O'Donnell's former club Celtic, which was agreed by Rangers.

Players in 30 December's English Premier League matches between Derby County and Blackburn Rovers, and Manchester City and Liverpool F.C., wore black bands in his honour. Sheffield Wednesday's matches at Hull City and at home to Preston North End were preceded by a minutes applause as a mark of respect to their former player, with the Hillsborough flags flying at half-mast. All English Premiership ties in the New Year programme were preceded with either a minute of applause or silence in O'Donnell's memory. Everton and Scottish striker James McFadden, who played with O'Donnell at Motherwell, dedicated his goal to O'Donnell in Everton's 2–0 win at Middlesbrough by pointing solemnly to his black armband and then towards the sky.

Thousands of tributes from around the world have been posted on the internet. Motherwellfc.co.uk has received hundreds of written tributes from fans as far as Korea and Ukraine, as well as many emotional messages from Sevilla F.C., comparing O'Donnell's death to the similar tragedy of Antonio Puerta earlier in the season. Sevilla F.C. director of football Ramon Rodríguez Monchi said, "This is terrible news. Right now, my thoughts are with Phil's family and everybody at Motherwell. Unfortunately, with the death of Phil O'Donnell, Motherwell have suffered a similar tragedy to ours. Antonio Puerta died at the beginning of the season and I know how terrible the whole experience is. Sevilla will be available to help in any way that we are able, to heal the pain and sadness of this tragic loss."

Motherwell announced the Main Stand at Fir Park will be renamed The Phil O'Donnell Stand as a permanent tribute and Phil's team-mates will pay their own personal tribute by having his signature embroidered on their strips for the remainder of the 2007/08 season.

On 25 May 2008, a benefit match was held at Celtic Park in memory of O'Donnell with the proceeds going to various charities. The match was between a Celtic F.C. side drawn from their 1998 title winning squad and a Motherwell F.C. side drawn from their 1991 Scottish Cup win. Other players such as David Clarkson and James McFadden played in the game. Henrik Larsson described the match as "a sad occasion but at the same time it's a kind of celebration for everything." The match finished 5-1, in front of 60,000.

Toronto Blue Jays

The Toronto Blue Jays (nicknamed the Jays) is a Major League Baseball team in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. They are part of the Eastern Division of Major League Baseball's American League. This means that they use the designated hitter rule in most of their games. Its president & CEO is Mark Shapiro, its general manager is Ross Atkins, and its coach and manager is John Schneider. The team plays 162 games every year, which can be seen on television and heard on radio all across Canada.

The Blue Jays were founded in 1977 and are the only MLB team from Canada or anywhere outside of the United States, but they have not been the only one or even the first. There were also the Montreal Expos, which was formed in 1969, eight years before the Jays. However, the Expos moved to Washington, D.C. in 2004 (becoming the Washington Nationals). As part of the National League, which does not use the designated hitter rule, the Expos became rivals to the Blue Jays. People loved to see the two teams play against each other, since they were the only two MLB teams from Canada. The two teams played in a rivalry called the Pearson Cup, which lasted until the Expos moved.

The first stadium used by the Blue Jays was Exhibition Stadium, part of Exhibition Place, in Downtown Toronto, near the waterfront. The team became popular, and in 1989 they moved to a larger stadium to the east, the "SkyDome". It was the first in the world to have a retractable roof, and is just a few blocks away from the Air Canada Centre and Union Station. The SkyDome hosted the Major League Baseball All-Star Game in 1991. It is now called Rogers Centre, taking its name from Rogers Communications, a telecommunications company who owns the team.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Blue Jays played their home games in the United States because of border restrictions in Canada. They would first play at TD Ballpark in Dunedin, Florida. This is also the spring training park for the Blue Jays. The Jays would also play at Sahlen Field in Buffalo, New York, home of the Jays' Triple-a affiliate Buffalo Bisons. This would last until July 30, 2021 when the Jays returned to Canada and the Rogers Center.

The Blue Jays won the World Series twice, first in 1992 against the Atlanta Braves and again the next year, in 1993. They won their second World Series on Joe Carter's walk-off home run against the Philadelphia Phillies in the last inning of Game 6 on October 23, 1993, for a final score of 7-6. In both of those years, the team won American League East division titles (having the best win-loss record in their division). Others years in which the Jays won division titles were in 1985, 1989, 1991, and most recently in 2015. They also went to the playoffs as a wild card team in 2016, 2020, 2022, and 2023.

Toronto Raptors

The Toronto Raptors are a Canadian professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They are based in Toronto. They were started in 1995. They play their home games at Scotiabank Arena. They are the only NBA team currently playing in Canada.

For the 2019 season, the Raptors won the Eastern Conference Finals for the first time in the team's history. Because of this, they also got the chance to play in the NBA Finals for the first time in their history. They won the NBA Finals against the two-time defending champion Golden State Warriors in six games and became the first Canadian team to win an NBA Final. Kawhi Leonard was named the Finals MVP for the second time in his career.

Toronto Argonauts

The Toronto Argonauts are the Canadian Football League team in Toronto. The team was started in 1873 by the Argonaut Rowing Club.



TD Canada Trust

TD Canada Trust is the personal, small business and commercial banking operation of The Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) in Canada. It was created when two banks merged, Toronto Dominion and Canada Trust in 2000.


Pocoyo

Pocoyo is a Spanish children's television series that aired for four series since 2005. Pocoyo does not talk very much. He has a few friends, including a bird named Baby Bird, an elephant named Elly, an octopus named Fred, a dog named Loula, a duck named Pato and a girl named Nina who also does not talk very much, but also speaks her own launguage.



Part One
Part Two

Potato chip

A potato chip (also known as a potato crisp in the United Kingdom) is a thin slices of potato that have been baked or fried and lightly salted or seasoned. Some popular flavors of potato chips are: salt and vinegar, ketchup, sour cream and onion. They are one of the most important snack foods in Western nations. In England, they are called "Crisps". In America, they are called "Potato chips". 

In the 1790s, Thomas Jefferson brought thick french fries to the United States from France. However, a customer at a restaurant at the Moon Lake Lodge in Saratoga Springs, New York, was making the chef, George Crum, angry by saying that the fries were not thin enough. Finally, George Crum became so angry he decided to exaggerate. He sliced the potatoes so thinly they could not even be pierced with a fork. Then he put them in ice water for 30 minutes. After he fried and salted them, he gave them to the customer - who, to his surprise, loved them. First named "Saratoga Chips" in 1853, it later became well known as "potato chips". George Crum later opened his own restaurant that served his special potato chips.



York University

York University (French: "Université York"), is a Canadian university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. York University is Canada's third largest university. It first opened in 1959. 

University of Toronto

The University of Toronto is a university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was created by the King of the United Kingdom in 1827, many years before Canada became a country. The university is made up of 12 different colleges where students live and study. These colleges all have their own buildings, dining halls and libraries. Some colleges relate to Christian churches, but other colleges are not religious. The university also has hospitals and many places for research.

In teaching, the University of Toronto is known for its ideas about literature and communication. It is also the place where insulin and stem cells were first found. Its people built the first electron microscope, found the first black hole, and began a touchscreen technology called multi-touch. It is the university that has the most money and research work in Canada. The university's sports teams are called the Varsity Blues, and they have very long histories in American football and ice hockey. The University of Toronto has been ranked as one of the top universities in the world.


Brampton, Ontario

Brampton ( or ) is the third-largest city in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada. It is in the Peel Region. At the time of the 2006 Canadian census, Brampton's population was 433,806 people. Brampton is now the 11th largest city in Canada.

Brampton was made into a village in 1853. It took its name from the town of Brampton, England. Brampton was once known as The Flower Town of Canada. It was called this because of the city's large greenhouse industry. Today, the city is the home of the national headquarters of Loblaw Companies, HBC/Zellers, Brita, Clorox and other companies. The city is also home to Canadian Forces Army Reserve unit The Lorne Scots (Peel, Dufferin and Halton Regiment).

In 1834, a man named John Elliott divided land into lots and started to sell these lots. He called the area "Brampton", and others started to do the same.

In 1853 Brampton was made into a village. During that year a small agricultural fair was started. The fair took place at the corner of Main street and Queen street. Grains, produce, and dairy products as well as Horses and cattle were sold at the fair. This fair became what is now called the Brampton Fall Fair.

The village of Brampton built its first public library in 1887. In 1907, the village got money from Andrew Carnegie to build a new library building.

Edward Dale, an immigrant from Dorking, England, opened a flower nursery in Brampton after he got to the town in 1863. Dale's Nursery became the town's largest employer, and began to export flowers around the world. The company became a town landmark, until Brampton Town Council allowed the building to be torn down in 1977. The company once had 140 greenhouses, and was the largest flower business in North America. The company also brought about the development of other nurseries in the town. Brampton became the home 48 flower nurseries.

In 1963, the town started calling itself the "Flower Town of Canada". On 24 June 2002 Brampton City Council started the "Flower City Strategy". They wanted to show the town's history of growing flowers using this strategy. In 2007 the Rose Theatre was opened
and the city started taking part in the Communities in Bloom competition as a part of their strategy.

On October 28, 2007, the Brampton Civic Hospital was opened. The Brampton Civil Hospital was built to replace the old Peel Memorial Hospital which had been closed for renovations. Since Peel Memorial Hospital closed, the residents of Brampton have not been sure what is going to happen to it. Many residents want the hospital to be re-opened. They do not think the Brampton Civic Hospital is large enough for the size of Brampton.

In September of 2007, the Rose Theatre opened in Brampton. The theatre is seen as the start of a rebuilding of Brampton's downtown . Since the theatre opened, new businesses have opened in Brampton, and old businesses have renovated.


Greater Toronto Area

The Greater Toronto Area (GTA) is the metropolitan area that includes Toronto and the surrounding cities such as Mississauga, Brampton, Markham and Vaughan. It is the most populous metropolitan area in Canada.

GTA

GTA may refer to:



James Cameron

James Francis Cameron (born August 16, 1954) is a Canadian Academy and Golden Globe Award winning movie director. He is also an oceanographer. He is best known for his hit movies "The Terminator", "Aliens", "Titanic", and "Avatar".

The World Ends with You

The World Ends with You, released in Japan as is an action role-playing game made by Square Enix and Jupiter for the Nintendo DS game console.


Stroller

A stroller (Canada & U.S.A.) or pram (U.K) is a hand-pushed vehicle to carry babies and young infants. More general terms include child carrier, baby transport or baby carrier.

They're criticised for reducing physical activity, a study in toronto concluded it could increase obesity by reducing physical exercise.

Strollers (including foldable ones) are also hard to carry in public transportation, take place when stored, and several designs are criticised.

They are also one of the most expensive pieces of furniture for babies. Theft of those is reported to happen, sometimes bycicle locks have been used to prevent them from being stolen.

Strollers are not absolutely necessary for a baby, but they can be a great convenience for parents. Strollers can provide a safe and comfortable way to transport a baby, and can be a great way to get out and about with a baby. Ultimately, whether or not strollers are necessary for a baby depends on a variety of factors, including lifestyle, living situation, and personal preference. While strollers can be a helpful tool for many parents, they are not a requirement for raising a healthy and happy baby.

There are several different types of strollers:

Bomberman Land Touch!

Bomberman Land Touch! (Touch! Bomberman Land DS in Japan) is a Puzzle/Mini-game collection video game made by Hudson Soft and published by Hudson Soft, Atlus, Rising Star Games, Red Ant Enterprises and Nintendo in many different places for the Nintendo DS game console.


Bomberman

Bomberman is a series of video games created by Hudson Soft, now owned by Konami, and still has many games released to this day.

Bomberman is also the name of the character himself, who is the subject of the games. Most of these games revolve around him escaping a maze or solving a puzzle using bombs, defeating enemies, and reaching the end goal, whether a door or a solved puzzle. 

Bomberman is also known for its multiplayer mode, in which anywhere from 2 to 64 players can fight to the death to determine the winner. One wins when they are the last one standing. Collectible items have multiple effects, from increasing maximum bombs at once, to increasing explosion range of bombs, to even applying a negative effect to the player, like causing them to spin rapidly or throw bombs endlessly, usually resulting in the players death. 

Only a few games have strayed from the simple 2d formula, with good examples being the Nintendo 64 games, in which Bomberman was played in 3rd person, and used bombs to solve puzzles like unlocking waterways and opening gates. 

Prince Sports

Prince Sports, Inc. is an American manufacturer of equipment for racquet sports. It is based in Bordentown, New Jersey.


Dustin Pedroia

Dustin Luis Pedroia (born August 17, 1983 in Woodland, California) is a Major League Baseball player for the Boston Red Sox. He played college baseball at Arizona State University. He is and . He won the 2007 American League Rookie of the Year award.


Apollo 11

Apollo 11 was the first flight to send people to the moon. It was done by NASA, the American space group.
It went up to space on July 16, 1969, carrying three astronauts: Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins. On July 20, 1969, Armstrong and Aldrin became the first humans to land on the moon, while Collins stayed in orbit around the Moon.

The flight was part of the Space Race. It finished the plan set by John F. Kennedy in 1961 to "land a man on the moon, and return him safely to the Earth", before the 1960s ended.

Millions of people around the world viewed the flight of Apollo 11 on television. When the rocket was sent to space it was a worldwide event. Richard Nixon, who was then President, watched it from the White House as the rocket went up. A Saturn V rocket took flight from the Kennedy Space Center in America.

About two hours after leaving Earth the passenger module departed the main rocket. The passenger module had two main parts, the Apollo command and service module called "Columbia" and the Apollo Lunar Module called "Eagle". "Columbia" was the space ship that stayed in space, and "Eagle" was the moon-landing space ship. 3 days later the team entered Lunar Orbit (orbit around the moon). A day later the "Eagle" went away from "Columbia". The "Eagle" landed safely on the moon with Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin inside. During the landing, there were several problems with the computer. To land safely Armstrong had to fly the "Eagle" himself. They landed with only 25 seconds of fuel left.

The first thing Buzz Aldrin did upon touch down was to pray. He also read some words of Jesus. He did not reveal his plan to do this because someone had just made a lawsuit to stop astronauts from doing religious things in space. Armstrong became the first human to walk and speak on the moon's surface. The first words he said were:

For the next two and a half hours Aldrin and Armstrong took notes, pictures and made holes to get moon rock. The landings were watched by over six million people on Earth using the very big radio telescope in Australia. They did many experiments, for example, the collecting of moon rocks and dust. An American flag was set up and photographed on the moon. Before doing that, President Richard Nixon did a telephone call to them:
After finishing their work, Armstrong and Aldrin returned to the "Eagle" and slept for seven hours before starting to leave. While preparing to leave, Aldrin broke the circuit breaker in the engine starter. Armstrong used a pen to bridge the circuit and stop them from being stuck on the moon. Aldrin and Armstrong left many things on the moon: an American flag, a few experiments, a golden feather, a logo of Apollo 1 and some bronze coins honoring Yuri Gagarin and Vladimir Komarov. He also left a sign on the moon, with a message from the human race. The sign reads:

On July 24 the three astronauts returned to Earth and were immediately placed into quarantine (kept away from other people), in case they brought back some disease from the moon. They stayed in quarantine for three weeks. When they got out the men were heroes around the world. They had dinner with President Nixon, a parade in New York City and another one in Chicago. The three were also on many television shows.



Roger Clemens

William Roger Clemens (born August 4, 1962 in Dayton, Ohio) was an American starting pitcher in Major League Baseball. Clemens played in the major leagues for 24 seasons for the Boston Red Sox, Toronto Blue Jays, New York Yankees, and Houston Astros, from to . Clemens has won seven Cy Young Awards, two more than any other pitcher.


Universal Music Group

Universal Music Group is a company that runs four record labels in the music industry. It is the largest business group and family of record labels in the world. It started in 1934 as "Decca Records USA" and had some other names, before it became "Universal Music Group" in 1996. The company is based in Santa Monica, California.

UMG controls 25.5% of the market share. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of French company Vivendi; Universal Studios, the movie studio, was sold in part to NBC, which itself is part of GE. UMG owns the largest music publishing business in the world, Universal Music Publishing Group, following the acquisition of BMG Music Publishing in May 2007. Vivendi's headquarters are in Paris, France. In the United States, UMG is in Santa Monica, California, and New York City, along with Universal Music Group Nashville; in the UK the group has a number of offices in London and Romford.

"Universal Music" was once the music company for the movie studio Universal Pictures. MCA Inc. bought American Decca in 1962. Seagram, the owner of MCA, would buy PolyGram in 1998 to form Universal Music Group (which had been MCA before 1996).

The branches of "UMG" now count Capitol Records, Virgin Records, Interscope Records, A&M Records, Geffen Records (Nirvana/Happy Tree Friends), Island Records and Def Jam Recordings.

On September 24, 1991, Nevermind was released by Nirvana and then on December 24, 1999, Happy Tree Friends was launched, later the animated web show acquired by Nirvana, LLC., Geffen Records and UMG for $75,000,000 by 2024 in Seattle.

In 2007, Universal bought BMG's music publishing branch and folded it into the "Universal Music Publishing" division.

In 2012, Universal bought most of EMI's music recordings. After the buyout, Universal then sold some labels such as V2, Sanctuary, Mute, and Parlophone.

Universal Music has announced that it will develop an online site for music videos inspired by Hulu.com, the site setup by News Corp and NBC that allows free streaming of television shows. This website is named Vevo, and its music videos have been watched billions of times on YouTube. The company is also supported by musicians such as Marc Engelhard and, conversely, also refers to them.


Dundee United F.C.

Dundee United Football Club is a professional football club from Dundee, Scotland. They currently play in the Scottish Championship. The manager is Micky Mellon. In the 2018-19 season, they finished 2nd in the Championship behind Ross County. The club failed to regain promotion to the Premiership after losing the Premiership play-off against St. Mirren 2-0 on penalties. Dundee United won the 1982-83 Scottish Premier Division, and the Scottish Cup in 1994 and 2010.


Dundee United's home ground throughout their history has been Tannadice Park, located on Tannadice Street in the Clepington area of the city. It is situated only away from Dens Park, home of rivals Dundee F.C.; the two stadia are the closest senior football grounds anywhere in the United Kingdom.

The club have only ever played one home fixture at another venue. This was a League Cup tie against Rangers in March 1947, when despite snow rendering Tannadice unplayable, the match was able to go ahead across the road at Dens Park.

The age and proximity of their stadia has led to the possibility of both clubs moving to a new, purpose-built shared stadium being discussed on various occasions. The most recent and serious proposal for this was put forward as part of Scotland's bid to joint-host the 2008 European Football Championship, with several clubs seeking to benefit from a new stadium with planning permission given to a proposed site at Caird Park. Special dispensation was requested to proceed with the proposal, as rules at the time forbade SPL teams from groundsharing. Following Scotland's failed bid to host the tournament, the scheme was shelved for the time being, although the plan was raised again in June 2008 following doubts about joint-host Ukraine's ability to stage Euro 2012 with the Scottish Football Association keen as alternative hosts.


Two Hands

Two Hands is a movie released on 29 July 1999. It was made in Australia by director Gregor Jordan. The movie was the debut for actor Heath Ledger. It won the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Film in 1999. The movie was played at the Sundance Film Festival in the United States.

Paisley, Renfrewshire

Paisley () is a town near Glasgow, Scotland. It is home to the Scottish Premier League association football team, St Mirren F.C.

Paisley is the largest town and fifth largest settlement in Scotland.


Dani Güiza

Daniel Gonzalez Güiza (born August 17 1980, Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz) is a Spanish football player.

He started his football career at Xerez CD in 1999. He scored 27 goals and he became a top scorer when he was at Mallorca in 2007/2008 season. He was then transferred to Fenerbahçe. He was called for the first time to Spanish National Football Team in 2008; in Euro 2008 he scored 2 goals.

Kilmarnock

Kilmarnock (; locally known as "Killie") is a large burgh in East Ayrshire, Scotland, with 44,170 people. It is roughly between Glasgow and Ayr, and is the second largest town in Ayrshire. The River Irvine runs through its eastern section, and the Kilmarnock Water passes through it, giving rise to the name 'Bank Street'.

The name comes from the Gaelic "cill" ("cell"), and the name of Saint Marnoch or Mernoc who is also remembered in the name of Portmarnock in Ireland, and Inchmarnock. It may come from the three Gaelic elements "mo", 'my', "Ernán" (name of the saint) and the diminutive "ag", giving "Church of My Little Ernán". Some people think that the saint founded a church there in the 7th century. There are 12 Church of Scotland congregations in the town, plus other denominations. In 2005, the Reverend David W. Lacy, minister of the town's Henderson Church, was elected Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.

The core of the early town appears to have lain around what is now the Laigh Kirk (Low Church), although the oldest parts of the current building are no earlier than the 17th century, extending north and northwest. A comparatively modest settlement until the industrial revolution, Kilmarnock extended considerably from around 1800 onwards. This resulted in formal, planned developments such as King Street, Portland Street, Saint Marnock Street, and latterly John Finnie Street; the latter often suggested as one of the finest Victorian planned streets in Scotland.

Areas of Kilmarnock include:

Kilmarnock's traditional industries were based around textiles and heavy engineering: e.g. locomotives (Andrew Barclay and Sons) from 1837 through 1970, and valves (Glenfield and Kennedy), which are still in production; and carpets (manufactured by BMK) from the early 1900s.

The carpets manufactured in Kilmarnock were internationally known for their quality and intricacy since the late 1800s. Many locations around the world chose to install BMK carpets. Famously, RMS Titanic was carpeted using carpets manufactured by Stoddard Carpets, the parent company and successor to BMK. Primarily due to a move by the UK market towards laminated and hard-wood flooring, but also partially due to a long decline in the industry in the area as well as cheaper, but noticeably less hard-wearing foreign competition, carpet-making finally ceased in Kilmarnock in early 2005.

Archibald Finnie and his family lived at Springhill House (now a nursing home) near the Grange Academy. They owned many coal mines, pits and other companies in Springside and other places. John Finnie Street is named after one of the family. Shoes were also a major product for some time, with Saxone having a factory in the town on the site of where the Galleon leisure centre is now.

Kilmarnock had one of the earliest tram railways in the world, running to Troon over the (recently restored) Laigh Milton viaduct. The Glasgow and South Western Railway also set up their works here, producing nearly 400 locomotives by the time it was absorbed by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1923. Some work continued, but heavy repairs were sent to St. Rollox. Locomotive repairs finished in 1952, and the works closed in 1959. Nevertheless locomotives are still made by Hunslett-Barclay, as well as the maintenance of existing diesel and electric multiple units.

From 1946 tractors were also built in Kilmarnock, with a large Massey-Harris factory present on the outskirts of the town. It later became Massey-Ferguson, before closing in 1980. Glenfield and Kennedy still survives albeit with a fraction of its former workforce, which at its height numbered in the thousands. Kilmarnock however is still home to the world famous Johnnie Walker's brand Scotch whisky. On the outskirts of the town is Scotland's first privately run prison, HM Prison Kilmarnock.

The textile and manufacturing sectors across Scotland suffered significant decline in the postwar period, and in particular from the 1960s, in the face of greater foreign competition. Kilmarnock was no exception, with the closure or significant reduction of many of its traditional large employers: Glenfield and Kennedy, Massey Ferguson, BMK, and Saxone. Although significant attempts have been made to halt this decline and attract new employers, Kilmarnock saw a continuing net loss of jobs in the five years to 2005.

Although traditionally a main shopping area for most of the surrounding districts, patterns have changed over the last 20 years; traditional centres such as Ayr have been joined by new developments at Braehead and East Kilbride.

This difficult economic climate is most visible in the town centre, the eastern part of which has been extensively redeveloped, with important historic buildings such as King Street Church and the Town Hall being demolished, and Duke Street (the link from Kilmarnock Cross to the Palace Theatre and out to the London Road) built over.

More recently Portland Street, which formed the northerly part of the main shopping area, lay abandoned for many years due to a decline in retail trade and in the face of possible comprehensive redevelopment. The street has now been redeveloped, but has not yet regained its former degree of popularity, with a Gala Bingo and a J.D. Wetherspoons taking up much of one side of the street and the rest largely occupied by chain stores.

In 2004, the "Rough Guide to Scotland" described the town as "shabby and depressed, saddled with some terrible shopping centres and a grim one-way system". The town, however, contains several parks such as Howard Park, Dean Park, and Kay Park, and residential areas including London Road, Dundonald Road, McLelland Drive, and Howard Park Drive. The town also boasts a collection of gift shops, cafes, bars, and restaurants within the very desirable Bank Street area, whilst offering retail options within its retail parks at Queen's Drive and Glencairn Square.

According to the local press in November 2007, the new SNP council have drawn up a "Top Ten Hit List" on 'eyesore' buildings in the town, and their owners and have revealed plans to crack down hard on property owners who have left their buildings fall into disrepair. A plan of action is being carried out to get something done with each of these sites. Many of the buildings in disrepair are irreplaceable listed buildings such as the former ABC cinema (previously the King's Theatre) on Titchfield Street.
A four-star hotel recently opened next to Rugby Park, the home of Kilmarnock F.C., and new restaurants, such as "Merchants" and the award winning "Jefferson Restaurant" have opened in the town centre.

Regeneration activities have been discussed for Kilmarnock town centre; in early 2006, an application to Historic Scotland's Conservation Area Regeneration Scheme was successful, and as of July 2006 an application under the Heritage Lottery Fund's Townscape Heritage Initiative Scheme was pending. Work has pretty much finished on a quality housing development on the gapsite of the former Kilmarnock Infirmary north of the town centre.

In the past there have been major efforts to improve the quality of life for residents in the town's worst housing estates, especially in parts of Shortlees, Longpark and Onthank. Though the physical rehabilitation of housing in these areas has partly tackled the underlying problems of social exclusion, Onthank is arguably that most successful area of regeneration in question.

Much new quality housing has been constructed on the northern fringes of the town, in order to service the demand for commuter housing. With a journey time of 20 minutes from Kilmarnock to Glasgow (roughly half that of the existing train service), the M77 motorway has transformed the link between Glasgow and Kilmarnock. The upgrading of the A77 route to Glasgow to the M77 motorway in 2005 has made Kilmarnock more accessible for commuters, and recent house price increases have reflected this.


In 1812, the famous Kilmarnock and Troon Railway opened, mainly to carry coal from the area to the harbour at Troon, but also carrying passengers.

In 1904, Kilmarnock had its own tramway system built. The name of the company was Kilmarnock Corporation Tramways. An electric power station was built in the south bank of the River Irvine at Riccarton. Overhead power lines and tram lines were laid. With continued upgrading and expansion, the tram network at its peak went from Ayr Road in Riccarton at its southerly point, to Knockinlaw Road in Beansburn in the North. At Kilmarnock Cross, the line had an easterly spur that stretched along London Road, through Crookedholm and finally terminating at Hurlford. There had been proposed extensions along Portland Road, up John Finnie Street, West Langlands Street and eventually towards Crosshouse, but by this time, increasing costs and the far more flexible motor bus had made inroads and the trams ceased operation in 1926 during the General Strike. The council decided not to restart the service and the infrastructure was soon dismantled. Today the town is served by Kilmarnock railway station.

Kilmarnock has excellent road links to Glasgow with the M77 motorway now extending as far as Fenwick.

Kilmarnock is on the main road between Edinburgh, Livingston, South Lanarkshire, and Ayrshire (Irvine).

Kilmarnock has 17 schools; 13 primary and four secondary. There is also a college in the town, Kilmarnock College, formerly Kilmarnock Technical College. The schools are managed by East Ayrshire Council.



The town is host to a football club named Kilmarnock F.C., the oldest professional club in Scotland. Their home ground is the curiously named Rugby Park. The reason for the name of the ground is that when founded, the club played both football and rugby. The club has the largest supporter base of any team outside Scotland's four major cities. Rugby Park was also one of the first football grounds in Scotland to have floodlights installed. In recent years the stadium has been modernised, firstly to bring it in line with the all-seating regulations, then rebuilt totally to make a new ground. It has also hosted international football matches as well as music concerts, the most recent one was when Elton John performed here in June 2005. Derek Olgavie is also a regular appearance in the Palace Theatre.

The town also regularly plays host to professional wrestling shows, promoted by the British Championship Wrestling promotion.

There are two golf courses in the town, Annanhill Golf Course and Caprington Golf Course, which has both an 18 hole course and a nine hole course. Both these courses are council owned and run by East Ayrshire Council.

The local leisure complexes include the Galleon Centre: with a 25 metre swimming pool, baby pool, ice rink, squash courts, sauna, gym, games hall, bar area, bowling green and the New Northwest Centre (formerly the Hunter Centre) which contains an up-to-date community gym and various local medical facilities.

A leisurely stroll around the town will reveal many fine buildings. Kilmarnock boasts a large number of listed buildings. The Dick Institute, opened in April 1901, was severely damaged by fire only eight years after it opened. Some of the museums collections were lost in the fire. It reopened two years after the fire in 1911. The Dick Institute was used as an Auxiliary Hospital in 1917 during World War One.It is now shared by the Arts and Museums Service, and the Libraries, Registration and Information Service. The two Art Galleries and three Museum Galleries house permanent and temporary displays of Fine Art, Contemporary Art and Craft, Local and Industrial History and Natural Sciences. The Lending Library, Audio Library, Junior Library, Reference Library, and Learning Centre are all housed on the ground floor.

The first collection of work by Scottish poet Robert Burns, "Poems, chiefly in the Scottish dialect" was published here in 1786. It was published at the current site of the Burn's Mall, dedicated to his work. This edition is known as the "Kilmarnock Edition".

Two areas of Kilmarnock, Ellerslie and Riccarton, are associated with William Wallace and his father. Claims have been made that this is the true origin of his birthplace, and recently these have been largely substantiated. The claim that Wallace was born in Elderslie near Paisley no longer seems tenable.

John Bowring, renowned polyglot and fourth governor of Hong Kong, was Member of Parliament for Kilmarnock in 1835.

In the castle of Kilmarnock, Dean Castle, there is an exhibition of armour and weapons, and the Van Raalte collection of musical instruments.


Kilmarnock - as part of East Ayrshire Council - is twinned with five European cites and has received awards from the Council of Europe for its work in twinning.



