Albert Coady Wedemeyer

General Albert Coady Wedemeyer (1897–1989) was an American army officer during World War II.

Wedemeyer was born in Omaha, Nebraska on July 9, 1897. He studied at the United States Military Academy in West Point and graduated in 1919. After the start of World War II, he was made a temporary Lieutenant Colonel in 1941. Between 1941 and 1943, he served as a staff officer in the war-plans division of the U.S. War Department. He was the chief author of the 1941 Victory Program which advocated the defeat of the German armies in Europe. When the U.S. entered the war this plan was adopted and expanded. He helped plan the invasion of Normandy.

In 1943, Wedemeyer was made Chief of Staff to Lord Mountbatten, the supreme Allied commander of the South East Asia Command (SEAC) in the Southeast Asian Theatre.

Between 1944 and 1946, he was Chief of staff to General Chiang Kai-shek and commander of U.S. forces in China under the command SEAC. The China Burma India Theatre assigned to Joseph Stilwell was split in two with command of the Burma–India theatre going to General Daniel Sultan. Wedemeyer had been commander of the U.S. China Theatre (USFCT) in 1944–1945. He had an intimate knowledge of the Allied airlift from India over the Himalayas into China. This airlift was both to supply the Nationalist Chinese Army and the U.S. Twentieth Air Force engaged on Operation Matterhorn.

In 1948, as the Army Chief of Plans and Operations, Wedemeyer supported Lucius D. Clay's intention to create an airbridge during the Berlin Crisis. His expertise in this area was considerable as he had been U.S. Army theater commander in China during World War II and had been supplied by air over the mountains from India by army transport planes. This earlier operation had been commanded by Lieutenant General William H. Tunner, who was later named to head the Berlin Airlift operation.

Wedemeyer retired in 1951. He was promoted to general in 1954. He died December 17, 1989 in Fort Belvoir, Virginia. His son Albert Dunbar Wedemeyer was a captain in the U.S. army and a Central Intelligence Agency operative.


William H. Tunner

Lt. General William H. Tunner (July 14, 1906 - April 6, 1983) was an American general.

After the Burma Road was cut by the advancing Japanese in early 1942, he organized the Allied logisitical airlift from India in to China over the Hump which was to support Chiang Kai-Shek's Chinese forces and the Flying Tigers until the opening of the Ledo Road. He was the organizer of the Berlin Airlift (1948-49). He was played by Heino Ferch in the film ""Nur der Himmel war frei"" (2005)


Sarasota, Florida

Sarasota is a city on the West coast of Florida, in the United States. It is the place where the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus has its home. In 2020, 54,842 people lived there (US. Census 2020). Many famous people have lived in the city, such as: Tom Cruise (actor), Brian Johnson (band singer), and Paul Reubens (the actor, "Pee-wee Herman").


Paul Reubens

Paul Reubens (born Paul Rubenfeld; August 27, 1952 – July 30, 2023) was a Jewish American actor, writer, movie producer, game show host, and comedian, best known for portraying Pee-wee Herman. He was of Jewish descent. He appeared in many movies and television series in the late 1970s and early 1980s and worked with a group called "The Groundlings". Around this time, Reubens created Pee-Wee for a stage show, which was a parody of old kids programs. In 1985, he starred in a movie called "Pee-wee's Big Adventure", which was very successful. The next year, he got his own television program, "Pee-wee's Playhouse". It was very popular.

He was born in Peekskill, New York and grew up in Sarasota, Florida.

In 1991, Reubens was arrested for masturbating in an adult movie theatre. This ended the Pee-Wee craze. 

In 2010, he had the main role in a play on Broadway, in "The Pee-wee Herman Show". In 2016, Reubens co-wrote and had the main role in the Netflix original film "Pee-wee's Big Holiday", in the role as Pee-wee Herman.
Reubens died from cancer at age 70 on July 30, 2023 at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. The cause of death was respiratory failure caused by acute myeloid leukemia and lung cancer. His remains were cremated and will be buried at Hollywood Forever Cemetery.


Peekskill, New York

Peekskill is a city in the U.S. state of New York. It is the birthplace of New York Governor, George Pataki. Other famous people born there include Paul Reubens and Mel Gibson.

Małkinia Górna

Małkinia Górna is a village in Małkinia Dolna Community, Ostrowian County (head town of the county: Ostrów Mazowiecka), Masovian Voivodeship, Poland. There is probably the greatest village in Europe (by population) and one of the greatest places without town status.



John C. Calhoun

John Caldwell Calhoun (March 18, 1782 – March 31, 1850) was the vice president of the United States for John Quincy Adams and Andrew Jackson. Calhoun was vice president under two different presidents. George Clinton is the only other vice president to serve under two presidents. Calhoun's father was an Irish immigrant.

Calhoun is probably best remembered for his strong beliefs in slavery and nullification, which said any US state had the right to reject a federal law if it was unconstitutional. President Andrew Jackson hated nullification and this disagreement started a feud between them. Calhoun was the first vice president in U.S. history to resign from office, doing so on December 28, 1832. In 1844 and 1845 he was United States Secretary of State.


Pelvis

The pelvis (plural: "pelves") is the part of the vertebrate body to which the legs attach. It has a very ancient history. This article is only about the human pelvis.

Pelvis can mean the lower part of the trunk of the human body, between the abdomen and the thighs. Or it can mean just the bones in that region.

The pelvis is at the lower end of the spine. The pelvic skeleton is, at the back, the sacrum and the coccyx. At the front and to the left and right sides, there is a pair of hip bones. The legs are attached at the pelvis.

The pelvis protects the organs used for digesting and for reproduction. It has many muscles attached. The muscles are mostly to do with keeping the body upright and with walking and running. Muscles attach to the bones with tendons. The bones of the pelvis are attached to each other by and to the sacrum by ligaments.

The pelvis bones are symmetrical, the same on both sides.

1. The hip bone made of: 
2. The sacrum

3. The coccyx
Male and female human pelves are different. The female pelvis is wider and more shallow than the male pelvis. There is not much difference in young children before puberty. After puberty, the female pelvis is significantly larger than in males. 

The function of this change is to make the female pelvis able to function in childbirth, when the foetus is born through the pelvis. The space is called the 'birth canal'. There are many variations between one female and another in the structure of the pelvis. These differences have been studied in detail. These days by using ultrasound, the pelvis of pregnant women can be assessed to see if natural birth is likely to go ahead with no problems. The study is part of the medical speciality known as obstetrics.

Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace is a American science fiction movie released in 1999. This movie is the fourth movie that director George Lucas made in the "Star Wars" series but is the first movie chronologically. 

A peaceful planet named Naboo has been blockaded by a fleet of spaceships belonging to a corrupt corporation called the Trade Federation. Two Jedi Knights, Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi, learn that the Federation is planning to invade Naboo with their army of droids (robots). They travel to Naboo. 

They reach the swamps of Naboo, separately. Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan meet a native alien named Jar Jar Binks. They find the Queen, Padmé Amidala, who escapes with them in a spaceship, but in the blockade, their ship's engine is damaged. 

They barely had enough power to reach a desert planet named Tatooine, and still need new parts for the ship so as not to be stuck on the planet forever. Luckily, they meet Anakin Skywalker, a young slave boy, who helps them gain the money by participating in a very dangerous podracing event. 

Qui-Gon suspects that Anakin is strong with the Force, meaning that he has potential to become a Jedi. Qui-Gon manages to win Anakin's freedom and they take him with them, but his mother must stay behind.

Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan, Anakin, Padmé and her personnel make it to Coruscant, capital of the Galactic Republic. However, Padmé soon finds out that the Republic Senate is corrupt and she calls for a vote to elect a new Chancellor. A senator named Palpatine is elected, but nobody knows that he is secretly a Sith (evil Jedi) and he is the person who is controlling the Trade Federation.

The group returns to Naboo because the Republic is unwilling to help. Padmé and her guards manage to capture Nute Gunray, the head of the Trade Federation and they force him to surrender. Meanwhile, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan fight Darth Maul, a Sith knight sent by Palpatine to kill the Jedi. Maul kills Qui-Gon. Obi-Wan manages to defeat Maul. Yoda and the other Jedi agree that Obi-Wan should be allowed to train Anakin in the ways of the Jedi.



Cyprus Mail

The Cyprus Mail is a newspaper written in English based in Cyprus. It is made every day, except Monday. Some of its news can be found on its website.


Collision

A collision occurs when two objects come in contact with each other. All collisions have the same momentum before and after a collision. of collisions include car crashes, bouncing a ball, and playing pool. Collisions are made from two smaller sections called elastic and inelastic collisions. 

In the case of playing pool or bouncing a ball, an elastic collision occurs. An elastic collision generally occurs when an elastic or hard object experiences a collision that bounces off another elastic or hard object, where the kinetic energy and momentum are the same before and after the collision. In an experiment, a small amount of energy will still be lost because of the friction between the surface and the objects.

In the case of a car crash, an inelastic collision occurs. An inelastic collision generally occurs when a soft object experiences a collision that does not result in a bounce. Kinetic energy is lost during this type of collision because the energy is transformed into other forces. The momentum is the same before and after the collision.

In the case of a two dimensional collision, the rules in elastic and inelastic collision are still the same, but vectors are used to find the momentum before or after a collision.

Duncan, Tom. "Advanced Physics for Hong Kong: Volume 1 Mechanics & Electricity". John Murray Ltd, 1995.
Wai, Loo Kwok. "Longman A-Level Course in Physics: Volume 1". Pearson Education South Asia Pte Ltd, 2003.

Belgrade

Belgrade is the capital city of the country of Serbia. Before the wars of the 1990s, it was the capital of Yugoslavia from 1918 to 1992 after the Kingdom of Serbia collapsed in 1918 along with Austria-Hungary after World War 1.

Belgrade is also one of the most popular travel destinations in Southeastern Europe. It is famous for a very busy nightlife and a lot of entertainment activities.

The main tourist attractions in Belgrade are:

The first settlements on the city's territory date back to Vinča cutlure. The city itself (under the name Singidunum) was founded by the Celtic Scordis tribe in the 3rd century BC. Then it was owned by the Romans, Byzantines, Avars, Slavs, etc. In 878 it was first mentioned as Belgrade. In 1403 it became the Serbian capital. In 1521, the city was conquered by the troops of the Ottoman Empire. In 1815 it again became the capital of Serbia. From 1918 to 2003 it was the capital of Yugoslavia. In 2003-2006, Belgrade was the unofficial capital of the confederal union of the two states of Serbia and Montenegro.



Puncknowle

Puncknowle is a village in Southwest Dorset, England, United Kingdom. In 2001, 491 people lived in it.

Hydrogen economy

A hydrogen economy is a hypothetical future economy in which the primary energy used for automobiles and other vehicles as well as creating electricity comes from hydrogen and renewable energy sources, like windmills and solar panel. 

The reason to use this is to replace the use of petroleum. It would also stop the use of fossil fuels which causes carbon dioxide along with many other greenhouse gases, such as carbon monoxide and methane, to be created. These float up into the atmosphere, damaging it. This is bad for the ecology.

Brachiosaurus

Brachiosaurus (meaning ""Arm lizard"") was a herbivorous dinosaur genus that lived in the Upper Jurassic period. The name comes from the fact that the Brachiosaur's front legs were longer than its back legs. Most other dinosaurs had back legs that were longer than their front legs or arms. "Brachiosaurus" was about 25 m (82 feet) long and 13 meters (42 feet) tall. It was one of the biggest dinosaurs.

Brachiosaurus was a sauropod. Its fossils were found in North America and Asia. At full stretch, Brachiosaurus could reach heights of up to 16 meters (52 feet). The "Brachiosaurus" skeleton in the Humboldt Museum in Berlin, Germany is both the tallest and largest complete sauropod skeleton. This means that it is also the tallest and largest complete dinosaur skeleton.

Barnacle

A barnacle is a cirripede, a kind of crustacean. It is covered with hard plates of calcium carbonate, and lives stuck to hard surfaces.

It does not look like a crustacean, and for many centuries it was thought to be a mollusc. In the 1830s, J.V. Thompson found their larvae, and followed their development through to their adult form. They have a nauplius larva, typical of crustaeans. Later Charles Darwin, who spent eight years working on barnacles, found that Thompson had been right.

Barnacles grow on hard surfaces like piers, boats, rocks, and on other animals such as turtles and whales. Barnacles are a different group from crabs and shrimps. They are considered a nuisance to the shipping industry and private boat owners.

Barnacles are suspension feeders, sweeping small food into their mouth with their curved 'feet'. They are cemented to rock (usually), and covered with hard calcareous plates, which they shut firmly when the tide goes out. The barnacles reproduce sexually, and produce little nauplius larvae which disperse in the plankton. Eventually, the larvae change into cypris form, and attach on other hard surfaces to form new barnacles. Their comparative anatomy was worked out in detail by Charles Darwin.

Barnacles have the largest penis to body size ratio of the animal kingdom. A few forms have become fully parasitic on larger crustacea.

Barnacles are by far the commonest animals on rocky sea shores. Their numbers on a shore in the Isle of Man have been estimated as a thousand million (10), and they produce body material of 12 hundrededweight (~600 kg) of tissue, weighed after drying. Each year they let go a huge number of larvae, estimated as a million million (10).

Darwin set his work out in four parts: There were the barnacles on stalks (pedunculated), and those that sat on hard substrate (the sessile barnacles). Each of these was divided into living and fossil barnacles.

International organization

An international organization is an organization, active in more than one country. These organizations can not command countries and citizens in a way a government can. Many are intergovernmental organizations meaning that rather than having people as members, they have individual countries as members. They make rules that the different governments follow. The United Nations is such an organization. 

Some International organizations operate in many countries but do not have governments as members. The Red Cross is that kind of organization. 


Weapon of mass destruction

Weapons of mass destruction are weapons that can cause a lot of damage to many people. In general, people see the following as weapons of mass destruction:


Port Arthur, Tasmania

Port Arthur is a small town on the Tasman Peninsula, in Tasmania, Australia. It is about 80 km south east of the state capital, Hobart. It was settled as a penal colony (a very large prison for convicts). Port Arthur is now one of Australia's most important historic areas. In 2010 it was included on the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites as one of the Australian Convict Sites. It is officially Tasmania's top tourist attraction. In 1996 the worst mass murder in Australian history took place here.

At the 2006 census, Port Arthur and the local area had a population of 499.

Port Arthur was named after Van Diemen's Land lieutenant governor George Arthur. It started as a place to cut down timber from the forests in 1830. It is best known for being a penal colony. From 1833, until 1853, criminals from United Kingdom and Ireland were sent to Port Arthur as convicts. The prisoners were kept busy ship with jobs including building the prison, shoemaking, smithing, timber and brick making. In the 1840s there were more than 1100 prisoners. In 1842 the prisoners built a hospital and a big flour mill and grain store. At the time it was built, it was the biggest building in Australia. This was later turned into a cell block. After 1853 convicts from other prisons in Australia were sent to Port Arthur if they did more crimes, or would not behave properly.

In 1864 they started building the Asylum to hold the prisoners who had become insane. During the 1860s and 1870s the prisoners left at the prison were either too old, too sick, or insane to keep working. The prison closed in 1877.

For many years, researchers could not work out whether or not the fossils discovered at Port Arthur were remnants of the dinosaur era.

Port Arthur has the best example of a "Separate Prison" system. This system was started at Pentonville prison in London. The Separate Prison (sometimes called the Model Prison) was started in 1848, finished in 1853 and made bigger in 1855. It has 80 prison cells built in the shape of a cross. In the centre is a hall and a chapel. There are exercise yards built between the arms of the cross. The Separate system was a change in the way that prisoners were treated. Instead of physical punishment the system used psychological (mind) punishment. It was thought that physical punishment, such as whippings, only made prisoners worse. It did not turn bad people into good people. In the Separate prison they used the "Silent System". Prisoners wore a hood over their heads. They were not allowed to talk or make any noise. The guards wore special shoes and walked on mats so they wouldn't make any noise. Even in the chapel, each prisoner was kept in a separate wooden box where they could only see the altar. The prisoners were supposed to use the quiet time to think about the bad things they had done. Port Arthur was seen as the best prison in Australia.

Port Arthur was a natural prison. It is on the Tasman Peninsula which is almost completely surrounded by the sea. It is joined to the rest of Tasmania by a small narrow piece of land about 30 metres wide. This is called Eaglehawk Neck. The Neck had a fence, prison guards, and savage dogs to stop prisoners from leaving. There was no contact between visiting seamen and prisoners. Ships had to give the guards their sails and oars when they arrived to stop people leaving without permission. A semaphore message system was also set up between Port Arthur and Hobart. Messages could be sent in just 15 minutes.
Escape from Port Arthur was said to be impossible, like Alcatraz Island in the United States. Some prisoners did try to escape. One prisoner, George "Billy" Hunt, covered himself with a kangaroo skin and tried to get across the Neck. The hungry guards on duty tried to shoot him to make an extra meal. When he saw them pointing their guns, Hunt gave himself up. He was whipped 150 times. Bushranger Martin Cash successfully escaped along with two others.

The British Empire's first boys' prison was built on Point Puer, 3 km across Opossum Bay from Port Arthur. Puer is the Latin word for boy. It was for young boys, some as young as 9, like James Lynch, arrested for stealing toys. The boys were kept away from the main convict area. About 3,500 boys were sent to Point Puer. Like the adults, the boys were given hard work such as stone cutting and building. There was also a school run by 2 ex-convicts. One prisoner was James Gavagan. When he was 11 he stole some umbrellas. He was sent to Tasmania for 7 years. He arrived at Point Puer in 1835. When he turned 17, he was sent to the main prison at Port Arthur. He was released in March 1842. There is only a few stones left to mark the site of the boys' prison. Point Puer Excavation 

The convicts built one of Australia's first non-denominational churches, built in a gothic style. All prisoners had to go to the church every Sunday. People who did not like the new prison system said that this did not seem to make the prisoners into good people.

Port Arthur was seen as a much better prison, and would make the convicts better people. But life at Port Arthur was just as hard and brutal as other penal colonies. Some critics might even say that its use of psychological punishment, together with no hope of escape, made it one of the worst. Some stories say that prisoners would murder others to escape the prison. Murder would be punished by death. Isle of the Dead is a small island in the bay near Port Arthur. Everyone who died at the penal colony was buried on the island. There are 1646 graves on the island, but only 180, mainly those of prison staff, have a headstone.

The first railway in Australia was a human powered railway at Port Arthur. The railway was built in 1836. The line ran from the beach at Taranna, Tasmania for 7 kms to Port Arthur. It carried both people and supplies. It meant that ships from Hobart could unload in the calm water and not have to travel right around Cape Raoul to Port Arthur through rough seas. The carriage was pushed along the tracks by 4 convicts. Very little sign of the railway has survived. The State Library of Victoria has a drawing of the convict railway. 

When the penal colony closed in 1877 the area was renamed "Carnavon". During the 1880s the was sold and a small town was started. Many buildings were pulled down and the bricks sent to make new buildings in Hobart. Fires burned the area in 1895 and 1897 and ruined many of the old prison buildings. Some buildings were changed for the new town to make a post office and town hall.

Tourism started as soon as the prison closed. This brought money into the new town. Some of the old convicts gave guided tours of the prison. In 1927 tourism had grown so much the area's name was changed back to Port Arthur. 1916 saw the start of the Scenery Preservation Board (SPB) which looked after the Port Arthur site. By the 1970s the National Parks and Wildlife Service took over the site.

In 1979 the government gave money to protect the site as a tourist area, because of its historical importance. The post office and town hall of Port Arthur were moved to nearby Nubeena. Several grand sandstone buildings, built by convicts were cleaned up. These buildings include the Separate Prison, the Round Tower, the church, and the remains of the main prison building. The buildings are surrounded by green grass.

The mass graves on The Island of the Dead also attract visitors. The air about the small bush-covered island is described as being sad and peaceful by visitors.

Tourists can either walk around the area themselves, or go on a guided tours. There are also late night ""ghost tours"". There is a museum, with written records, tools, clothing and other interesting things from convict times.

Since 1987 the site has been managed by the Port Arthur Historic Site Management Authority, paid for by the Tasmanian Government.

On 28 April 1996, Martin Bryant killed 35 people and hurt 37 others at Port Arthur. He was captured by the police. This is now called the Port Arthur massacre. This led to a national ban on semi-automatic shotguns and rifles. It also made a link between the Port Arthur and Dunblane, a Scottish town which also had a shooting that year.



Odysseus

In Greek mythology, Odysseus was the great-grandson of the Greek god Hermes. He was the king of the island Ithaca. He was married to Penelope. Odysseus and Penelope had a son called Telemachos. Odysseus is a major character in Homer's "Iliad" and "Odyssey".

Odysseus fought in the Trojan War. He invented the Trojan Horse, which helped the Greeks win the war. After the war, his adventurous journey home took 10 years. The story of that journey is told in the "Odyssey". Odysseus angered Poseidon, the god of seas, when he half blinded his cyclops son Polyphemos. In anger, Poseidon stopped him from leaving the island. The Latin name for Odysseus is "Ulysses".

There have been many movies about Odysseus, because of his heroic and intelligent battle strategies.

Cast iron

Cast iron is an alloy of iron. The term is usually used for grey cast iron. There are two main types of cast iron: "grey cast iron" and "white cast iron". The differences between the two are mainly based on the amount of silicon in the alloy. All cast iron has about 95% iron in it. Grey cast iron has 3% silicon and 2% carbon. White cast iron has less silicon.

The silicon in grey cast iron causes the carbon to change into graphite. This causes it to have a dark grey or almost black color. With less silicon, the carbon in white cast iron changes to cementite or "iron carbide" (FeC). This causes white fractures to form on the surface and give white cast iron the name.

Grey cast iron is very good at conducting heat. Because of this, it is often used to make cookware. 

Incest

Incest means sexual intercourse between people who are closely related. Usually, this means members of the same family. In many societies, it is forbidden by law and religion. Which relatives it is forbidden to have sex with depends on the law, religion and culture.

Incest is now regarded as bad for the genetic health of the offspring, and it is often forbidden by present-day religions and laws. The fundamental reason has to do with genetics. Incestual societies will have a high rate of birth defects, significant enough for it to be noticed even when little was known about the cause. To some extent this is a surmise, because ancient societies had no knowledge of genetics as such. But they must have noticed some connection between birth defects and the relationship between parents. We think this because widespread bans on closely related persons marrying came long before the understanding of modern genetics.

In history (as far as we know it) there were societies which allowed incestual marriages and individual acts of incest. Famously, the ancient Egyptian royal family practised incest, though not exclusively. It is thought that the frequency of early non-trauma deaths (such as Tutankhamun) was due to the effect of incest. We do know that incest was practised in their royal family. Cleopatra was married to her brothers, Ptolemy XIII and Ptolemy XIV. Roman records show that marriages between close siblings were common in Ancient Egypt.

So, if pregnancy is a risk, there is a reason based on health. Children that result from incest between blood relatives are more likely to have birth defects.

The exact definition of the incest relationship varies. In some societies it is immediate relations, such as parents and their children; or brothers and sisters of the same parents. It sometimes includes extended family like aunts, nephews, nieces and uncles. That way, intercourse between cousins is legally permitted in the large majority of the world, but is disliked in many countries. In some U.S. states, such as Texas, the legal definition of incest includes first cousins, but not second cousins. A person who engages in incest may be called an "incestophile" or "incestualist".

Other societies define it much more widely, to include all "blood relatives", or all who live in the same household, or belong to the same clan. Some religions say that sex between people related by marriage is incest. For example, the Old Testament forbids sex between siblings-in-law. In South Africa, sex between a parent-in-law and child-in-law is illegal.

There are different types of incest:

The term is often used to apply to less serious sexual relationships between related people. It is difficult to say how frequent incest is, but researchers have estimated that between 10% and 15% of people have at least one "incest experience" (this means some kind of sexual relationship falling short of actual incest). Less than 2% of these involve intercourse or attempted intercourse. Among women, research by Russell (1986) and Wyatt (1985) has given estimates as high as twenty percent (for such 'incest experience'). In a survey of women in San Francisco, of those who had grown up with a stepfather, 17% (1 in 6) said that he sexually abused her. In the same study, 2.5% (1 in 40) of the women said that they had been sexually abused by their father.

Most societies have some form of incest avoidance.

The incest taboo is and has been one of the most common of all cultural taboos, both in current nations and many past societies, with legal penalties imposed in some jurisdictions. Most modern societies have legal or social restrictions on closely consanguineous marriages. However, in some societies, such as that of Ancient Egypt, brother–sister, father–daughter, and mother–son relations were practiced among royalty.

Many royal houses have suffered inbreeding. This is caused in most cases by apparently natural marriages between persons who are actually closely related. Cases have appeared which are explained, and sometimes even proved, as being dues to inbreeding. The classic examples are the European royal houses (see Hapsburg) and the Egyptian pharaohs.

The Canterbury Tales

The Canterbury Tales is a book of stories written by Geoffrey Chaucer. It was written in the 14th century. It was one of the first books to be written in Middle English. The book is about a group of pilgrims travelling from London to Canterbury. As they travel along, each person tells a story to pass the time. Chaucer planned to write 120 stories, with each person telling two stories on the way there and two on the way back. However, only 23 were completed, and one was partially finished. Two of the stories are written in prose. The others are written in verse. They were so popular that he was invited to read his stories to the king and royal court.

"The Canterbury Tales" is about a group of people who are pilgrims. They are travelling to an important sacred site. In the Middle Ages, many Christian people went on pilgrimages to Jerusalem, Rome, Santiago de Compostela and Canterbury. Canterbury Cathedral was a famous pilgrimage site because it contained the "shrine" (a place for remembering) of Saint Thomas Becket.

Thomas Becket had been the Archbishop of Canterbury in the 1100s. He had an argument with his old friend, King Henry II, and in 1170 he was murdered by some of the King's knights on order from the King. The King felt very sad and guilty. He had a magnificent tomb built for his old friend.

People began to visit the tomb. Soon, some people said that Thomas Becket was a saint, and that his bones could work miracles. He is regarded as a martyr for the Christian faith and as a saint by both the Roman Catholic and Anglican churches. In the late Middle Ages his shrine made Canterbury one of the four most important pilgrimage places in Europe.

Many pilgrims used to meet together in London. "The Canterbury Tales" tells of the meeting of a group at an inn in Southwark, which was a village south of the Thames River and now making up part of London. This was a good place to meet because people from the north could cross the Thames River by London Bridge.

Canterbury is in the south-east of England. Pilgrims used to gather in groups because it was dangerous to travel alone. In the days before modern banking, every traveller had to carry a lot of money to pay for food and accommodation (a place to sleep). Robbers often attacked people along the roads.

When pilgrims gathered in a group, the group could be made up of many different kinds of people, both rich and poor, noble and humble. The groups often contained a number of religious people such as priests, monks and nuns. In Chaucer's story, the most noble person is a knight.

"The Canterbury Tales" begins with a Prologue (which means "a few words to begin"). In the prologue Chaucer describes the time of year, which is April, when the weather begins to get warmer after winter. He says that it is at this time that people begin to go on pilgrimage. Chaucer tells the reader about the people who are gathered at the inn. He describes the people so clearly that many of them have become famous characters in English Literature, and have often been shown in paintings. Chaucer describes how each person tells a story to entertain the other as they travel along.

The Tales are:

Some of the tales (stories) are serious and others are funny. Some of the funny stories are vulgar (sexually rude). A lot of the tales talk about the Christian faith. Sometimes the "theme" (main idea) of one story is followed into the next story, as a new story-teller responds (or answers) to a story they have just heard. All of the tales are about the way that people think and behave towards each other.

"The Canterbury Tales" is written in the type of English that most ordinary people used in Chaucer's day. Chaucer was one of the first authors (writers) who wrote stories in English. Before, stories were written in Latin or French. Some other writers of Chaucer's time also wrote in English. Some of these writers were John Gower, William Langland, and the Pearl Poet.

Chaucer planned the stories before he wrote them but he did not finish his plan. He planned that each character would tell four stories: two while going to Canterbury and two while returning to London. If Chaucer had finished, he would have written 120 stories. He only actually wrote 24. Chaucer began to write the stories in the 1380s. He stopped writing them in the 1390s. Some think that he deliberately did not write the total 120 stories.

Chaucer was an important person in the royal court. Some people think that, in the stories, Chaucer was saying things about court politics. Some people think that Chaucer based his characters on people that he really knew and who were at the royal court.

Some people think that Chaucer copied ideas from others peoples’ writings because some of the stories in "The Canterbury Tales" are very similar to them. The characters, however, are very different. The characters have different occupations and personalities. They all tell different types of stories and they tell them in different ways.The big story is about many pilgrims traveling to Canterbury. They are riding horses and the trip takes several days. Chaucer does not say much about the big story and most of the writing is about the stories told by the pilgrims.

The two earliest manuscripts (hand-written copies) of "The Canterbury Tales" are the Hengwrt manuscript and the Ellesmere manuscript. There are also 84 manuscript and four printed copies of "The Canterbury Tales" that were made before 1500. There are quite a lot of differences in the different copies. Some experts on Chaucer have started The "Canterbury Tales Project". The project is to read all these copies of "The Canterbury Tales", find out the differences and write the most accurate copy.

With the exception of the Innkeeper/host Harry Bailey, the various manuscripts of The Canterbury Tales had various drawings of each of the Pilgrims who told a tale; other Pilgrims mentioned who did not tell a tale or who were illustrated were the knight's yeoman, a haberdasher, a carpenter, a weaver, a dyer, a tapestry weaver; a plowman. The original intenent was that each pilgrim was to tell two tales to Canterbury and two on the way back for a free meal; that would have been an estimated 120 tales-instead of the 23 in the book. Indeed, the only Pilgrim who tells two tales is Chaucer himself: Sir Thopas [unfinished] and Tale of Melibee.

North Reading Room, west wall. Detail of mural by Ezra Winter illustrating the characters in the Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer. Library of Congress John Adams Building, Washington, D.C


Sweat

Sweat, or perspiration, is a liquid made by the skin when the body is hot. Sweat is made in sweat glands under the surface of the skin. It comes out of tiny holes in the skin called pores. Sweat is mostly water, but it also contains some salts. 

The body makes sweat to cool itself down. It is part of the body's thermoregulation. The sweat takes the heat from the body when it evaporates (turns to gas).

Some people think sweat makes a person smell bad. Many people use special sprays to stop this from happening. Deodorants hide the odor of sweat. Anti-perspirants stop the body from sweating.

The sweat glands in our skin contains two different groups of sweat glands: apocrine sweat glands and merocrine sweat glands.

Perspiration, or sweat, is your body's way of cooling itself, whether that extra heat comes from hardworking muscles or from overstimulated nerves. The average person has over 4 million sweat glands in their skin. Sweat glands are distributed over the entire body, except for the lips, nipples and external genital organs. The sweat gland is in the layer of skin called the dermis along with other "equipment," such as nerve endings, hair follicles and so on.

The sweat gland is a long, coiled, hollow tube of cells. The coiled part in the dermis is where sweat is made, and the long part is a duct that connects the gland to the opening or pore on the skins's outer surface. Nerve cells from the sympathetic nervous system are connected to the sweat glands. There are two types of sweat glands:


We are constantly sweating, even though we may not notice it. Sweating is your body's major way of getting rid of excess body heat, which is produced by metabolism or working muscles. The amount of sweat produced depends upon our states of emotion and physical activity. Sweat can be made in response to nerve stimulation, hot air temperature, and/or exercise. First, let's concentrate on how sweat is made in an eccrine sweat gland. 

When the sweat gland is stimulated, the cells secrete a fluid (primary secretion) that is similar to plasma -- that is, it is mostly water and it has high concentrations of sodium and chloride and a low concentration of potassium -- but without the proteins and fatty acids that are normally found in plasma. The source of this fluid is the spaces between the cells (interstitial spaces), which get the fluid from the blood vessels (capillaries) in the dermis. This fluid travels from the coiled portion up through the straight duct. What happens in the straight duct depends upon the rate of sweat production or flow: 


Sweat is produced in apocrine sweat glands in the same way. However, the sweat from apocrine glands also contains proteins and fatty acids, which make it thicker and give it a milkier or yellowish color. This is why underarm stains in clothing appear yellowish. Sweat itself has no odor, but when bacteria on the skin and hair metabolize the proteins and fatty acids, they produce an unpleasant odor. This is why deodorants and anti-perspirants are applied to the underarms instead of the whole body. 

The maximum volume of sweat that a person who is not adapted to a hot climate can produce is about one liter per hour. Amazingly, if you move to a hot climate such as the American desert southwest or the tropics, your ability to produce sweat will increase to about two to three liters per hour within about six weeks! This appears to be the maximum amount that you can produce.

When sweat evaporates from the surface of your skin, it removes excess heat and cools you. This is actually due to a neat principle in physics, which goes like this. To convert water from a liquid to a vapor, it takes a certain amount of heat called the heat of vaporization. This heat energy increases the speed of the water molecules so that they can escape into the air. For water, this value is 540 calories/gram or 2.26 x 106 joules/kilogram. So, if you can produce one liter of sweat, which is equal to 1000 g or 1 kg (density of water is 1 g/ml or 1 kg/l) in one hour, then 540,000 calories of heat can be removed from your body. This is an extreme example using the maximum amount of sweat that a person can make. Typically, all of the sweat does not evaporate, but rather runs off your skin. In addition, not all heat energy produced by the body is lost through sweat. Some is directly radiated from the skin to the air and some is lost through respiratory surfaces of the lungs. 

A major factor that influences the rate of evaporation is the relative humidity of the air around you. If the air is humid, then it already has water vapor in it, probably near saturation, and cannot take any more. Therefore, sweat does not evaporate and cool your body as efficiently as when the air is dry. 

Finally, when the water in the sweat evaporates, it leaves the salts (sodium, chloride and potassium) behind on your skin, which is why your skin tastes salty. The loss of excessive amounts of salt and water from your body can quickly dehydrate you, which can lead to circulatory problems, kidney failure and heat stroke. So, it is important to drink plenty of fluids when you exercise or are outside in high temperatures. Sports drinks contain some salts to replace those lost in the sweat.

Sweating responds to emotional state. So when you are nervous, anxious or afraid, there is an increase in sympathetic nerve activity in your body as well as an increase in epinephrine secretion from your adrenal gland. These substances act on your sweat glands, particularly those on the palms of your hand and your armpits, to make sweat. Thus, you feel a "cold" sweat. Also, the increased sympathetic nerve activity in the skin changes its electrical resistance, which is the basis of the galvanic skin response used in lie detector tests.

Excessive sweating usually occurs on the palms of the hand or the armpits. If it is not caused by emotional or physical activity it is called "diaphoresis" or hyperhidrosis. It is often an embarrassing condition. The cause or causes are unknown. The condition may be due to the following: 

The condition can be treated.

Adult Swim

Adult Swim (stylized as [adult swim] since 2003 and is also shortened to [as]) is an American adult-oriented nighttime programming block on the basic cable network Cartoon Network that is programmed by its in-house production studio, Williams Street. Marketed as a separate network for ratings purposes, Adult Swim broadcasts from 9 p.m. to 6 a.m. (Mondays-Fridays) and from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. (Saturdays-Sundays) ET/PT.

Debuting on March 2, 2001, Adult Swim serves as the nighttime identity of Cartoon Network, and it was established as alternative programming during late night hours when Cartoon Network's primary target audience would normally be sleeping. By 2005, Adult Swim would be granted its own separate Nielsen ratings report from Cartoon Network due to it targeting a different audience. The block features stylistically varied animated and live-action shows, including original programming, syndicated series, anime, original video animations, and short films with generally minimal or no editing for content.

Adult Swim has frequently aired adult animation features, mockumentaries, sketch comedy, and pilots. The block's shows are known for their sexual themes, frank sexual discussion, nudity, strong language, and graphic violence. Many of its programs are aesthetically experimental, transgressive, improvised, and surrealist in nature. Adult Swim has contracted with various studios known for their productions in absurd and shock comedy.

WESC

WESC is a Swedish company. The company makes clothing, like jeans and shirts. Many people like these clothes, and they can buy them in many countries, for example in the United States, Japan and Germany. Because some famous people use the clothes, other people want to buy them too.

Ozámiz

Ozámiz is a city in the Philippines, in the province of Misamis Occidental. There were 141,828 people living there according to the 2015 census.

Ozámiz is named after Senator José F. Ozámiz, a hero of the Philippine resistance against the Japanese during World War 2.


Tillage

Tillage is the process in which soil is loosened and softened by tillers or harrows pulled by a tractor or by a plough pulled by an animal or human. The plough breaks the upper crust of the soil so that air and sunlight enter into the soil. This makes the soil more fertile but too much or frequent tillage may make it less fertile.

Yarmouth

Yarmouth could mean one of the following places.

In Canada:

In England:

In the United States:


Yarmouth, Nova Scotia

Yarmouth is a town in the province of Nova Scotia in the country of Canada. In 2011, the population of Yarmouth was 6,761.


Spleen

The spleen is an organ in vertebrates. The spleen is part of the lymphatic system. In people, it is on the left side of the body, under the heart. The spleen helps fight infections and keeps the blood cells healthy.

The spleen cleans out old blood cells from the blood and recycles them. It helps save the iron and the amino acids from the old blood cells. The spleen also holds a supply of extra blood, in case the body needs some quickly. The spleen works together with the circulatory system (the system which brings blood to the body).

A study published in 2009 using mice found that the spleen is a reservoir which holds over half the body's monocytes. These monocytes move to injured tissue (such as the heart after myocardial infarction), turn into dendritic cells and macrophages, and promote tissue healing. The spleen is rather like a large lymph node. Its absence makes certain infections more likely.

The spleen is shaped like a loose fist. It is tucked under the left side of the diaphragm, close by the heart.The average adult spleen weighs 0.44 lbs.

The spleen can get bigger when a person is digesting food or is sick. If a person's spleen gets big enough, it can break open. If this happens, the person needs medical care right away. Emergency surgery might be needed to control the bleeding.

Some of the diseases that cause the spleen to get bigger are: 

In the past, many people believed the spleen helped control emotions. For example, if a person was upset or angry, people would think it was because of a spleen problem.

Placenta

The placenta is a temporary organ in the uterus (womb) of pregnant female mammals. Its main role is to transfer oxygen and nutrients from the mother's blood to the baby's blood, and to transfer waste molecules back from the baby's blood to the mother's. It also protects the baby from harmful substances in the mother's blood, and produces hormones that support the pregnancy. 

The placenta is attached to the wall of the uterus and connected to the baby by big blood vessels in the umbilical cord. After the baby is born, the placenta and cord are also pushed out of the uterus. At this time the placenta and cord are often called the afterbirth.

The baby in the womb gets everything it needs through the placenta. Oxygen travels in the mother's blood from her lungs to the placenta and then in the baby's blood through the umbilical cord to the baby. Carbon dioxide waste travels the same route in reverse, from the baby's blood to the mothers blood and out through her lungs. Nutrient molecules (sugars, fats, proteins and vitamins) travel through her blood from her digestive tract to the placenta, and then in the baby's blood to the baby, and waste products travel back to her kidneys for disposal. 

One of the placenta's jobs is to make sure blood from the mother and fetus never mixes. The placenta acts as an exchange surface between the mother and the fetus. Nutrients and oxygen are passed from one bloodstream to the other by diffusion only. If the mother's and fetus's blood mixed, it could be deadly for both of them. If the mother and the fetus had different blood types, they might both die if their blood mixed.

The placenta has two parts, one of which is genetically and biologically part of the fetus, the other part of the mother. It is implanted in the wall of the uterus, where it receives nutrients and oxygen from the mother's blood and passes out waste. This forms a barrier called the placental barrier, which filters out some substances which could harm the fetus. 

However, the placental barrier is not able to protect the fetus from everything that could hurt it. For example, alcohol goes through the placental barrier into the fetus. This is why drinking alcohol during pregnancy can cause Fetal Alcohol Syndrome. The placenta is also unable to filter out many other things. Chemicals that can cross the placental barrier and hurt the fetus are called teratogens. Some viruses can also cross this barrier and infect the fetus. On the good side, many of the mother's antibodies can pass through the placenta, and these can help the baby resist diseases in its first year. 

Throughout pregnancy the placenta produces hormones that travel through the mother's blood and help her body adapt to the pregnancy. One of these hormones is detected by pregnancy tests; it also is responsible for the nausea many women experience early in pregnancy ('morning sickness'). Once the baby is ready to be born, the placenta produces hormones that stimulate labor.

The egg-laying mammals (echidna and platypus) and marsupial mammals produce a type of placenta that provides nutrients mostly from the egg sac, instead of from the mother's blood. It is positioned in the female's body similar to eutherian mammals. Non-mammals who give birth to live young rather than laying eggs (some snakes and lizards, and even some fish), have also evolved systems of internal development with a placenta-like tissue: these are examples of convergent evolution.

Glorious Revolution

The Glorious Revolution was an event in the history of England and Scotland in 1688. Many people in England and Scotland did not like King James II because he was Catholic. A Protestant, William III of Orange-Nassau, took over as king. William was King James II's nephew and Mary's first cousin and came to England with his wife, Queen Mary, the daughter of James II. They let the old king escape to France. William signed the "Bill of Rights," became king and let England become a constitutional monarchy.

On the surface, it is a story about religion. However, it is also about the balance between monarch and Parliament. A civil war had been fought because Charles I tried to rule as an absolute monarch. His son, Charles II, had been accepted back after he had agreed to limit his powers. However, his brother, the Duke of York, made it clear he wanted to get back the absolute power that their father, Charles I, had.

When Charles II died without any legitimate children in 1685, the Duke of York became King as James II in England and Ireland. He also became James VII in Scotland. He tried to give freedom of religion to Catholics and other non-Anglicans by making the Acts of Parliament invalid by royal decree. The Protestants did not like that. Several Protestant politicians and noblemen began talking with Mary's husband as early as 1687. In May 1688, James forced Anglican clergymen to read the Declaration of Indulgence, a statement that gave religious freedom to those who were not party of the Church of England. That was criticised as a first step to a return to Catholicism.

Protestants became even more fearful when James's wife, Mary of Modena, gave birth to a son, James Francis Edward, in June 1688. They were afraid because the son, unlike Mary and Anne, would be raised a Roman Catholic. Some said that the boy had been secretly carried into the Queen's room in a bed-warming pan instead of her stillborn baby. There was no proof to support that story, but Mary publicly doubted the boy's legitimacy. She sent a list of suspicious questions to her sister, Anne, about the boy's birth.

On 30 June, the Immortal Seven secretly asked William, who was in the Netherlands with Mary, to come to England with an army. William, who was jealous of Mary's position and power, did not want to go at first. However, Mary told William that she did not care about political power. She said that "she would be no more but his wife, and that she would do all that lay in her power to make him King for life".

Ironically, the Pope, the leader of the world's Catholics, supported William to get rid of James, who was thought be a puppet Louis XIV of France. The Pope thought that Louis was too powerful and that William would weaken France.

William agreed to attack and declared that James' newborn son was the "pretended Prince of Wales". He also gave a list of what the English people wanted and claimed that he wanted only to have "a free and lawful Parliament assembled". The Dutch Army, which had been turned back by a storm in October, landed on 5 November. The English Army and Navy went over to William. The English people's confidence in James was very low and did not even try to save their King. On 11 December, the King tried to run away, but failed. He tried to run away again on 23 December. This second attempt was successful, and James escaped to France. He lived there in exile until his death.

Though Mary was sad because of the deposition of her father, William ordered her to look happy when they arrived in London. Because of that, people thought she was being cold to her father. James also thought his daughter was unfaithful to him which hurt Mary deeply.

In 1689, a Convention Parliament was called by William to come together to discuss what to do. William felt uncomfortable about his position. He wanted to rule as a king, not simply as a husband of a queen. The only example of joint monarchy was from the 16th century. That was Queen Mary I and Spanish Prince Philip. When they married, it was agreed that Prince Philip would take the title of King but only during his wife's lifetime. He also did not have much power. William wanted to remain King even after his wife's death. Some important people suggested making Mary the only ruler. However, Mary, who was faithful to her husband, refused.

On 13 February 1689, Parliament passed the Declaration of Right, which said that James, by trying to run away on 11 December 1688, had abdicated and so no one at the time was king. Normally, James's oldest son, James Francis Edward, would have been the heir. However, Parliament offered the crown to William and Mary as joint sovereigns instead. However, it was added, "The sole and full exercise of the regal (royal) power be only in and executed by the said Prince of Orange in the names of the said Prince and Princess during their joint lives". The declaration was later extended to exclude Catholics from rule because "It hath been found (discovered) by experience that it is inconsistent (not in harmony) with the safety and welfare of this Protestant kingdom to be governed by a papist prince".

William and Mary were crowned together at Westminster Abbey on 11 April 1689. The Archbishop of Canterbury usually performed coronations, but at the time, the Archbishop was William Sancroft, who felt that James II's removal had been wrong. Therefore, the Bishop of London, Henry Compton, crowned them instead. On the day of the Coronation, the Convention of the Estates of Scotland declared at last that James was no longer King of Scotland. William and Mary were offered the separate Scottish Crown because the two kingdoms were not united until the Acts of Union in 1707. William and Mary accepted on 11 May.

Even after that was declared, there was still strong support for James in Scotland. John Graham of Clevehouse, the Viscount of Dundee, raised an army and won a victory at Killiecrankie on 27 July. However, Dundee's army suffered great losses, and he was seriously wounded at the start of the battle. This stopped the only effective resistance to William, and the revolt was quickly crushed. The next month, there was a great defeat for James at the Battle of Dunkeld.

Electromagnetism

Electromagnetism is one of the four fundamental forces of nature. The others are gravity, and the strong and weak interactions of particle physics.

The electromagnetic force pushes or pulls anything that has an electric charge, like electrons and protons. It includes the electric force, which pushes all charged particles, and the magnetic force, which only pushes moving charges.

There are two types of electric charge: positive and negative. The electric force pulls opposite charges (positive and negative) towards each other. It pushes similar charges (both positive, or both negative) away from each other.

The electromagnetic force comes from something called an electromagnetic field. In physics, a field is how we keep track of things that might change in space and time. It is like a set of labels for every point in space. For instance, the air temperature in a room could be described by a field, where the labels are just numbers saying how hot it is at that point in the room. We could have more complicated labels as well. On a map of wind speeds, the label could be a number saying how strong the wind is and also an arrow saying which way it is blowing. We call this a vector field because each label is a vector - it has a direction (the arrow) and a magnitude (its strength).

Electric and magnetic fields are also fields. Instead of keeping track of temperature or wind speed, they tell us how much push or pull a charged particle will feel at that point in space, and which direction it will be pushed. Like wind speeds, electric fields are also vector fields, so they can be drawn as arrows. The arrows point which way a positive particle, like a proton, will be pushed if it is in the field. Negative particles, like electrons, will go in the opposite direction as the arrows. In an electric field, arrows will point away from positive particles and towards negative ones. So a proton in an electric field would move away from another proton, or towards an electron. Similar charges repel (push away from each other), while opposite charges attract (are pulled together).

Magnetic fields are a little different. They only push on moving charges, and they push more on charges that are moving faster. But they do not push at all on charges that are sitting still. However, a changing magnetic field can produce an electric field, and an electric field can push on any charges. This idea, called electromagnetic induction, is used to make electric generators, induction motors, and transformers work. Together, electric and magnetic fields make up the electromagnetic field.

Before 1800, people thought that electricity and magnetism were two different things. However, this changed during the 19th century when scientists like Hans Christian Ørsted and Michael Faraday proved that electricity and magnetism are actually connected. In 1820, Ørsted found that when he turned the electric current from a battery on and off, it moved the needle on a nearby compass. When he studied this effect more carefully, he discovered that the electric current was producing a magnetic field. That is, when electric charges are moving, they can produce a force that pushes on magnets. Ørsted had found one of the first connections between electricity and magnetism.

Faraday continued studying this connection, running tests with loops of wire and magnets. He found that if he set up two loops of wire and ran electricity through just one of them, he could (for a little while) produce an electric current in the other loop as well. Faraday also discovered that he could produce a current by moving a magnet through a loop of wire, or by moving the wire over a magnet. What Faraday had shown was that magnets could push back on moving electric charges, and that moving magnets could push on charges sitting still. This was like what Ørsted had found, but in reverse.

in 1873, James Clerk Maxwell summed up these connections in his theory of "classical electromagnetism," electricity and magnetism together. This theory was based on a set of four equations called Maxwell's equations, and the Lorentz force law. Maxwell's equations told us how to relate electricity and magnetism. They said that charges sitting still could push on other charges, but moving charges could produce magnetic fields that push on magnets. On the other hand, magnets sitting still can only push on moving charges, but moving magnets can push on any electric charges. 

What's more, Maxwell's studies showed that light could be described as a ripple in the electromagnetic field. That is, light moves like a wave. However, Maxwell's work did not agree with classical mechanics, the description of forces and motion originally developed by Newton. Maxwell's equations predicted that light always moves through empty space at the same speed. This was a problem because in classical mechanics, velocities are "additive"-- if a person A on a train moving at speed X throws a ball with speed Y, then a person B on the ground sees the ball moving with speed X+Y. According to Maxwell, if person A turns on a flashlight, they will see the light moving away from them at speed "c". But person B on the ground must also see the light moving at speed "c", not "c"+X. This led to the development of the theory of special relativity by Einstein, which explained how the speed of light could be the same for everyone, and why classical mechanics does not work for things moving very fast.

Albert Einstein's work with the photoelectric effect and Max Planck's work with blackbody radiation did not work with the traditional view of light as a continuous wave. This problem would be solved after the development of quantum mechanics in 1925. This development led to the development of quantum electrodynamics which was developed by Richard Feynman and Julian Schwinger. Quantum electrodynamics was able to describe the interactions particles in detail.

Electromagnetic radiation is thought to be both a particle and a wave. This is because it sometimes acts like a particle and sometimes acts like a wave. To make things easier we can think of an electromagnetic wave as a stream of photons (symbol γ).

A photon is an elementary particle, meaning that it cannot be broken down into smaller particles. It is the particle that light is made up of. Photons also make up all other types of electromagnetic radiation such as gamma rays, X-rays, and UV rays. The idea of photons was thought up by Einstein. Using his theory for the photoelectric effect, Einstein said that light existed in small "packets" or parcels which he called photons.

Photons have energy and momentum. When two charged objects push or pull on each other, they send photons back and forth. So photons carry the electromagnetic force between charged objects. Photons are also known as messenger particles in physics because these particles often carry messages between objects. Photons send messages saying "come closer" or "go away" depending on the charges of the objects that are being looked at. If a force exists while time passes, then photons are being exchanged during that time.

Fundamental electromagnetic interactions occur between any two particles that have an electric charge. These interactions involve the exchange or production of photons. Thus, photons are the carrier particles of electromagnetic interactions.

Electromagnetic decay processes can often be recognized by the fact that they produce one or more photons (also known as gamma rays). They proceed less rapidly than strong decay processes with comparable mass differences, but more rapidly than comparable weak decays.

Acton, Massachusetts

Acton is a town in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. It is 21 miles away from Boston.


Urbana, Illinois

Urbana is a city in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is the twin city of Champaign, Illinois and is separated by a single street. The main campus of the University of Illinois is in Urbana and Champaign. As of 2020, it has population of 38,336.

Population (2020) • City 38,336

Bill Oddie

William Edgar (Bill) Oddie OBE (born 7 July 1941) is a British comedian, actor, writer and television personality. 

Oddie was born in Rochdale, Lancashire and grew up in Birmingham. He read English Literature at Pembroke College, Cambridge where he gained an MA. He is most famous for his birdwatching and conservation work. In the 1970s, he was a member of the BBC One television comedy series, The Goodies. Doctors found that his mother, Lilian, had schizophrenia. Oddie says that he does not remember her living at home because she spent a lot of her life in mental hospitals.

Oddie has bipolar disorder.


Montgomery Ward

Montgomery Ward was an American department store chain. It currently exists only as an online retail website since 2004. It only delivers in the United States. 

It started as a mail-order catalog (called a "Wish Book") and department store in 1872. It owned Jefferson Ward discount stores. Jefferson Ward stores in the northern US were sold to Bradlees in 1985. The rest closed in 1988. All its stores closed in 2000. In 2004, it reopened as an online store.

Montgomery Ward was founded by Aaron Montgomery Ward, a Chicago entrepreneur. 

Toe

Toes are the "digits" of the foot of an animal. Many animal species walk on their toes, and are called "digitigrade". Humans, and other animals that walk on the soles of their feet, are "plantigrade"; hoofed animals are "unguligrade".

In humans, the bones of each toe continue all the way to the heel, although in from the base of the toes they come together in the body of the foot. The inside toe is by far the thickest, and is called the "big toe", "great toe", or "hallux".

The one on the other end is short and thin. The toes, especially the big toe, play an essential role in walking, although a loss of the smallest toe will not affect the way people move.


AFC Champions League

The AFC Champions League is a football competition between the best club teams in Asia. The teams are selected because of good performances in domestic leagues or cups. South Korea is the country with the most titles. The team that got the most titles is Al-Hilal.

Raptor

Raptor can mean:

Newton's laws of motion

Isaac Newton (1642–1727) is widely known as the father of dynamics, the study of motion. He developed three laws that are the foundation of classical mechanics. They are believed to be true because the results of experiments by scientists agree with his .
colton ribbonleg as a leg that works



From the above statement it's clearly observable that Newton's first law defines force and inertia. 

This law also gives the Qualitative definition of force.

A "uniform velocity" means that an object moves at a constant speed without changing direction (i.e. in a straight line). A "net force" means that the forces acting on the object are not balanced. In other words, the first law states two things:

The first part states that a table resting on the ground will not move unless pushed. Although gravity is acting on the table, pulling it down, there is a "reaction force" from the ground which is pushing it back. The forces acting on the table are "balanced", so the object will not move.

The second part is harder to explain. A ball rolling along a flat surface will slow down and eventually come to a halt. This is because of friction, which is a force that slows the ball down. A ball rolling down a slope is also affected by friction, but the effect of the force of gravity is stronger than the friction, so there is a net force acting in the direction in which the ball is moving. In a place without the forces of friction, air resistance and gravity (e.g. in outer space) a moving object would keep on moving in a straight line if there were no force to slow it down or change its direction.


Newton's second law states that acceleration of a particle is dependent on the forces acting upon the particle and the particle's mass. For a given particle, if the net force is increased, the acceleration is increased. It's also stated that the rate of change of momentum of a body is directly proportional to applied force and takes place in the direction in which the force act. For a given net force, the more mass a particle has, the less acceleration it has. 

For example, weight is a force that we feel on Earth, caused by the gravity. The weight formula_6 on a particle is given by
where formula_1 is the mass of the particle and formula_9 is the local gravitational acceleration (not to be confused with "G", the universal gravitational constant), roughly equal to 9.8 meters per second (32 feet per second) on Earth.

We can express Newton's second law in terms of momentum. The momentum formula_10 of a particle is defined as the product of its mass formula_1 and velocity formula_12:
The acceleration formula_4 of a particle is the time derivative of its velocity formula_12:
Therefore,
Thus, we have another way of stating Newton's second law:

In classical mechanics, the two forms of the second law, formula_5 and formula_21, are completely equivalent. Note that we assume that the mass formula_1 of a particle does not change.


This is best understood with billiard balls, where you can easily see the action/reaction pairs of forces. Likewise, when you kick a football, not only does the ball move, but you feel a force on your foot.

The size of the forces on the first object equals the size of the force on the second object. The direction of the force on the first object is opposite to the direction of the force on the second object. Forces always come in pairs - equal and opposite action-reaction force pairs. 

A variety of action-reaction force pairs are evident in nature. Consider the propulsion of a fish through the water. A fish uses its fins to push water backwards. But a push on the water will only serve to accelerate the water. Since forces result from mutual interactions, the water must also be pushing the fish forwards, propelling the fish through the water. The size of the force on the water equals the size of the force on the fish; the direction of the force on the water (backwards) is opposite the direction of the force on the fish (forwards). For every action, there is an equal (in size) and opposite (in direction) reaction force. Action-reaction force pairs make it possible for fish to swim.

Consider the motion of a car on the way to school. A car has wheels which spin forwards. As the wheels spin forwards, they grip the road and push the road backwards. Since forces result from mutual interactions, the road must also be pushing the wheels forward. The size of the force on the road equals the size of the force on the wheels (or car); the direction of the force on the road (backwards) is opposite the direction of the force on the wheels (forwards). For every action, there is an equal (in size) and opposite (in direction) reaction. Action-reaction force pairs make it possible for cars to move along a roadway surface.

Fencing

"This is about the sport. You may be wanting to read about a fence."

Fencing is a sport for two people with different kinds of swords. The aim is to score hits. There is also a referee. 

The foil is a light and easy to bend weapon, first made in mid 17th century as a weapon for practice. 'Hits' can only be scored by hitting the target area with the point of the sword. The target area is the torso.

The épée is the heaviest of the three weapons. To score a hit, the push-button on the end of the weapon must remain fully down for 2-10 milliseconds, and must arrive (hit) with a force of at least 7.35 newtons. The target area for Épée is the entire body. This includes the feet and the head.

The sabre is the "cutting" weapon, with a curved guard (to protect the hand) and a triangular blade. However, in modern electric scoring, a touch with any part of the sabre, (point, flat or edge, as long as it is on target) will count as a hit. The target area in sabre is everything from the waist up, except for the hands.

Fencers wear a uniform to avoid injury. They wear a mask of black mesh with a bib. Also, a jacket, short pants and a sort of half-a-shirt (called an underarm protector or plastron), all of white fabric. They must also wear socks that cover their legs. Women must wear a chest protector. These are collectively called "whites."



Administrator

Administrators or admins are people who organize things like businesses. All businesses have administrators. They make decisions, organize the people who work there and make sure that things are working alright and there are no problems. Their work is called "administration". The administrators are part of the "management".

An administrator is also the person in charge of some of the small territories of the United Kingdom, for example Ascension Island and the British Antarctic Territory which are too small to run their own government.

In real life, administrators manage and control business to make sure it runs correctly. In business, Administrators are usually in-charge of handling disputes, work related issues, and keeping the office or place in working order. The admin usually supervise around the office of businesses and make sure that all tasks or requests are filled.

Administrators on the internet usually manage and control a website. On websites that need it such as forums, they have moderation tools that ban them, warn them, etc. from the website to prevent bad and inappropriate content. Most websites usually treat moderation positions as a real job.

Geneva Conventions

The Geneva Conventions are a set of four treaties of international law at wartime. They were formulated in Geneva, Switzerland. All of the four treaties are about humanitarian issues. The Swiss Henri Dunant was the person who started the creation of the Conventions. He did this after he saw the unimaginable cruelty of the Battle of Solferino in 1859.

Some parts of the four Geneva Conventions say that all countries who signed must create national laws to make violations of the Geneva Conventions a crime.

The conventions and their agreements are as follows:


In addition, there are three more protocols to the Geneva Conventions:



After the First Convention was agreed, the International Committee of the Red Cross was founded in 1863.

All four conventions were last checked and agreed on in 1949. Those versions are related to previous revisions. In some cases, ideas from the 1907 Hague Convention were added. Usually, people refer to all four conventions as the "Geneva Conventions of 1949" or simply the "Geneva Conventions". Later conferences have added text that makes it illegal to use certain kinds of warfare, like chemical warfare. They have also spoken about issues of civil wars. 

Clara Barton was important in campaigning for the United States to agree to the First Geneva Convention. The United States signed that Convention in 1882. 

By the Fourth Geneva Convention in 1949, some 47 nations had ratified the agreements.

Today, nearly all 200 countries of the world are "signatory" nations. This means they have signed and agreed to follow the Geneva Conventions.



International law

International law is the law that is used when there is a conflict between countries. There are two different types of international law: 

In recent years, people have also seen international organizations like the United Nations use international law.


Hague Convention

The Hague Convention is a set of treaties signed in Den Haag in 1899 and 1907. Along with the Geneva conventions, they are among the first treaties to speak about war crimes and the laws of war. They are considered to be part of international law.

The Hague

The Hague (with capital T; Dutch: also called , commonly ) is the third-largest municipality in the Netherlands, after Amsterdam and Rotterdam. It has a population of about 546,000 (2020) and an area of around 98 km². It is in the west of the country, in the province South Holland. It is the capital of the province. About 1 million people live in the urban area of The Hague, on about 405 square kilometers.

The Hague is the location of the Binnenhof, the building where the national government of the Netherlands meets. Built in the 13th century, the Binnenhof is the home of the "Eerste Kamer" (literally "First Chamber") or "Senaat", and the "Tweede Kamer" (literally "Second Chamber"). These are the same as the upper and lower houses in some other countries. They form the "Staten Generaal" (literally the "Estates-General").

Willem-Alexander, the king of the Netherlands, lives and works in The Hague. His home is called the Noordeinde Palace and it is not far away from the Binnenhof. All foreign embassies and government ministries of the country are in the city, as well as the Hoge Raad der Nederlanden (The Supreme Court) and many lobbying organisations.

All of this is unusual for a country, because The Hague is not the capital of the Netherlands, which is Amsterdam. This is made so by the Constitution of the Netherlands.

Besides the buildings used by the government, the International Court of Justice of the United Nations is based in the Peace Palace, which is also in The Hague and often referred to as "The Hague" by metonymy. A tourist attraction is Madurodam, which has lots of tiny buildings that look like the real things.

The Hague is part of a large conurbation called the Randstad, where most Dutch people live. It is only an hour away from Amsterdam, Utrecht, and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol by train (most of which are run by Nederlandse Spoorwegen) and with its two train stations, is easy to get to from many places in the Netherlands and all around Europe.



S.A.S.

The S.A.S. or Special Air Service, is a Special Operations Organisation of the British Army. It was founded in 1941 to attack behind the German line of defence in North Africa, in World War II. They are one of the best schooled units in the world, that makes them very valuable. There are about 500 active SAS soldiers.

The SAS is a secret organisation. Its members often do not tell anyone except close family that they are in it. The British Ministry of Defence (MOD) rarely speaks of the SAS and mission details are never released until much later.

The badge of the organisation was originally designed as a flaming sword of Damocles but ended up as a winged dagger. It shows the motto: "Who Dares Wins".

Current SAS roles include:


The SAS is thought of all over the world as one of the best, if not the best Special Operations organisations.
This is mainly because of the intense training they are put through. The hardest part of this is intense interrogation (questioning while under torture) which the trainees must go through.

The SAS is respected worldwide and used to train many other Special Forces Units. Several special operations units are modeled after the SAS. For example, the U.S. Army's Delta Force was founded due in large part to Charles Beckwith, a U.S. Army special operations officer, serving as an exchange officer with the SAS. He felt that the U.S. Army was vulnerable in not having a unit comparable to the SAS.


Kookaburra Sport

Kookaburra Sport is an Australian company named after an Australian bird related to the kingfisher, which eats snakes and is, therefore, very valuable to the Australians.

Kookaburra makes and sells cricket supplies which are used by amateurs and professionals. They are one of the leading brands and are famous for their colourful and artistic designs. It is the leading manufacturer of cricket equipment in the world. Its balls are used the most in international cricket matches.

Lancashire

Lancashire is a ceremonial county in the North West of England. Its two cities are Lancaster and Preston. Before 1974, Liverpool and Manchester were part of the administrative county of Lancashire.
The county has developed a fierce rivalry with Yorkshire, the next county east. This comes from rivalry in sport, such as in cricket, and comes from the War of the Roses.
A big attraction in Lancashire is Blackpool, an English seaside resort, which has a theme park called Blackpool Pleasure Beach. It has the second largest rollercoaster in Europe ("The Big One") and Blackpool Tower, a tower which was made to look like the Eiffel Tower in Paris.

Lancashire has market towns (like Chorley) and small villages (like Bretherton, Croston and Eccleston). It is just south of an area of outstanding natural beauty called the Lake District. Lancashire also has a lot of pleasant countryside such as White Coppice and the Rivington Moors.
A famous food from Lancashire is "Lancashire hotpot" which is made of meat, onion or other vegetables and potatoes. It is often found on many pub menus in the county and in other places in Britain. 
The people of Lancashire are known for their friendly nature. Humour is also an important part of Lancashire life.

Church of England

The Church of England is the leading Christian church in England. It is the church established by law: its formal head is the English monarch (Charles III). It is the mother church of the Anglican Communion. Its headquarters are at Church House, Westminster, in London.

The Church of England understands itself to be both Catholic and Reformed:

There are other Protestant churches in England which are not part of the Anglican Communion.

The Church of England became independent under King Henry VIII in 1534. Henry VIII was married to Catherine of Aragon, but asked the Pope to annul the marriage (say that it was a mistake and that Henry and Catherine were never really married). He wanted to annul the marriage because he wanted a male heir to his throne and Catherine could not produce one. When the annulment was refused, Henry VIII used his position as King to break the Church away from the Roman Catholic Church. This established the independence of the Church of England, sometimes called the Anglican (English) Church. Methodism broke away from the church in the 18th century. The Oxford Movement brought some Catholic beliefs and practices back into the church in the 19th century. 

Under his son, King Edward VI, more Protestant forms of worship were adopted. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Thomas Cranmer started more changes. A new pattern of worship was set out in the Book of Common Prayer (1549 and 1552). These were based on the older liturgy but influenced by Protestant principles.



Tense (grammar)

Tense is the form of a verb that shows the time something happened, or is going to happen. There are three main tenses:


Tense can be shown by changing the spelling of a verb. For example, "be" can become "am", "is", and "are" in present tense, and "was" and "were" in past tense. In English, future tense is shown by adding "will" before the verb. For example, "be" becomes "will be" in future tense.

Some verb tenses are much more common than others in English.

"Note: These tenses can be subdivided further (see below)".

There are also different kinds of tense within each main tense. 
In addition to tense, verbs can also indicate the completion, progress, or duration of an action. This is done by adding "helping words" or "auxiliary words", such as "be" and "have", before the verb. For example, "I give", "I have given", "I am giving", and "I have been giving" are all in present tense, but have different meanings"." This is called aspect. 

Other languages have different ways of showing tense. For example, Latin usually shows tense by changing the verb, like English. However, Chinese and Indonesian show tense by adding new words, instead of changing the verb.

Blackpool Tower

Blackpool Tower is a tall structure in Blackpool, a North England seaside town.

It was built in the style of the Eiffel Tower. Building started in 1891 and finished in 1894. It cost £45000 (around US$70000), is 518 ft tall and weighs 2586 tons. It is mainly made from steel and cast iron.

It is one of the main tourist attractions in Blackpool. These include the tower itself, the Golden Mile, which is a row of arcades, the Irish Sea and beach, and Pleasure Beach Blackpool (a theme park).

The oldest part of the building is the old aquarium which was part of Dr Cockers' Menagarie and Aquarium since the 1870s. It was kept open to earn money while the tower building was built around it.

The tower was bought by Blackpool Council in 2010 and is now run by Merlin Entertainments for Blackpool Council.

Since Merlin Entertainments started running the tower, the building has been repaired and new attractions have been added. The aquarium was removed to make way for a new attraction.

Attractions at the tower include the Blackpool Dungeon, the Blackpool Tower Eye, the Blackpool Tower Circus, the Blackpool Tower Ballroom and Jungle Jim's.

Theme park

A theme park or amusement park is a place with attractions made up of rides, such as roller coasters and water rides. They usually contain a selection of different types of rides, along with shops, restaurants and other entertainment outlets. Theme parks can be enjoyed by adults, teenagers and children.
Many are themed to a particular area; there are water parks, parks modeled after toys, parks modeled after movies or types of movies, usually adventure or action.

The period from the 1950s through the 1970s brought about a core era for growth in the contemporary theme park industry, as a strong American middle class was being established and personal transportation became a common good. The baby boom following the second World War guaranteed a large number of families seeking to spend time together, and expanding labor rights allow for more free time to do just that.

Finally, long-distance travel options and new forms of transportation, such as passenger air travel, grew in importance, making new destinations accessible. This mix of ideal economic conditions, combined with innovations during the time period, formed a perfect foundation on which to build the modern theme park concept to be developed.

A similar “perfect storm” unfolded in Europe, with new innovations and attractions reshaping pleasure gardens and driving new experiences. Unique offerings were key to transporting families to worlds of imagination and wonder, but also to attracting audiences from further away.

The sheer concept of theme parks was born out of a combination of three early traditions: traveling fairs, pleasure gardens, and world fair exhibits. Slowly the three came together and formed the modern amusement park, inviting all age groups.

Back in the day, the decision of going to a theme park was equivalent to an out of city trip, where people dressed the part. Men wore suits and ties, and women were always spotted in heels, as opposed to now, when people have ditched all that for comfortable clothes and sneakers. Today, enjoying amusement park rides seems like a hop, skip, and jump situation. Acrobatics, juggling acts and freak shows have gradually evolved to puppet shows and arcade games. The evolution of theme parks has been progressive – wooden roller coasters have turned into steel ones, with more safety elements added to all rides.

Some famous theme parks:

Kookaburra

Kookaburras are birds of the genus Dacelo and are native to Australia and New Guinea. An adult kookaburra is generally 28–42 centimetres from the head to the tip of the tail.


Kookaburras usually eat small animals: small mammals (like mice), insects, small birds, lizards and snakes. 

Kookaburras usually live in family groups. Young kookaburras help their parents to hunt and care for the smaller children.

Kookaburras are well known for their loud call, which sounds a bit like human laughter. Kookaburras use their calling to show others what is their land.

Poll tax

Poll tax is a system of taxing. It is also called head tax. It is based on the idea that everyone pays the same amount of tax. This is regardless of how much they earn. In the last few years of Margaret Thatcher's reign as British Prime minister, she received heavy opposition and mass riots were held when she tried to have poll tax used as the tax system. Her tax was called Community Charge. Council Tax took its place in 1993.‎

An earlier poll tax in England caused the Peasants' Revolt in 1381. 

Canadian dollar

The Canadian dollar is the national currency of Canada. It has been used since 1858. The Canadian dollar is also used in Saint Pierre and Miquelon along with the Euro.

Printer

A printer can be:


Bonn

Bonn () is a city near Cologne. It is in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.

Bonn was founded on an old Roman settlement. In 2021 about 327,000 people lived there.

Following World War II Bonn was in the British occupation zone. In 1949 Bonn was chosen as the capital of West Germany.

Bonn was the choice of Konrad Adenauer, a former Cologne Mayor and the first Chancellor of West Germany after World War II, who came from that area. Frankfurt am Main had most of the needed facilities already, so using Bonn meant spending about 95 Million DM to building new roads and building. However, Frankfurt am Main had been an important city during the war, and choosing Bonn was to symbolise a new start for the new Germany.

Because of its relatively small size for a capital city, Bonn was sometimes jokingly called the "Bundesdorf" (Federal Village).

Bonn was the capital of West Germany from 1949 until 1990. The Bundestag voted to move to Berlin on 20 June 1991, after a heated debate. The Federal President had already decided to make Schloß Bellevue in Berlin his main official residence. The extra building work needed meant it was 1999 before the government's move was completed.

Beethoven's birthplace is located at Bonngasse. Next to the market place is the Old Town Hall, built in 1737 in Rococo style, under the rule of Clemens August of Bavaria. It's used for receptions of guests of the town, and as a bureau for the mayor. Close by is the "Kurfürstliches Schloss", which was built as a residence of the prince-elector, and nowadays is the main building of the University of Bonn.

The "Poppelsdorfer Allee", an alley flanked by chestnut trees, connects the "Kurfürstliches Schloss" with the "Poppelsdorfer Schloss", a palace that was built as a resort to prince-electors in the first half of the 18th century. This axis is interrupted by a railway line and Bonn Central Station, a building erected in 1883/84.

The three highest buildings in the city are the radio mast of WDR in Bonn-Venusberg (180 m), the headquarters of the Deutsche Post called "Post Tower" (162.5 m) and the former building for the German members of parliament "Langer Eugen" (114.7 m) which nowadays is the new location of the UN-Campus.










CAF Champions League

The CAF Champions League is a football competition between the best club teams in Africa. The teams are selected because of good performances in matches.

Copa Libertadores

CONMEBOL Libertadores or Copa Libertadores (Libertadores Cup) is a football competition between the best club teams in South America. The teams are qualified based on how well they did in the national tournament. The last year winner has assured participation. The tournament is run by Confederación Sudamericana de Fútbol (CONMEBOL).
Copa Libertadores is played annually. It usually happens between the months of February and November (South American summer and spring). Its winner is qualified for the annual FIFA Club World Cup.

Libertadores starts in January with the worst classified team of each country playing for to be a part of the "Main Draw". In February, the Main Draw begins. It is made up of 8 groups with 4 clubs in each group. Each team plays 6 games. They play three home games and three away games. The top 2 clubs in every group advance to the next round. A total of 16 clubs play in the playoffs.

The better qualified clubs in the Main Draw take advantage of playing the second game of each round of the playoffs at home. Libertadores goes on with clubs playing home and away, round after round till the Finals.
Unlike European club competitions, the Copa Libertadores, in the past, did not use extra time or away goals to decide a tie. Starting with the 2005 event, CONMEBOL began to use the away goals rule, with the extra time used only in the final matches.

Longbow

A longbow is a type of bow. It may not have been as strong as a crossbow, but it could shoot more arrows per minute. Also, the basic equipment cost little, and could be easily mass produced. Metal-tipped arrows could go through armour. Only the strongest armor would stop it. Archers (longbowmen) would usually have a second weapon, often a battle-axe, if the fighting came close to them.

The longbow was mainly used in the Middle Ages until the 1500s. 

It was made from a single piece of hard wearing, flexible wood, often from a yew tree. Yew was cut during the winter when there was no sap. The flat side of the bow facing the target was flexible sapwood while the belly (facing the archer) was round and made of strong heartwood (from the center of a tree).

Groups of longbowmen would shoot at the same time. The arrows would come down like hail. This often scared the enemy.

Longbows have been found in Europe as far back as the Mesolithic period.

The Welsh were the first people to use longbows. In AD 633 Offrid, son of Edwin, king of Northumbria, was killed by an arrow shot from a Welsh longbow. This was during a battle between the Welsh and the Mercians — more than five centuries before any record of its use in England. Despite this, the weapon is more commonly known as the "English longbow" than the "Welsh longbow".

In the Middle Ages, the English and Welsh were famous for their very powerful Welsh longbows. They were used to great effect in the civil wars of the period and against the French in the Hundred Years' War (with notable success at the battles of Crécy (1346), Poitiers (1356) and Agincourt (1415).

The average length of arrowshafts recovered from the 1545 sinking of the Mary Rose is .

The bows were pretty easy and quick to craft, yet was quite lethal and could pierce through armor. 

A longbow has practical advantages compared to a modern recurve or compound bow; it is usually lighter, quicker to prepare for shooting, and shoots more quietly. However, other things being equal, the modern bow will shoot a faster arrow more accurately than the longbow.

Bowmen had to practice for many years before they could shoot a longbow well. Also, longbows are very strong. This made archers' bodies different from other people's bodies. The skeletons of medieval bowmen are different from other people's skeletons. The arm and shoulder bones are thick and a little bent. These bones supported the large muscles that grew on the archers' arms and backs as they practiced with the bow. On some archers, the right shoulder was higher than the left shoulder. This is because archers almost always shot on the same side. They did not switch hands.

African Union

The African Union (AU) is an supranational organization consisting of fifty-five African member countries. Founded in Durban on 9 July 2002, the AU was formed as a replacement to the Organization of African Unity (OAU) and the African Economic Community (AEC). 

The current Chairperson of the African Union is President of Mauritania Mohamed Ould Ghazouani since February 17, 2024.

The AU, in the future, aims to have a single currency and a single integrated defense force, as well as other institutions of state, including a cabinet for the AU Head of State. The purpose of the organization is to help secure the continent's democracy, human rights, and a sustainable economy, especially by bringing an end to conflict between African nations and creating an effective common market.



Bastille

The Bastille was a prison in Paris, France. It was destroyed during the French Revolution on 14 July 1789. It was attacked by rebels from the "third estate" (the people). This event is considered the beginning of the French Revolution. Today in France, the 14 July, "Fête Nationale", or Bastille Day, is a national holiday.

The Bastille was built during the Hundred Years' War. It was called the Bastion de Saint-Antoine. At first it was just the Saint-Antoine gate, but from 1370 to 1383, this gate was made bigger and became a fortress. It defended the east end of Paris and the Hôtel Saint-Pol royal palace. After the war, it was turned into a prison. Louis XIII(13) was the first king to send prisoners there.

The Bastille was built in a rectangle shape, 70 meters (220 ft) long and 30 meters (90 ft) wide. It had eight towers and walls 25 meters (80 ft) high, with a wide moat going around the outside. There were two courtyards inside and houses against the walls. Pairs of towers on the east and west sides had gates through which the rue Saint-Antoine passed. In the 1400s, these were blocked up, and a new city gate was built to the north on the present day rue de la Bastille. A bastion on the eastern side was built later. The walls and towers were of the same height and width and joined by a broad path. Soldiers on the wall could move quickly to any part of the fortress without having to climb down inside the towers. It also meant that there was enough room for placing artillery. A similar design can be seen today at Château de Tarascon.

As a prison, the Bastille held common criminals such as forgers and thieves, as well as people put in prison for religious reasons, such as the Huguenots. Some had been put in prison for printing or writing things against the government or the King. People of high rank were sometimes held there too. The prison, which could only hold about 50 prisoners, was not as bad most of the prisons in Paris. But secrecy about the prison and its prisoners gave it an evil reputation.

The people of Paris attacked the Bastille on 14 July 1789, following several days of protests. They wanted the gunpowder and weapons that were kept at the prison. They were not attacking the Bastille to free the seven prisoners inside. The prison was guarded by about 80 "invalides" (old soldiers) led by Governor Bernard-René de Launay. There was also an extra group of 32 grenadiers from one of the Swiss mercenary regiments brought to Paris by the King shortly before 14 July.
A crowd of around 8,000 men and women were outside the Bastille by mid-morning. They wanted the guards to give up the prison, remove the artillery guns, and give them the gunpowder and weapons. Two people chosen to represent those outside were invited into the fortress to talk with the Governor.

At about 1:00pm, the crowd broke into the undefended outer courtyard and the chains on the drawbridge to the inner courtyard were cut. There was some gunfire, but by mid-afternoon the crowd was supported by mutinous Gardes Françaises of the Royal Army and two cannons. De Launay ordered his guards to stop shooting and he gave up the fortress. The crowd swept into the Bastille at about 5.30pm.

The crowd took the weapons, gunpowder, and freed the seven prisoners. They had to break down the doors because the keys had already been taken and shown in the streets. Even though they had surrendered, the Governor and some of the guards of the Bastille were killed. Their heads were cut off, stuck onto long poles, and marched through the streets.

The propaganda value of the Bastille was quickly seen by Pierre-François Palloy, "Patriote Palloy". He got together a group of men to begin pulling down the fortress by the next day. People paid him to view the site and he sold off pieces as souvenirs. By November, 1789, the Bastille was largely pulled down. The cut stones of the fortress were used to build the Pont de la Concorde (Paris).

The site of the Bastille is now called the Place de la Bastille. It is home to the Opéra Bastille. The large moat behind the fort has been turned into a marina for boats, the Bassin de l'Arsenal. To the north, a covered canal, the Canal Saint Martin, goes under the road along the edge of the site.

The remains of one tower of the fort were found during digging for the Paris Métro (rail mass-transit system) in 1899. These were moved to a park, the Square Henri-Galli, a few hundred meters away. The outline of the fort is also marked on the streets and sidewalks with special paving stones. A cafe and some other businesses are now on the site of the fort, and the rue Saint Antoine passes directly over it as it opens onto the roundabout of the Bastille.

Today, the French celebrate the 14th July by



The Freecycle Network

The Freecycle Network (TFN) is a global network of people who share and regive items. They organise their network through the Internet. Freecycle is a place for people to meet. There are just two things people can do there.

The first thing is this: A person can ask the other people for an item. If someone has it, they can tell the person who wants it.

The second thing is this: A person can give away an item. Sometimes many people want the item, and the donator has to choose just one person.


Slashdot

Slashdot is a website where people can read news. Most people who go to Slashdot like computers. Other people go, too.

On the Slashdot website, people can comment on the news. Often this leads to interesting discussions with many points of view.

Slashdot has been a website for ten years. It has lots of things to talk about. Some of the things are: computers, the Internet, video games, and politics.

Many people like Slashdot because you can share ideas. People who like computers and the Internet can read the ideas to learn.

Anyone can go to Slashdot and read it and do not need to give money. People from every country go. It has many ideas which are never the same. 


Hooke's law

It is a law of mechanics and physics discovered by Robert Hooke. 

This theory of elasticity says the extension of a spring is proportional to the load applied to it. Many materials obey this law as long as the load does not exceed the material's elastic limit. Materials for which Hooke's law is useful are known as linear-elastic or "Hookean" materials. 

The length of a spring always changes by the same amount when it is pushed or pulled. The equation for this is:

When x = 0, the spring is at the equilibrium position. 
This equation only works on a linear spring. A linear spring is a spring that is only being pushed or pulled in one direction, such as left or right or up or down.

Examples of everyday objects that have elastic potential energy are stretched or compressed elastic bands, springs, bungee cords, car shock absorbers, etc. 

Elastic potential energy is the energy saved in an object that is stretched, compressed (compression is pressing objects together), twisted or bent. For example, an arrow gets the elastic potential energy from the bow. When it leaves the bow, the potential energy turns into kinetic energy. 
The equation of the elastic potential energy is:

Railfan

A railfan is a person who likes railways and trains. Railfans like to take pictures of trains. They also like to watch trains. Some railfans make models of railways. These are called model railways. 

Some railfans like to study the history of railways. Some railfans collect things having to do with trains. Railfans may carry a radio scanner when they are watching trains, so they can listen to the railway workers talk. Some railfans work for a railway, or have family members who worked for a railway. Most railfans like to ride trains.

There are many magazines for people who like trains. Railfans enjoy reading books and magazines about trains.

Time (magazine)

Time is an American news magazine. It was founded in 1923. It is printed every week in the United States. It is published by Time Inc. It has articles on politics and current events. It is read by more people than any other news magazine.

There is also a magazine called "Time For Kids", aimed at children. That magazine is eight pages long and contains more images and shorter articles than the regular "Time" magazine.

Cable television

Cable television is a way of letting people watch television without having to get signals from an antenna. The television signals are brought to the television through a coaxial cable or optical fiber, people usually have to pay to subscribe to get cable television. With cable television, people can watch many television channels carrying many television shows. Usually some of these are television stations and others are cable channels, made for the cable companies. 

Cable TV is provided by many carriers, usually a place is served by only one or two cable companies. Some of those carriers in the United States are: AT&T U-Verse, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Charter Communications and Verizon. Another method of subscription television is by Satellite television, especially in places where cable TV is not available.


Antenna

An antenna or aerial is a metal device made to send or receive radio waves. Many electronic devices like radio, television, radar, wireless LAN, cell phone, and GPS need antennas to do their job. Antennas work both in air and outer space.

The word 'antenna' is from Guglielmo Marconi's test with wireless equipment in 1895. For the test, he used a 2.5 meter long pole antenna with a tent pole called ' "l'antenna centrale" ' in Italian. So his antenna was simply called ' "l'antenna" '. After that, the word 'antenna' became popular among people and had the meaning it has today. The plural of antenna is either "antennas" or "antennae" (U.S. and Canada tends to use "antennas" more than other places).

Each one is made to work for a specific frequency range. The antenna's length or size usually depends on the wavelength (1/frequency) it uses.

Different kinds of antenna have different purposes. For example, the isotropic radiator is an imaginary antenna that sends signals equally in all directions. The dipole antenna is simply two wires with one end of each wire connected to the radio and the other end standing free in space. It sends or receives signals in all directions except where the wires are pointing. Some antennas are more directional. Horn is used where high gain is needed, the wavelength is short. Satellite television and radio telescopes mostly use dish antennas.

Jack London

John Griffith "Jack" London (born John Griffith Chaney, January 12, 1876 – November 22, 1916) was an American writer. He wrote many books. He lived in the U.S. state of California but also spent a lot of time in Hawaii and Alaska.

His most famous book was "The Call of the Wild". "The Call of the Wild" is about a dog named Buck who is taken to Alaska to work with a pack of dogs pulling a sled. This book took place during the Klondike Gold Rush. Many people bought "The Call of the Wild" and Jack London became a famous writer. He also wrote other books about dogs and wolves. Another one of his famous books is "White Fang".

Jack London was also a hobo at one time. He wrote a book about this called "The Road". Jack London had political beliefs. He was a socialist. One of his famous books is "The Iron Heel", which is the story of the government using force against the socialist movement.

He also spent some time at sea and making a living as an "oyster pirate". He wrote many books about sailing and boats. One of his best-known books about life at sea was "The Sea Wolf".

He married Charmian London born Kittredge (second wife). He was on the vanguard of animal welfare and attempted a model pig farm, and experimented with early ecological agriculture. He died in a state of depression.

3. Cf. Saiz, Peter Ralph, "Political Tyranny and the Master-Slave Paradigm in Selected Sea-Tales of Herman Melville and Jack London", PhD thesis Purdue University 2003. https://docs.lib.purdue.edu/dissertations/AAI3113867/ Cf. also, Huebert, David, "Species Panic: Interspecies Erotics in Post-1900 American literature", PhD thesis University of Western Ontario 2018. 4. Cf. http://santarosahistory.com/wordpress/2016/11/the-case-for-arson-at-wolf-house/. Cf.Fresneau-Woodward, Servanne, "Nature animale et paysages naturels dans l'oeuvre de Jack London" Doctorat, Université de Paris X https://www.theses.fr/1987PA100174

Jerk

Jerk is the change in the acceleration of an object. Mathematically, jerk is the derivative, or the rate of change of acceleration by time. Jerk is also called jolt (in British English), surge, or lurch. Jerk is a vector and there is no word for its scalar value. 

The jerk is measured in metres per second cubed (formula_1).

Yank can be thought as a force in terms of jerk. Force is mass times acceleration. Similarly, Yank is mass times jerk. It is also the derivative of the force. However, when an object is moving near the speed of light, a force is often written as the derivative of momentum. In this case, Yank is the rate of change of the derivative of momentum.

Jerk is used in engineering, particularly in making roller coasters. Weak objects such as people can be damaged by high acceleration or high jerk.
Also, jerk must be thought in the process of making any product. Sudden change in acceleration means very large jerk. Extent of exposure to jerk is often a good predictor of the rate of deterioration of tools while in normal use; it corresponds better to the appearance of metal fatigue among other modes of failure.

Electric current

An electric current is a flow of electric charge. The flow of electric current takes place by the movement of the electrons in a conductor. The equation of current is:

The SI unit of electric current is the ampere (A). This is equal to one coulomb of charge in one second. Electric current can be found in wires, batteries, and lightning.

In conducting materials, some electrons are very loosely bound to the atoms of the material. When large amounts of these atoms come together, there is a sort of electron cloud that "hovers" near the atoms of the material. If you examine a cross-section of the piece of conducting material, the electrons will move very quickly through it. This motion is caused by temperature, and electrons flowing in one direction tend to equal the electrons flowing from the other direction, so this is not what causes current to flow. Electrons flow from one atom to another, a process has been compared to the passing of water buckets from one person to another in a bucket brigade.

When an electric field is put on the wire, the electrons respond almost instantly by drifting slightly in the opposite direction of the field. They gain energy from the field, which is lost very quickly when they bump into other electrons in the material. As long as the field is in place, however, the electrons will gain back that energy that they lost, and the process will continue. This "jolt" that electrons receive from the electric field is the source of current, not the overall flow of electrons themselves. From this discussion, we can see two things that current is "not":


When current is flowing in a wire circuit, it accelerates when there is no resistance in the circuit. Resistors are used to increase resistance in the circuit so it slows down the current. The relationship between resistance, current, and voltage (another part of the circuit) is shown by Ohm's law.

Inbreeding

Inbreeding is a term in genetics, meaning the crossing (mating) of closely related animals or plants. Self-fertilisation in plants is the most extreme kind of inbreeding. It is quite widespread in plants which carry both male and female flowers on the same plant. Inbreeding is the opposite of outcrossing, which is the mating of unrelated members of the same species. The combination of inbreeding and outcrossing is a standard method of artificial selection.

Other terms are inbred strain, a group of organisms so inbred that they have little or no genetic variation, and inbreeding depression, which is the decreased fitness (usually lack of fertility and early illness and death) brought about by inbreeding.

Inbred strains, for example of mice or drosophila, are often used in biology as model organisms when genetic uniformity makes them useful in investigation of such things as drugs and cancer.

For human beings, inbreeding is destructive, and almost all cultures have an incest taboo. For example, many prohibit marriage between first cousins, and most prohibit it for closer family members.

Loss of genetic variation means that many gene loci that were heterozygous are now homozygous. The result of both genes at a locus being mutant can be serious. 

The most intense form of inbreeding is the self-fertilisation in an hermaphrodite, in which the proportion of heterozygotes is halved in each generation. Aa x Aa (100%) gives 1 AA: 2 Aa; 1 aa (50%), and so on. A similar effect takes twice as long with brother-sister mating, and longer still with mating in very small isolated groups. The latter situation is famous because Sewall Wright did his calculations for just such groups, and he called the process genetic drift. Genetic drift and inbreeding are closely related concepts.

The degree of inbreeding can be measured in various ways. A simple test for mammals is the exchange of skin grafts. If the grafts are not rejected, the animals must be nearly identical genetically. Skin grafts can be successfully exchanged between rats in standard laboratory strains, and between cheetahs caught in the wild.

Why is it that inbreeding brings about a loss of viability? There are two answers, and both seem to be true. The first is that a group with little genetic variation is vulnerable to environmental challenges: infections, sudden climate events, predators. Small groups are vulnerable to chance events in any case, but with no heritable variability they are even more vulnerable.

The second explanation is genetic. Some of the homozygous genes will be "deleterious recessives" which would normally be shielded by a dominant allele. Also, there are some loci where the heterozygote is inherently fitter than either homozygote. If so, inbreeding will automatically cause a loss of vigour.

Many plant species do self-pollination in the wild, but the great majority have occasional outcrossing. This provides them with sufficient variety for their survival.

Cambridge

Cambridge is a city in England. It is north of London. The city is famous for its university, the University of Cambridge, which is thought to be one of the best universities in the world. The university has a hospital (Addenbrooke's Hospital), laboratory (Cavendish Laboratory), chapel (King's College Chapel) and library (Cambridge University Library). There is also a Central Library in Cambridge, on the first floor of the Grand Arcade, St Andrew's Street.

There are 108,863 people living in Cambridge, of which 22,153 are students. There are lots of smaller towns and villages around Cambridge.

The city has lots of parks and is next to the river Cam - the city's name "Cambridge" means "bridge over the Cam."

Adventures of Huckleberry Finn

Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a book written by Mark Twain, published in 1884. It is a sequel to his earlier book, "Tom Sawyer". 

After "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", Huck was adopted by the widow Douglas who wants to “civilize” him and so he joined Tom’s band of robbers.

One day, Huck’s father Pap, a violent drunkard, appears in St. Petersburg. When a new judge arrives, Pap gains custody of his son and moves to a cabin on the other side of the river. Huck is kept locked but fakes his own death and hides on Jackson’s Island, a small island on the river. There he meets Miss Watson’s black slave Jim who ran away.

When they find a raft, they decide to go to a free state. After a storm, a house is floating down the river and they enter it and grab what they can. Inside, there is a dead man shot in the back and Jim prevents Huck from seeing the dead man’s face.

Huck dresses as a girl and returns to town because he wants to hear what’s going on in town. A woman tells that Jim is considered to be Huck’s murderer. Moreover, she is suspicious about Huck’s true sex and reveals that he is a boy. Huck returns to the island and together with Jim he flees downriver.

After some time on the river, they are separated by a passing steaming boat and Huck meets the Grangerfords, a rich family. He befriends with Buck Grangerford who is about his age. The Grangerfords are in a 30-year feud against the Shepherdsons, another rich family along the Mississippi. When a conflict breaks out, all Grangerford males are killed. Huck can escape and reunites with Jim. Together they float further downriver.

Later, they rescue two con men who join the boys on their journey. They pull several scams along the river. Once, they pretend to be a dead man’s brothers and escape after their true identities are revealed.

Later, the elder one sells Jim. Huck finds out that Jim is now owned by the Phelps. He decides to free him and pretends to be the Phelps’ nephew Tom Sawyer. When the real Tom arrives, he plays along.

Jim is held in a shed and Tom has a risky escape plan. As they carry out their plan, Tom is shot in the leg. While Huck gets help, Jim remains with Tom. When they return to the farm, Jim is recaptured while Tom is unconscious.

When Tom awakes, he reveals that Jim had been free for weeks after his owner died two months ago. He did not tell Huck because he wanted a risky plan to rescue Jim. Furthermore, Tom’s Aunt Polly arrives and reveals Huck’s and Tom’s real identities. Moreover, Jim tells that Pap was the dead man on the floating house. Finally, Huck decides to go West.

"Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" received often good reviews, but the novel was controversial from the beginning. When the American edition came out in 1885 some libraries banned it.
Today, many people feel that the book attacks racism and shows that it is bad. Others criticize the book because it shows things like slavery, and uses words like "nigger". They also think that, although Jim is not meant to be a bad character, he has some stereotypes of that time.


Snooker

Snooker is a cue sport played by two players. It is popular in the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth and parts of Asia. 

It is played on a large (12 by 6 feet) table that is covered with a smooth green cloth called baize and has holes (called pockets) in each of the four corners and in the middle of each of the long side cushions.
The players use long thin sticks called cues to strike a white ball (the cue ball). The cue ball must always be hit first when attempting a shot at the target ball. 

There are 22 coloured balls. One white ball, and 21 other balls to try to put in the pockets. There are 15 red balls (worth 1 point each) and a yellow (2 points), green (3 points), brown (4 points), blue (5 points), pink (6 points) and black ball (7 points).

Each target ball must be aimed or 'potted' into one of the pockets in order. A red ball first, and then any other colour then a red ball again. This happens until only the coloured balls are left. The colours then have to be potted in the following order: yellow, green, brown, blue, pink and black.

The player who scores more points wins the game or 'frame'. A match consists of an agreed number of frames.

Big events in snooker are the World Snooker Championship, UK Championship and the Masters. Professional players play on the World Snooker Tour.

The best-known snooker players are the seven-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan, seven-time world champion Stephen Hendry. Other former world champions are for example Joe Davis (fifteen wins), his brother Fred Davis, John Pulman (each eight wins) and six-time world champions Ray Reardon and Steve Davis.

Aaliyah

Aaliyah Dana Haughton (January 16, 1979 – August 25, 2001) was an American singer, actress, dancer, and model.

She was born in Brooklyn, New York, and raised in Detroit, Michigan. From her youth, she began to sing: she did singing competitions, castings and shows. Her career began in 1994 with the release of her first album "Age Ain't Nothing But A Number". She continued going to the High School of the Performing Arts after this.

In 1996, Aaliyah's second album, "One in a Million". Aaliyah always wanted to act and she got the leading role in "Romeo Must Die" (2000). Then she starred in "Queen of the Damned" in 2002.

In 2001, Aaliyah returned to music with her third eponymous album, she put a lot into it, as a singer and as an executive producer. She worked on it with her uncle. After completing her music video Rock the Boat, she was killed in a plane crash in the Bahamas on August 25, 2001 at age of 22. She was going to be in the movie "The Matrix Reloaded", but the filmmakers had to use another person after her death.

Aaliyah Dana Haughton was born in Brooklyn, New York. She was of African American descent, with Native American heritage from her grandmother. Her father was of Jamaican heritage. She was the second and younger child of Diane and Michael Haughton. Aaliyah was enrolled in voice lessons by her mother, and she would perform at weddings, church choir and charity events. When she was five years old, her family moved to Detroit, Michigan, where she was raised along with her older brother, Rashad. She attended a Catholic school, Gesu Elementary, where she received a part in the stage play named "Annie" in first grade. From then on, she was determined to become an entertainer.

Aaliyah's mother was a vocalist. Her uncle, Barry Hankerson, was an entertainment lawyer who had been married to Gladys Knight. As a child, Aaliyah traveled with Knight and worked with an agent in New York to audition for commercials and television programs, including "Family Matters"; she went on to appear on "Star Search" at the age of ten. She then auditioned for several record labels and appeared in concerts alongside Knight at age 11.

Aaliyah attended the Detroit High School for the Performing Arts, where she majored in drama and graduated in 1997. Aaliyah began her acting career that same year.

After Hankerson signed a distribution deal with Jive Records, he signed Aaliyah to his label named Blackground Records when Aaliyah was 12 years old. She released her debut album "Age Ain't Nothing but a Number" in 1994. Rumors circulated that she and her mentor R. Kelly were not only romantically involved, but had also married. Aaliyah admitted to a friendship with R. Kelly, which had developed while recording "Age Ain't Nothing but a Number". She said they would go out together and watch a movie or eat somewhere when they went on breaks from recording the album and said they were "rather close". She dismissed the rumors about her relationship with him as people taking it "the wrong way."
Jamie Foster Brown wrote about R. Kelly's recollection of the time he had spent working with Aaliyah, writing, "R. Kelly told me that he and Aaliyah got together and it was just magic." Brown reported hearing Aaliyah being a frequent guest at R. Kelly's home and walking his dog 12 Play. Along with this, he heard that she was pregnant. There were complaints about Aaliyah being in the studio recording with a bunch of older men. Aaliyah went on to admit that she had lied about her age in court documents and filed suit in Cook County to have the records erased since she was not old enough at the time (being fifteen when the marriage took place) to get married without having the go-ahead by her parents. Reports indicate that Aaliyah had a crush on R. Kelly at some point, but after the marriage was ended, she ceased professional and personal contact with him.

Jomo Hankerson later said that Aaliyah was treated bad over the marriage and that she had a hard time getting her second album to have a producer because of what had happened between her and R. Kelly. With the exception of Sean Combs, he said, there were not too many producers seeking to work with her because people were upset with her, which he did not understand given her age at the time. After the marriage ended, she stopped answering questions about R. Kelly and would often change the subject whenever it was brought up. This was noted by several organizations that did interviews with her. Aaliyah indicated that she would never again work with R. Kelly during an interview with Christopher John Farley, who went on to write a biography of the singer titled "Aaliyah: More Than a Woman". R. Kelly would go on to have more allegations about relationships with underage girls and the relationship with Aaliyah was brought up or mentioned most of the time as a starting point. He refused to discuss his relationship with her and explained his reason for doing this: ""Out of respect for her, and her mom and her dad, I will not discuss Aaliyah. That was a whole other situation, a whole other time, it was a whole other thing, and I'm sure that people also know that." According to her mother Diane Haughton, everything "that went wrong in her life" began with her relationship with R. Kelly. The allegations were dismissed as having little effect on her image or career.

In 1996, Aaliyah left Jive Records and signed with Atlantic Records. She worked with record producers Timbaland and Missy Elliott, who contributed to her second studio album, "One in a Million". She developed friendships with the pair. Timbaland was in love with her, but did not act out on it due to her being years younger than him. Instead he wanted to be a bigger brother figure for her, similar to her own brother Rashad Haughton. However, he struggled with keeping his feelings at bay. During her last days, the pair had an argument and it would be the last time they would speak to each other, as he next learned that she had passed.

She played as herself in the police drama television series "New York Undercover". During this time, Aaliyah participated in the Children's Benefit Concert, a charity concert that took place at the Beacon Theatre in New York.

Aaliyah's first major movie role was in "Romeo Must Die". Aaliyah starred opposite martial artist Jet Li, playing a couple who fall in love amid their warring families. It grossed US$18.6 million in its first weekend, ranking number two at the box office. Aaliyah was scared about bad reviews so she did not look for them. She heard good things about her role in the movie, but there were critics that did not like her role because of her relationship with Jet Li's character not having any realism along with the rest of the movie.

Before she died, she talked to the Isley Brothers about working together, having recorded one of their songs when she was younger during her tenure with Jive Records and was signed to appear in more movies. One of them was "Honey", which came out in 2003 "Some Kind of Blue", a romantic movie and "Sparkle", a movie produced by Whitney Houston that was the remake of the 1976 film of the same name. Houston said after Aaliyah passed that she wanted to be in the movie. Studio officials from Warner Brothers said she and her mother read the script and Aaliyah was passionate about appearing in the movie.

Aaliyah had a vocal range of a soprano. With the release of her first single "Back & Forth", Dimitri Ehrlich of "Entertainment Weekly" expressed that Aaliyah's "silky vocals are more agile than those of self-proclaimed queen of hip-hop soul Mary J. Blige." Aaliyah described her sound as "street but sweet", which featured her "gentle" vocals over a "hard" beat. Though Aaliyah did not write any of her own material, her lyrics were described as in-depth. She incorporated R&B, pop and hip hop into her music. Her songs were often uptempo and melancholy, revolving around "matters of the heart". Her songs have been said to have "crisp production" and "staccato arrangements" that "extend genre boundaries" while containing "old-school" soul music. When she experimented with other genres, such as Latin pop and heavy metal, critics did not like the attempt. As her albums progressed, writers felt that Aaliyah acted more older, calling her progress a "declaration of strength and independence". Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic described her eponymous album, "Aaliyah", as "a statement of maturity and a stunning artistic leap forward" and called it one of the strongest urban soul records of its time. She portrayed "unfamiliar sounds, styles and emotions", but managed to please critics with the contemporary sound it contained. Ernest Hardy of "Rolling Stone" felt that Aaliyah reflected a stronger technique, where she gave her best vocal performance. Others felt that she was "satisfying rather than extraordinary", stating that she added little to modern R&B.

On August 25, 2001, at 6:50 pm (EST), Aaliyah and various members of the record company boarded a twin-engine Cessna 402B (registration N8097W) at the Marsh Harbour Airport in Abaco Islands, The Bahamas, to travel to the Opa-locka Airport in Florida, after they completed filming the music video for the single "Rock the Boat". They had a flight scheduled the following day, August 26, but with filming finishing early, Aaliyah and her entourage were eager to return to the United States and made the decision to leave immediately. The designated airplane was smaller than the Cessna 404 in which they had originally flown. The whole party and all of the equipment were accommodated on board. As a result, when the aircraft attempted to depart, it was over its maximum takeoff weight by and was carrying one excess passenger, according to its certification. The plane crashed shortly after takeoff, about from the runway. Aaliyah and the eight others on board, pilot Luis Morales III, hair stylist Eric Forman, Anthony Dodd, security guard Scott Gallin, video producer Douglas Kratz, stylist Christopher Maldonado, and Blackground Records employees Keith Wallace and Gina Smith, were all killed.

According to findings from an inquest, conducted by the coroner's office in The Bahamas, Aaliyah suffered from "severe burns and a blow to the head", in addition to severe shock and a weak heart. The coroner theorized that, even if Aaliyah had survived the crash, her recovery would have been virtually impossible given the severity of her injuries. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) report stated that "the airplane was seen lifting off the runway, and then nose down, impacting in a marsh on the south side of the departure end of runway 27 and then exploding in flames." It indicated that the pilot was not approved to pilot the plane he was attempting to fly. Morales falsely obtained his Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) license by showing hundreds of hours never flown, and he may also have falsified how many hours he had flown in order to get a job with his employer, Blackhawk International Airways. Additionally, an autopsy performed on Morales revealed traces of cocaine and alcohol in his system. The NTSB reported that the maximum allowed gross weight of the plane was "substantially exceeded" and that the center of gravity was positioned beyond its rear limit. John Frank of the Cessna Pilots Association stated that the plane was "definitely overloaded".

The day of the crash was Morales' first official day with Blackhawk International Airways, an FAA Part 135 single-pilot operation. Morales was not registered with the FAA to fly for Blackhawk. As a result of the accident, Aaliyah's parents filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the company, which was settled out of court for an undisclosed amount. Barry & Sons, Inc., a corporation formed in 1992 to develop, promote and capitalize Aaliyah and to oversee the production and distribution of her records and music videos, brought an unsuccessful lawsuit in the New York Supreme Court against Instinct Productions LLC, the company that was hired in August 2001 to produce the music video for "Rock the Boat". The case was dismissed because of New York's wrongful death statute only permitting certain people to recover damages for wrongful death.

Aaliyah's funeral was held on August 31, 2001, at the Saint Ignatius Loyola Church in Manhattan. Her body was set in a silver casket, which was carried in a glass hearse and was drawn by horse. An estimated 800 mourners were in attendance of the procession. Among those in attendance at the private ceremony were Missy Elliott, Timbaland, Gladys Knight, Lil' Kim and Sean Combs. After the service, 22 white doves were released to symbolize each year of Aaliyah's life. She was interred in a crypt in a private room in the Rosewood Mausoleum at the Ferncliff Cemetery.

The week after Aaliyah's death, her third studio album, "Aaliyah", rose from number 19 to number one on the "Billboard" 200. "Rock the Boat" was released as a posthumous single. The music video premiered on BET's "Access Granted"; it became the most viewed and highest rated episode in the history of the show. The song peaked at number 14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number two on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It was also included on the "Now That's What I Call Music! 8" compilation series; a portion of the album's profits was donated to the Aaliyah Memorial Fund. The following two singles from "Aaliyah", "More than a Woman" and "I Care 4 U", peaked within the top 25 of the "Billboard" Hot 100. The album was certified double Platinum by the RIAA and sold 2.95 million copies in the United States. "More than a Woman" reached number one in the UK singles chart making Aaliyah the first deceased artist to reach number one in the UK single chart. "More than a Woman" was replaced by George Harrison's "My Sweet Lord" which is the only time in the UK singles chart history where a dead artist has replaced another dead artist at number one.

She won two posthumous awards at the American Music Awards of 2002; Favorite Female R&B Artist and Favorite R&B/Soul Album for "Aaliyah". Her second and final movie, "Queen of the Damned", was released in February 2002. Before its release, Aaliyah's brother, Rashad, re-dubbed some of her lines during post-production. It grossed US$15.2 million in its first weekend, ranking number one at the box office. On the first anniversary of Aaliyah's death, a candlelight vigil was held in Times Square, where millions of fans observed a moment of silence. Throughout the United States, radio stations played her music in remembrance. In December 2002, a collection of previously unreleased material was released as Aaliyah's first posthumous album, "I Care 4 U". A portion of the proceeds was donated to the Aaliyah Memorial Fund, a program that benefits the Revlon UCLA Women Cancer Research Program and Harlem's Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. It debuted at number three on the "Billboard" 200, selling 280,000 copies in its first week. The album's lead single, "Miss You", peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was at the top of the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. In August of the following year, clothing retailer Christian Dior donated profits from sales in honor of Aaliyah.

Aaliyah was signed to appear in several future movies, including "Honey" (recast to Jessica Alba). "Some Kind of Blue" and a Whitney Houston-produced remake of the 1976 movie "Sparkle" were canceled due to Aaliyah's death. Before her death, Aaliyah had filmed part of her role in "The Matrix Reloaded" and was scheduled to appear in "The Matrix Revolutions" as Zee. The role was later recast to Nona Gaye. Aaliyah's scenes were later included in the tribute section of the "Matrix Ultimate Collection" series.

In 2005, Aaliyah's second compilation album, "Ultimate Aaliyah" was released in the UK by Blackground Records. "Ultimate Aaliyah" is a three disc set, which included a greatest hits audio CD and a DVD. Andy Kellman of Allmusic remarked ""Ultimate Aaliyah" adequately represents the shortened career of a tremendous talent who benefited from some of the best songwriting and production work by Timbaland, Missy Elliott, and R. Kelly." A documentary movie "Aaliyah Live in Amsterdam" was released in 2011., shortly before the tenth anniversary of Aaliyah's death. The documentary, by Pogus Caesar, contained previously unseen footage shot of her career beginnings in 1995 when she was appearing in the Netherlands.

In 2012 music producer Jeffrey "J-Dub" Walker via twitter said "Just got great news today; the smash unreleased song called "Steady Ground" I produced on #Aaliyah is gonna be on her upcoming album". Walker co-wrote "I Refuse" and "What if" from Aaliyah's third self-titled album and produced the song "Steady Ground" for her 'One in a Million' album. This second proposed posthumous album would feature this song using demo vocals since Walker claims the originals were somehow lost by his sound engineer. However, Walker's original tweet announcing this event has since been removed, and Aaliyah's brother, via Twitter, has stated that "no official album [is] being released and supported by the Haughton family."



Simple Plan

Simple Plan is a rock band from Montréal, Canada that was founded in 1999.

Simple Plan's influences include Fastball, Green Day, Cheap Trick, Pennywise, Weezer, The Mr. T Experience, MxPx, Blink-182, Elvis Costello, Rancid, Jawbreaker, Everclear and The Cars.


When they were 13, schoolmates Pierre Bouvier and Chuck Comeau founded the band "Reset". They published their first album in 1997. Soon after that, Comeau left the band because school was more important to him. He came back in 1999 and founded "Simple Plan" with Sebastien Lefebvre and Jeff Stinco. Bouvier met up with Comeau at a Sugar Ray concert, and Comeau offered Bouvier to join his band. David Desrosiers, who had replaced Bouvier in Reset, joined the band in 2000. in 2002, they published the album "No Pads, No Helmets... Just Balls". They worked together with Joel Madden (Good Charlotte) and Mark Hoppus (Blink-182). One year later, the album "Still Not Getting Any..." was published.





Serj Tankian

Serj Tankian (born on August 21, 1967 in Beirut, Lebanon) is an Armenian-American musician who lives in Auckland, New Zealand. He was the lead vocalist of System of a Down. He is now a solo artist and has released five solo albums.

Tankian was born in Beirut, Lebanon. Tankian moved with his parents to Los Angeles, California when he was five years old.







Axl Rose

Axl Rose (born February 6, 1962) is an American hard rock singer and songwriter. He was born William Bruce Bailey in Lafayette, Indiana, and grew up under the name William 'Bill' Bailey. He is best known as the lead singer for the rock band Guns N' Roses.

Rose started dating Erin Everly in early 1986. He wrote "Sweet Child o' Mine" for her and she was in the song's video.

He married Everly on April 28, 1990 in Las Vegas. Everly later said that Rose came to her house the day before their wedding with a gun and told her he would kill himself if she didn't marry him.

In 2012 it was rumored that he was dating Lana Del Rey.


Gravitational energy

Gravitational energy is the potential energy held by an object because of its high position compared to a lower position. In other words, it is energy associated with gravity or gravitational force. For example, a pen being held above a table has a higher gravitational potential than a pen sitting on the table. Gravitational potential energy is mechanical energy minus kinetic energy. It has a scalar quantity measured in Joules (J). 

An object gets gravitational potential energy when it moves uphill. The energy used up when moving up the hill is changed into gravitational potential energy. When the object comes back down again, the gravitational potential energy is turned back into kinetic energy (movement). That is why riding a bike up a steep hill is very hard, but when you are coming back down, you will not need to pedal at all - you are being powered by the gravitational potential energy that you stored when you rode up the hill. Another way gravitational potential energy helps us is by keeping earth and the other planets in orbit in our solar system around the Sun.

The mathematical formula for the gravitational potential energy:

Gravitational potential energy = formula_1 

Where:

Most scientists and students use these measurement unit:


For example, an object with a mass of 1.5 kilograms that is 2.5 metres above the ground would have a gravitational potential energy value of:

formula_2 joules.

Shining Rock Wilderness

The Shining Rock Wilderness is a protected area in the U.S. state of North Carolina. Its first have been part of the National Wilderness Preservation System since the System was created in 1964. It now includes , and is managed by the United States Forest Service.

Within the wilderness, the Art Loeb trail can be followed to the top of Cold Mountain. Cold Mountain is the namesake of a historical fiction novel set in the time of the American Civil War. A movie based on the book is also named "Cold Mountain".


Radioactive decay

Radioactive decay happens to some chemical elements. Most chemical elements are stable. Stable elements are made up of atoms that stay the same. Even in a chemical reaction, the atoms themselves do not ever change.

In the 19th century, Henri Becquerel discovered that some chemical elements have atoms that change over time. In 1898, Marie and Pierre Curie called this phenomenon radioactive decay. Becquerel and the Curies were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for this discovery, in 1903.

Most carbon atoms have six protons and six neutrons in their nucleus. This carbon is called carbon-12s (six protons + six neutrons = 12). Its atomic weight is 12. If a carbon atom has two more neutrons it is carbon-14. Carbon-14 acts chemically like other carbon, because the six protons and six electrons are what govern its chemical properties. In fact, carbon-14 exists in all living things; all plants and animals contain carbon-14. However, carbon-14 is radioactive. It decays by beta decay to become nitrogen-14. Carbon-14, in the small amounts found about us in nature, is harmless. In archeology, this kind of carbon is used to determine the age of wood and other formerly living things. The method is called radiocarbon dating.

Ernest Rutherford found that there are different ways in which these particles penetrate matter. He found two different kinds, which he called alpha decay and beta decay. Paul Villard discovered a third kind in 1900. Rutherford called it "gamma decay", in 1903.

The change from radioactive carbon-14 to stable nitrogen-14 is a radioactive decay. It happens when the atom emits a beta particle. A beta particle is a high energy electron or positron leaving the nucleus.

Other kinds of decay were discovered later. The types of decay are different from each other because different types of decay produce different kinds of particles. The starting radioactive nucleus is called the parent nucleus and the nucleus that it changes into is called the daughter nucleus. The high-energy particles produced by radioactive materials are called radiation.

These various kinds of decay can happen sequentially in a "decay chain". One kind of nucleus decays to another kind, which decays again to another and so on until it becomes a stable isotope and the chain comes to an end.

The speed at which this change happens, is different for each element. Radioactive decay is governed by chance: The time it takes, on average for half the atoms of a substance to change is named the half-life. The rate is given by an exponential function. As an example, iodine (I) has a half-life of about 8 days. That of plutonium ranges between 4 hours (Pu) and 80 million years (Pu)

Radioactive decay changes an atom from one that has higher energy inside its nucleus into one with lower energy. The change of energy of the nucleus is given to the particles that are created. The energy released by radioactive decay may either be carried away by a gamma ray electromagnetic radiation (a type of light), a beta particle or an alpha particle. In all those cases, the change of energy of the nucleus is carried away. And in all those cases, the total number of positive and negative charges of the atom's protons and electrons sum to zero before and after the change.

During alpha decay, the atomic nucleus releases an alpha particle. Alpha decay causes the nucleus to lose two protons and two neutrons. Alpha decay causes the atom to change into another element, because the atom loses two protons (and two neutrons). For example, if Americium were to go through alpha decay it would change into Neptunium because Neptunium is defined by having two protons fewer than Americium. Alpha decay usually happens in the most heavy elements, such as uranium, thorium, plutonium, and radium.

Alpha particles cannot even go through a few centimeters of air. Alpha radiation cannot hurt humans when the alpha radiation source is outside the human body, because human skin does not let the alpha particles go through. Alpha radiation can be very harmful if the source is inside the body, such as when people breathe dust or gas containing materials which decay by emitting alpha particles (radiation).

There are two kinds of beta decay, beta-plus and beta-minus.

In beta-minus decay, the nucleus gives out a negatively charged electron and a neutron changes into a proton:

Beta-minus decay happens in nuclear reactors.

In beta-plus decay, the nucleus releases a positron, which is like an electron but it is positively charged, and a proton changes into a neutron:

Beta-plus decay happens inside the sun and in some types of particle accelerators.

Gamma decay happens when a nucleus produces a high-energy packet of energy called a gamma ray. Gamma rays do not have electrical charge, but they do have angular momentum. Gamma rays are usually emitted from nuclei just after other types of decay. Gamma rays can be used to see through material, to kill bacteria in food, to find some types of disease, and to treat some kinds of cancer. Gamma rays have the highest energy of any electromagnetic wave, and gamma ray bursts from space are the most energetic releases of energy known.


Nicotine

Nicotine is a drug in tobacco cigarettes, cigars, pipe tobacco, chewing tobacco, vaping liquids and some e-cigarettes. Nicotine is an addictive stimulant that causes the heart to beat faster and makes blood pressure rise. It can also make a person feel less hungry and speeds up the metabolism. These effects can be very unhealthy. Many people who use tobacco products want to quit but have a hard time quitting. It is one of the most addictive chemicals that is widely consumed by humans. It can be as addictive as heroin or cocaine.

Nicotine is a substance found in most members of the nightshade family of plants. Small quantities of it can be found in tomatoes, potatoes, aubergines (eggplants) and green pepper ("Capsicum", the peppers used as vegetables). Nicotine is also in the Coca plant. In higher quantities it is a very efficient poison. It acts on the nerves. It is a stimulant in lower quantities. It is the main reason people are addicted to smoking.

Nicotine is named after Jean Nicot. Nicot was a French ambassador in Portugal. In 1560 he sent tobacco seeds to Paris for analysis (as a drug).

Besides the treatment of nicotine dependency, it seems that the drug can also be used to treat special (severe) forms of epilepsy, as well as some other diseases.

The amount of nicotine in one cigarette varies greatly. Factors which influence the amount include type of tobacco; brand of cigarette; and country or region (some markets restrict maximum average nicotine levels). Different ways of smoking a cigarette influence how much nicotine gets into the smoker.
Tobacco products and electronic cigarettes, the most popular form of nicotine worldwide, have become a public health concern. Leading to an increase in countries' governments' and public health organizations' efforts to regulate its use and sales. With 30 countries currently having banned the purchase of any form of these products. Since 2022 legislation against e-cigarettes is on the rise as more studies are released. A large contributor to this was the World Health Organization's concerns raised about how secondhand smoke affects children in the home. Highlighting the potential risks of exposure to nicotine, which is known to cause issues in brain development and lead to anxiety disorders, among other health problems. While e-cigarettes have been marketed as a safer alternative to traditional cigarettes, there is still much debate about the potential risks and benefits of these products. As nicotine percentages are higher on average in many forms of e-cigarettes compared to traditional tobacco products.

Addiction

Addiction is when the body or mind badly wants or needs something in order to work right. When you have an addiction to something it is called being "addicted" or being an "addict". People can be addicted to drugs, cigarettes, alcohol, caffeine, and many other things. 

When somebody is addicted to something, they can become sick if they do not get the thing they are addicted to. But taking more of the thing they are addicted to can also hurt their health. Some people who are addicts need to go to a doctor or hospital to cure the addiction, so they no longer crave (want or need) the drug.

Addiction takes place when the addictive element enters the body. The blood stream moves the element around the body so that it gets to the brain, and makes the person feel that they are enjoying it; then they want more of that substance. This takes place remarkably fast for some addictions such as hashish and cocaine; but all of them control the consumer. Once under this control, the consumer does not have complete free will, and listens to the addiction's bidding.

People can also be addicted to other things which are not drugs. You may hear people talk about being "addicted to the Internet" or "addicted to chocolate" or gambling. This means that they get into a habit of enjoying that thing, so if they have to go without it for a while, they miss it a lot. 

Addiction is similar to a major disease like chronic heart disease or perhaps diabetes, but addictions are not taken as seriously as these major diseases. Most people believe addiction to be a lifestyle choice, which it is but it is also part of a person's genetics. While some people can do things and control themselves others cannot due to their genetic makeup. There are ways of helping the addict but this takes the admission of a problem and then proper testing to reveal what kind of treatment is needed.

The American Society of Addiction Medicine (ASAM) defines addiction as a treatable, chronic medical disease involving complex interactions among brain circuits, genetics, the environment, and an individual's life experiences. People with addiction use substances or engage in compulsive behaviors and often continue despite harmful consequences. Prevention efforts and treatment approaches for addiction are generally as successful as those for other chronic diseases.



Secession

Secession (independence) usually means when part of one country declares its independence and breaks away or leaves that country to start a new country.

Constitutions of countries may include articles that either legally forbid or allow secession of part of the country. Most national constitutions, which have articles about secession, forbid it, but a few constitutions, such as the constitutions of the former Soviet Union, the former Yugoslavia, and Ethiopia allow the secession of their republics.

A secession attempt might be violent or peaceful.

Violent examples include the secession of the 11 southern states, which formed the Confederate States, from the United States and led to the failed American Civil War, and the Bangladesh Liberation War of East Pakistan (Bangladesh), which succeeded against West Pakistan.

Peaceful examples include the secession of the Soviet republics from the Soviet Union, which led to the dissolution of the Soviet Union.

Threats of secession can be a strategy for achieving more limited goals such autonomy or more devolved powers from the national government of the country. 

Examples of giving more delvolved powers to prevent their secession include Quebec, Scotland and Flanders.

New England

New England is a region in the Northeastern United States consisting of six states: Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island. The name was coined in 1616 by the English explorer John Smith. 

Rockville, Virginia

Rockville is a small town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is in Hanover County near Richmond, Virginia. Rockville is mainly a farming town. It got its name from nearby rock quarries.

Intelligence quotient

An intelligence quotient (acronym: IQ) is a number. This number is the score (result) of a standard test to measure intelligence. There are several different tests designed to measure the intelligence of a person. Measuring intelligence in any way is an idea developed by British scientist Francis Galton in the book "Hereditary genius" published in the late 19th century.

IQ is a comparative measure: it tells one how much above or below the average a person is. The idea of the test was developed at the start of the 20th century. The tests try to avoid specific knowledge, and try to ask questions which, in principle, anyone might be able to answer.

One modern IQ test is the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale. It says where the subject's score is on the Gaussian bell. The bell curve used has a center value of 100 and a standard deviation of 15; other tests may have different standard deviations.

IQ scores can tell some things about a person, as well as intelligence. This is because intelligence is linked to other aspects of life. "All the cognitive tests completed in 1983 predicted onset of dementia and Alzheimer’s disease up to 11 years later". They can predict the social status of the parents, and the parents' IQ.

There is still disagreement about to what extent IQ is inherited. People still disagree about how much of a person's IQ comes from his parents and how much depends on his environment (what his home is like).

IQ scores are used in various ways:

The average IQ scores for many populations have been rising about three points per decade since the early 20th century. Most of the increase is in the lower half of the IQ range. This is called the Flynn effect. People who study it disagree whether these changes in scores are really happening, or it they mean that there were mistakes in how people were tested in the past.

There are associations of people who have scored high on IQ tests, such as Mensa International.

There are many different kinds of intelligence tests that use many methods. Some kinds of tests are

The different tests are strongly correlated with each other. Psychologist Charles Spearman in 1904 first studied how the scores from different kinds of intelligence tests are related to each other. He did factor analysis of correlations between the tests, and found a single common factor explained the positive correlations among tests.

Spearman found that if a person got a high (or low) score on one kind of test, he probably (but not always) would get a similar score on the other kinds of tests. Because of this, he said that a person's intelligence could be described with one number. He called this number "g" (for general factor). Tests that use abstract reasoning are usually the best to tell what the scores on the other kinds of tests probably will be. Because of that, Spearman thought that a person's abstract reasoning ability (how good he was at solving puzzles or problems) was what other kinds of intelligence are based on.

Therefore, the number "g" is what an IQ test is supposed to measure. One of the most commonly used measures of "g" is Raven's Progressive Matrices, which is a test of visual reasoning.

During World War I, the military needed a way to test recruits and decide what kind of job they could do best. They used IQ tests.

The testing generated controversy and much public debate. Nonverbal or "performance" tests were developed for those who could not speak English or were suspected of malingering. After the war, positive publicity on army psychological testing helped to make psychology a respected field. Afterwards, there was an increase in jobs and funding in psychology in the United States. Group intelligence tests were developed and became widely used in schools and industry.

There are a number of problems with intelligence quotients. They relate to different fields of the subject. The problems can be grouped:

Alfred Binet, a French psychologist (who designed one of the first tests in 1905) had this opinion. He used the test to see which pupils would need special help with the school curriculum because of intellectual disability. He believed that the test scales were not able to measure intelligence:
He argued that with good education programs, most students could catch up and perform quite well in school. This was independent of the background of the pupil. He did not believe that intelligence was a measurable fixed entity.

Some dispute psychometrics entirely. Paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould argued that intelligence tests were based on faulty assumptions and showed their history of being used as the basis for scientific racism. In his opinion, the general intelligence factor "g" (which these tests measure), is simply a mathematical artifact.
However, as explained above, IQ tests were highly successful in assessing recruits during wartime. Therefore, "it must be true that they are measuring a relevant mental capability". Therefore, IQs are not simply a mathematical fiction: they relate to the ability of individuals to perform certain functions. Even if experts do not agree on a definition of intelligence, that does not disprove the usefulness (or otherwise) of the tests. In every day life people do notice the relative intelligence of others. The issue is central to human nature and evolutionary psychology, because humans evolved the characteristics which helped them survive and reproduce.

The American Psychological Association's report "Intelligence: knowns and unknowns" states that IQ tests as predictors of social achievement are not biased against people of African descent. They predict future performance, such as school achievement, similarly to the way they predict future performance for European descent.

However, IQ tests may well be biased when used in other situations. A 2005 study stated that "differential validity in prediction suggests that the WAIS-R test may contain cultural influences that reduce the validity of the WAIS-R as a measure of cognitive ability for Mexican American students", indicating a weaker positive correlation relative to sampled white students. Other recent studies have questioned the culture-fairness of IQ tests when used in South Africa. Standard intelligence tests, such as the Stanford-Binet test, are often inappropriate for children with autism and dyslexia; the alternative of using developmental or adaptive skills measures are relatively poor measures of intelligence in autistic children, and have resulted in incorrect claims that a majority of children with autism are intellectually impaired.

Claimed low intelligence has historically been used to justify the feudal system and unequal treatment of women. In contrast, others claim that the refusal of "high-IQ elites" to take IQ seriously as a cause of inequality is itself immoral.

The American Psychological Association's Board of Scientific Affairs established a task force in 1995 to write a consensus statement on the state of intelligence research which could be used by all sides as a basis for discussion. The full text of the report is available through several websites.

In this paper the representatives of the association regret that IQ-related works are frequently written with a view to their political consequences: "research findings were often assessed not so much on their merits or their scientific standing as on their supposed political implications".

The task force concluded that IQ scores do have high predictive validity for individual differences in school achievement. They confirm the predictive validity of IQ for adult occupational status, even when variables such as education and family background have been statistically controlled. They found that individual differences in intelligence are substantially influenced by genetics. Both genes and environment, in complex interplay, are essential to the development of intellectual competence.

They state there is little evidence to show that childhood diet influences intelligence except in cases of severe malnutrition. The task force agrees that large differences do exist between the average IQ scores of blacks and whites, and that these differences cannot be attributed to biases in test construction. The task force suggests that explanations based on social status and cultural differences are possible, and that environmental factors have raised mean test scores in many populations.

The APA journal that published the statement, "American Psychologist," later published responses in January 1997. Several of these argued that the report failed to examine adequately the evidence for partly-genetic explanations.

Dead Calm

Dead Calm is an American novel that was written in 1963. A 1989 Australian movie was made from it. The movie stars Sam Neill, Nicole Kidman, and Billy Zane.

In it, a honeymoon couple rescue a young man from a sinking boat who claims to have lost his companions to food poisoning, but the real story is much less innocent.

In this movie, Kidman and Neill plays good guys and Zane plays a bad guy. This movie was Kidman's first well-known movie, and it helped make her famous. In this movie, Zane's character rapes Kidman's character.

Event Horizon

Event Horizon is a 1997 Anglo-American science fiction horror movie.
It was directed by Paul W. S. Anderson. It stars Laurence Fishburne, Sam Neill, Kathleen Quinlan and Joely Richardson.

This movie is set in 2047. A spaceship is stuck near Neptune. Sam Neill's character (Dr. William Weir) is very sad because his wife has died. When they go to the space ship, they find that everyone has killed themselves. It all looks very scary. Then they find out that the ship has been to another dimension. It is like hell and everyone sees their worst nightmares.

Sam Neill sees his wife in his dream. She tells him to pull his eyes out. Neill then walks around without any eyes and starts to kill people. They send him out to space, but he does not die. People get very scared. Even after they kill Neill, they still see him.

Melting point

The melting point of a substance is the temperature at which this substance goes from the solid state to the liquid one, at a normal pressure. For water, this is 0° Celsius (32 Fahrenheit, 273,15 Kelvin). The chemical element with the highest melting point is tungsten. Some chemical compounds have a higher melting point. 

When looking at when a liquid substance becomes solid, most people call this the freezing point. For most substances, like water, this is the same as the melting point. There are substances, where this is not the case (they melt at one temperature, and freeze at another). Agar seems to melt at 85° Celsius, but freeze at between 35°C and 40°C. This phenomenon is a kind of hysteresis. 

Adding certain substances or impurities will change the melting point of the resulting mixture. For example, sugar or salt will lower the melting point, and alcohol will raise it. 

Michael Hayden

Michael Hayden (born March 17, 1945) is an American politician, writer and military personnel. He was the head of the CIA from 2006 to 2009. On 24 May 2006, he was voted as the new head of the CIA by the United States Senate. He was the director of the NSA from 1999 to 2005. The NSA and CIA are both spy agencies. He has worked as a spy since 1970.

On November 23, 2018, Hayden was hospitalized after suffering a stroke.


Lutherstadt Wittenberg

Wittenberg ( , ; Low Saxon: "Wittenbarg"; meaning "White Mountain"; officially Lutherstadt Wittenberg (traditional English: "Luther City Wittenberg", Low Saxon: "Lutherstadt Wittenbarg")) is a town in Germany. It lies in the eastern part of Saxony-Anhalt. Wittenberg became one of the most important German towns of political, cultural, historical, and artistic advances in the 16th century. The famous reformation places in the old town, and the buildings developed in different epochs, make up the architecture of the town.
Many people travel to Wittenberg because of its past, and its connection to Martin Luther who worked there.

Wittenberg has about 46,000 inhabitants. Its geographical coordinates are 51° 52’ N, 12° 39’ E.

Cyberstalking

Cyberstalking is the use of the Internet or other electronic means to stalk or harass an individual, group or organization. It may include false accusations, defamation, slander and libel. It may also include monitoring, identity theft, threats, vandalism, solicitation for sex, doxing or blackmail.

Stalking is following someone around in a way that makes them feel hunted or not safe in some other way. It is not just one event but an ongoing process that threatens or makes that person feel scared. Someone who does this is called a stalker. The stalker may do this because they want to be involved in that person's life or because they want to have power over that person's life. The stalker can hurt that person's feelings by making them scared. They may feel they do not have the power to stop the stalker. Psychologists say stalking is a way of hurting someone's mind with serious effects. Sometimes a stalker may go on to hurt that person's body by assaulting, raping or murdering that person.

Cyberstalking is when the stalker uses the Internet to contact or follow that person. The stalker may make direct contact with that person, they may send nasty messages to that person or spread lies about them to others. Sometimes stalkers use the Internet to learn more about the other person. They might find their address, phone number, workplace or photograph. Then they might use this information to do more stalking or find other ways to hurt that person on the Internet or hurt their body.

The person who is stalked on the Internet may feel they have more power if they can simply delete emails or turn their computer connection off. Or they may feel they have less power if they do not know who the stalker is.

Current

Current could mean:


Voltage

Voltage is what makes electric charges move. It is the 'push' that causes charges to move in a wire or other electrical conductor. It can be thought of as the force that pushes the charges, but it is not a force. Voltage can cause charges to move, and since moving charges is a current, voltage can cause a current.

Electric Potential Difference is the true scientific term but is commonly called Voltage. Informally, voltage or electric potential difference is sometimes called "Potential Difference". Voltage is also called, in certain circumstances, electromotive force (EMF).
Voltage is an electrical potential difference, the difference in electric potential between two places. The unit for electrical potential difference, or voltage, is the volt. The volt is named in memory of Alessandro Volta. One volt equals one joule per coulomb. The symbol for the unit volt is written with an uppercase V as in (9V). According to the rules of the International System of Units, the symbol for a unit with a name derived from the proper name of a person is uppercase.

Please note that the volt and voltage are two different things. The volt is a unit by which we measure something. Both electric potential and voltage are things we measure and the volt is the unit of measure for both. The symbol for the unit volt is written with a V (9 volts or 9 V). When voltage is used in a formula, it can be typeset in italics, e.g., formula_1, or written in cursive. If there is only a single letter symbol to go by, a lowercase v may be used, e.g., formula_2 or formula_3. Electrical engineers use the symbol formula_4 for voltage, e.g., formula_5, to make the difference between voltage and volts very clear.

Technically, the voltage is the difference in electric potential between two points and is always measured between two points. e.g. between the positive and negative ends of a battery, between a wire and the ground, or between a wire or a point of a circuit and a point in another part of the circuit. In everyday use with household electricity in the U.S. the voltage is most often 120V. This voltage is measured from the electric wire to the ground.

Note that there must be both voltage "and" current to transfer power (energy). For example, a wire can have a high voltage on it, but unless it is connected, nothing will happen. Birds can land on high voltage lines such as 12kV and 16kV without dying, because the current does not flow through the bird.

There are two types of voltage, DC voltage and AC voltage. The DC voltage (direct current voltage) always has the same polarity (positive or negative), such as in a battery. The AC voltage (alternating current voltage) alternates between positive and negative. For example, the voltage from the wall socket changes polarity 60 times per second (in America) or 50 times per second (UK and Europe). The DC is typically used for electronics and the AC for motors.

Voltage is the change in Electric Potential between two places <br>
or the change in Electric Potential Energy per coulomb between two places.
Where "V"=Voltage, EPE=Electric Potential Energy, "q"=charge, ∆=difference in.

Voltage is always measured between two points, and one of them is often called the "ground", or the zero volt (0V) point. In most AC electrical installations there is a connection to the earth. A connection is made to the real ground through a water pipe, a ground rod buried or driven into the earth, or a convenient metallic conductor (not a gas pipe) buried underground. This connection is made at the point of entry of the electric system into a building, at every pole where there is a transformer at the street (often on an electric pole), and other places in the system. The whole planet Earth is used as a reference point for measuring voltage. In a building this ground is carried to each electrical device on two wires. One is the 'grounding conductor' (the green or bare wire) and is used as a safety ground to connect metal parts of equipment to the earth. The other is used as one of the electric conductors in the circuits of the system and is called the 'neutral conductor'. This wire which is at the ground potential completes all the circuits by carrying the current from any electric equipment back to the systems entry point into the buildings and then to the transformer usually at the street. In many places outside the buildings it becomes unnecessary to have a wire to complete the circuits and carry the current from the buildings to the generators. The return path that carries all the current back is the earth itself.

In DC circuits, the negative end of a generator or battery is often called the "ground" or zero volt (0V) point, even though there may or may not be a connection to the earth. There can be several grounds on the same printed circuit board (PCB), for example with sensitive analog circuits, that part of the circuit can use an "analog ground", and the digital part, have a " digital ground". 

In electrical equipment the 0 volt point can be the metal chassis called a chassis ground or a connection to the actual ground called an earth ground, each with their own symbol used in electrical schematic drawings (circuit drawings).

Some of the tools for measuring the voltage are the voltmeter and the oscilloscope.

The voltmeter measures the voltage between two points and can be set to the DC mode or the AC mode. The voltmeter can measure the DC voltage of a battery for example (typically 1.5V or 9V), or the AC voltage from the power socket on the wall (typically 120V).

For more complex signals, an oscilloscope can be used the measured the DC and/or AC voltage, for example to measure the voltage across a speaker.

The voltage, or potential difference from point a to point b is the amount of energy in joules (as a result of electric field) required to move 1 coulomb of positive charge from point a to point b. A negative voltage between points a and b is one in which 1 coulomb of energy is required to move a negative charge from point a to b. If there is a uniform electric field about a charged object, negatively charged objects will be pulled towards higher voltages, and positively charged objects will be pulled towards lower voltages. The potential difference/Voltage between two points is independent of the path taken to get from point a to b. Thus, the voltage from a to b + the voltage from b to c will always equal the voltage from a to c.

Stopwatch

A stopwatch is a tool used to measure the amount of time something takes. For example, to learn how soon a car can reach 60 miles per hour, or how much time it takes a runner to run 40 yards. These days, stopwatches are even installed in digital watches. You press a button to start the time and press it again to stop the time. A stopwatch can tell you the time in seconds, hundredths of a second, or thousandths of a second.

Departments of France

The départements (or departments) are administrative parts of France and many French colonies, similar to English counties. "Départements" are a kind of local government.

The 101 French "départements" are now grouped into 13 metropolitan and five overseas régions. Their capitals are called préfectures.

Macrosociology

Macro-sociology is a way of looking at the world of people in a broad way. It is "concerned with human societies". Macrosociology is considered one of the main foundations of sociology (contrast with micro-sociology).

In sociology there are different levels of analysis. Macro-sociology is the analysis of either large collectivities (the city, the church) or, more abstractly, of social systems and social structures. (Dictionary of Sociology, 2000)

With the perspective of macro-sociology, it is possible to better understand societies, culture, groups and organizations.

Important representatives of macro-sociological theories are:

Banja Luka Region

Banja Luka is one of seven regions in Republika Srpska. In the center of this region is the city of Banja Luka. There are about 709,000 people in Banja Luka Region.

Doboj Region

Doboj Region is one of seven regions in Republika Srpska. In the center of this region is town of Doboj. Doboj Region is located in the north of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Bijeljina Region

Bijeljina Region is one of seven regions in the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The capital city of this region is Bijeljina.

Bijeljina Region is located in the northeast of the country.

Flag of Poland

The flag of Poland is a rectangular, divided into two stripes: white above red. It was created in its modern form in 1921. The colors white and red were earlier declared the official national colors in 1831 by the Polish Parliament in 1831.

For many centuries the Polish flag was a white eagle on a red background.

The ratio of height to width is 5 to 8. The two horizontal stripes are of equal height.

There is a second version which has a coat of arms in the upper (white) half. The use of this flag is legally restricted.

If the flag is shown hanging vertically, the white should be on the left.

Polish flag day is May 2.

The exact color of the white was not clearly stated until 1980.<br><br><br>

The exact color of the red was not clearly stated originally, and has changed through the years. In 1919 the official act did not clearly define the red. In 1921 the Polish Ministry of Military Affairs used crimson as the shade of red in publications. In 1928 the president of Poland said the red should be vermilion. That was used until 1980, when people needed to specify the red more scientifically.

The same flag design is used in the German region Thuringia and the Spanish region Cantabria.

Both Indonesia and Monaco have flags that are the same colors, but upside-down.


Transrapid

The Transrapid is a high speed train developed in Germany. It uses magnetic levitation. It can go very fast, up to 500km/h. Since now it is only used in Shanghai. 
It is developed by the company TRANSRAPID INTERNATIONAL GmbH & Co. KG, a company of the Siemens AG and the ThyssenKrupp AG. 

Torque

In physics, torque is the tendency of a force to turn or twist. If a force is used to begin to spin an object, or to stop an object from spinning, a torque is made.

The force applied to a lever, multiplied by the distance from the lever's , multiplied again by the sine of the angle created, is described as torque. This is also known as "r cross f," or "force times fulcrum distance times sine theta."

Fulcrum is the axis of rotation or point of support on which a lever turns in raising or moving something.

The equation for torque is:
where F is the net force vector and r is the vector from the axis of rotation to the point where the force is acting. The Greek letter Tau is used to represent torque. 

The units of torque are force multiplied by distance. The SI unit of torque is the newton-metre. The most common English unit is the foot-pound.


Warm

Warm is the opposite of cool.

When objects get warm, more energy is stored in them. When an object is heated, its molecules move faster. Heat always goes from a warmer object to a colder object; it never goes in the opposite way. A person usually feels good when they are warm, but they do not like to be too warm, because this may become uncomfortable.

University of Leeds

The University of Leeds (sometimes called Leeds University) is a university in Leeds, West Yorkshire, UK. It first started in 1831 with the opening of a school to teach medicine which was one of the first outside of London, Oxford, and Cambridge.
Today one of the UK's leading universities. It is a member of the Russell Group. The university is one of two in the city, the other being Leeds Metropolitan University. The main campus is in the Woodhouse area of Leeds, close to Leeds City Centre.

The main campus is in the Woodhouse area of Leeds, which is about half a mile from the city centre. The campus has many older Victorial buildings such as the Great Hall, as well as some mid-twentieth century buildings such as the Parkinson Building. There are also many brutalist building on campus such as the Roger Stevens Building and the Edward Boyle Library. Recently, newer buildings have been added such as the Marjorie and Arnold Ziff Building.


Leeds

Leeds is a city in Yorkshire and just under 1 million people live here. Leeds has four universities: University of Leeds, Leeds Metropolitan University, Leeds Trinity University and the University of Law. Leeds is on the River Aire. The city's football team is Leeds United AFC.

In Roman times, Leeds was called 'Loidis' which means 'People of the flowing river'.

Leeds grew into a large city, mainly during Victorian times, when many factories were built in the city, making cloth as well as other products. Most of these factories have now closed.

With the building of many of the factories and mills in Leeds, many canals and railways were built in the city as well. 

Leeds used to have a tram system, but this was removed in 1959. There have been plans to bring it back. Trolleybuses have also been thought of.

Marks and Spencers started with a market stall in Leeds Market, and they now have shops throughout the city, with their largest one being on Briggate.

Much of Leeds was rebuilt in the 1960s and 1970s because the old Victorian buildings were mostly run down and unsuitable for modern use. Many new council houses and flats were built around the city.

In the 1970s, the council used the motto 'Motorway City of the 1970s' to try to promote the city. This is because the Leeds Inner Ring Road is a motorway and the M1 motorway, which starts in London, ended in central Leeds.

Today Leeds still has many factories and offices for large companies. The City Centre has attracted many shops, offices, pubs, restaurants and bars. Leeds now has some skyscrapers such as Bridgewater Place. Leeds and Manchester are the most important cities for business in the North of England. Many banks have their offices in Leeds.

Many flats have also been built in the city centre. Leeds has some expensive areas to live like Chapel Allerton, Headingley, Kirkstall, Horsforth, Roundhay and Alwoodley, but it also has some cheap places to live where crime is high like Harehills, Chapeltown, Seacroft and Beeston. There have been riots in Harehills and Chapeltown before.

Tetley's Bitter is made at a brewery in Leeds. This is sold in many pubs and shops in Britain. Tetley's also used to have many pubs in Yorkshire but have sold many, although Tetley's Bitter is still sold there.

ASDA is Britain's second biggest supermarket. It started in Leeds, and it still has its headquarters in the city.

Leeds has a large railway station in the City Centre as well as many smaller ones in suburbs. It also has an airport called Leeds Bradford International Airport. There are many motorways in and around the city as well. Leeds has a bus station with 26 stands, and more stands for National Express services going to other cities. However, it is too small to cope with internal buses, so they stop at bus stops along the streets. Leeds has an outer ring road and an inner ring road. The inner ring road is a motorway.

Leeds is famous for its sports, too. It has a Rugby league team called Leeds Rhinos and a Rugby union team called Yorkshire Carnegie. It also has a football team called Leeds United. Yorkshire Cricket play in Leeds too. The fourth test of the 2009 Ashes was hosted at the Headingley Stadium in Leeds.

Leeds City Council are the council for Leeds as well as other nearby towns that are part of the City of Leeds borough such as Wetherby, Otley, Yeadon, Garforth and Rothwell. This is in addition to the City's 32 Parish & Town Councils alongside a significant unparished area.

The Yorkshire Evening Post is the local newspaper for Leeds and is published every evening. BBC Yorkshire, ITV Yorkshire and Leeds Television all have their studios in Leeds. The Yorkshire Television studios are currently in the process of being downsized as ITV looks to reduce costs.

See Also


Strong interaction

The strong interaction or strong nuclear force is one of the four fundamental forces in physics.

The other fundamental forces are electromagnetism, the weak interaction, and gravitation. They are called "fundamental" because there is no simpler way for physicists to understand what the forces do or how they do it.

The strong nuclear force is what holds most ordinary matter together. It does this in two ways: it holds subatomic particles, like neutrons and protons, together, and then it holds the atomic nucleus together.

It is the strongest fundamental force—many times stronger than gravity (10 times stronger: that's 1 followed by 38 zeros). But it works only over very short distances of a few femtometres (fm). A femtometre is 10 (0.00000 00000 00001) metres.

Scientists often think about the two ways the strong interaction works as separate forces: the color force and the nuclear force. At distances of 0.8 fm and less, the color force holds subatomic particles like protons and neutrons together. At distances of 1 to 3 fm, the residual (leftover) strong force is what keeps protons and neutrons together in the atomic nucleus, so it is called the nuclear force. (This is like thinking of electricity and magnetism as separate forces, when the fundamental force is electromagnetism.)

The strong interaction is often thought to be the action of gluons, which 'glue' quarks together. Gluons can be exchanged (moved) between quarks, antiquarks and other gluons. All of those particles are said to carry a "color charge", something that some elementary particles have which is like electric charge. Particles with color charge exchange gluons, like particles with electric charge exchange photons.

The theory of quantum chromodynamics (QCD) says that the strong force acts between quarks and gluons. Quantum chromodynamics is the theory that explains different colors . The strong force is the basic force controlled by gluons: affecting quarks, antiquarks, and the gluons themselves.

The strong force affects only quarks "directly" (as the "color" force). Between hadrons (like protons and neutrons), made up of quarks, the effect of the strong force is known as the nuclear force (which is not fundamental). 

The strength of the strong force is the reason why we cannot detect "free" quarks (that is, quarks that are by themselves). The theory is that so much energy would be needed (to separate a quark) that new hadrons would be created instead. This is called color confinement and it is seen to happen in particle accelerators.

The color strong force is the strong interaction between the three quarks that a proton or neutron is made of. It is called the color strong force because, like the electromagnetic force, the strong force has charges. The electromagnetic force has only one type of charge, which can be either positive or negative (magnetic charges are just slow-moving electric charges), but the strong force has three types. These three types of charges are named after colors: red, green, and blue. They also have anti-colors: anti-red, anti-green and anti-blue. Like the electromagnetic force's positive and negative charges, different colors attract, and the same colors repel. Some particles that have color charge are quarks and antiquarks. The type of quark is not related to that quark's color charge at all. Quarks are one of the smallest particles currently known. They take up no space because they are points, and they are the only particles that we have not been able to break apart from other particles yet. This is because the nature of the strong force between particles is that it becomes stronger the further away the particles are. The force carrier of the strong force is called the gluon. Gluons also have color charge. Both quarks and gluons have properties that make them unique from other particles, as described in the Standard Model.
The nuclear force, or residual strong force (the force left over after holding the quarks together to make hadrons) is the (leftover) strong force acting between hadrons (particles made of quarks, like protons and neutrons). It is what holds the nucleus of an atom together.




Neuwied

Neuwied is a German town in Rhineland-Palatinate. It is on the north/west side of the Rhine River, about northwest from Koblenz. About 70,000 people live there.

The 86.5 square kilometres of area are divided in the districts of:

Neuwied is connected to the German network of "Bundesstraßen (national routes)" (here: B9, B42 and B256). The "Autobahnen (motorways)" A3, A48 and A61 are quickly reachable from Neuwied. Using the Koblenz main station, all rhine railways and the Intercity network of Germany are available.

There is a lot of industry in Neuwied, for example the production of building materials, metals and big-sized machines.

Brittany

Brittany (French: "Bretagne", Breton: "Breizh") is a region in Northwest France. The adjective for Brittany is Breton.

Today the official administrative region has 4 departments:
Before 1941, a fifth département was part of Brittany: Loire-Atlantique, which includes Nantes. The five departments form the cultural region of Brittany, also known as "historical Brittany".

Brittany is in the western France and its coastline points out into the Atlantic. Warmed by the Gulf Stream, Brittany has a mild and temperate climate with warm summers and wet winters.

Three languages are traditionally spoken in Brittany:

The capital of Brittany is Rennes in the Ille-et-Vilaine department.

The name of Brittany is related to Great Britain (in French, "Grand Bretagne"). The region has also been called "Lesser Britain" or "Little Britain" in the past. After the Anglo-Saxons started arriving in Great Britain in the 5th century, many of the Ancient Britons (Celts) moved to this region. The region may have already had strong ties with the Ancient Britons even before that. These tribes gave Brittany its name, the Breton language, the local place names and many parts of its culture. Brittany was a separate country from the 9th century until it was united with France in 1532. It was a province of France until the French Revolution, when its land was divided in departments. Brittany regained a regional government in the 1980s.

Brittany is the home of the world's largest collection of standing stones in one place, the Carnac stones.

Brittany's main industry is agriculture, in particular: pork farming, chicken farming and the production of maize (for cattle feed). Brittany is also the name of a dog breed.

Standard Model

The Standard Model (SM) of physics is a theory of the elementary particles, which are either fermions or bosons. It also explains three of the four basic forces of nature. The four fundamental forces are: gravity, electromagnetism, the weak force, and the strong force. Gravity is the one the model does not explain.

The model uses the parts of physics called quantum mechanics and special relativity, and the ideas of physical field and symmetry breaking. Some of the mathematics of the SM is group theory, and also as equations which have biggest and smallest points, called Lagrangians and Hamiltonians. 
Fermions are particles that join together to make up all "matter" we see. Examples of groups of fermions are the proton and the neutron. Fermions have properties, such as charge and mass, which can be seen in everyday life. They also have other properties, such as spin, weak charge, hypercharge, and color charge, whose effects do not usually appear in everyday life. These properties are given numbers called quantum numbers. 

Fermions are particles whose spin numbers equal an odd, positive number times one half: 1/2, 3/2, 5/2, etc. We say that fermions have "half integer spin."

An important fact about fermions is that they follow a rule called the Pauli exclusion principle. This rule says that no two fermions can be in the same "place" at the same time, because no two fermions in an atom can have the same quantum numbers at the same time. Fermions also obey a theory called Fermi-Dirac statistics. The word "fermion" honors the physicist Enrico Fermi.

There are 12 different types of fermions. Each type is called a "flavor." Their names are:


Quarks are grouped into three pairs. Each pair is called a "generation." The first quark in each pair has charge 2/3, and the second quark has charge -1/3. The three kinds of neutrino have a charge of 0. The electron, muon, and tau have charge -1.
Matter is made of atoms, and atoms are made of electrons, protons, and neutrons. Protons and neutrons are made of up and down quarks. You can find one lepton by itself, but you can never find quarks alone. This is because quarks are held together by the color force.

Bosons are the second type of elementary particle in the standard model. All bosons have an integer spin (1, 2, 3, etc..) so many of them can be in the same place at the same time. There are two types of elementary bosons: gauge bosons and the Higgs boson. Gauge bosons are what make the fundamental forces of nature possible. (We are not yet sure if gravity works through a gauge boson.) Every force that acts on fermions happens because gauge bosons are moving between the fermions, carrying the force. Bosons follow a theory called Bose-Einstein statistics. The word "boson" honors the Indian physicist Satyendra Nath Bose.

The standard model says that there are:
These particles have all been seen either in nature or in the laboratory. The model also predicts that there is a Higgs boson. The model says that fermions have mass (they are not just pure energy) because Higgs bosons travel back and forth between them. The Higgs boson is believed to have been discovered on July 4th, 2012. It is the particle that gives mass to other particles.

There are four basic known forces of nature. Three of these forces affect fermions, and are carried by bosons traveling between those fermions. The standard model explains these three forces.
The other force affects all particles (fermions and bosons) and is not known to have an associated boson.

The strong and weak forces are only seen inside the nucleus of an atom. They only work over very tiny distances: distances that are about as far as a proton is wide. The electromagnetic force and gravity work over any distance, but the strength of these forces goes down as the affected objects get farther apart. The force goes down with the square of the distance between the affected objects: for example, if two objects become twice as far away from each other, the force of gravity between them goes down to a quarter (2=4).

The standard model falls short of being a theory of everything. 


The standard model is believed to be theoretically self-consistent. It has demonstrated huge and continued successes in experimental predictions, but it does leave some things unexplained.


Moldovan language

Moldovan () is the official language of Moldova. It is almost the same as Romanian. The main difference is that Moldovan was written in the Cyrillic alphabet because Moldova was part of the Soviet Union until 1989. In 1989, Moldova became its own country and started to use the Latin alphabet, which is used in Romania. On 5 December 2013, the Moldovan government chose Romanian as the official language.

In the unrecognized state of Transnistria, one of the official languages is still Moldovan and is still written with the Cyrillic alphabet. The other official languages are Russian and Ukrainian.

List of states with limited recognition

In international law a political entity needs to fulfill different criteria to become an independent state: One of these criteria is that other states must recognize it as a state. If more states recognize it, becoming a "de jure" sovereign state will be easier. 

Many of the territories listed below broke off (separated themselves) from their original parent state, and so they are often referred to as "break-away" states, that are "de facto" independent and are not recognized by other states or are only recognized by few states. They may have some military protection and informal diplomatic representation abroad. Another state may help them avoid forced reincorporation into its original state.








United Nations member states that are not recognized by all the other UN members are not listed here. (For example, 39 countries do not recognize Israel.)











Created by the Republic of South Africa from its own territory




These regimes had control over the territory of a country for which most other states recognized a different government as being the legitimate government:



Electrical resistance

The electrical resistance of an electrical conductor is a measure of the difficulty of passing an electric current through a substance. It explains the relationship between voltage and the current. With more resistance in a circuit, less electricity will flow through the circuit. The inverse of resistance is conductance, a measure not much used. All objects have some resistance, except superconductors. 

Resistance, discovered by Georg Simon Ohm in 1827, is the ratio between voltage and current. Ohm's law said that the voltage between any two points in a conductor changes directly as the current between the two points, given the temperature remains the same. He described it with the equation:

which models the ratio, where: 

A long and thin wire has more resistance than a short and thick one. A simple analogy is a road - the more lanes there are, the more cars can go through. The resistance formula_2 of a wire with a constant width, therefore, can be calculated as:

where formula_7 is the length of the conductor, measured in meters [m], formula_8 is the cross-sectional area of the conductor measured in square meters [m²], and formula_9 (Greek: rho) is the electrical resistivity (also called "specific electrical resistance") of the material, measured in ohm-meters (Ω m).

Example:
Calculate the resistance of copper wire with a radius of 2mm and a length of 5 meters.

Solution:

Because: formula_16

formula_17

Resistors are used in electrical circuits to provide electrical resistance. 

Electromagnetic induction

Electromagnetic induction is where a voltage or current is produced in a conductor by a changing magnetic flux. It may happen when a magnet is moved in a solenoid, or when a solenoid is constantly moved in a stationary magnetic field, thus changing the magnetic flux.

When a coiled wire is introduced near a magnet, the magnetic lines of force pass through the coil. This causes the magnetic flux to change.
Magnetic flux is represented by the symbol formula_1, therefore we can say that formula_1 = BAcos(a) and the resulting unit will be formula_3, where T is the unit for magnetic field and formula_4 is the unit for area.

The changing magnetic flux generates an electromotive force (EMF). This force moves free electrons in a certain way, which constitute a current.

Michael Faraday found that an electromotive force is generated when there is a change in magnetic flux in a conductor.

His laws state that:

formula_5

where,

formula_6 is the electromotive force, measured in volts;

formula_7 is the change in magnetic flux, measured in webers;

formula_8 is the change in time, measured in seconds.

In the case of a solenoid:

formula_9

where,

N is the number of loops in the solenoid.

The negative sign in both equation above is a result of Lenz's law, named after Heinrich Lenz. His law states that the electromotive force (EMF) produces a current that opposes the motion of the changing magnetic flux.


BBC Proms

The Proms are concerts which are part of a big music festival. “Proms” is short for “Promenade Concerts”. The Proms are organized by the BBC, so they are called the “BBC Proms”. They take place in the Royal Albert Hall, in London from mid-July to mid-September every year.

The Proms started more than 100 years ago, in 1895. Concerts were expensive in those days, and not many people had enough money to go and hear good music. Most people were only able to hear good music when they went for walks in the London parks where there were Promenade concerts. Orchestras and bands played in bandstands. Most of the music was popular and easy to listen to. People could enjoy the music while they walked about.

In the centre of London there was a building called the Queen's Hall. A man called Robert Newman organized concerts there. He had an idea. He wanted to start a series of concerts which ordinary people (people who were not rich) could afford to go to. He wanted to start a series of “promenade concerts” (in French “se promener” means “to walk”). The idea was that people could have standing places which would not cost much money. There would also be seats for people who could afford to pay more.

Robert Newman knew a very good young conductor, Henry Wood. He asked him to be the conductor of the Proms. A man called Dr Cathcart gave them enough money to get an orchestra together. On 10 August 1895 the first Promenade Concert took place in the Queen’s Hall. The price of a promenade ticket (a ticket for a standing place) was one shilling.

The Promenade Concerts were a big success, and soon became known as the "Henry Wood Promenade Concerts". Wood conducted both popular music and the classical works of Mozart, Beethoven, Mendelssohn, Tchaikovsky, Brahms and Wagner, as well as some English composers. Wallace and Cowan, popular then, have today faded from the scene, although Elgar and Delius have survived due to Wood's Proms. This broke the convention that famous composers, conductors and singers could not be English.

Some of the music Wood conducted was very new indeed. In 1912 he conducted a piece called “Five Orchestral Pieces” by an Austrian composer Arnold Schoenberg (1874-1951). Its initial lack of appreciation was overcome by inviting Schoenberg to come to England and conduct it himself in 1914.

Henry Wood conducted almost all of the Proms for fifty years, until just before his death in 1944. His innovations with the orchestra staff were to abolish deputies (allegedly in 1904 when, at one rehearsal, none of the regular orchestra, and only deputies attended). Forty members of the orchestra were offended by that decision, and broke away to form what is now the London Symphony Orchestra. In 1913, Wood was also the first English conductor to appoint women to play in his orchestra.

In 1927 the BBC started to fund Proms. The radio was a new invention (then termed the “wireless”). Radio broadcasts increased interest in attending live concerts. In 1930 the BBC Symphony Orchestra was formed, playing at a majority of Prom concerts.

In 1941, during World War II, the Queen’s Hall was destroyed by bombs. The Proms continued to take place in the Royal Albert Hall. Then it became too dangerous in London and the Proms were held in Bristol and then Bedford. After the War the Proms went back to the Royal Albert Hall. They have been held there ever since. From the 1940s to the late 1960s the BBC Symphony Orchestra played at most of the concerts under the very popular conductor Sir Malcolm Sargent whose Last Night speeches became legendary for their wit.

Today the Proms are very different from when they started. It is much more international. The BBC Symphony Orchestra play several concerts each season but there are lots of other orchestras from all over the world who come to play. People can hear different kinds of music at the Proms: not just classical music but jazz and music from far-away countries. In 2005 the famous Indian musician Ravi Shankar played the sitar at one of the Proms. In 2008 the violinist Nigel Kennedy played the "Violin Concerto" by Edward Elgar with the BBC Concert Orchestra, then came back an hour later to give a Late Night Prom of jazz music with the Nigel Kennedy Quintet.

The Proms also include special activities for children. The television programme Blue Peter put on a Blue Peter Prom which is given twice during the weekend at the beginning of the school holidays in late July. In the 2007 season they organized a special Brass Day where children could take part with their instruments. BBC Music Intro put on workshops in the late afternoon for children and their families to learn about music. In 2008 there was a Dr Who prom which was extremely popular, especially with children. This theme will be repeated in 2010.

Henry Wood encouraged composers to write new music by performing it at the Proms. Today this tradition continues as the BBC often commission composers to write new music for the Proms. Some pieces which had their first performance at the Proms have become very well-known, e.g. "The Confession of Isobel Gowdie" by James MacMillan (first performed in 1990), or John Tavener's "The Protecting Veil" (first performed in 1989).

For many years now every Prom has been broadcast live on BBC Radio 3. Some of them are shown on television, either on BBC2 or on BBC4 where viewers can, if they wish, read comments about the music as it is played. People can also listen to the Proms for several days afterwards on the Proms website.

There is a Prom every night (i.e. every evening) for two months during the summer. The last concert is called the “Last Night of the Proms”. It is very famous and millions of people can watch it on television in lots of countries all over the world. Some people who go to the Last Night dress up in funny clothes and wave flags. They hear a piece of music called "Fantasia on British Sea Songs", written by Henry Wood in 1905. It is based on sailors' sea shanties including a 'hornpipe'. The dance that gets faster and faster and the audience clap along, trying to keep up with the orchestra. It includes the song "Rule Britannia". The orchestra always play Edward Elgar's "Pomp and Circumstance March no 1" which has the tune "Land of Hope and Glory". The concert finishes with Parry's hymn "Jerusalem". The conductor also makes a speech.

Since 1996 there have been Proms in parks in other towns in the United Kingdom to which thousands of people can go. These all take place on the same night, and there is interactive communication between them and the Prom in the Royal Albert Hall.

One way to go to the Proms is to buy a ticket for a seat, just like any other sort of concert. But many people think the best way to go to the Proms is to be a promenader. This means having a standing place. There are two places to prom: downstairs in the arena and upstairs in the gallery. The Royal Albert Hall is round, and looks like an old Roman amphitheatre. That is why the floor downstairs is called the “arena”, like in an amphitheatre. The promenaders who stand downstairs are near the orchestra, especially the front rows. But it can be quite a squash when there are lots of people, and small children need to be near the front to see properly. The other place to promenade is upstairs in the gallery. There is more room there, and it is easy to see, and easy to sit down or even lie down when one feels tired.

A ticket to promenade costs £5. People who want to be a promenader have to wait in a queue outside and buy their ticket as they go in. Anyone who wants to be near the front should join the queue early, especially for the very popular concerts, and at the weekend. Some people queue for hours. They pass the time by talking to one another, reading or playing games. It is all good fun and part of enjoying being at the Proms.




Mount Merapi

Mount Merapi (Gunung Merapi in Indonesian) is a volcano in Indonesia. It is on the island of Java. It is conical in shape. It is the most active volcano of Indonesia. In Indonesian, the name means "mountain of fire". The volcano has been discovered by Mr Morris in 1754

In 2006, scientists believed that the volcano would erupt soon. An earthquake occurred in that region on May 27, 2006, and killed about 6,200 people. On June 6, super hot gas and ash poured down the mountain. These hot gases are known as a pyroclastic flow. Two people were killed, and 15,000 people rushed to safety.

On 25 October 2010 the Indonesian government warned villagers living near the mountain to move to safer ground. Officials said hundreds of volcanic earthquakes had been recorded on the mountain over the weekend of 23–24 October, and that the magma had risen to about 1 kilometre (3,300 ft) below the surface due to the seismic activity. People living within a 20 km (12.5 mile) zone were told they must leave.

On the afternoon of 25 October 2010 lava erupted from the southern and south-eastern slopes of Mount Merapi. Many more followed over the next two weeks. There were also pyroclastic flows.

After the recovery of more bodies, an official in disaster management said the death toll reached 273 up to 18 November.

Electrical conductor

A conductor is a material which allows electricity, heat or sound to flow through it. 

An electrical conductor conducts electricity. The ability to conduct electricity is called electrical conductivity. An excellent electrical conductor has high conductivity and low resistivity. Electrical resistivity is the reciprocal/opposite of conductivity. 

Prominent electrical conductors include: 


Metals, like iron and copper, are used to make wires to carry electric current. Plasma is an excellent conductor of electricity and is used for many purposes but metals are more used. 

Impure water can also conduct electricity. Living tissues, as in the human body, are wet and therefore conductors of electricity.

Some materials are "semiconductors". This means that electricity "can" flow through them to a certain temperature and below that semiconductors do not pass electricity.

Some materials are "resistors". This means electricity does not easily flow through them.

A material that stops electric current is called an insulator (electricity). Wires are covered with insulators like plastic to stop the electricity from leaving the wire.

Some materials when very cold, are superconductors. They offer no resistance at all to the flow of electricity.

Most conductors' resistance becomes higher at higher temperatures. 

Michelson interferometer

The Michelson interferometer is the tool used for optical interferometry.

It was invented by Albert Abraham Michelson, famous for proving that luminiferous aether did not exist in the Michelson-Morley experiment.

There are two mirrors in the interferometer, one fixed and the other movable through a micrometer. 

There is also a beam splitter that separates the laser or light beam and a screen that shows the interference pattern.

A wide laser or light beam is first shot at the beam splitter. Reflection takes place as the beam hits the beam splitter, part of it reflects towards mirror 1 while the rest towards mirror 2. The two beams again reflect off mirror 1 and 2 and travel back to the beam splitter. The two beams that goes through the beam splitter will combine and form an interference pattern at the screen.

The interference pattern will appear as bands and each band represents 2 path length difference or 1 wavelength. That is because the crest of wave 1 has caught up with the crest of wave 2 (or the other way around), causing a constructive interference. If given the change in distance of the movable mirror and number of bands on the screen, we can easily calculate the wavelength of the light source.

The Gods Must Be Crazy

The Gods Must Be Crazy is a movie directed by Jamie Uys. It was released in the United States by 20th Century Fox in 1980.

Upon its release, "The Gods Must Be Crazy" made the more money than any other foreign movie. Four sequels followed from 1989 to 1994. The last three in the series were made in Hong Kong.

It stars Namibian farmer N!xau as a Bushman, whose happy village (in Africa's Kalahari desert) suddenly turns to a violent society, after a Coke bottle falls down there from a passing airplane. The Bushman, Xixo, decides to return the bottle to the "end of the earth", to finish all the evil his family has gone through. Along the way, he meets a group of terrorists on the run, as well as a clumsy scientist who falls in love with a former newspaper journalist. During his journey, Xixo encounters modern civilisation for the first time.

Janus

Janus was a two-faced god of Roman mythology who kept the gate of Heaven. He was the god of beginnings and ends, and so of gates, doors, doorways and passages. He is usually depicted as having two faces, since he looks to the future and to the past. The Romans named the month of January (Ianuarius) in his honor. In January we look back on the last year and forward to the next. 

Janus presided over the beginning and ending of conflict, and hence war and peace. The doors of his temple were open in time of war, and closed to mark the peace. As a god of transitions, he was remembered at births, and journeys: he was concerned with travelling, trading and shipping.
It was also said that his face was split in two since a door can let you in or out. 

An unusual feature of the mythology is that the ancient Greeks had no version of Janus. 

The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland

The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland is an animated movie from 1987, released by Cineplex Odeon Films. It is the last big-screen movie to star the Care Bears characters, and is loosely based on Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland" stories.

This movie has a sequel called "" (1986).


Rhea

Rhea could mean:


These people have "Rhea" as their family name:

These people have it as their given name:


Conducting

Conducting in music means beating time to help a group of musicians to sing or play well together.

If an orchestra is playing music, it is important that they all play exactly together. They need to know exactly when to start, what tempo (speed) to go, how loud or quietly to play, and what the mood of the music should be. If a small number of people play music together (like in a chamber orchestra), they can talk about this amongst themselves. One person can nod with his/her head or with the bow of a string instrument to help the group to start and finish together.

With larger orchestras, such as a symphony orchestra, there are so many people (almost a hundred of them in some cases) that they need a separate person to lead. This person is called the conductor.

In the 17th century, orchestras were usually small enough that they did not need a conductor. Often they were directed by the keyboard player or lead violinist. But as orchestras grew in size and began using a wider variety of instruments, it became a convention of having someone who was not playing any instrument to stand, facing the orchestra, as the director or conductor. One early conductor was the French composer Jean-Baptiste Lully (1632-1687), who beat time by banging a big stick (like a walking stick) on the floor to the time of the music. One day he banged his stick so hard, it went through his foot, and he died of gangrene.

Conducting as we know it today had become normal by the 19th century. The composer Felix Mendelssohn (1809-1847) was known to be a very good conductor as well. Some conductors in Victorian times behaved like they wanted to show off. At around the same time, Louis Antoine Jullien (1812-1860) was a French conductor who wore white gloves, which were presented to him on a silver tray at the start of the concert. He dressed in expensive clothes and his long black hair waved all over the place as he conducted. He was very successful, in France at first, in the UK afterwards, and then even in the US, where he worked with the showman P.T. Barnum. His concerts were a mix of dance and "classical" music, always with the best musicians. His life was so strange that a biography (in French) has been published ( ).

The British conductor Sir Henry Wood (1869-1944), who was famous for conducting The Proms, was a well-liked man who was respected and loved by orchestras and audiences.

Conductors usually beat time with their right hand. This leaves their left hand free to show the various instruments when they come in (when they start playing) and to give interpretative gestures, such as indicating when to play louder or softer, or faster or slower. Most conductors have a stick called a “baton”. It makes it easier for people at the back of large orchestras or choirs to see the beat. Other conductors, such as those who lead singers, prefer not to use a baton. A conductor stands on a small platform called a “rostrum”.

To be a good conductor is not easy. It is not just a question of giving a steady beat. A good conductor will know the music extremely well, understand how the composer wanted the music to sound, be able to figure out the technical details, and know how to be able to work with the orchestra to create great music everyone would want to listen to. Having good communication skills would help a lot, but some conductors speak very little during their rehearsals. They make everything clear through the way they conduct.

Some of the most famous conductors of the past were: Gustav Mahler, Hans Richter, Arthur Nikisch, Arturo Toscanini, Bruno Walter, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Herbert von Karajan, Leopold Stokowski, Georg Solti, John Barbirolli, Otto Klemperer, George Szell and Leonard Bernstein.

Some of the most famous conductors today are: Marin Alsop, Riccardo Chailly, Gustavo Dudamel, Sir Simon Rattle, Andris Nelsons, Valery Gergiev and Bernard Haitink.

The main conductor who is in charge of an orchestra is often given the title "musical director". This will usually mean that he or she has a lot of power in the organization of the orchestra, such as choosing the music that will be performed at each concert or inviting soloists to perform with the orchestra. Orchestras may give honorary titles to their conductor, such as "conductor laureate".

A "guest conductor" is one who conducts an orchestra regularly, but is not the main conductor. Typically, he or she would be invited by the main conductor to conduct a performance now and then. An "assistant conductor" will often be a young conductor who helps the main conductor and gets the chance to conduct some of the concerts. Leonard Bernstein became famous in 1953 as the assistant conductor of the New York Philharmonic when he led a concert, which was being broadcast nationally on CBS Radio, without having time to prepare for it. He would be the main director of that orchestra from 1958 to 1969.

Norwegian language

The Norwegian language is the official language of Norway. It is spoken by over four and a half million people, and it belongs to the group of North Germanic languages which are spoken in Scandinavia. These include Swedish, Danish, Icelandic and Faeroese.

Two forms of the language exist: (which means "book language") and (which means "new Norwegian").

Old Norse is the language that was spoken hundreds of years ago in Scandinavia at the time of the Vikings. It is very similar to today’s Icelandic language. This is because many Vikings sailed from Norway to Iceland in order to escape from the rule of the Norwegian kings who were making people pay lots of tax.

During the 13th century the Black Death killed two thirds of the population of Norway. The Danish kings and queens noticed that Norway was weak and defenceless, so they annexed Norway (made it part of Denmark). For hundreds of years Norway was ruled by the Danes. All the rulers, priests, estate owners and noblemen were Danish. Many of them settled in Norway. This is why today’s standard Norwegian (Bokmål) is similar to Danish. Norwegians were not allowed to print books in Norwegian. Anyone wanting to study had to go to Denmark or Germany.

In 1814 Denmark lost a war and had to give Norway to Sweden. Then the Norwegians were allowed to have their own university. Gradually the Danish language was mixed up with the Norwegian dialects and became today’s Norwegian language. Norwegian and Danish look very similar when they are written, but when they are spoken they sound different. In Danish a lot of the sounds are swallowed.

During the 19th century a slightly different form of Norwegian was made up by several people. This eventually became known as “Nynorsk.” It was based on old forms of Norwegian and dialects. During the 20th century some attempts were made to join Bokmål and Nynorsk into one language, but they did not succeed. Today about one person in nine or ten in Norway writes Nynorsk. Children in school have to learn both forms.

The Norwegian alphabet has 29 letters. These are the same letters as the English alphabet plus three extra vowels: 

The letters "c", "q", "w", "x" and "z" are only used for words that have been borrowed from other languages. However, "c" and "w" are more common that "q", "x", and "z", even more common than the letter which is used even in original Norwegian words.


French Polynesia

French Polynesia (, Tahitian: "Porinetia Farani") is a French "overseas collectivity" (French: "collectivité d'outre mer", or COM) with the particular designation of "overseas country" (French: "pays d'outre-mer", or "POM") in the southern Pacific Ocean.

The country is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands. The most well-known is Tahiti, the most populous island, which is in the Society Islands group. The capital of the territory, Papeete, is also there.

Although it does not really belong in the territory, French Polynesia is in charge of affairs for Clipperton Island.

Other island groups include:

Aside from Tahiti, some other important atolls, islands, and island groups in French Polynesia are: Ahe, Bora Bora, Hiva `Oa, Huahine, Maiao, Maupiti, Mehetia, Moorea, Nuku Hiva, Raiatea, Tahaa, Tetiaroa, Tubuai, and Tupai.

Notes

Magnitude

Magnitude could mean:

In astronomy:

In seismology:

Other:


Osnabrück

Osnabrück is a city in Germany in the state of Lower Saxony. It is around 1,200 years old. The castle dates back to the 19th century. The city was founded by Charlemagne. About 165,000 people live there. It is twinned with Derby, UK, as well as five other cities around Europe.

Osnabrück is in the south of the state, on the border with North Rhine-Westphalia. It shares an airport with the neighbouring city of Münster which is in North Rhine-Westphalia. It is the only German city in a national park.

It is known as the City of Peace.





Neighbour

A Neighbour (or neighbor in American English) is a person who lives nearby, normally in a house or apartment that is next door or, in the case of houses, across the street. Some people form friendships with their neighbours, and help them by sharing their tools and helping with gardening tasks. Other people become frustrated with their neighbours, if the neighbour makes a lot of noise or a mess

A group of people living close together in a small community is called a neighbourhood. Some neighbourhoods have many community organizations, where people volunteer and do charitable activities. Other neighbourhoods in poor communities may have no community organizations, and there may be many problems in the community, such as illegal drugs, prostitution, and homelessness. 

Flip-flop (electronics)

In electronics, a flip-flop or latch is a circuit that has two stable states and can be used to store information. Signals applied to control inputs can change the circuit’s state. It is the basic storage element in sequential logic. Flip-flops and latches are fundamental building blocks of digital electronics systems used in computers, communications, and many other types of systems.

Flip-flops are mainly used as static RAM to store data in a computer. That data is represented in binary. Binary is represented in a 1 (“high state”) and 0 (“low state”). The structure of flip flops vary, but the general characteristic is that two branches affect each other's state by putting the current resulting state of one branch and using that as input for the next iteration of the other branch.
The first electronic flip-flop, originally called the Eccles-Jordan trigger circuit, was invented in 1918 by the British physicists William Eccles and F. W. Jordan. The initial design’s only active elements were two vacuum tubes. While working at Hughes Aircraft, Eldred Nelson coined the term JK for a flip-flop which changed states when both inputs were on (a logical "one").

Flip-flops can be either simple or clocked. A simple flip-flop changes state as soon as the input changes. A clocked flip-flop changes state only when an extra pulse occurs. This pulse is called the clock signal. Commonly, "flip-flop" only refers to clocked circuits; the simple ones are commonly called "latches".

The two common types of flip-flops are SR ("set-reset"), D ("data" or "delay").

The most fundamental flip-flop is the simple SR flip-flop. In the SR flip-flop, the S and R stand for set and reset. The stored bit is present on the output marked Q.

If S is pulsed high while R is held low, then the Q output is forced high. Conversely, if R is pulsed high while S is held low, then the Q output is forced low. When the R and S inputs are both low, the Q outputs are in a constant state. However, when the R and S inputs are both high, the Q outputs are in a forbidden state.

Since high and low mean logical '1' and '0', respectively, the SR flip-flop can have four combinations showing below:

(A) S = 1, R = 0: set

(B) S = 0, R = 0: hold

(C) S = 0, R = 1: reset

(D) S = 1, R = 1: not allowed

The restricted combination (D) leads to an unstable state.

A D Flip-Flop prevents an SR flip-flop from receiving the forbidden combination. It takes only one input for data, called D. It splits this data down two paths. On one path it flips the data to the opposite value. This is the “NOT” box in the animation. That way, S = 1, R = 1 is never fed to the internal SR latch.

Satoshi Tajiri

The protagonist of the Pokémon anime, Ash Ketchum, was thought to be Satoshi as a child.

Ilkley

Ilkley is a tourist town in the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire, England. The biggest attraction there is the wonderful and big "Ilkley moors". It is very green and grassy and provides walks for any type of people. One of these walks includes a big rock and a little rock called the Cow and Calf Rocks. This is one of the bigger wonders of the Yorkshire dales. By these rocks there is a pub called "The Cow and Calf". 

The town is has one railway station where trains run to Leeds and Bradford.

Econometrics

Econometrics is a branch of economics. It is the use of statistical and mathematical methods to describe the relation between economic forces such as capital (any of the tools, work, or other things needed to make something useful), interest rates (the price of borrowing money), and labor.

Much of econometrics is making models which are simple pictures of the real world. These models then can be used to predict what will happen in the real world.

An example of econometrics would be looking at the prices of houses in a town. An economist (someone who studies economics) can try to make a simple picture of the house prices in the town. This picture might show that houses close to the market are worth more. An economist could then say that if a new market is made in another part of the town, home prices there might go up. The economist also might say that the new market could make prices less than before near the old one, because the new market will make it so that more houses are near a market. This would make the people who sell houses near a market sell them for less, since there could be more sellers than buyers.

A basic tool for econometrics is the multiple linear regression model. In modern econometrics, other statistical tools are often used, but linear regression is still the most used starting point for an analysis. Estimating a linear regression on two variables can be shown by drawing a line through data points representing paired numbers of the independent and dependent variables.

Franconia

Franconia ( ; Franconian dialect: "Franggn" ) is the northern part of the German federal state of Bavaria. This region is divided in three smaller regions: Oberfranken, Mittelfranken, and Unterfranken. The biggest city in Franconia is Nuremberg.

Other large cities in Franconia are Coburg, Aschaffenburg, Würzburg, Erlangen, Fürth, Bamberg, Bayreuth, Schweinfurt and Hof.

The most important river in Franconia is the Regnitz, which is 63.7 km (39.6 mi) in length.

King of Arms

A King of arms is a government officer in countries like England, Scotland, and Wales. He grants coats of arms to other people. King of Arms is the highest rank of officer of arms. Some countries do not have a King of Arms, but have another person that grants coats of arms.


A King of Arms is also usually in charge of special ceremonies for a country.







Psychokinesis

Psychokinesis or telekinesis is the supposed ability to change matter, energy, space or time by using your mind. It is often mentioned and performed in science fiction movies and video games.

Psychokinesis is the word used to describe many different abilities. These abilities include:





List of international Cartoon Network channels

Cartoon Network is an international cartoon television channel for children owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.







Autobiography

An autobiography is a biography in which the author writes about his or her own life. It is a self-written account of one's own life.

It is one of the earliest form of literature, but the word itself is quite modern.

The word comes from the Greek stems "auto" (meaning "self"), "bio“ (meaning "life"), and "graph" (meaning "write").


Penjing

Penjing (盆景 pinyin: pén jǐng, literally tray scenery), also known as penzai is the ancient Chinese art of growing trees and plants in containers. The plants are kept small by skilled pruning.

Penjing is similar to the Japanese art of bonsai.

The first historical reference to "penjing" is from the 9th century.



Brian Eno

Brian Eno (born 15 May 1948) is an English musician. He was one of the original members of the band Roxy Music. He makes music called electronic music, which is music made using computers and other electronic devices, like the synthesizer. Brian Eno has worked with other famous musicians and groups like David Bowie and U2.

Kirby (character)

Kirby is the main character of the "Kirby" franchise. Kirby has appeared in many video games made for Nintendo game systems. 

Kirby's appearance is simply a pink ball with red shoes and nubs for arms. Kirby has black oval eyes, blushing cheeks, and a small mouth. 

Kirby has the power to fly over obstacles by puffing up into a large ball. Kirby can also eat enemies by inhaling them, and he can spit them out to shoot other enemies. 

In most of the series, Kirby has the power to copy the abilities of enemies by swallowing them. When Kirby eats an enemy with a power to copy, he changes his look to show his new power. 

Kirby also appears in the Super Smash Bros. series of crossover fighting video games. 

Capacitor

A capacitor (also called condenser, which is the older term) is an electronic device that stores electric energy. It is similar to a battery, but can be smaller, lightweight and a capacitor charges or discharges much quicker. Capacitors are used in many electronic devices today, and can be made out of many different types of material. The Leyden jar was one of the first capacitors invented.

Capacitors are usually made with two metal plates that are on top of each other and near each other, but that do not actually touch. When powered, they allow energy to be stored inside an electrical field. Because the plates need a lot of area to store even a small amount of charge, the plates are usually rolled up into some other shape, such as a cylinder. Sometimes, other shapes of capacitors are used for special purposes. A capacitor-like effect can also result just from two conductors being close to each other, whether you want it to exist or not.

The type of capacitor used depends on the application. Capacitors come in many sizes. They can be as small as an ant or as large as a dustbin. A few capacitors are adjustable. 

All capacitors have two connections, or leads. Most kinds of capacitors can be replaced easily by someone who has basic skills in electronics. However, one of the more powerful types - the electrolytic capacitor - must be used the correct way, or they can explode violently.

While capacitors can store energy, as batteries do, capacitors can release all their stored energy very quickly, even faster than a second. A defibrillator or a photoflash capacitor uses this ability. It gradually charges, until it cannot be filled any more, and then quickly discharges its stored power to a device that needs to have it quickly.

Supercapacitors hold a bigger charge than regular capacitors. They are used to store electricity for motors and other purposes when batteries won't discharge quickly enough. 

This type of capacitor is not for use in high frequency circuits, being made with a coil inside. They can charge and discharge even more quickly than other capacitors. They are used in filter circuits or timing circuits which run at several hundred KHz or less.

Electrolytic capacitors use a conducting surface inside a liquid electrolyte. They do not charge and discharge as rapidly as film capacitors do. They have polarity and so they have to be attached correctly. There are two leads; one will have a + and the other a -. This means one lead is "positive" and one is "negative". There are two different styles: axial, where the leads are connected to each end, and radial, where the leads are connected to one end. Electrolytic capacitors are printed with capacitance and voltage rating.

Since the voltage rating can be low, it is important to check that the electrolytic capacitor is not overcharged. Capacitors can be separated from a battery, then connected in series. Because the capacitor is polarized, the positive terminal must be connected to a negative terminal. This creates "correct polarity" through the electrical circuit and prevents breakdown.
Some electrolytic capacitors are unpolarized, meaning that either side can be positive or negative. These are mostly used in loudspeakers to block low-frequency signals (bass) from reaching high-frequency (tweeter) drivers.



Condenser

Condenser may mean:


Strategy

Strategy is a long term plan on what to do to achieve a certain goal. Today, the word "strategy" is in common use; people might talk about "business strategy", for example. However, it is a word which was first used by the military. It comes from an ancient Greek word for the most important leader who made all the big decisions for the rest of the soldiers. In other words, this leader was the highest general of the country.

When talking about the near future, people often use the word "tactics". Military theorist Carl von Clausewitz said "tactics is the art of using troops in battle; strategy is the art of using battles to win the war". The distinction between strategy and tactics applies to any planning which might be done against an enemy or opponent. Strategy is what we broadly intend to do to reach our long-term goal or objective. Tactics is the detailed steps which are used as our progress is opposed by the opponent. For this reason, tactics are short-scale and easy to change. Strategy, on the other hand, is changed as little as possible. It may be that our goal simply cannot be reached. In that case, a search goes on for a new goal and a new or adjusted strategy. Often, in war, chess or business, roughly the same tactics are still used to get to a different goal. Negotiation is another area where the distinction between strategy and tactics is especially clear.


Design pattern

In Computer science, a Design pattern is an abstract solution to a certain problem. Design patterns are used in object oriented programming. They give a possible solution to a problem of designing software.

Design patterns became popular around the year 1995. They also simplify the language between computer scientists. Ideally, a design pattern should be reusable many times. It is like a brick of a house, it can be used for many different problems. One can also build bridges with bricks, not only houses.

These examples are actual examples of design patterns as they are in use. They have not been simplified. It is only the language used to describe them that has been made simpler.
The flyweight design pattern is used to minimize the use of many similar objects. In a text-processing system each letter can have some attributes like formatting, typeface, and size. While it would be possible to create a new object for each character in the document and give it these attributes, it is extremely expensive.

Instead it would be better to create one object for each type of formatting and link the letter to that information. That needs a lot fewer objects. The only extra information that would need to be stored is the word or letter's position in the document. All similar letters would use the same object to define font, size, and other properties.

Another easy to understand pattern is called "Singleton". It is used when there can only be one instance of a given class. That class usually has some static method (e.g. getInstance()) which returns a new instance. It also saves the instance internally. So if it already created the instance, it can simply return it.

Amarillo, Texas

Amarillo is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is in the northern part of Texas. The city's economy is mostly based on cattle. In 2020, 200,393 people lived there.

Lansdowne, Pennsylvania

Lansdowne is a suburb of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the US.

Lansdowne has a total area of 1.2 square miles.

Gillingham F.C.

Gillingham Football Club is an English football club. They are based in the town of Gillingham, Kent. They are currently in Football League One. They play home games at Priestfield Stadium. Gillingham are managed by Steve Lovell and the chairman is Paul Scally. The club captain, Gabriel Zakuani, plays in defence. They finished their last season (2017-18) in 17th.

Round (music)

A round in music is a song which can be sung by two or more groups of people. One group starts off and the next group start to sing the same song a bit later. It should sound nice together. When a group gets to the end of the song they start again. They can go round and round, singing it several times.

Usually rounds are in 2, 3 or 4 parts (meaning that they are for 2, 3 or 4 groups of people). When a group of people sing or play a round they usually sing it an agreed number of times. This means that the group which starts last also finishes last.

"Frère Jacques" is a famous French round. "London's Burning" is an English round. Both those rounds can be sung in 4 parts.

The oldest round that we know is "Sumer is icumen in". This is a very famous piece of music because it is the oldest piece of music we know that was written down. It was written around 1250 by a monk. It can be sung in 4 parts with 2 bass drones (held notes).

Writing music by making one part imitate another is called canonic writing. Rounds are a kind of canon.


Gall bladder

The gallbladder is a pear-shaped organ in your abdomen. It stores about 50 ml of acidic liquid (bile) until the body needs it for digestion. That liquid helps digest fat. The gallbladder is about 7-10cm long in humans. It is dark green in color because of the bile in it. It is connected to the liver and the duodenum by the biliary tract.

Addenbrooke's Hospital

Addenbrooke's Hospital is a large hospital in Cambridge, England. It was started in in 1766. A new building was started in 1962 and the old building closed in 1984. It is run by Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. The hospital lets people in to look around, once every two years. You can visit the mortuary, the operating theatres and the hospital roof.

In October 2022 there were two cases where people were waiting more than 60 hours in the emergency department for a hospital bed. 515 patients waited more than 12 hours.

Koala

A Koala ("Phascolarctos cinereus") is a plant-eating marsupial. It lives in the eucalyptus forests of eastern Australia. They are the only living species in the family Phascolarctidae. They are related to the wombats.

Koalas are often called "koala bears", because a koala looks like a small bear or teddy bear. However, it is not a bear, it is quite a different type of animal.

Koalas have brownish-grey or silver-grey fur, and a big pink, dark red or/and black nose. They have sharp claws which help them to climb.

Koalas also have finger prints which look the same as human finger prints. Finger print experts have had difficulty in being able to tell if the prints are from a human or koala. Finger prints are rare among mammals that climb trees. Scientists do not know why the koala has them, but their best guess is that it helps the koala choose leaves to eat.

Koalas are mostly active at night. They live in trees and are rarely found on the ground. Koalas have two unusual characteristics.
They eat leaves of eucalyptus trees. Koalas do not drink often, they get most of their water from the eucalyptus leaves they eat. Eucalyptus leaves are poisonous, but koalas do not get poisoned. This is because they have certain bacteria in their digestive tract that can detoxify the poison in the leaves. Koalas, however, have to sleep long hours because eucalyptus leaves do not produce much energy and also because the digestive process takes a long time.

Koalas have a peculiar way of cooling themselves. Unlike humans who sweat and other animals, which either pant or lick their fur to stay cool, koalas reduce their body heat by hugging a tree. The temperature of the trunks of certain trees is up to 9 degrees Celsius lower than the air temperature. Koalas prefer to stay on these trees on a hot day even if they do not have the tastiest leaves.

Koalas live alone most of the time, but they have a social hierarchy with the other koalas who live near.

After a pregnancy of 35 days, the newly born koala is about a quarter of an inch long, and is born with no ears, eyes, or hair. It crawls into its mothers pouch on its own. After 12 months the young koala is old enough that it does not go into its mother's pouch or need milk anymore. The female koala can have another baby then. Young koalas usually leave their mothers when they are 18 months old, but if their mother does not have another baby they sometimes stay for up to three years. Koalas become mature when they are about two years old, but they often have their first baby after another two years.

The koala is not an endangered species, but it is a near vulnerable species. One reason is the loss of habitat, which means that koalas have less space to live. In some places there are very few koalas left. But there are also places, such as French Island (Victoria), with too many koalas that eat too much. Because of this the eucalyptus trees and other animals are in danger. A study looking at koala numbers at 1800 sites for 20 years, shows that the number of koalas is falling. The study, by the Australian Koala Foundation, estimates that there are only about 50,000 koalas left. there is over 500 types of gum trees in the world, however, koalas only eat 4-6 types that they prefer. 

Many koalas are infected with Chlamydia. This is affecting the survival of the species. Koalas on French Island do not have the disease, and so groups of them are often moved to the mainland to repopulate some areas. The disease can cause blindness, pneumonia, urinary tract infections and reproductive tract infections.


John Adams (composer)

John Coolidge Adams is an American composer. He was born in 1947. He was born in Worchester, Massachusetts. His music often uses minimalism with large orchestras and lots of different sounds. He was named after John Adams, the 2nd President of the United States. 
He studied music at Harvard University. After he graduated from Harvard, he went to California. Soon, he became part of the musical community of San Francisco. He listened to the music of minimalist composers like John Cage, Terry Riley and Morton Feldman. By the mid-1980s he was working as composer and conductor. The piece that made him famous was called "Harmonium". "Harmonium" is made to sound like a harmonium, but the title also refers to "harmony". This shows that he is writing tonal music, unlike some composers at the time whose music was getting more difficult to understand because it was not in any key.

Adams wrote several short pieces such as "Short Ride in a Fast Machine" and "The Chairman Dances". This last piece is music from his opera "Nixon in China." It was performed many times, but made some people angry because the Chinese leaders Chou En-lai and Mao Tse-tung are shown in it as human beings who deserve sympathy.

Adam's Violin Concerto has been performed over 100 times by many of the world's famous violinists. Adam's song, "The Chairman Dances", was put in the game Civilization IV.

Handcuffs

Handcuffs are a type of restraint, often used by police to ensure suspects cannot escape or hurt anyone. They do this by securing a person's wrists together. They are usually metal and consist of two parts linked together by a chain. Without the key, the handcuffs cannot be removed without specialist knowledge, and a handcuffed person cannot move their wrists more than a short distance apart. Usually they are put on behind the back.

There are three main types of handcuffs: chain, hinged, and solid bar. While they are harder to carry, rigid handcuffs allow a number of differences in cuffing. Both rigid and hinged cuffs can be used one-handed to apply pain-compliance/control techniques. Different accessories are available to improve the security or increase the hardness of handcuffs. These include boxes that fit over the chain or hinge and can be locked with a padlock.

In 1933 the Royal Canadian Mounted Police used a type called "Mitten Handcuffs". These stopped criminals from being able to grab the officer's tools, such as their gun. It was used by some in law enforcement but it was never popular.

Handcuffs can be made from different metals, including carbon steel, stainless steel and aluminium, or from synthetic polymers.

The National Museum of Australia has a number of handcuffs in its collection. These can be from as early as the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

Handcuffs with double locks have a piece that can stop the cuff from getting tighter. Tightening could be done on purpose or by struggling. Handcuffs may cause nerve damage or loss of circulation if they are tightened. Some wearers could tighten the cuffs to try to escape. They do this by trying to escape when the officer is loosening the cuffs. Double locks also make picking the locks more difficult.

There are three kinds of double locks described in a Smith & Wesson brochure:

Moving a lever on the cuff makes the lock move into a position that locks the bolt. No tool is needed to double lock this type of cuff.

A small peg on the key is inserted into a hole to engage the lock.

These are also used with a peg, but here it is inserted into a slot and moved sideways to engage the lock.

Plastic handcuffs, are lightweight plastic strips that look like electrical cable ties. Soldiers and police can carry a lot of them at once. This is useful for some situations, such as during big protests and riots. In recent years, airlines have started to carry plastic handcuffs to restrain troublesome passengers. Disposable handcuffs could be considered cost-inefficient. This is because they cannot be loosened, and have to be cut off to let a restrained person be fingerprinted, or to use the bathroom.

However, this usage means that cheap handcuffs are used in times where steel ones would normally be unused for long times. Recent products have been made that deal with this. These include disposable plastic restraints that can be opened with a key. These are more expensive than traditional plastic restraints, since they can only be used for a small number of times, usually only one, and are not as strong. In addition, many people think plastic restraints are more likely to cause nerve or soft-tissue damage to the wearer than metal handcuffs.

When a suspect is extremely aggressive, leg irons may be used as well. Sometimes the chain connecting the leg irons to each other is looped around the chain of the handcuffs, resulting in the prisoner being "hog-tied" or "hog cuffed". In a few rare cases, people lying on their stomachs have died from positional asphyxia. This makes the practice very controversial, and has led to it being restricted, or even banned, in many places.

Most handcuffs today in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom and Latin America can be opened with the same key. This makes transporting prisoners easier. However, there are handcuff makers who use different keys. Maximum security handcuffs need special keys. Handcuff keys usually do not work with thumbcuffs. The Cuff Lock handcuff key padlock uses this same standard key.

In addition to the Universal handcuff key, a few modified designs exist. One kind of key is designed to fit behind an officer's badge.

Flashlight

A flashlight (in American English) or torch (in Commonwealth countries) is a small, portable spotlight. Its function is a beam of light which helps to see. It usually requires batteries.

The light is made by a small light bulb. In the 20th century, it was usually an incandescent bulb. Nowadays most use LEDs, which work slightly differently. In 1896, the first dry cell battery was invented. Unlike previous batteries, it used a paste electrolyte instead of a liquid. This was the first battery suitable for portable electrical devices, as it did not spill or break easily and worked in any orientation. Sometimes the electricity comes from a small generator instead of a battery.

The torch can also refer to a flammable stick that is lit on fire to provide light and (or) heat. 

Hundreds of years ago, people used candles or oil lamps for indoor light. Candles were expensive, and once the candle was gone, you would have to buy or make a new one or be stuck in the dark. When electricity was discovered and the light bulb was invented, David Misell, a British man working in Hubert's New York shop in 1898, came up with the idea of a light bulb that you could take with you, anywhere you wanted to go. Then, the torch was invented. The first flashlight has three D batteries which powered a small incandescent bulb. The bulbs would glow with a simple ON/OFF switch.

Discrimination

Discrimination is when someone is treated unfairly or differently because the person is one of a particular group. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights affirms that all persons must be protected against any kind of discrimination, or even its inciting.

A person might be discriminated against because of their race, age, sex, politics, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion,caste,the way they look, a past criminal record, the person's lifestyle, their choice of clothing, their age or their disabilities whether they are a member of or fit in with a social clique (group), social class, social status or caste, and many other reasons.

Discrimination can take many forms. It can include being fired from a job, not being able to be hired for a job, being paid less money than others at the same job, being refused a home or apartment, teasing, harassment, or simply being treated differently than other people. Laws known as "equal opportunity legislation" protect people from discrimination. They say people should be employed whatever their race, age, sex or religion. There should be reasonable care for people with disabilities or accessibility. Two people in the same position must be paid the same wage if they have exactly the same job.

In some countries, discrimination against somebody on the basis of race, sex, religion, sexual orientation, age, or disability is illegal. Even in those countries where discrimination is unlawful, it still takes place for reasons not covered by the law. In some other countries, discrimination against somebody is legal or even official government policy. This especially takes place in countries in which there is an official religion, and people of other religions are discriminated against.

Ernest Rutherford

Ernest Rutherford, 1st Baron Rutherford of Nelson OM PC FRS (30 August 1871 – 19 October 1937) was a New Zealand-born British scientist. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1908 for his work on nuclear physics, and for his theory of the structure of the atom.

Rutherford was one of the first researchers in nuclear physics, after the discovery of radiation by the French physicist Henri Becquerel in 1896. Rutherford discovered the radioactive half-life, and the three parts of radiation which he named Alpha, Beta, and Gamma. He also discovered that alpha particles were the nuclei of Helium. Rutherford's Geiger–Marsden experiment led to what we know today about the atomic structure, where the atom is a nucleus and electrons orbit around it.

In 1919, Rutherford made the world's first artificial nuclear reaction, where he put alpha particles with nitrogen gas and created particles of oxygen isotopes and protons. This was nuclear transmutation, changing nitrogen gas into oxygen gas.

Rutherford was the leader of the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge. He proved the existence of the nucleus and that is was composed of protons and neutrons. In 1932 James Chadwick made an experiment at the Cavendish Lab that showed Rutherford was right.

Rutherford College, a school in Auckland, New Zealand, was named after him.



Serialism

Serialism is a way of composing music using a series of notes in a particular order and using this to build up a whole piece of music. These series and patterns can also be applied to other parts of music (like how loud or soft it is).

To show how serialism works we can take a very simple example. Let us use just five notes from the white notes of a keyboard. We can use the notes A, B, C, D and E. We are going to make a “tune” using all these five notes, but not repeating any until all five have been used (although we are allowed to repeat the note we have just had).
For example: we might have D, C, A, A, A, A, B, E. This is what we call our “row” or “series”, although usually one would expect a row of twelve different notes. It is the one we start off with, so we can call it our tone row.

We can change the tone row by playing it backwards. This is called retrograde. So we now get E, B, A, A, A, A, C, D.

We can also change it by playing it upside down. This means that instead of going up one step we go down one step, or instead of going up two steps we go down two steps etc. If we start on the same note D we now get: D, E, G, G, G, G, F, C. This is called inversion.
We can make it go backwards and upside down. So we get: C, F, G, G, G, G, E, D. This is called retrograde inversion.

We now have four ways of playing our row: tone row, retrograde, inversion, retrograde inversion.

These can now be transposed to create many more options.

In 1923 the composer Arnold Schoenberg (1874-1951) developed what he called the “twelve-tone system”. Instead of using just five notes as in our example, he used all 12 notes in the octave (5 black and 7 white notes on the piano keyboard). Most music we listen to is in a particular key (tonality). This is called “tonal” music. For example: if we start “Twinkle, twinkle little star” on a C we finish on a C at the end and the piece sounds finished. It is “tonal” (in a particular key). In twelve-tone music all 12 notes are equal, there is no “key note” (it is “atonal”). This makes the music very hard to understand and it took people a long time to get used to the sound of Schoenberg’s new music.

Schoenberg was not the only composer to use this way of composing. His pupils Alban Berg (1885-1935) and Anton Webern (1883-1945) also wrote twelve-tone music. Schoenberg, Webern & Berg are sometimes called the "Second Viennese School"-The first was Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven a hundred years before. The composers Igor Stravinsky (1882-1971) and Aaron Copland (1900-1990) started to write twelve-tone music when they were quite old. Composers such as Benjamin Britten (1913-1976) used it occasionally, often putting it together with music which was tonal (listen to Britten’s opera “Midsummer Night’s Dream”). When contrasted with tonal music in this way it can be very beautiful.

In the 1950s and 1960s some composers like Pierre Boulez (b.1925) and Karlheinz Stockhausen (b.1928) wrote music which was not only twelve-tone, but serial in other ways as well. For example: they organized levels of dynamics (from very quiet to very loud) in a series, and the lengths of notes (from very short to very long), and even timbre (the sound quality). By combining all these things their music became very complicated indeed. When all these things were used for the whole piece of music it was called “total serialism”. Boulez’s "Structures I" is an example of a piece which uses “total serialism”. A lot of people criticized this music, saying that it was too mathematical instead of being expressive. Such music can be hard to understand. 

Frédéric Chopin

Fryderyk Franciszek Chopin (1 March 1810 – 17 October 1849; pronounced SHOH-pen) was a Polish composer and virtuoso pianist. He is considered one of the greatest Romantic piano composers. Chopin was born in Żelazowa Wola, a village in the Duchy of Warsaw. A famous child prodigy, he grew up in Warsaw where he completed his music education and composed many of his mature works before leaving Poland in 1830 at age 20, shortly before the November 1830 Uprising.

After the Uprising, he lived in Paris as part of Poland's Great Emigration. During the last 19 years of his life, Chopin performed only about 30 times, usually in a salon. He supported himself by selling his compositions and teaching piano. After a romantic relationship with Polish women, including an abortive engagement, from 1837 to 1847 he carried on a relationship with the French writer Amandine Dupin, better known as George Sand. 

Since he composed many piano pieces, he was called the poet of the piano. Most of Chopin's works are for solo piano, though he also wrote two piano concertos, a few chamber pieces and some songs to Polish lyrics. His piano works are often technically difficult, especially because deep expression is involved along with the importance of considering each detail in his music. Chopin also created the instrumental ballade, along with the addition of new ideas to the piano sonata, mazurka, waltz, nocturne, polonaise, étude, impromptu, scherzo and prélude. All of Chopin's works involve the piano, and for composing them he was using a number of them. While living in Warsaw, Chopin played on Buchholtz piano. Later in Paris he preferred an instrument from Pleyel. Both of these instruments were recreated in XXI century to help listeners to hear Chopin works played on pianos that they were written for. 

Chopin suffered from poor health most of his life and died of tuberculosis in Paris in 1849 at age 39.


Mikhail Glinka

Mikhail Ivanovich Glinka (1804–1857) was a Russian composer, regarded as the first to become very famous.

Russia is a very large country. In the 18th century there was a lot of music in Europe, but Russian people had not yet heard it. A lot of them were very poor and modern transport did not exist. By the time Glinka was born Russian people in the large towns like Saint Petersburg were becoming very interested in European music.

Mikhail Glinka was born in a little village called Novospasskoye. His father was a rich landowner. Glinka was brought up by his grandmother who looked after him very carefully. She was always afraid he would be cold, so she wrapped him up in a fur coat in a room which was kept at 77 °F. He was not often allowed to play in the fresh air. Later in his life Glinka was always worrying about his health.

It was a long way to the big cities from where the child lived. There was no radio in those days, and no CDs. The only music he heard was the church bells, and the singing of the peasants (the simple people who worked on the land). They sang folksongs and made up harmony underneath the tunes.

After his grandmother died he was allowed to travel 6 miles to his uncle’s home. His uncle had a group of musicians who played music by European composers like Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven. He had never heard such music before.

When he was 13 he went to school in St Petersburg. Now he could hear lots of music and meet some good musicians. He had piano lessons and spent a lot of time at parties. He started to compose some songs.

In 1830 he went to Italy. Italy was famous for its music, especially for opera. Glinka met famous composers like Mendelssohn and Berlioz as well as Italian composers like Donizetti and Bellini. He like their music, and decided he wanted to write opera as well, but he wanted to make his music sound very Russian.

Glinka went back to Russia. He wrote two great operas. The first one was called "Ivan Susanin". The story of the opera, set in 1612, is about a poor peasant Ivan Susanin who dies to save the life of the Tsar (the Tsar was the ruler of Russia, like a king or emperor). The Tsar liked the opera and thought that it should be called "A Life for the Tsar". It was a big success when it was first performed in 1836.

He soon wrote his second opera: "Ruslan and Lyudmila". The story comes from a tale by the famous Russian poet Pushkin. The man who wrote the words for him did it very quickly while he was drunk, so the story is a bit muddled, but the music is wonderful. It is a fairy tale about a nasty dwarf Chernomor who has taken away a princess called Lyudmila. In the end Ruslan, the hero, rescues her. Some of the music sounds quite oriental. The overture that starts the opera is very famous.

Glinka also wrote piano music, songs and chamber music.

Glinka’s music is important because he was the first Russian composer to write music that sounded Russian. Later composers like Tchaikovsky were influenced by his music.


Ellipsoid

An ellipsoid is a shape like a sphere, but it may be longer in one or more directions, like a rugby ball. It is the 3 dimensional analogue of an ellipse.

The Earth is shaped slightly like an ellipsoid. Its shape is called an oblate spheroid. An ellipsoid shaped like the Earth, called a reference ellipsoid, is often preferred to the geoid because it makes calculations simpler.


Liancourt Rocks

The Liancourt Rocks are a group of small islands in the East Sea. In Korea they are called Dokdo. In Japan they are called Takeshima.

The islands are currently occupied under the South Korean armed police. The name Liancourt Rocks comes from the French whaling ship Liancourt. The people on the Liancourt made a map of the islands in 1849. Korea and Japan both say that the islands are theirs, and have for a long time. Japan has suggested asking the International Court of Justice to decide, but the South Korean government refused. 

Liancourt Rocks consists of two main islands and 35 smaller rocks. The main islands are called West Islet and East Islet. The western island is the larger of the two. There are about 90 islands and reefs total. The islands and rocks have a volcanic nature. 37 of these islands are recognized as permanent land. The eastern islands formed 4.5 million years ago. Ulleungdo formed 2 million years later. Both are eroding and weathering.

The total area of the islands is about 187,450 square meters. Their highest point is 169 meters on the western islet. The western islet is about 88,640 square meters in area; the eastern islet about 73,300 square meters. Liancourt Rocks is at about 131°52′ East longitude and about 37°14′ North latitude. The western islet is at and the eastern islet is at . The main islands coast lines are 217 km apart from mainland Korea and 212 km apart from main islands of Japan (Honshu). The nearest Korean territory (Ulleungdo) is 87 km away and can be seen on clear days; the nearest Japanese territory (Oki islands) is 157 km away.

The western island is made of a single peak. It has many caves along the coastline. The cliffs of the eastern island are about 10 to 20 meters high. There are two caves giving access to the sea, and a crater.

26 Korean people live on the islands. 20 of them are Korean police. Korean telecom service providers, SK Telecom, KT, and LG U+ have installed stations on Liancourt Rocks to cover the islands in the South Korean wireless telephone network. There is also regular ferry service from Ulleung-do. In 2022, 280,312 tourists visited the islands, about 500 visitors per day.

Although the islands themselves are barely habitable, the Exclusive Economic Zone surrounding them has rich fishing grounds and possible reserves of natural gas. As of 2006, the expected reserves had not been found. A wide variety of fish as well as seaweed, kelp, sea slugs, and clams live around the islets. Major fishery catches in the area are squid, Alaskan pollock, codfish, and octopus. There are 102 species of seaweed, although many of these have no economic value.

This area used to be one of the largest breeding grounds of sea lions ("Zalophus californianus japonicus") and a good spot for hunting them and also a spot for obtaining abalone at the end of the Meiji period (1868-1912). Until the 1950s, sea lions were observed on the islets by the voluntary guards.

Over 900 Korean citizens say that they live on the islands. Over 2,000 Japanese do the same. However, only two people, a married Korean couple, are living there permanently.

Because the government says the islands are a nature reserve, special permits are required for tourists to land on the islets rather than just circling them. There were 1,507 and 1,597 recorded tourists in 2003 and 2004 respectively. Visitors generally come by boat from Ulleungdo.

In 2005, the first wedding ceremony was held on the islets. The South Korean couple chose the location to protest against Japanese claims to the islands.

Due to the location of the isle, the weather of the Liancourt Rocks is known to be harsh. As a result, ships can not dock in winter as the north-western winds are too strong. T

he climate is warm and humid. It is heavily influenced by warm sea currents. There is a lot of rain throughout the year (annual average - 1324 mm), with occasional snowfall. Fog is common. In the summer, southerly winds dominate. The water around the islets is about 10 degrees Celsius in spring, when the water is coolest. It warms to about 25 degrees Celsius in August.

Like Ulleung-do, the islets are volcanic rocks, with only a thin layer of soil and moss. About 80 species of plants, over 22 species of birds, and 37 species of insects have been recorded on the islets, in addition to the local maritime life.

Since the early 1970s, trees and some types of flowers were planted along with the indigenous flora and fauna. (Trees are required under international law for the islands to be recognized as natural islands rather than reefs.)

Liancourt Rocks was declared "Natural Monument #336" by South Korea in the 1990s. Some birds actually live on the islands, but most are just using them as a stopover to fly elsewhere. The fork-tailed petrel, streaked shearwater, and black-tailed gulls live on the islands. The population of breeding birds counted on the rocks, however, has been declining in recent years.

In 1999, the islands were designated a special environmental protected area by the South Korean government. They are older than any other Korean volcanic islands, including Ulleungdo.

It was announced in 2005 that three new genera and five new species of bacteria had been identified by Korean scientists in the waters off the islets. The genera are "Dokdonella koreensis", "Dokdonia donghaenensis", and "Donghae dokdoensis". The newly identified species are "Virgilbacillus dokdoensis", "Maribacter dokdoensis", "Marimonas dokdoensis", "Polaribacter dokdoensis", and "Porphyrobacter dokdoensis".

The islets are of importance not only for economic reasons, but also for military ones. They have occasionally served as a military base, most notably during the Russo-Japanese War. The South Korean government has built a radar station and helicopter landing pad on the islets, enabling it to track foreign naval forces.



Pentagram

A pentagram is a five-pointed star, with all lines the same length and all angles the same. A 'pentangle', 'star pentagon', or 'pentalpha' means the same thing. It is a type of pentagon.

The word "pentacle" originally meant 'any symbol that defies against pureness spirits'. There are many of such symbols, only a few of which include a pentagram. During the modern age of Wicca, the word 'pentacle' acquired a second definition, due to sounding similar to the word 'pentagram', and the fact that wiccan pentacles use a pentagram. That second definition of 'pentacle' is 'a circumscribed pentagram', which means 'a pentagram drawn inside a circle so that the points of the pentagram touch the circle'.

The pentagram has been portrayed as a satanic symbol in popular media.

In ancient times, the pentagram was used as a Christian symbol. It stood for the five wounds that Jesus Christ received during his crucifixion (the nails in each hand and foot, and the spear wound in his side).

In the past, the pentagram was commonly seen as a symbol for good and for protection against evil.

One of the earliest recorded uses for the pentagram was by the Pythagoreans as a sign of initiation for its mathematical relation to the golden ratio and common presence in naturally occurring shapes. 

In Taoism, a pentagram shows how the five classical oriental elements (earth, water, wood, fire, and metal) are related.

Today, the pentacle, commonly mistaken as a pentagram, is the most commonly used symbol of Wicca. Some post-Gardnerian wiccans, imitating Taoism, associate the five points of the pentagram with the four classical Greek elements (fire, water, earth, and air) and spirit.

Some Satanists, especially members of the Church of Satan, use an upside-down pentacle as a symbol for their religion. The Church of Satan's official symbol is an upside-down pentacle with a goat head inside, called the "Sigil of Baphomet." (A 'sigil' is a symbol of a supernatural being). It was originally the influential 1800s French occultist Eliphas Levi who associated the pentagram with the goat-headed baphomet, by drawing a pentagram on the baphomet's forehead. Anton LaVey, who created the Church of Satan in 1966, took the idea from Levi.

In "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight," a 14th century romance story, the pentagram is mentioned as a symbol for Gawain's good character and truth.

More recently, the meaning of the pentagram was discussed in "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown. According to the book, the pentagram actually belonged to the ancient religion of Pagan Sun Worship, and was tied to the female planet Venus: every 8 years Venus traces a perfect pentagram across the sky. The book says that the pentagram was a symbol for the sacred female, but was later taken by Christianity and said to mean the devil in order to destroy beliefs that females were sacred.
A pentacle is on the flag of Morocco, as well as Ethiopia's.

Benzene

Benzene, also known as benzol, is an organic chemical compound with the formula CH. It is a colorless and flammable liquid with a sweet smell. Benzene molecules are a ring of six carbon atoms that are each bonded to one hydrogen atom. It is an "aromatic" compound, meaning the ring has alternating double bonds. 

Benzene is carcinogenic, which means it can cause cancer. It has many real-world uses. It is used as an additive in gasoline, plastics, synthetic rubber, dyes and it is an industrial solvent, which means it can dissolve many other chemical molecules. Benzene is also a natural part of crude oil and is therefore present in gasoline. Many medicines contain parts made from benzene.
Benzene has special properties called aromaticity. All six carbon atoms in the ring are on the same flat plane. To account for all the bonds on a six carbon ring, there must be alternating double carbon bonds (Conjugated system):

If benzene had three double bonds, three sides of its ring would be shorter than the other three sides. X-ray diffraction shows that all of six carbon-carbon bonds in benzene are of the same length of 140 picometres (pm). The C–C bond lengths are greater than a double bond (135 pm) but shorter than a single bond (147 pm). This intermediate distance is consistent with electron delocalization: the electrons for C–C bonding are distributed equally between each of the six carbon atoms. The molecule is planar. One representation is that the structure exists as a superposition of so-called resonance structures, rather than either form individually. (In other words, the molecule's double bonds switch quickly between pairs of carbon atoms.) The delocalization of electrons is one explanation for the thermodynamic stability of benzene and related aromatic compounds. It is likely that this stability contributes to the peculiar molecular and chemical properties known as aromaticity. To indicate the delocalized nature of the bonding, benzene is often depicted with a circle inside a hexagonal arrangement of carbon atoms.

As is common in organic chemistry, the carbon atoms in the diagram above have been left unlabeled. Realizing each carbon has 2p electrons, each carbon donates an electron into the delocalized ring above and below the benzene ring. It is the overlap of p-orbitals both above and below the ring that produces the pi clouds.

In 1986, some chemists disputed the delocalized view of benzene in an article published in the journal "Nature". They showed that the electrons in benzene are almost certainly localized to particular carbon atoms. They showed the aromatic properties of benzene come from spin coupling rather than electron delocalization. Other scientists wrote articles to support this view in "Nature" in 1987. But, chemists are slow to switch from the delocalized electrons view.

Derivatives of benzene occur sufficiently often as a component of organic molecules that there is a Unicode symbol in the Miscellaneous Technical block with the code U+232C (⌬) to represent it with three double bonds, and U+23E3 (⏣) for a delocalized version.

Tasmanian devil

The Tasmanian devil ("Sarcophilus harrisii") is a meat eating mammal. It is a marsupial, which means it has a small pouch to carry its babies. It is the largest meat eating marsupial in the world. It is nocturnal, which means it sleeps during the day and is awake during the night. Tasmanian devils now live only in Tasmania, an island state of Australia.

The devil is the same size as a small dog with a wide head and a short tail. Male devils can weigh 12 kg and be 30 cm tall. It has black fur and makes a loud and very scary screeching noise. It will hunt other animals and also feed on dead animals. The devil has strong teeth and jaws and will eat all its prey, even bones and fur.

The Tasmanian devil became extinct on the Australian mainland about 3,000 years ago - before European settlement in 1788. They were hunted in Tasmania. In the 1930s the Van Dieman's Land Company offered 25 cents for each male and 35 cents for each female killed. In 1941 they became officially protected.

In 1996 the devils began to get very sick and then die with large tumours on their faces. Devil facial tumour disease has greatly reduced the number of devils and now threatens their survival. In some areas 85% of devils have been found with the disease. In the places where the tumours were seen first, devil numbers have dropped by 95%. The tumour is spread by biting. Because the devils are all closely related (not enough genetic diversity), the tumour cells are not seen as new; so the devil's immune system does not fight it. In May 2008 the Tasmanian devil was listed as endangered. Programs are being tried by the Tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease. About 60 devils without the disease have been captured and are to be kept as a tumour free group for rebreeding. Scientists have been looking at ways to give the devils immunity but so far this has not worked.

New research is showing the devils are having babies earlier, they use to breed at two years, but now are breeding at one year old. Devils used to have babies every year for three years, but they are now dying before they can produce a second litter (family).

The devils have a low genetic diversity which is consistent with a 'founder effect'. What this means is: a small number colonised Tasmania from Australia at some stage. So their genetic variety was much less than the parent population. Disease like the present may have happened before, and reduced the population to a small number. These events are called 'population bottlenecks'. A small population which carries less variation is always vulnerable to extinction, because none of the animals may be resistant to the infection.

Its genome was sequenced in 2010 by the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute. There is some hope for their survival because, since 2005, three females have been found that are partially resistant to the disease.


Joseph Haydn

Franz Joseph Haydn (31 March 1732 – 31 May 1809) was an Austrian composer. He was one of the most famous composers in the Classical music period. He is often called the "Father of the Symphony." He also taught Ludwig van Beethoven and a friend of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (Mozart considered him a mentor).

Haydn's father made wheels for a living. He had the skills of a blacksmith, stonemason, and carpenter. He used that skill in his spare time to make musical instruments for his family to play. The Haydn family would give informal weekend concerts. One of Joseph's relatives thought that Joseph had a great singing voice and should go with him to a boarding school where he would start studying to become a priest.

Haydn did not like it very much at the boarding school, but his voice developed to a point where he was selected to be a part of the Boy's Choir of the Vienna Cathedral. He stayed there until his voice changed. Haydn made a living teaching lessons and playing in the streets for handouts until he met Nicola Porpora, who hired Haydn as an accompanist and general servant. 

Eventually Haydn got a job working for Nicholas Esterhazy. He worked for the Esterhazys for over 30 years. He wrote symphonies, string quartets, operas, piano sonatas, and other pieces.

After he was released from his duties with the Esterhazys, Haydn travelled to London. Even at the age of 60 he was still active and wrote some of his most famous symphonies there. While in London, he heard Handel's Messiah, and was inspired to write two oratorios of his own, The Seasons and The Creation. While working on these oratorios in Vienna, Haydn gave lessons to Ludwig van Beethoven. Beethoven had first wanted to study with Mozart, but by the time Beethoven was ready to study in Vienna, Mozart had died.

The house in Vienna where Haydn wrote his oratorios has been turned into a museum called 'Haydnhaus'. There visitors can see the piano by Anton Walter that composer was using for writing music. Haydn was so well-respected in Vienna that he was known as "Papa Haydn" and his influence on music was profound and great.

Scale (music)

In music, a scale is a set of notes in order of their pitch (that is, their frequency). If the scale starts with the note which has the lowest pitch and goes up to the note with the highest pitch, the scale is called "ascending". If the scale starts with the note which has the highest pitch and goes down to the note with the lowest pitch, the scale is called "descending". Scales are often the same both ascending and descending, but this is not always true. Very often, a scale is defined over an interval (such as an octave). The most common scales use intervals of five, six or seven different notes.

On a piano, there are white keys and black keys. If we start on the note "C" and play each white key going up until we come to the next "C", we have played the "C Major" scale. It has eight notes because there are eight notes from each "C" to the next one: "C", "D", "E", "F", "G", "A", "B", "C".

The note played by each black key has two names: it can be named by the note after it, or the note before it. For example, the black key after "C" can be called "C♯" (C-sharp). "Sharp" means higher in pitch. That same note can also be called "D♭" (D-flat) because it is the note before "D". "Flat" means lower in pitch. 

There are half steps (or semitones) between two keys next to each other on the piano. The key to the right plays a note half a step higher (sharp) and the key to the left plays a note half a step lower (flat). So between the third and the fourth note, and between the seventh and eighth note, there is only half a step. Starting the scale at the next white key (D), two black keys will need to be touched to get the same scale, the first one for the third note, the second for the seventh note: "D", "E", "F♯", "G", "A", "B", "C♯", "D". The pattern for an ascending major scale is up a whole step, up another whole step and then a half step, then a whole step, a whole step and another whole step, then half a step to complete the octave. This is often shown as: WWHWWWH or TTSTTTS (where "T" stands for "tone" and "S" stands for "semitone"). 

Scales use either just sharps or just flats when choosing between the two names for the same note, when this is possible. In a scale of seven different notes, each letter is used only once. This means that some scales have one or two notes named with a sharp or a flat even though they are played by white keys. In the "C♯" Major scale, for example, all the notes have names with a sharp: "C♯", "D♯", "E♯", "F♯", "G♯", "A♯", "B♯", "C♯". In this scale, "E♯" is the name for the note played by the key that plays "F" and the "B♯" is the name for the note played by the key that plays "C". The same notes are used in the "D♭" Major scale, but they all have different names: "D♭", "E♭", "F", "G♭", "A♭", "B♭", "C", "D♭".

Sometimes the major scale is sung to the words "do, re, mi, fa, so, la, ti, do" ("solfège"). In the musical "The Sound of Music", Maria teaches the children to sing by teaching them a song called "Doe, a deer, a female deer". Each line starts on the next note of the scale and uses a different English word for each note ("doe", "ray", "me", "far", "sew", "la" and "tea").

There are also minor scales. These work the same way as major scales, but use different patterns of intervals:

Traditional western music generally uses seven notes, and repeats the first note (an octave higher or lower) to complete the octave.

During the Middle Ages, and the Renaisssance, the diatonic scale (the white keys of the piano) was used most often. Black keys (called accidentals) were less common. The classical period (1600 to 1900) generally used major and minor scales, as outlined above. Natural minor was used less. From about 1900, there are other scales, for example the chromatic scale (12 half tones).

Orthology (language)

Orthology is the study of the right use of words in language. The word comes from Greek "ortho"- ("correct") and -"logy" ("science of"). This science is a place where psychology, philosophy, linguistics, and many otherwife fields of learning come together. The most noted use of "Orthology" is for the selection of words 
for the language of Basic English by the Orthological Institute.

The book, "The Meaning of Meaning", by C.K. Ogden and I.A. Richards, is an important book dealing with orthology. The term "Orthology" comes from the book "The Grammar of Science" by Karl Pearson.

1712

1712 was a leap year starting on a Friday of the Gregorian calendar.

Toei Company

Toei Company, Ltd. (東映株式会社 "Tōei Kabushiki-gaisha" (pronounced "toe ay") is a Japanese film, television production, and  distribution corporation. Based in Tokyo, Toei owns and operates thirty-four movie theaters across Japan, studios at Tokyo and Kyoto; and is a shareholder in several television companies. It is notable for anime franchises such as "Dragon Ball Z", "YoRo RoYo", "One Piece" and "Sailor Moon", live action dramas known as tokusatsu, and historical dramas.

Tokyo-Yokohama Films (東横映画 "Tō-Yoko Eiga", incorporated in 1938, had previously erected its facilities immediately east of the Tōkyū Tōyoko Line, they managed the Tōkyū Shibuya Yokohama studio system prior to V-J Day. From 1945 through the Toei merger, Tokyo-Yokohama Films leased from the Daiei Motion Picture Company a second studio in Kyoto. Through the merger, they gained the combined talents and experience of different actors. On October 1, 1950, the Tokyo Film Distribution Company was incorporated; in 1951 the company purchased Ōizumi Films.

In 1956, Toei established an animation division, Toei Animation at the former Tokyo-Ōizumi animation studio, purchasing the assets of Japan Animated Films (originally founded in 1948)

Toei was a pioneer in the use of transformation in live-action martial-arts dramas, a technique developed for the "Kamen Rider", "Metal Heroes" and "Super Sentai" series; The genre currently continues with "Kamen Rider" and "Super Sentai".

On April 6, 2020, Toei create their official YouTube Channel and uploading some of the oldest tokusatsu series (from the 50s to 90s).


Naoko Takeuchi

Naoko Takeuchi (武内直子 Takeuchi Naoko), born March 15, 1967, is a manga artist from Japan. She lives in Tokyo. She wrote the manga Sailor Moon, which was so popular it was made into an anime, musicals, video games and more. Her husband, Yoshihiro Togashi, is the creator of "YuYu Hakusho" and "Hunter × Hunter".

Kimigayo

"Kimigayo" (Kanji: 君が代, Katakana: きみがよ, , meaning "His Imperial Majesty's Reign") is the national anthem of Japan. The anthem is based on a poem written by an unknown poet from Japan about one thousand years ago. The music was composed more recently, about two hundred years ago; however, it had to be rewritten shortly afterwards, because the original tune was unpopular.

Although popular for a long period and sung in situations where people from other countries would usually sing their country's national anthem, "Kimigayo" was only considered as Japan's official national anthem in 1999. The law that stated this also defined the Flag of Japan in a similar way.

The national anthem of Japan is one of the shortest national anthems in the world, containing only thirty-two syllables. Because it is so short, the anthem is normally played very slowly.


April Fools' Day

April Fools' Day (also known as April Fool's Day) is celebrated in many countries on April 1 every year. On this day, practical jokes (or "April Fools") are played on friends and family. The jokes are done to embarrass them. In some countries, April Fools only last until noon, and if someone plays a joke after, they are an April Fool.

People have set aside a special day for playing jokes for centuries. The ancient Romans had a holiday called Hilaria.

In the Middle Ages, New Year's Day was celebrated on March 25 in most European towns. In some areas of France, New Year's was a week-long holiday ending on April 1. Some people think that April Fools' started because those who celebrated on January 1 made fun of those who celebrated on other dates.

This custom makes no sense at all until one remembers how much colder the climate was before the 19th/20th century. Great rivers like the Thames were frozen over in the winter, and young people used to skate on them in wintertime. 

In the U.K., a person playing a joke would yell "April Fool!" at the recipient. According to tradition, the joking was supposed to stop at midday.

In the Nordic countries, many news outlets would publish or broadcast a fake news story on April 1. 

In France, an April fools joke is called a "Poisson d'Avril'. One tradition there is to try and stick a paper fish on one's friends back, and shout "Poisson d'Avril!' when it is discovered.

Sometimes a large media corporation would broadcast or publish a fake news story on April 1. For example, in 1957 the BBC broadcast a story about spaghetti trees. According to the story, people in Switzerland grew spaghetti on trees. Later, many people called the BBC asking how they could get a spaghetti tree.

Baroque music

Baroque music is a set of styles of European classical music which were in use between about 1600 and 1750 during the Baroque period.

The word "Baroque" is used in other art forms besides music: we talk about Baroque architecture, painting, sculpture, dance and literature. The Baroque period comes between the Renaissance and the period of Classicism.

Musicians think of the Baroque period as starting around 1600. The famous Renaissance composers Palestrina and Lassus had died a few years earlier. Claudio Monteverdi wrote some music in Renaissance style, and other music in Baroque style. Opera was being invented. It was a time of musical change.

The change from writing music in the Baroque style to the Classical style was much more gradual. 1750 is the year that Bach died, so it is an easy date to choose for the end of the Baroque period.

The Baroque was a time when people liked large spaces and a lot of ornamentation. This can be seen in the architecture of famous buildings such as St. Peter's Basilica, Rome, or St. Paul’s Cathedral, London. They were built at this time. In Venice there were churches with galleries on either side of the church. Composers liked to write music for two groups of musicians placed in opposite galleries. Giovanni Gabrieli wrote a lot of music like this.

The idea of two contrasting groups was used a lot in Baroque music. Composers wrote concertos. These were pieces for orchestra and a solo instrument. Sometimes a concerto contrasted a group of soloists with the rest of the orchestra. These are called by the Italian name "Concerti Grossi. Bach's Brandenburg Concertos are good examples.

Organs, and some harpsichords, had at least two manuals (keyboards). The player could change from one manual to the other, contrasting two different sounds.

Baroque music was often a melody with a bass line at the bottom. This could be, for example, a singer and a cello. There was also a harpsichord or organ that played the bass line as well, and made up chords in between. Often the composer did not bother to write out all the chords (harmonies) but just showed some of the chords by figures, leaving it to the performer to decide exactly which notes to play. This is called “figured bass” or “basso continuo”. The soloist, who played or sang the melody on top, often put in lots of ornamental notes. Again: the composer did not write this all down but left it to the performer to improvise something nice around the notes he had written.

Because composers were now writing opera it was important for the audience to hear the words clearly. In the Renaissance the groups of a choir were often singing several different words using different melodies all at once. This was called “polyphony”. Polyphony was widely used in instrumental music, but was not used in opera, which needed to tell a story without being confusing.

When a soloist in an opera sings a song (an aria) the aria is in a particular mood. They called this “affection”. There were several “affections” or moods: there were arias about revenge, jealousy, anger, love, despair, peaceful happiness etc. Each movement in a concerto also had one particular mood. Music from later periods is different. For example: Haydn in the Classical Period would often change its mood during a piece.

The Baroque suite is a collection of dance movements written in the style of Baroque music. There is an accepted standard order in which the dances are performed. The five primary dances are the Overture, Allemande, Courante, Sarabande and Gigue. Many times a composer would add a Prelude before all the dances. Sometimes a composer would add another piece in between the Sarabande and the Gigue.

There are many exceptions to the standard order, but the order of Prelude, Allemande, Courante, Sarabande, Other, and Gigue is most common. This can be easily remembered by the acronym PACSOG.

Here are a few of the most important composers of the Baroque period:






Canyon

A canyon (or gorge) is a big crack in the ground, or a very deep valley. Most canyons are made by rivers. A few are made by earthquakes. They can be big, like the Grand Canyon, or small.

Canyons can be formed by erosion by running water which will take rocks and soil away.

Pattern language

Pattern language is used to mean a system of patterns that have a certain meaning other than just the pattern.

The pattern can be a pattern which has a hidden meaning shown through any sense like sight, sound, touch, taste and smell.

The most obvious form of sight-based pattern language comes in the form of writing. Nearly every language has a unique written form, which grammatically follows the spoken form.

National Maritime Day

In the United States, National Maritime Day is held every May 22 to honor people who have served in the United States Merchant Marine service.

The first National Maritime Day was May 22, 1933, based on a joint resolution passed by the United States Congress on May 20, 1933. Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first President to issue a proclamation about the day.

The biggest National Maritime Day celebration was in 1946, the first National Maritime Day after the Allied Powers won World War II. That year, governors of many U.S. states also officially named the day National Maritime Day or "Maritime Day" for their state. The first National Maritime Day after the end of the Korean War, in 1954, was also more widely celebrated than most.

In the 2006 annual proclamation by president George W. Bush, he made special mention of the Merchant Marine service's hurricane aid work following Hurricane Katrina and the other hurricanes of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.


Nuclear fusion

Nuclear fusion is the process of making a single heavy nucleus (part of an atom) from two lighter nuclei. This process is called a nuclear reaction. It releases a large amount of energy.

The nucleus made by fusion is heavier than either of the starting nuclei. However, it is not as heavy as the combination of the original mass of the starting nuclei (atoms). This lost mass is changed into lots of energy. This is shown in Einstein's famous "E=mc" equation.

Fusion happens in the middle of stars, like the Sun. Hydrogen atoms are fused together to make helium. This releases lots of energy. This energy powers the heat and light of the star.
Not all elements can be joined. Heavier elements are less easily joined than lighter ones. Iron (a metal) cannot fuse with other atoms. This is what causes stars to die. Stars join all of their atoms together to make heavier atoms of different types, until they make iron. The iron nucleus cannot fuse further because of its high nuclear binding energy. The reactions stop. The star eventually cools and dies.

On Earth it is very difficult to start nuclear fusion reactions that release more energy than is needed to start the reaction. The reason is that fusion reactions only happen at high temperature and pressure, like in the Sun, because both nuclei have a positive charge, and positive repels positive. The only way to stop the repulsion is to make the nuclei hit each other at very high speeds. They only do that at high pressure and temperature. The only successful approach so far has been in nuclear weapons. The hydrogen bomb uses an atomic (fission) bomb to start fusion reactions. Scientists and engineers have been trying for decades to find a safe and working way of controlling and containing fusion reactions to generate electricity. They still have many challenges to overcome before fusion power can be used as a clean source of energy.


Concertmaster

The Concertmaster (American English) or leader (British English) is the most important violinist in an orchestra. He or she will sit in the front seat, by the conductor's left. The word "concertmaster" comes from the German "Konzertmeister".

The leader will be the highest paid member of the orchestra. He has to decide how the violins will play the music and write in the bowing. He will decide where each member of the violins should sit. He will probably also interview them and offer them the job in the orchestra. He will talk to the conductor about anything the orchestra are not happy about (he may have to remind the conductor when it is time to stop the rehearsal!). If part of the music is marked "solo" then he will play it as a solo while the other violins stop playing.

In the United States it is usual for the concertmaster to be on the platform before the concert and to tell the orchestra to tune their instruments, playing on his A string to give them the correct pitch. In European orchestras it is usually the oboe that gives an A for tuning. In Britain the leader usually comes on stage after the orchestra have tuned, and gets an applause.

"of the past:"
"of today":

Mutual assured destruction

Mutual assured destruction (MAD) is a military strategy in which two opposing military forces are powerful enough to completely destroy each other. It should help to avoid a nuclear war. This usually happens when both forces have nuclear weapons. If a state attacks another with nuclear weapons, the state attacked will potentially be able to attack back. The attacker must think that he will be destroyed with his victim if he attacks. The theory is that no state would start an attack if attacking its enemy means its own destruction.

The concept was discussed by Herman Kahn. It was part of the background to the film "Dr. Strangelove".

Stairway to Heaven

Stairway to Heaven was a 1971 song by Led Zeppelin. It was on the album Led Zeppelin IV.

Some listeners claim that by reversing the song, a hidden Satanic message is revealed. The message is:

Oh, here's to my sweet Satan<br>
The one whose little path would make me sad whose power is Satan<br>
He'll give, he'll give you 666<br>
There was a little toolshed where he made us suffer, sad Satan

It's unlikely such a message was intentionally hidden in the song; rather, it is just a bizarre coincidence.


Thin Lizzy

Thin Lizzy are an Irish hard rock band that started in Dublin in 1969. Up to 1984 the band were led by bassist, songwriter and singer Phil Lynott (1949-1986). The band's famous song "The Boys Are Back in Town" is still played a lot on classic rock radio stations. Since Lynott's death, other former members have carried on using the band name.

Phil Lynott wrote most of the band's songs. The band's music showed many musical styles including: country music, psychedelic rock, Celtic music and folk music which Lynott mixed with hard rock and heavy metal styles.

Thin Lizzy were listed at number 51 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock".

Aziz al-Abub

Aziz al-Abub (a.k.a. Ibrahim al-Nadhir or al-Nahdhir) was a Lebanese Hezbollah psychiatrist and mind control expert.

Aziz was a disciple of Ewen Cameron and a graduate of the Soviet Union's that specialized in mind control techniques.

Aziz al-Abub used mind-control, drugs and physical torture in the infamous 444-day (1984-1985) torture and mental derangement of American in Beirut.

Hobbit

Hobbits are a fictional race in the Middle-earth world invented by J. R. R. Tolkien, also often called "halflings".

They appeared in the books "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings". Several important main characters in those books are hobbits, such as Bilbo Baggins and Frodo Baggins. 

Hobbits (or similar beings) have become very popular and are now often used in fantasy fiction and (video) games.

Hobbits are like small humans between two and four foot tall (between 60 and 120 centimeters). They have hair/fur on the top side of their feet, leathery foot-soles, and slightly pointed ears. They tend to be stout and often have brown and curly hair. Male hobbits do not have beards. Hobbits live longer compared to humans, and many hobbits reach the age of 100.

Hobbits are a peaceful people and live a simple, pre-industrial life in the land which they call The Shire, and also in Bree-land.

A typical hobbit-house has a long hallway with rooms on both sides, and round doors and windows. Originally these were underground in hills, then the house was called a "smial"; but this architecture(style of building) is also used for 'normal' houses above ground.


Bilbo Baggins

Bilbo Baggins is a Hobbit from "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings". He is a major protagonist of "The Hobbit" and a minor protagonist of "The Lord of the Rings".

Bilbo Baggins was greeted by Gandalf the Grey and a group of 13 Dwarves known as the Company of Thorin Oakenshield. He was offered to help them to take back Erebor from the dragon Smaug. At the Misty Mountain, he landed at a cave and met Gollum. He took Gollum's One Ring and went back to his Company. Decades after returning from Erebor, he celebrated his 111th birthday as well as his nephew Frodo's birthday. He wanted to keep the One Ring.

In Peter Jackson's movie adaptations of both books, Bilbo was played by Martin Freeman when he was younger and Ian Holm when he was older.

Middle-earth

Middle-earth is a fictional fantasy world invented by J. R. R. Tolkien. Several of his books take place there, such as "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings". It is supposed to be a long gone mythological time of our earth.

Although Middle-earth is only one continent in Tolkien's world, it is often used for the whole fictional world and all stories Tolkien invented for it. Tolkien created and worked on Middle-earth through most of his life, and it is this creation for which he is most famous.

Middle-earth has its own geography, several different species and peoples (elves, dwarves, humans, hobbits), their languages, and a history that spans thousands of years. The stories of Middle-earth are also a kind of 'artificial myth'.

"Middle-earth" is called "Endor" (or "Endóre") and "Ennor" in the fictional Elvish languages Quenya and Sindarin.

The oldest people of Middle-earth are the immortal Elves. Second were the Dwarves. After them came mortal Men. In the Third Age, there appeared another people, the Hobbits. There are also the tree-like Ents.

The history of the Middle-earth world is thousands of years long. Sometimes, when big historical events happen, a new "Age" is begun, which starts counting again with the year 1.



Arnold Rosé

Arnold Josef Rosé (October 24, 1863 – August 25, 1946) was a famous violinist. He was the leader (concertmaster) of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for 50 years.

Arnold Rosé was born in Iaşi (Jassy) in what is now Romania. His family was Jewish. Their name at that time was Rosenblum. He had three brothers. All four boys were musical and so his parents decided to move to Vienna which was a big city in Austria where there was lots of music. Arnold’s father was a carriage builder. In those days people often travelled by horse and cart. His father made good quality carriages and he made plenty of money from his business.

When Arnold was seven he started music lessons. When he was ten he was good enough to study the violin at the Vienna Conservatorium which was a special school for musical pupils.

In 1881 he played a violin solo with a famous orchestra and famous conductor: the Vienna Philharmonic under Hans Richter. The piece he played was the Violin Concerto by Otto Goldmark. Soon he was offered the job of orchestral leader. This was a very important position for such a young man. He stayed in that job for 50 years!

Rosé did other things as well as playing with the orchestra. He gave violin lessons to talented pupils. He like to play string quartets and he got together with three other players to make up the Rosé Quartet. They were very good and for more than half a century people said they were the best string quartet in Europe. Arnold’s brother Eduard was the cellist in the quartet. They played works by lots of composers, especially Haydn, Mozart and Ludwig van Beethoven. Rosé knew the composer Johannes Brahms and they played some of Brahms’s compositions when they had only just been written, e.g. the clarinet quintet (for clarinet and string quartet). The Rosé Quartet also knew the composer Schoenberg and helped him to get well known by playing his music.

Another composer Rosé knew very well was Gustav Mahler. Mahler had two sisters. Arnold Rosé married one of them, and his brother Eduard married the other.

Arnold was kept very busy at his job as leader of the orchestra. The orchestra played in the concert hall as well as for the opera. At one special concert lots of flowers and plants had been brought in to the concert hall. The orchestra were busy playing when Arnold noticed people were looking at his shoes. He thought maybe he had an odd pair of shoes on. When he looked down at his feet he saw a mouse sitting there.

Arnold and his wife Justine had a son and a daughter who both became musicians. They had plenty of money to live quite comfortably. He was given the title of Royal and Imperial Court Musician, and he had a special court carriage to take him to the opera. He also had a carriage of his own with a footman in livery (uniform) to drive him about.

However, things changed in 1938. The Nazis took over Austria and made life very difficult for Jewish people. They were in great danger. In the autumn his wife died and Arnold had to save his life by going to England. He stayed there for most of his remaining years. He died in London.


Pontiac Silverdome

The Pontiac Silverdome is a domed stadium in the town of Pontiac, Michigan, near Detroit. It opened in 1975 and closed in 2007. The largest crowds to come to the stadium were for WrestleMania III on March 29, 1987, where the main event was a match between Hulk Hogan and André the Giant. The crowd attendance for that night reached 93,173, which is also the record for indoor attendance. The Detroit Lions NFL team played at the stadium from 1975 until 2001.

Estonian language

The Estonian language () is a Uralic language. It is mainly spoken in Estonia. The Estonian language is similar to Finnish and is one of the few national languages of Europe not to be an Indo-European language. 

The Estonian alphabet uses the Latin alphabet. It has many vowels, including Ö, Ä, Õ and Ü.

It has been influenced by and adopted many words from German and Swedish. The Estonian language also has different dialects. 

Chromosome

The chromosomes of a cell are in the cell nucleus. They carry the genetic information. Chromosomes are made up of DNA and protein combined as chromatin. Each chromosome contains many genes. Chromosomes come in pairs: one set from the mother; the other set from the father. Cytologists label chromosomes with numbers.

Chromosomes are present in every cell nucleus with very few and special exceptions. This means they are found in all eukaryotes, since only eukaryotes have cell nuclei. When eukaryote cells divide, the chromosomes also divide. 

When a somatic (body) cell (such as a muscle cell) divides, the process is called mitosis. Before mitosis, the cell copies all the chromosomes and then it can divide. When they duplicate, chromosomes look like the letter "X". When they are doubled, the two halves are called chromatids (see diagram). The chromatids are joined at the centromere.

There are 46 chromosomes in a human as 23 pairs. Everyone has a set of chromosomes from their father and a set from their mother. They include a pair of sex chromosomes. The mother's eggs always contain an X chromosome, while the father's sperm contains either a Y chromosome or an X chromosome. That determines the sex of the child. If the child gets a Y chromosome from the father it is male. If it gets an X from the father, it is female.

To produce sex cells (gametes), the stem cells go through a different division process called meiosis. This reduces the 23 pairs (diploid) to 23 singles (haploid). These, when combined by fertilisation, produce the new set of 23 pairs.

Different animals have different numbers of chromosomes. If a person does not have the usual number of chromosomes, they may die or have one or more peculiarities. For example, they might get a genetic disorder like Down syndrome (extra chromosome 21), or Klinefelter syndrome (a male with two X chromosomes). Some genetic disorders are more common than others.

Polytene chromosomes are over-sized chromosomes which have developed from standard chromosomes. Specialized cells undergo repeated rounds of DNA replication without cell division (endomitosis). Polytene chromosomes form when multiple rounds of replication produce many sister chromatids that are stuck together in parallel.

Polytene chromosomes are found in "Drosophila" species and in nonbiting midges. They also occur in arthropods of the class Collembola, ciliate protozoa, early stages of mammalian embryos, and suspensor cells in plants.

Polytene cells have a metabolic function. Multiple copies of genes allows a high level of gene expression. In "Drosophila", for example, the chromosomes of the larval salivary glands have many rounds of endoreduplication. 

Chromosome puffs (seen in diagram) are diffused uncoiled regions of the polytene chromosome. They are sites of active transcription.


Giovanni Gabrieli

Giovanni Gabrieli (probably born Venice (date unknown), about 1553 - 57; died 21 August 1612, in Venice) was an Italian organist and composer. 

He was very famous in his day and composed a great deal of church music; motets and madrigals. He lived at the end of the Renaissance period and beginning of the Baroque.

About 1575, Giovanni began working for Orlando di Lasso at the Bavarian court, as his uncle Andres Gabrieli had before him. Little is known of his time in Munich, and he left in 1579 after the death of his patron, Duke Albrecht. There is no record of Gabrieli's activities until 1584 when he'd returned to Venice. That year he replaced organist Claudio Merulo at Basilica di San Marco, church of Venice's patron saint. Due to Merulo's resignation, a contest was eventually held January 1, 1585 to fill his post, which Gabrieli won, having already occupied the position anyway. Giovanni and his uncle, who had raised him and taught him music, worked together only a short time at the church before Andres died in August 1585. Giovanni held his post until he died in 1612.

Also in 1585 Giovanni had been appointed as organist of Scuola Grande di San Rocco, where he composed ceremonial music.

During all this, he was also a music teacher. Heinrich Schutz was one of his students.

Giovanni is well known for being one of the first composers who specified volume markings and instrumentation in music.


Arcangelo Corelli

Arcangelo Corelli (17 February 1653 8 January 1713) was an Italian violinist and composer. He composed some of the most important Italian music of the Baroque period. He was also very famous as a violin player. Other violinists learned from his style of playing and developed the art of playing the violin. His works include sonatas and concerti grossi.

Henry Purcell

Henry Purcell (born in Westminster, ; died in Westminster, 21 November 1695) was an English composer. Many musicians think he is the greatest English composer of all time. Although he only lived until he was 36, he wrote a large amount of music. His compositions include church music, instrumental music, music for the theatre, even popular drinking songs. He wrote the first English opera. He lived in the time called the Baroque period. He liked Italian and French music, and combined those styles to make something that was typically English.

We do not know very much about Purcell’s childhood. His mother’s name was Elizabeth. In 1664, Henry Purcell senior died and the widow took her children to live with her brother in law, Thomas Purcell, who was very kind to them. Thomas Purcell was a gentleman of the Chapel Royal which meant that he sang in the king’s choir. Soon Henry was singing in the Chapel Royal. This was the best musical training a boy could have in England. His teachers were Captain Henry Cooke, and then Pelham Humfrey. Henry sang in the choir until his voice broke in 1673. He was then given the job of looking after the king’s musical instruments. 

Purcell may have been composing already when he was nine. We know that he wrote an ode for the King's birthday in 1670. When Humfrey died Purcell studied with the famous composer John Blow. He went to Westminster School. In 1676 he was made organist at Westminster Abbey. He started writing music for the theatre. He also wrote church music, including an anthem for a singer called John Gostling who had a very good, deep bass voice. Purcell wrote several anthems for him during his life. One is called "They that go down to the sea in ships". It goes down to a low D.

In 1680, Blow, who had been made organist of Westminster Abbey in 1669, resigned so that the 22-years-old Purcell could have his job. Purcell then spent the next six years just writing sacred (religious) music. Later he went back to writing music for the theatre, including the first English opera "Dido and Aeneas".

In 1682 Purcell became organist of the Chapel Royal. He did this job as well as being organist at Westminster Abbey. His first printed composition, "Twelve Sonatas", was published in 1683. Music printing was expensive in those days, so it was unusual to have something printed. He continued to write music including odes to the king and royal family. In 1685, he wrote two of his finest anthems, "I was glad" and "My heart is inditing", for the coronation of King James II.

In 1687 he wrote more "theatre music." Sometimes this music was for masques (a kind of ballet with some singing as well), sometimes it was music for tragedies, e.g. plays by Dryden. In 1691, he wrote "King Arthur", also written by Dryden. In 1692, he composed songs and music for "The Fairy-Queen" (an adaptation of Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream"). Purcell’s music for this was lost for many years, and was rediscovered and published in 1901. In these works the characters in the plays do not sing, they speak their lines.

Purcell's "Te Deum and Jubilate" was written for Saint Cecilia's Day, 1693, the first English "Te Deum" ever composed with orchestral accompaniment. He composed an anthem and two elegies for Queen Mary II's funeral.

He was very famous when he died in 1695, possibly from tuberculosis. His wife and two of his six children survived him. 

Purcell is buried next to the organ in Westminster Abbey. His epitaph reads, "Here lyes Henry Purcell Esq., who left this life and is gone to that blessed place where only his harmony can be exceeded."

Purcell wrote a lot of music for the theatre. He was born one year before the time known in England as the “Restoration”. Before the Restoration Oliver Cromwell had been ruling England for nearly 20 years. Most music had been banned. People were therefore very glad to be able to make music again, and they wanted lots of songs and instrumental music in their plays. Opera, however, was not wanted. In Europe opera was very popular in countries such as Italy, Germany and France, but it did not become popular in England until Handel came to England in 1709 and introduced Italian opera.

"Dido and Aeneas" is an exception because it is a real opera: everything is sung, and the words are in English. It was written for a performance at a girls’ school. It is quite short, lasting just one hour. It contains the famous lament "When I am laid in earth" sung by Dido.

Purcell wrote a very large amount of music for the church. This includes anthems and service settings. Although he was an organist he wrote very little for organ. He wrote chamber music, including some very beautiful fantasias for viols.

Although Purcell was recognized as a great composer at the time he did not have much influence on other composers after his death. He was the last in a line of great English musicians in the 16th and 17th centuries. After his death English music was not as important as it had been. In the 18th century the music heard in England was largely imported from the continent, e.g. Italian opera. 

Much later, in the 20th century, English composers were often inspired by Purcell’s music. Benjamin Britten wrote a piece called "The Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra" which is based on a tune from Purcell's "Abdelazer". The aria "I know a bank" from Britten's opera "A Midsummer Night's Dream" is inspired by Purcell's aria "Sweeter than Roses". Sir Michael Tippett loved Purcell’s harmonies and rhythms and they influenced him in his compositions.

François Couperin

François Couperin (born in Paris on 10 November 1668; died in Paris, on 12 September 1733) was a French composer who lived in the Baroque period. Many of his relatives were composers. He is often called "François Couperin le Grand" (The Great) because he was the most famous of the Couperin family. He is best known today for his harpsichord music. He wrote several pieces which he called "Ordres" meaning the same as the word "suite" i.e. a collection of dance movements. Sometimes these movements have strange titles and we cannot always be sure what they mean. Some of them may have been nicknames of people he knew. He also wrote important organ music. He never had a family of his own before he died.

Christoph Willibald von Gluck

Christoph Willibald Ritter von Gluck (born in Erasbach, July 2, 1714; died in Vienna, November 15, 1787) was a German composer. He is famous for his operas which were written in a new and exciting way. He was not interested in writing operas which were just a series of songs for singers to show off. He wanted to make his operas into good pieces of drama. His operas had a big influence on later composers like Mozart, Weber and Wagner. He wrote Italian operas and French operas.

Jan Ladislav Dussek

Jan Ladislav Dussek (b. Ĉáslav, Bohemia, 12 Feb.1760; d.Saint-Germain-en-Laye, 20 March 1812) was a Bohemian composer of the Classical period. He travelled a lot, living in Holland, Lithuania, Italy, France and England. He lived nearly twelve years in London where he was a fashionable teacher and famous composer. He is best remembered now for his piano music.

Johannes Brahms

Johannes Brahms (7 May 1833 – 3 April 1897) was a famous German composer. He started his career as a pianist. He was always very self-critical and destroyed any composition he thought was not really good. He thought that people were expecting him to be the “next Beethoven”, and spent many years on his first symphony before he allowed it to be performed. In the end, he wrote four symphonies altogether, as well as four concertos and a number of choral works, including a requiem. He also wrote chamber music, piano music, and German art songs, or "Lieder". One of his best known songs is "Wiegenlied" ("cradle song"), often called "Brahms' Lullaby," which is often heard in music boxes.

Brahms was born in Germany. His father was a double bass player in the Hamburg city orchestra. He probably gave the young boy his first music lessons. He soon was learning the piano with a teacher named Otto Cossel. When Brahms played in a public concert in 1843 an American agent asked him to tour America, but his teacher realized he was too young. He said that Johannes should study with Eduard Marxsen, a well-known teacher in Hamburg. By 1848 he was playing piano recitals. He also started to compose, and he sent some of his compositions to Robert Schumann to ask for his advice. Schumann sent the parcel back unopened.

At this time there were many Hungarian musicians in Hamburg. Brahms liked their folk music with its unusual rhythms, little triplet figures and sense of rubato. It was to influence his own style of composition. One of the Hungarians was called Remenyi. He played the violin and Brahms often accompanied him at concerts. They went on tour together and met famous people such as the composer Franz Liszt and the violinist Joseph Joachim who became a close friend of Brahms for many years. Joachim told Brahms to go and see Schumann and his wife Clara in Düsseldorf. Schumann liked Brahms and could see that he was going to be a great composer, so he wrote an article in his music journal about him. The article had the title: "Neue Bahnen" ("New Paths"). Schumann turned out to be correct: Brahms did become a famous composer and found “new paths” (new ways of composing). 
Brahms remained a very close friend of Schumann. When Schumann had a nervous breakdown, Brahms went all the way to Düsseldorf to see him. Brahms soon fell in love with Clara who was 14 years older than himself. He continued to be in love with her after Robert Schumann’s death, and they had a close relationship, though Brahms became interested in other women and was briefly engaged. However, he never married.

In 1859, Brahms settled in Hamburg. He founded a women’s choir and wrote and arranged a lot of music for them. His "First Piano Concerto" was a great success in Hanover and Hamburg, but not in Leipzig, where a lot of people preferred the wildly Romantic music of Liszt which was quite different from Brahms’s style based on the Classical music style. Brahms decided to go to Vienna. He was to stay there for the rest of his life.

In Vienna he soon made many friends who liked his music. For a short time he was director of a choir called the Vienna Singakademie, who sang some of his compositions. He met Wagner. Wagner was afraid that Brahms would start to write operas which would be more famous than his own. So Wagner wrote an article saying that Brahms was a very bad conductor. Wagner had made himself an enemy of Brahms, who never did write any operas anyway. 

In 1870, Brahms became director of a concert series called Vienna Gesellschaftskonzerte. He became more and more famous as a composer, but he was never very good at conducting, and in 1875 a conductor called Hans Richter took over conducting the concerts. During these years he finished one of his greatest works: "Ein deutsches Requiem" ("A German Requiem"), as well as one of his most popular works: the "Variations on the St Anthony chorale" (sometimes wrongly known as "Variations on a Theme by Haydn)".

At last, in 1876, he allowed his "First Symphony" to be performed. It was not very successful at first, but in Vienna the audience liked it. He started to compose a lot of his greatest works and received many honours from universities. In the winter he gave concerts and in the summer he spent his time composing. He wrote his last symphony ("Fourth Symphony") in 1885 and conducted it, going on tour with the orchestra through Germany and the Netherlands.

From 1889, Brahms spent each summer in Ischl where he had many friends. By 1890 he had decided to stop composing, although he did still write four beautiful works for clarinet after meeting the clarinettist Richard Mühlfeld. In 1896 he wrote "Four Serious Songs" which were probably inspired by the sad death of Clara Schumann. The next year Brahms died from cancer in Vienna. His father had died of the same illness.

Brahms wrote a great deal of vocal music. The greatest of these works is the "German Requiem". There were many works for choirs, and a large collection of songs with piano accompaniment (Lieder). He wrote a lot of piano music which includes sonatas and many shorter pieces such as fantasias, rhapsodies, ballades, intermezzos, capriccios and romances. His chamber music includes string quartets, quintets and sextets and piano trios, quartets and a piano quintet. He wrote four symphonies and four concertos: two for piano, one for the violin and one for violin and cello (the "Double Concerto"). The "German Requiem" is his greatest vocal work.

Brahms was also very interested in old music and helped to edit music by François Couperin as well as the music of his friend Robert Schumann. For writing his music Brahms was mostly using German and Viennese pianos. He owned a Conrad Graf piano that he received from Clara Schumann in 1856. Later in life he was mostly playing on a Streicher piano. Brahms kept this piano in his house until his death.

Frederick Delius

Frederick Delius (b.Bradford, 29 Jan.1862; d.Grez-sur-Loing, 10 June 1934) was an English composer. At first his parents did not let him study music, so he went off to Florida to work on an orange plantation. He later returned, studied music, and settled in France for the rest of his life. His music is often quite gentle and atmospheric, with chords that shift about in unusual ways. One of his best known orchestral works is "On Hearing the First Cuckoo in Spring". In his last years he was very ill, but he still wanted to compose, so he dictated the music he heard in his head to a man called Eric Fenby.

Béla Bartók

Béla Bartók (b. Nagyszentimiklós, Hungary, 25 March 1881; d. New York City 26 September 1945) was a famous Hungarian composer and pianist. He was one of the most important and original composers of the 20th century. He became very interested in folk music and travelled a lot in Hungary and other countries, including Romania, listening to the folk songs which the country people sang. He often used the style of these songs in his music. He is famous for his piano music, string quartets and several pieces for orchestra including one called "Concerto for Orchestra". Bartók’s harmonies and lively rhythms were sometimes quite new to classical music and some audiences found them difficult to understand at first.

Béla Bartók was born in the small town of Nagyszentmiklós. In those days it was in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, but today it is in Romania. When he was very small he showed great musical talent, and his mother taught him to play the piano.

Béla was often ill when he was a child. When he was seven his father died, and his mother took him and his sister to live in Nagyszőlős (today it is called Vinogradiv and is in the Ukraine), and then to Pozsony (today it is Bratislava in Slovakia). There he gave his first public recital when he was eleven. He included some music which he had composed himself.

Soon he was studying the piano with István Thoman who had studied with the famous Franz Liszt. He had lessons in composition from János Koessler at the Royal Academy of Music in Budapest. There he met the composer Zoltán Kodály, who was a great influence on him and who became a lifelong friend.

He soon started to compose longer pieces of music. He liked the music of Richard Strauss and Claude Debussy and these influenced his style of music. He started to be interested in folk music. This can be heard in the first of his six string quartets.

Bartók and Kodály travelled together into the countryside to collect and study old Hungarian folk melodies. People in those days thought that real Magyar (old Hungarian) folk music was Gypsy music. Bartók and Kodály showed that there were other traditions beside these. They found music which used pentatonic scales similar to those used in some parts of Asia. The two composers started to use these folk ideas in their own compositions. Kodály often quoted (copied) actual folk songs in his own music, while Bartók preferred to compose music which sounded like folksong without actually copying it.

In 1909, Bartók married Márta Ziegler. Their son, also named Béla, was born in 1910.

In 1911, Bartók wrote his only opera, "Bluebeard's Castle". There are only two singers in the opera: Bluebeard and his wife Judith. He also wrote a ballet called "The Wooden Prince". This started to make him famous abroad. Another ballet, "The Miraculous Mandarin", is even more famous today. It shows the influence of Igor Stravinsky, Arnold Schoenberg, as well as Richard Strauss. He wrote a lot of chamber music including a total of 6 string quartets, 2 violin sonatas and a "Sonata for Two Pianos and Percussion". He wrote some pieces for smaller orchestras: "Divertimento for strings" and "Music for Strings, Percussion and Celesta".

Bartók divorced Márta in 1923, and married a piano student, Ditta Pásztory. His second son, Péter, was born in 1924.

When World War II broke out Bartók criticized the Nazis. After they came into power in Germany, he refused to give concerts there and did not use his German publisher. His political ideas gave him a great deal of trouble in Hungary.

Having first sent his manuscripts out of the country, Bartók felt he had to emigrate to the USA with Ditta Pásztory. They lived in New York City. Their son Péter joined them in 1942 and later joined the United States Navy. Bartók ‘s older son Béla stayed in Hungary.

Bartók did not feel comfortable in the US, and found it very difficult to compose. He was also not very well known in America, and not many people were interested in his music. He and his wife Ditta gave concerts, and for a while, they were given some money to work on a collection of Yugoslav folk songs. They did not have very much money, although he had some friends who gave them enough to live on. Serge Koussevitsky asked him to write the " Concerto for Orchestra ". This soon became Bartók's most popular work, and brought him some money. He was also asked by Yehudi Menuhin to write a "Sonata for Solo Violin". This seemed to make him interested again in composing, and he went on to write his "Piano Concerto No. 3" and began work on his " Viola Concerto".

Bartók died by polycythemia in New York City from on 26 September 1945, aged 64. He left the Viola Concerto unfinished at his death; it was later finished by his pupil Tibor Serly.

Bartók’s music has many modern techniques such atonality, bitonality and modern harmonies. He often uses different kinds of scales (not just major and minor ones), and very complicated rhythms. A lot of these are inspired by the folk music he heard. He wrote a lot of piano music, including some easy pieces for people who are learning the piano. This includes a collection of pieces in six volumes called "Mikrokosmos" which are very popular with young musicians today.

Benjamin Britten

Edward Benjamin Britten, Baron Britten of Aldeburgh, OM CH (born Lowestoft, 22 November 1913; died Aldeburgh, 4 December 1976) was one of the greatest English composers of his time. He came from East Anglia (a region in the East of England) and he often thought about the East Anglian landscape and the sea when writing his music. He wrote a lot of music for his long-term partner, the tenor Peter Pears. His operas include "Peter Grimes", "Billy Budd", "A Midsummer Night’s Dream", and "Death in Venice". His "War Requiem" was performed in Coventry Cathedral in 1962 after it had been rebuilt because the old cathedral had been destroyed in the war. He wrote music for children which sounds like proper, adult music. Britten started the Aldeburgh Festival. He was an excellent pianist and conductor.

Benjamin Britten started composing music at the age of five although he had no one to help him. When he was ten years old he took part in an amateur music festival in Norwich. A composer called Frank Bridge heard him and was so impressed that he offered to teach him composition. He helped Britten to compose using proper musical techniques. Britten started to get to know music by a lot of important modern composers including Schoenberg and Bartók. In 1930 he went to the Royal College of Music. He had excellent piano teachers but he did not learn much from his composition teacher John Ireland and most of the music he wrote was never performed. Britten was more interested in music from abroad than in English music. In 1934 he heard the opera "Wozzeck" by Alban Berg. He wanted to go to Austria to study with Berg but he was not allowed to. Meanwhile, some of his first proper compositions started to be performed. He wrote some music for movies that were being made by the General Post Office, including one about a train delivering mail. The music describes the rhythm of the train rushing along.

While working on the movie music he met the writer W. H. Auden. He started to be interested in political ideas. These can be heard in some works he wrote at this time such as "Our Hunting Fathers" (1936) and "Ballad of Heroes" (1939). When Auden emigrated to the United States Britten followed him. With him was the tenor Peter Pears who was to become a lifelong friend and partner, and who was to be the inspiration for many songs and operas.

Britten wrote several compositions in the USA including "Sinfonia da Requiem" (1940) and his "First String Quartet" (1941). The following year he was reading about the poet George Crabbe who came from Suffolk, the same part of England where Britten had grown up. Britten suddenly became homesick. He realized that he could not work and be himself in a foreign country. So he returned with Pears to England.

As soon as he was on the boat sailing back to England he started work on "Ceremony of Carols". Back in England, Britten and Pears gave concerts to audiences of all kinds and took part in opera productions of Sadler's Wells Opera Company, which was having a new theatre built. On the 7 June 1945 the new theatre was opened with a performance of Britten’s opera "Peter Grimes". This opera was to make Britten into the most famous English composer of his time. It was soon being performed abroad as well as in England.

Britten was now composing lots of music: songs, chamber music and a very popular piece called "Young Person’s Guide to the Orchestra" (also known as "Variations and Fugue on a Theme of Purcell"). This piece shows off each instrument of the orchestra in turn so that young people can get to know the sound of the musical instruments. It is based on a tune written by Henry Purcell 300 years ago. There were more popular works: St Nicolas and the Spring Symphony. There were not many opportunities for big operas to be performed, so he wrote some “chamber operas” which only needed small orchestras and a small number of singers. These were performed in places such as local churches by a group which called themselves English Opera Group. He wrote "The Rape of Lucretia" (1946) and "Albert Herring" (1947). In 1948 the group helped to start a music festival in Aldeburgh. Benjamin Britten spent the rest of his life mainly working on music which was to be performed at the Aldeburgh Festival. He composed some of his greatest works for the festival, and he took part in the performances as conductor and pianist.

One of Britten’s most popular pieces of music for amateurs including children was "Noye’s Fludde" (1957). He wrote three “church parables”. His large operas include "Billy Budd" (1951) which was soon produced in Covent Garden. In June 1953 he wrote "Gloriana", an opera about Queen Elizabeth I, written for the coronation celebrations of Elizabeth II. When he travelled with Peter Pears to the Far East he was influenced by the music of Bali and he composed a ballet called "The Prince of the Pagodas", performed in Covent Garden in 1957. Another great work inspired by the East was the parable "Curlew River" (1964). The opera "A Midsummer Night’s Dream" was written for the Aldeburgh Festival in 1960. In 1962 he wrote the "War Requiem" to celebrate the new Coventry Cathedral. This is one of the greatest musical works of the 20th century.

In 1961 he became friends with the great Russian cellist Mstislav Rostropovich. He composed a "Cello Sonata" and a "Cello Symphony" (1963) (a kind of cello concerto), as well as three suites for solo cello. He travelled with Pears to the Soviet Union.

In 1967 the Aldeburgh Festival had a new concert hall, the Maltings at Snape. His next opera was "Owen Wingrave" (1970), written for television but soon produced in Covent Garden. In June 1973 Britten produced another great opera "Death in Venice". The main character, called Aschenbach, was perhaps the best music he ever wrote for Peter Pears. It was performed at the Aldeburgh Festival, but Britten was ill by this time and unable to be at the performance. His heart condition made it impossible to work on any more large works, but he still wrote some harp music for the harpist Ossian Ellis, a song called "Phaedra" for Janet Baker, and a "Third String Quartet". He died in Aldeburgh on 4 December 1976.

Britten received many honours both in Britain and in other countries. He became a Companion of Honour in 1952 a member of the Order of Merit in 1965 and, in the year he died, he was the first musician ever to receive a life peer (the title Lord Britten).

Britten’s early works were often written for instruments. His "Variations on a Theme of Frank Bridge" (1937) for string orchestra is a very popular work today. He often borrowed and reinvented themes by other composers (this is called “parody” technique). During his last years he again gave much attention to instrumental music, mainly chamber music.

After he met Peter Pears much of his music was vocal. This includes more than 100 songs, a number of operas, chamber operas as well as three works for tenor solo and orchestra: "Les Illuminations", the "Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings" and the "Nocturne". His songs are often grouped in cycles. He also wrote many folksong settings. These were very popular as encore pieces when he accompanied Peter Pears in song recitals.

Britten wrote music for choirs, including "Hymn to St Cecilia" (Britten was proud of having been born on St Cecilia’s day: 22 November). The "War Requiem" is his greatest work which combines writing for choir and orchestra. It describes the horrors of war (Britten had refused to fight in World War II).

He wrote a lot of work for children. There are even parts for children in some of his operas, e.g. "Peter Grimes", "The Turn of the Screw" and "Owen Wingrave". He even wrote an opera in which all the main parts are sung by children: "The Little Sweep" (1949).

Many of his great operatic roles, from Peter Grimes to Aschenbach in "Death in Venice", deal with the theme of the outsider, the person who does not quite fit into society, or who is misunderstood. Britten’s homosexuality (which was something that was never discussed in his lifetime) may have something to do with this. He also knew what it was like to be an outsider when he tried to live in the United States, and his refusal to fight in the war may have distanced him from some people.

The Aldeburgh Festival at the Maltings in Snape (a village near Aldeburgh) continue to be a focus for Britten’s music. Every year the Brittens-Pears School of Music organizes lessons and performance opportunities for young musicians. A series of “Prom” concerts is held there every year in August.

Claudio Monteverdi

Claudio Monteverdi (b.Cremona, 1567; d.Venice 25 November 1643) was the most important composer of the early Baroque period. He lived at a time of great change in musical style. The first opera ever written was composed in 1597 by a composer named Jacopo Peri. Just eleven years later Monteverdi wrote an opera "Orfeo" which was a really great work. Other important operas of his are "Il combattimento di Tancredi e Clorinda" and "Il ritorno d’Ulisse in patria". He wrote 9 books of madrigals. He also wrote a lot of church music including the "1610 Vespers". He was director of music at St Mark’s, Venice, which was the most important musical job in Italy.

Monteverdi was the son of an apothecary and a doctor. He was very talented as a young boy and was only 15 when he published his first pieces of music. In the introduction to this music he says that his music teacher was Marc’ Antonio Ingegneri, the maestro di cappella of Cremona cathedral. We cannot find anything that shows that he sang in the cathedral choir. He probably had private music lessons. He learned composition, singing and how to play string instruments such as the viol and viola da braccio. He got several compositions published in Venice. By the time he got his first job he had already published two books of madrigals.

His first job was working at the court of the Duke of Mantua. In Mantua there was a small band of excellent musicians. The musical director was the famous Giaches de Wert. Monteverdi got to know many famous poets, and there were famous singers at Ferrara which was not far away.

At first Monteverdi had a low-paid job. He married the daughter of one of the court musicians in the string band. Monteverdi soon became well-known. He sent several of his compositions to be performed at Ferrara, and he went with the duke to when his army was fighting the Turks.

The young Monteverdi was developing a new musical style. The old style was known as "prima pratica" (“first practice”) and the new style was called the "seconda pratica" (“second practice”). The "prima pratica" continued to be used for church music. In this style of writing the music was thought to be more important than the words. This meant that the music could be very contrapuntal, with several things going on at once so that the words could not be clearly heard. However, in the "seconda pratica" the words were more important than the music, i.e. it was important to be able to hear all the words clearly, and the music had to be simple enough for this to happen. This was particularly important in opera and in madrigals.

There were a lot of arguments among musicians about these two styles of composition, and this is perhaps the reason why there was a gap of 11 years between Monteverdi’s 3rd and his 4th book of madrigals. His opera "Orfeo" (1608) was performed at least twice at court, and several times at Salzburg. Monteverdi was becoming famous all over Europe.

Monteverdi went back to Cremona. His wife died, leaving him with their three small children. It was a terrible tragedy for Monteverdi, and he did not want to go back to Mantua, but the Duke wrote to him telling him he must come back to provide music for the wedding of Prince Francesco Gonzaga and Margharita of Savoy.

Monteverdi returned to Mantua, where he composed his opera "Arianna". The performance was a great success, and the audience were moved to tears by the music Arianna’s lament. This song is the only part of the opera that has not been lost.

Although Monteverdi’s fame was increasing, there were a lot of arguments with his employer. Eventually he found another job, this time as a church musician, in the biggest church in Venice. Monteverdi had a difficult journey from Mantua to Venice. The passengers were robbed by highwaymen on the way. He arrived in Venice in October 1613.

The job of maestro (director of music) at San Marco (Saint Mark’s church) in Venice was perhaps the most important job for a church musician in the whole of Europe. However, the music was in a bad state because previous directors of music had not been very good. Monteverdi started to reorganize the music there: he bought new music for the library and got some new musicians. He had to compose music for many special feast days during the year. He was doing a good job, and in 1616 his salary was increased to 400 ducats (about 44.28 ounces of gold, worth about US$73,500 today). The duke of Mantua was probably cross that he had lost such a good musician. He still asked Monteverdi to write music for him. Monteverdi probably had to obey, as he was still a Mantuan citizen (Italy did not become one country until more than two centuries later). He wrote music for important events such as weddings and carnivals at Mantua.

By 1619 Monteverdi had published his seventh book of madrigals. However, he then started to publish less music. Perhaps it was because he was so busy, or perhaps because he no longer needed to look for fame. He probably wrote a lot of church music which is now lost.

During the 1620s continued his work in Venice, although he may have tried to get other jobs. His hobbies include alchemy. He welcomed the composer Heinrich Schütz who visited Venice for a second time. After the Duke of Mantua died in 1626 Monteverdi wrote less music for Mantua. He was supposed to receive an annual salary from them, but he often did not get it. There was a war in Mantua, a lot of buildings were destroyed and the invading armies brought the plague. Monteverdi became a priest in 1632. It is not clear whether he did this because he really was religious or whether he thought it would help his career.

In 1637 public opera was started in Venice. Monteverdi, who was now in his 70s, wrote operas for Venice. "Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria" (1640) and "L'incoronazione di Poppea" (1642) form a brilliant end to his career. After the performance of this opera he made a six-month trip to Lombard and Mantua, where again he had to argue at the court about not being paid his pension. After he returned to Venice he was ill for nine days and then died.


Charlie Kaufman

Charles Stuart "Charlie" Kaufman (born November 1, 1958) is an American screenwriter. Some of the movies he wrote screenplays for are "Being John Malkovich", "Adaptation", "Human Nature", and "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind". Charlie Kaufman is known for writing very surreal movies - that is, movies where the plot has things in it that could never happen in real life, or that make the audience notice that they are watching a movie.

He is one of the most celebrated screenwriters for now.

Oxbow lake

An oxbow lake is a lake, or area of water, in a U-shape. It is made by special bends in a river, called meanders, getting farther away from the river until they become separate. The river becomes straight and the bend becomes a lake. This happens due to floods or when a meander's neck gets too thin.

Water flows at different speeds at different parts of the river. In the middle, farthest away from the sides (or banks), the water flows fastest. At the banks, the water flows slowest. When the river bends, water flows faster on the outside of the bend than the inside. The fast water on the outside 'erodes' the outside of the bend. This means it breaks bits of the bank off. At the same time, the slow water on the inside of the bend leaves behind mud, sand and parts of plants (deposition). Together, these make the bend move in the direction of the outside of the bend. 

The bend moves farther and farther along until it leaves the river. The river becomes straight and the bend is left as an oxbow lake.

Sequel

A sequel is a type of new creation, like a movie, book, video game, or song, that follows or expands on a story from an earlier work. It is made because people liked the original and want more of it. Sequels let people see their favorite characters and settings again while adding new things to the story to make it interesting.

Sequels can be different depending on the medium and the original work. In movies, sequels can continue the same story, go back in time, or focus on different parts of the original. In books, sequels can start where the last book ended or tell what happened before. Some sequels are spin-offs, which means they focus on other characters or explore different parts of the original world.

Sequels are made to give fans what they want. They let people explore more of the world, learn more about the characters, and discover new ideas. Sequels are important because they build on the success of the original and keep the story going.

People have different opinions about sequels. Some sequels become very popular, while others don't live up to the original. People are excited to see sequels, but they also want them to be as good as the original. The success of a sequel depends on things like how well the story is told and how the characters develop.

Sequels have had a big impact on popular culture. They have changed the way stories are continued and expanded in movies, books, and other forms of entertainment. Sequels create excitement and make fans want to talk about the story and buy related things. They also help create bigger worlds and universes.

Major League Soccer

Major League Soccer (MLS) is an American soccer league that started in 1996. As of the current 2024 season, 29 teams play in the league. One other team plans to join in 2025. The commissioner of the league (the person in charge) is Don Garber.

MLS, founded in the United States, is a fully professional league with 29 teams, three of which are based in Canada. The United States Soccer Federation (USSF or U.S. Soccer), which runs soccer in that country, considers MLS to be the country's top men's league. The Canadian Soccer Association (CSA), which runs soccer in Canada, considers the Canadian Premier League as its top men's league, but MLS has much greater Canadian media coverage and is seen as having a higher level of play. Referees are approved by U.S. Soccer and the CSA. In turn, both national governing bodies are members of FIFA, which governs all play between national teams and sets the rules for the sport along with the national governing bodies of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland, and Wales.

MLS was formed in 1993 as a professional league, with play starting with 10 teams in 1996. The MLS regular season starts in late February and ends in November, with each team playing 34 games. The regular season is followed by a 14-team playoff tournament to decide the league champion.



Chicago Fire FC

Chicago Fire FC (officially Chicago Fire Football Club, and before 2020 Chicago Fire Soccer Club) is a soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Chicago. They started in 1998 and won an MLS Cup in that year. The club is named after the Great Chicago Fire of 1871.


Columbus SC

The Columbus Crew (known from 2015 to 2021 as Columbus Crew SC, and briefly in 2021 as Columbus SC) are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Columbus, Ohio. They started play in 1996, playing at Ohio Stadium on the campus of Ohio State University until opening the new Columbus Crew Stadium in 1999. That stadium would be renamed Mapfre Stadium in 2015 and Historic Crew Stadium in late 2020. The Crew played their first match at the new Lower.com Field on July 3, 2021.

Shortly after the start of the 2021 season, the team announced a name change to Columbus SC. Fan reaction was extremely negative. On May 17, 2021, only a week after the change to Columbus SC, the team announced that it would return to the original name of Columbus Crew, without the "SC".


Sporting Kansas City

Sporting Kansas City are an American football (soccer) team that plays in Major League Soccer in Kansas City, Kansas.

They started out as the Kansas City Wiz, before changing their name to the Kansas City Wizards in 1997. Later, in November 2010, they changed their name again to Sporting Kansas City, as the team was moving into a new stadium in the 2011 season. The stadium has been known by several names, first Livestrong Sporting Park, then Sporting Park, and now Children's Mercy Park.



New England Revolution

The New England Revolution are a United States football (soccer) team from Foxborough, Massachusetts that plays in the Eastern Conference of Major League Soccer. They share the Gillette Stadium with the New England Patriots, a football team in the NFL.

The team is owned by Robert Kraft, who also owns the New England Patriots.

The team won their first major trophy when they won the U.S. Open Cup in 2007. They won the North American SuperLiga in 2008.


New York Red Bulls

The New York Red Bulls are an American soccer team. They play in Major League Soccer in Harrison, New Jersey. Until 2006, they were known as the MetroStars. Their homeground is the Red Bull Arena in Harrison.

The club was founded in 1995 by John Werner Kluge and Stuart Subotnick, two managers for MetroMedia, under the name MetroStars. The club was a founding member of Major League Soccer. In 2006 the team was sold to the Austrian company Red Bull and renamed the New York Red Bulls. The team is the only one in the MLS which never reached a major title. There were a lot of well-known soccer players on the team from all over the world such as Roberto Donadoni, Lothar Matthäus (FIFA World Cup 1990, UEFA Champion 1980), Adolfo Valencia, Youri Djorkaeff, Amado Guevara, Juan Pablo Angel,Daniel Rodriguez, Thierry Henry, and Rafael Márquez.

Former players Tony Meola, Tab Ramos, Tim Howard, Alexi Lalas, Clint Mathis, Jozy Altidore, Michael Bradley, Claudio Reyna, Eddie Pope, and Tim Ream have all played for the U.S. national team. Current players Juan Agudelo,Daniel Rodriguez, Dax McCarty, and Kenny Cooper have also played for the USMNT.



Colorado Rapids

The Colorado Rapids are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer. They are one of the founding clubs of the MLS. The hometown of Rapids is Denver, Colorado. The club was formed in 1996.


The Rapids play their home games at Dick's Sporting Goods Park in Commerce City, Colorado (ca. 8 miles north of the center of Denver). The stadium capacity is 19,680 and cost $131 million to construct. It is a stadium for football only. The soccer stadium opened on April 7, 2007. Before moving to DSG Park in 2007, Colorado Rapids shared Mile High Stadium and then Invesco Field at Mile High with the Denver Broncos an American football team.

"Sources:" 

Note: MLS did not allow ties prior to the 2000 season as games were decided by shootout when tied at full-time.



FC Dallas

FC Dallas is an American soccer team. They play in Major League Soccer (MLS) in Frisco, Texas, a suburb of Dallas, Texas. The team is a founding member of the MLS. Before 2005, they were known as the Dallas Burn. The team is owned by the Hunt Sports Group, which also owns the National Football League team Kansas City Chiefs.

Note: MLS did not allow ties prior to the 2000 season as games were decided by shootout when tied at full-time.

The following players have won the MLS Scoring Champion or the Golden Boot.








From 1996 to 2002 the team played in the 92,100-capacity Cotton Bowl in Dallas. To save money the club played its 2003 home games at Dragon Stadium, a high school stadium in Southlake, a Fort Worth suburb. The club lost money in the high school stadium because Texas law does not allow the sale of alcohol on a public high school campus. The team moved back to the Cotton Bowl for the 2004 season. In August 2005, the club moved into Pizza Hut Park, a soccer stadium in the northern suburb of Frisco. The contract that allowed Pizza Hut to put its name on the stadium ended in January 2012, and the stadium was renamed FC Dallas Stadium. In September 2013, a new sponsorship contract was signed with Toyota, and the stadium was renamed Toyota Stadium. Following renovations to the south end of Toyota Stadium, the relocated National Soccer Hall of Fame opened at the stadium in October 2018.


Houston Dynamo

The Houston Dynamo are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Houston, Texas. In late 2005, the San Jose Earthquakes moved to the city because of financial problems in San Jose, California.

The Dynamo opened a new stadium, which opened as BBVA Compass Stadium and is now known as Shell Energy Stadium, in downtown Houston in May 2012, after playing their first seven games of the season on the road.


San Jose Earthquakes

The San Jose Earthquakes are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in San Jose, California. In December 2005, they moved to Houston, Texas to become the Houston Dynamo. Failure to secure funding for a new stadium caused the team to move. In July 2007, they were granted an expansion team, which would bring them back in 2008. From 1994 to 1999 they were known as the San Jose Clash. By agreement between MLS, the Dynamo, and the Earthquakes, the history of the original San Jose franchise belongs to the current Earthquakes.



Los Angeles Galaxy

The Los Angeles Galaxy, branded as the LA Galaxy, are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Carson, California. They shared their home field, Dignity Health Sports Park, with Chivas USA before that team folded at the end of the 2014 season.

Until he left when his contract ended after the 2012 season, the team's best-known player was English icon David Beckham, signed from Real Madrid in 2007. Landon Donovan, the joint all-time leading goal scorer for the US national team, played with the Galaxy from 2005 until his first retirement in 2014, and briefly returned to the team in the last part of the 2016 season. Robbie Keane, the Republic of Ireland's captain, leading scorer, and most-capped (most games) player, was a Galaxy captain. The team also included longtime Liverpool and England star Steven Gerrard. Currently, the Galaxy's best-known player is Sweden all-time leading scorer Zlatan Ibrahimović.


Real Salt Lake

Real Salt Lake is an American soccer team. They play in Major League Soccer in Salt Lake City, Utah. They began playing in 2005. Their head coach is Jason Kreis. They play at Rio Tinto Stadium in Sandy, Utah. Their rival is the Colorado Rapids.

"As of January 15, 2009." 


"MLS regular season only, through 2006 season"


"regular season/playoffs"

Toronto FC

Toronto Football Club, usually known as Toronto FC, is a soccer club based in Toronto, Ontario. They have played in the Eastern Conference of Major League Soccer (MLS) since the 2007 season. They were the first Canadian soccer team to join MLS. They play their home games at BMO Field in Downtown Toronto. The team is coached by Greg Vanney and operated by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment.

Toronto FC has won the Canadian Championship five times, most recently in 2016. They also made it to the 2016 MLS Cup but lost to Seattle Sounders 4-5 in penalties. They were also semi-finalists of the 2011-2012 CONCACAF Champions League.

President of Germany

The President of Germany (German: "Bundespräsident", literally: "federal president") is the head of state of the Federal Republic of Germany. His functions are mostly supervising and representative, because of the negative experiences with the office of its predecessor the Reich President ("Reichskanzler"), who had more power than the current Federal President.

The president is elected every five years by the Bundesversammlung.


Miami Fusion

The Miami Fusion were an American soccer team that played in Major League Soccer from 1998 to 2001. They played in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Tampa Bay Mutiny

Tampa Bay Mutiny was an American soccer team that played in Major League Soccer from 1996 to 2001. They played in Tampa, Florida. Their stadium was the Raymond James Stadium.

The Mutiny went out of business after the 2001 season, after having low attendance and finishing in last place.

The Gillette Company

Global Gillette (formerly The Gillette Company) is an American company famous for making shaving products. It has been merged recently into Procter & Gamble's operations.

Abkhazia

Abkhazia is an unrecognised country in the Caucauses.

The country fought a war with Georgia for its independence in 1991, the Georgian–Abkhaz conflict. Since its declaration of independence from Georgia in 1991, it has been ruled by the partly-recognized Republic of Abkhazia.

Georgia believes Abkhazia is part of its territory and has listed the province, in its official subdivisions, as an autonomous republic On 28 August 2008, the Parliament of Georgia passed a resolution declaring Abkhazia a "Russian-occupied territory".

The Republic of Abkhazia, with Sukhumi as its capital, is formally recognised by Russia and by Nicaragua, and the "de facto" independent republics of South Ossetia and Transnistria. The European Union, OSCE, and NATO recognise Abkhazia as an integral part of the territory of Georgia.

The secessionist movement of the Abkhaz minority led to the Georgian–Abkhaz conflict. The War in Abkhazia resulted in a Georgian military defeat and the mass exodus and ethnic cleansing of the Georgian population from Abkhazia.

There was a 1994 ceasefire agreement. There is a UN-monitored and Russian-dominated CIS peacekeeping operation. The sovereignty dispute has not been resolved. The dispute is a source of conflict between Georgia and Russia.


inline

Heinrich Schütz

Heinrich Schütz (born Köstritz, Saxony, 8 October 1585; died Dresden, Germany, 6 November 1672) was a German baroque composer. As a young man he travelled to Italy to learn the art of composition from the great Italian composers. He had lessons from Giovanni Gabrieli. When Gabrieli died in 1612 Schütz returned to Germany. He visited Italy a second time in 1628 to learn from the music of Claudio Monteverdi. He also visited Copenhagen. For much of his life he was a court composer at the Electoral Chapel in Dresden. Most of his work consists of choral works especially motets and madrigals. He was very good at writing counterpoint and his music has some very striking effects. His "Christmas Oratorio " is particularly famous.

Domenico Scarlatti

Giuseppe Domenico Scarlatti (born Naples, Italy, on 26 October 1685; died Madrid, Spain, on 23 July 1757) was an Italian baroque composer and harpsichordist. He was the son of the famous composer Alessandro Scarlatti. Part of his life he spent in Venice and Rome. His father Alessandro was a famous composer who wrote many operas. Domenico became famous for his sonatas for harpsichord. He wrote over 550 of them. They are mostly quite short pieces in one movement, most written in an early Classical style, which influenced many future Classical composers. He had some unusual effects in his music such as the crossing of hands as they leap wildly from one end of the keyboard to another. He also liked crunchy chords which sound like the strumming of Spanish guitars. He gave harpsichord lessons to the Infanta Maria Barbara at the Royal Court in Lisbon in Portugal. When she married she took Scarlatti, her harpsichord teacher, with her to Madrid in Spain where he spent the rest of his life.

Wilhelm Friedemann Bach

Wilhelm Friedemann Bach (22 November 1710 – 1 July 1784) was a famous German composer and organist.

He was born in Weimar. He was the son of Johann Sebastian Bach, who taught him to play the harpsichord and organ. Johann Sebastian wrote some pieces and put them in a book called "Notebook for Wilhelm Friedemann Bach". Although they are in order of increasing difficulty, it is not known if these were used to teach him to play, or how to write music. The book does contain two allemandes and four preludes written by Wilhelm Friedemann. He also learned to play the violin.

Wilhelm Friedemann was an excellent organist, and took over teaching some of his father's students. In 1733 he was appointed as the organist at the Dresden Sophienkirche (St. Sophia's Church). While living in Dresden he continued to write music including harpsichord concertos, sinfonias, trio sonatas, harpsichord sonatas, and other smaller works for keyboard. He published his first music in 1745.

In 1746 became organist of the Liebfrauenkirche at Halle. This was an important position and he was paid twice as much as he had earned at Dresden. He was expected to provide music for feast days, and so he began to compose cantatas which could be reused each year. He still visited his father, and often used parts of his music. After his father's death in 1750, Wilhelm Friedemann inherited as lot of his father's music, and tried to make people think they were his compositions. He was in trouble with the church when he went to Leipzig to sort out his father's estate. They felt that he was away for too long and was not fulfilling his proper duties.

In 1764, after arguing with a lot of people, he left the job in Halle, remaining unemployed and living a life of poverty until his death.

He had a lot of talent which he did not use. He was a very good improviser, but was careless when playing music by other composers, including his father's.

Indiana Jones

Dr. Henry "Indiana" Jones, Jr. is a fictional American professor, archaeologist, and adventurer.

He originally appeared in a series of movies produced by George Lucas and directed by Steven Spielberg in the 1980s, 2008, and 2023, in which he was played by actor Harrison Ford.

Indiana Jones is noted for his trademark bullwhip, his fedora hat, and his great fear of snakes.

"Indiana Jones" is also the general name given to the series as a whole, which has five movies, a TV series, novels, comics, video games, and other media.




Lord Protector

A Lord Protector is a British title for heads of state. It has two different meanings at different times in history.

The title of "Lord Protector" was first used by royal princes or other nobles who ruled as regent while the English monarch was still too young to rule or was not able to rule for some other reason, in this case the Lord Protector would make all the decisions for the country, and the young monarch would decide whether they agree or not.

The Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland was the title of the head of state during the Interregnum, following the first period of the Commonwealth under Council of State government. It was held by Oliver Cromwell (December 1653 – September 1658), leader of the roundheads and his son Richard Cromwell (September 1658 – May 1659) during what is now known as the Protectorate. 

Fantasy

Fantasy is a genre of fiction (make believe) that shows some form of magic or supernatural elements.

Often fantasy also means that the story happens in a fictional place, a world different from our own (e.g. Middle-earth or Narnia). Although the word fantasy is most often applied to low-tech worlds, it also can depict high tech worlds, overlapping with science fiction (science fantasy). Or it is used for historical fiction, if it is magical in some way.



Materialism

Materialism is the philosophical belief that the world is made of material, and that there are no other types of entity (things). Everything is composed of material. Things that are not made of material, such as consciousness, are the result of actions by material. In other words, matter is the only real substance. "Physicalism" is a related term.

Especially, a materialist does not believe in supernatural entities. Many of history's materialists thinkers have found the idea of a spirit either meaningless or not scientifically proven. By definition, these thinkers are therefore also atheists, though not all atheists are materialists, and there have even been some historically important Materialist thinkers who believe in a Pantheist idea of God (such as Baruch Spinoza and Friedrich Engels).

Modern philosophical materialists extend the definition to include other basic entities proven by science, such as energy, forces, and the curvature of space. Matter and energy are known to be interchangeable, and much else, such as gravity, is caused by matter. However, the concept of matter is itself not entirely clear. 

There are other types of materialism that of philosophers have shared. Some examples are reductionism, logical positivism and empiricism.

The origin of materialism is in a type of Ancient Greek philosophy. Thales, Epicurus, and Lucretius are early materialist philosophers. The idea also appeared in other ancient cultures.

 

Northern Cyprus

Northern Cyprus (), officially the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC; , "KKTC"), is a "de facto" state in the northern half of the island of Cyprus. It is internationally recognised as part of the Republic of Cyprus and only Turkey recognises it as a separate state. Three hundred thousand Muslim Turkish Cypriots live in its 3,335 km². Turkey is the only country which recognizes the territory as an independent republic despite the international sanctions and embargoes in place.

Cyprus was conquered and became part of the Ottoman Empire from 1570 to 1914. Many Ottoman Turkish people became settlers. As the Ottoman Empire sided against the British empire in World War I, the British annexed Cyprus. In 1923, by the Treaty of Lausanne Turkey gave up the island to the British Empire which in 1925 converted it to a crown colony. The British administered it from 1878 until 1960. Cypriot Turk males are circumcised, because Sunni Islam is the main religion.

In 1974, Turkish Cypriots were killed at the Maratha, Santalaris and Aloda massacre, in response to a growing conflict with Greece, the Turkish army invaded and occupied Cyprus. Many settlers from mainland Turkey came from Turkey into the northern part of the island. The move drew international condemnation and Northern Cyprus remains unrecognized by the United Nations.

Since 1974, the United Nations has established a ceasefire line between Turkish Cypriots and Greek Cypriots. The <nowiki>"Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus"</nowiki> was formed in 1983 and Rauf Denktash became the first president. Negotiations for a unified island have been held several times without success.

Northern Cyprus, despite its international pariah status, stands out amongst other "frozen conflict" zones as having a relatively stable and democratic form of government with high levels of political freedom and civic engagement in the political process.

The Gurbeti-Roma are a Xoraxane Roma Muslim subgroup, who settled in Cyprus since it was part of Ottoman Empire. They speak Gurbetca an own Romani dialect and Cypriot Turkish.


New Caledonia

New Caledonia (; popular name: "Le caillou") () is a ""sui generis" collectivity" (in practice an overseas territory) of France, made up of a main island ("Grande Terre") and several smaller islands. It is in the region of Melanesia in the southwest Pacific. At about half the size of Taiwan, it has a land area of 18,575.5 square kilometres (7,172 sq mi). At the 2004 census, 230,789 people lived there. It has an internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) of .nc. The capital and largest city of the territory is Nouméa. The currency is the CFP franc. The inflation rate is -0.6%. The unemployment rate is 17.1%

A referendum was held in November 2018 to see if New Caledonia should declare independence from France. The results were more people wanted to stay in France than leave.

Dam

A dam is a large wall or barrier that blocks or stops the flow of water, forming a reservoir or a lake. Most dams have a section called a spillway or weir over which, or through which, water flows, either sometimes or always.
Dams generally serve the primary purpose of retaining water. The tallest dam in the world is the 300 meter high Nurek Dam in Tajikistan.

Some of the first dams were built in Mesopotamia up to 7,000 years ago. Modern dams are built with arched walls of steel rod-reinforced concrete. The arched wall is a very strong shape which helps the wall to withstand the huge weight of the water.

There are a number of reasons that people build dams. Some countries build dams to control the flow of water in the downstream river systems, and prevent flooding. Other countries build dams to generate electricity using hydroelectric turbine generators. Other countries use dams to store water for use in irrigation (for farming) or drinking by people.

David Beckham

David Beckham (born 2 May 1975) is a former English association football player and businessman. He is now the majority owner of MLS team Inter Miami CF and the minority owner of EFL League Two club Salford City F.C..

In June 2003, Queen Elizabeth II gave David Beckham an OBE. In January 2005, David Beckham became a UNICEF ambassador. 

When he moved from Manchester United F.C. to Real Madrid in 2003, he became the highest paid footballer in the world (this has long since been surpassed).

David Beckham was born at Whipps Cross University Hospital in London, England. He was the son of Ted and Sandra Georgina West. He grew up in the Manchester football youth system along with Ryan Giggs, Nicky Butt, Phil Neville, Gary Neville, and Paul Scholes who all turned out to be famous footballers. Beckham’s maternal grandfather was Jewish, and he describes himself as "half-Jewish", and wrote in his autobiography "I've probably had more contact with Judaism than with any other religion".

From 1992 through 2003, he played for Manchester United in the Premier League.

After leaving Manchester United, he signed a four-year contract with Real Madrid which ended in June 2007.

From 2007 to 2012, he played for LA Galaxy in the United States. He was loaned out to AC Milan of Italy for the 2008 - 2009 and the 2009 - 2010 seasons before joining the Galaxy again.

He played for Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1 until the end of the 2012/13 season. After the season ended, he retired.

He played for England for 13 years, from 1996 until 2009. He was dropped from the England team after giving up his England captaincy but regained his place in the England squad when Fabio Capello became the England manager in 2008.

David Beckham's wife is singer Victoria Beckham. Some people call her Posh Spice because she was a member of the Spice Girls. The couple have three sons: Brooklyn Joseph Beckham (born 4 March 1999 in London), Romeo James Beckham (born 1 September 2002 in London), and Cruz David Beckham (born 20 February 2005 in Madrid, Spain), and a daughter Harper Beckham (born 2 July 2011). She is also the youngest member of the Beckham family. 

!Total||115||17

Sonata

A sonata is a piece of music for one instrument or one instrument with another instrument accompanying. The word comes from the Italian “sonare” which means “to sound”.

A composer could call any solo instrumental piece “sonata” if he or she wants to, but usually a sonata is quite a long piece with several movements. A sonatina is a simple and short sonata.

The term "sonata" was used in the 16th century to mean anything that was not sung.

In the Baroque period (17th and early 18th centuries) many composers like Arcangelo Corelli wrote sonatas with several movements. There were two types: “sonata da camera” (“room sonata” i.e. “chamber sonata”) which were for playing in people’s homes, and “sonata da chiesa” (“church sonata”) which were for being played in churches. The first type would have harpsichord accompaniment and the second type organ accompaniment. There would also be a cello playing the bass line. The solo instrument might be a violin, flute, recorder or oboe.

At the end of the Baroque period Domenico Scarlatti wrote over 500 sonatas for harpsichord. These are all short pieces in binary form (two sections).

By the time we come to the Classical period sonatas have become longer pieces with three or four movements. They would usually start with a fast movement, then a slow one, and then a fast one at the end. If there were four movements the extra one would be a minuet and trio or a scherzo, either before or after the slow movement. The first movement would be in sonata form. The most important composers of sonatas at this time were Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven

Many composers in the Romantic period wrote sonatas, for example: Brahms wrote piano sonatas as well as sonatas for violin and piano, cello and piano, and clarinet and piano.

In the 20th century composers who have written sonatas include Bartok, Tippett and William Walton.


Sonata form

Sonata form is a way of organizing a piece of music. It has been used in several pieces since the Classical period (from the middle of the 18th century onwards). Listening to pieces of music in sonata form will help to understand it fully and it is helpful to know something about the different keys.

Sonata form is not just used in sonatas. It can be the form for movements from symphonies, concertos, overtures etc.

In the Baroque period composers like Bach and Handel wrote pieces with dance movements such as minuets. These were in “binary form”. This meant that there were two sections. The two sections were often the same length, and were separated by a double bar line which meant that each section was repeated. The music would not be in the same key all the time. The first section could modulate (change key) and then the second section would gradually modulate back again so that it sounded finished at the end.

Domenico Scarlatti wrote sonatas for harpsichord also in binary form, but long and with additional complexity. The first section would start with a theme in the main key, and then modulate to another key for contrast. The second section might be longer than the first second, starting off by modulating to remote keys before arriving back to repeat the main theme. This kind of piece is the beginning of sonata form.

Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven developed the idea of sonata form. A movement in sonata form has three sections called: “exposition”, “development” and “recapitulation”.

This way of building a piece of music was used by almost every composer from the mid 18th century onwards – well into the 20th century. It gives scope for a very dramatic piece. Of course, composers sometime use it differently. There is often a sense of development during the whole piece, not just during the so-called “development section”. The first movement of Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony spends all the time developing the famous idea heard at the beginning: the first four notes (short-short-short-long). Even the other three movements carry on developing this idea.

The Lord of the Rings (disambiguation)

The Lord of the Rings is an epic high fantasy novel by J. R. R. Tolkien.

The Lord of the Rings may also refer to:

There have been several movies based on the book by J. R. R. Tolkien:



Aria

An aria is a long song accompanying a solo voice. An aria is usually in an opera. It is an Italian word of the 18th century meaning “air” (i.e. a tune).
A small amount of text is used in an aria. Characteristics include the use of melismas, repetition and sequences. Typically there would be full accompaniment to the solo voice in the aria although this is not the case in Purcell's Dido and Aeneas where the majority of its arias are only accompanied by the continuo part.

In operas of the Baroque period most of the music was either “recitative” or “aria”. Recitative (from a word meaning: “to recite” i.e. “to tell”) was sung quickly, almost as if it were being spoken. The singer was accompanied just by a few supporting chords, usually on a harpsichord. The story was being told in the recitative.
Once the situation in the story had changed there would be an aria. The singer would sing a song which expressed his or her feelings. The aria had more musical interest than the recitative. Arias were usually in what we call “ABA” form or “Da Capo” form. There was a main section, then a middle part, then the main section was repeated (“Da Capo” means: “back to the beginning”). In the Da Capo section the singer usually improvised, adding many embellishments and ornaments. The aria gave performers the opportunity to show off their virtuosity.

The word “aria” is not just used in opera. Arias can be found in cantatas or just by themselves. Sometimes pieces for instruments are called “aria”. These are often a tune with variations, such as Handel's famous "Air with Variations" for harpsichord, also known as .

In the 19th century the difference between recitative and aria in opera started to disappear. Composers like Richard Wagner made the music much more continuous. He did not want audiences clapping in the middle of his operas. He wanted the music to develop dramatically and continuously.

Elijah Wood

Elijah Jordan Wood (born January 28, 1981, in Cedar Rapids, Iowa) is an American actor.

He has been a professional actor since he was nine years old. Wood is best known for his role of Frodo Baggins in the "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy.



Ian McKellen

Sir Ian Murray McKellen (born 25 May 1939) is an English actor. He has had a Tony Award and two Oscar nominations.

McKellen was born on 25 May 1939 in Burnley, Lancashire. In 1939, he moved to Wigan. In 1951, he moved to Bolton.

His work has spanned genres from serious Shakespearean and modern theatre to popular fantasy and science fiction movies.

In a television movie role in 1970 titled "Edward II", he and his co-star, James Laurenson kissed in British television's first gay kiss.

Best known for his roles as Gandalf in the 2001-2003 "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy, as Sir Leigh Teabing in "The Da Vinci Code", and as Magneto in the "X-Men" series of movies. He appeared in The Hobbit movie series.

He is openly gay and is a prominent activist for the rights of LGBT people. He said that the reason why he took the role in the "X-Men" movies was because of his sexuality. He said: "Mutants are like gays. They’re cast out by society for no good reason".

He was made a CBE in 1979 and knighted in 1990 for his outstanding work and contributions to the theatre. In 2008 he was made a Companion of Honour.

McKellen said in 2012 that he was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2006.

McKellen once signed an autograph to a fan stating "Fuck off, I’m gay." The person given the autograph was politician Michael Howard.



Gandalf

Gandalf is a Middle-earth wizard from the books The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings.

Gandalf the Grey wanted Bilbo Baggins to let him go an adventure with him and the Company of Thorin Oakenshield to take back Erebor from Smaug. Decades later, he would help Bilbo's nephew Frodo bring the One Ring back to the fires of Mount Doom.

In the Peter Jackson movie adaptations of both books, Gandalf was played by Ian McKellen. In The Hobbit movies, which were written as a prequel to The Lord of the Rings movies, he figures out that the Necromancer happens to be Sauron.

His notable quote "You shall not pass" is known for fantasy and literary fans.

Viggo Mortensen

Viggo Peter Mortensen, Jr. (born October 20, 1958, in New York City) is an American theater and movie actor, poet, musician, photographer and painter. He is best known for his role as Aragorn in Peter Jackson's "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy.


<br>

Sean Astin

Sean Astin (born February 25, 1971 in Santa Monica, California, U.S.) is an American movie actor. Astin is also a director and Oscar nominated producer. He is the son of Patty Duke and he is the adoptive son of John Astin.

Astin married Christine Harrell on July 11, 1992. They have three daughters, Alexandra (born November 27, 1996), Elizabeth (born August 6, 2002) and Isabella (born July 22, 2005), all with the same middle name of Louise.



Ian Holm

Sir Ian Holm Cuthbert CBE (12 September 1931 – 19 June 2020), known professionally as Ian Holm was a retired English actor. 

Ian Holm was born at Goodmayes Hospital in Goodmayes, Essex, He was son of James Harvey Cuthbert and his wife Jean Wilson (née Holm), The hospital was his father working there .

He married to four times, He had five children in his life. 

He died in a London hospital on 19 June 2020 from Parkinson's disease-related problems, at the age of 88.



Luigi Boccherini

Luigi Boccherini (born in Lucca, 19 February 1743; died Madrid, 28 May 1805) is an Italian cellist and composer. As a boy he showed great talent and was sent to Rome to study music. When he returned to Lucca he entered the theatre orchestra and the town band. He travelled a lot, visiting France, Spain, and Germany. In Berlin he was offered the job of chamber composer to the King of Prussia. He took the job, but had to promise only to work for the king, and no one else. When the king died he found himself without a job, so he went back to Madrid. There he found work at times, but a lot of the time he was very poor.

Boccherini is famous for his chamber music. He wrote more than 100 quintets for 2 violins, viola and 2 cellos. He also wrote 4 cello concertos.

Boccherini is sometimes nicknamed "Haydn’s wife" because his music sounds similar to that of Haydn. They may have known one another, but we cannot be sure.

George Frideric Handel

George Frideric Handel (German: Georg Friedrich Händel) (23 February 1685 – 14 April 1759) was a German composer who went to live in England when he was a young man and later became a naturalised Briton. Johann Sebastian Bach and Handel were born in the same year. They were the greatest composers of their time, but they never met. Handel changed his name to George Frideric Handel when he became British; he removed the dots above the "a" and changed the spelling of Georg and Friedrich. The German spelling of his name (Georg Friedrich Händel) is still used by German writers.

Although they both lived in the late Baroque period, Bach and Handel’s music developed differently. Handel wrote many operas and oratorios and by them became very famous. He took many trips, including to Italy where he learned a lot about composition. Bach never left central Germany, and most of the time he was a church musician who was not well known by the general public.

Handel wrote over 42 operas. Later he wrote oratorios. His most famous oratorio is the "Messiah". He wrote anthems, chamber music and orchestral music including "the Water Music" and "Music for the Royal Fireworks".

Handel was born in Halle in the northeast of Germany, in today's Saxony-Anhalt. His father was a barber and a surgeon. He started playing the harpsichord and the organ when he was very young. He was given a clavichord when he was seven and he used to practice it in the attic where his father could not hear him. At the age of nine he was already composing. He had a teacher called Friedrich Wilhelm Zachow who was the organist of the big church, the Marienkirche, in Halle. He learned the organ, harpsichord and violin as well as composition, harmony.

Handel’s father did not want him to study music; he wanted him to be a lawyer. Although Handel's father died in 1697, Handel enrolled at the University of Halle in 1703. He studied law for a year because his father wanted him to do so. After that year, Handel was unhappy studying law. He decided to stop studying law and become a musician. He became organist at the Protestant Cathedral in Halle. The next year he moved to Hamburg where he got a job as violinist and harpsichordist in the orchestra of the opera-house. Here his first two operas, "Almira" and "Nero", were produced early in 1705. Two other early operas, "Daphne" and "Florindo", were produced at Hamburg in 1708.

Handel was becoming a good opera composer, but he wanted to learn more, so he went to Italy in 1707. He spent four years there. His opera "Rodrigo" was produced in Florence in 1707, and his "Agrippina" at Venice in 1709. "Agrippina" was very popular and had 26 performances. It made Handel famous. He also had three oratorios produced in Rome. He wrote sacred music (church music) and other pieces in an operatic style, e.g. "Dixit Dominus" (1707).

In 1710, Handel became "Kapellmeister" (music director) to George, Elector of Hanover, who would soon be King George I of Great Britain. The Elector agreed that Handel could have an immediate leave of 12 months so that he could go to London. He visited London for eight months. His opera "Rinaldo" was performed in 1711. It was the first time an Italian opera had been performed in England. It was an immediate success. Handel returned to Hanover in the summer of 1711 and spent a year writing chamber and orchestral music because there was no opera in Hanover. He was also trying to learn English. In 1712 the Elector allowed him to make another visit to England. In England he had patrons (rich people who gave him money). He had a yearly income of £200 from Queen Anne (while Bach earned as little as eighty pounds in a year). He was having a lot of success, and so stayed in England instead of returning to his job in the Hanover Court.

In 1714, Queen Anne died and the Elector of Hanover became King of Great Britain. Handel might have been in trouble for staying in Britain. According to one story the King forgave Handel because he wrote some lovely music called "Water Music" which was performed on a boat on the Thames at a royal water party. This story about the king forgiving Handel is probably not true. George would have known that Queen Anne was about to die and he would become King of Great Britain and therefore Handel's master again. In fact, the new king doubled Handel’s salary. A few years later his salary increased again when he taught music to Queen Caroline’s daughter.

In 1724, Handel moved into a newly built house in 25 Brook Street, London, which he rented until his death in 1759, 35 years later. The house is now called Handel House Museum and is open to the public. It was here that Handel composed some of his most famous music such as "Messiah", "Zadok the Priest", and "Fireworks Music".

In 1729, Handel's opera "Scipio" (Scipio) was performed for the first time. The march from this work is now the regimental slow march of the British Grenadier Guards. In the next year he took on British nationality.

In 1731, Handel was commissioned to write four anthems for the coronation ceremony of King George II. One of these, "Zadok the Priest", has been sung at every coronation ceremony since.

Handel spent most of his time working on operas. From 1722 to 1726, he was director of the Royal Academy of Music. This was an organisation that put on opera performances. It had nothing to do with the academy which is called the Royal Academy of Music today where young students study music. Handel also worked in the management of the King's Theatres and many of his operas were performed in the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden. He sometimes travelled to Italy to find new Italian singers and persuade them to come to London. London became world famous for operas. In spite of everything Handel was doing for opera he had many enemies as well as friends. There was a lot of rivalry, especially with a composer called Bononcini whose music is forgotten today. Handel gave up operatic management in 1740, after he had lost a lot of money in the business.

In April 1739, age 54, he had a stroke. It was probably this which left his right arm paralysed for a while so that he could not perform, but he made an excellent recovery after six weeks at a health spa in Aix-la-Chapelle. At this time he started to write oratorios instead of operas. In 1742 his oratorio "Messiah" was first performed in Dublin. Surprisingly, it was not successful in London until 1750 when it was performed in aid of the Foundling Hospital Chapel. Handel performed it every year there, which brought the hospital about £600 for each performance. Handel spent most of his time in these later years composing and producing oratorios. "Judas Maccabaeus" was particularly popular. The singers for these oratorios were English and Italian. They were not world-famous virtuosos but singers whom Handel had trained himself.

In August, 1750, on a journey back from Germany to London, Handel was seriously injured when his carriage overturned. In 1751 he started to lose his eyesight. He died, in 1759, in London. The last concert he went to was his own "Messiah". More than 3,000 mourners went to his funeral. He was buried with full state honours in Westminster Abbey. Handel never married, and kept his personal life very private. He left £20,000 which was a lot of money for those days (Approximately 2,800,000 pounds today) His niece inherited most of his money. He also left some of it to friends, servants, relations and charities. His autographs (the original copies of the music that he wrote) are now mostly in the British Museum.

Handel adopted the spelling "George Frideric Handel" on his naturalization as a British subject, and this spelling is generally used in English speaking countries. The original form of his name (Georg Friedrich Händel) is usually used in Germany, but he is known as "Haendel" in France. There was another composer with a similar name, Handl, who was a Slovene and is more commonly known as . This can be very hard for cataloguers (people trying to make a list of his music).

Richard Wagner

Richard Wagner (22 May 1813 in Leipzig – 13 February 1883 in Venice) was a German opera composer. He was one of the most important opera composers in Germany during the Romantic period. Apart from some music that he wrote as a student he wrote ten operas which are all performed regularly in opera houses today. Most of his operas are about stories from German mythology. He always wrote the words himself.

Wagner changed people's ideas of what operas should be. He thought that the drama (the story that is being told with all its tensions) was very important, and he chose the singers for his operas himself, so that he could train them into his way of thinking. The music in his operas did not give the audience a chance to applaud after big solos as it had done in the 18th century: it continues throughout the whole act. He made his music tell the story by using what he called “leitmotifs”. These were melodies or short musical phrases which belonged to particular characters in the opera, or to particular ideas. He had more influence on other composers than anybody else in his time, largely because of his harmonies which became more and more chromatic (using lots of sharps and flats), with many changes of key. He built an opera house to his own design in the German town of Bayreuth. Nearly all musicians in Europe tried to make a journey to Bayreuth to hear Wagner's music. The Wagner festival still takes place every year there.

He studied at the University of Leipzig, although he was not allowed to be a full student because he did not have proper school qualifications. Although he lived a wild life he worked hard at his music. He studied the scores of Beethoven's string quartets and symphonies and he wrote his own symphony which was performed in 1833 at the famous Leipzig Gewandhaus. He wrote his first opera, "Die Feen" ("The Fairies") in Würzburg. He became the conductor of a travelling opera group and fell in love with one of the singers called Minna Planer and he married her in 1836. His second opera, "Das Liebesverbot", based on Shakespeare's play "Measure for Measure" was a failure.

Wagner always liked spending money, and he soon found he owed money to a lot of people, so he went away to Paris where he lived for three years. He was not successful at all there, none of the French musicians showed any interest in him and he was very poor. He still managed to write an opera "Rienzi" in 1841, and this was soon followed by "Der fliegende Holländer", ("The Flying Dutchman"), which still remains a favourite to opera lovers today. It was first performed in Dresden in 1843. The audience did not like it much because they were used to operas like "Rienzi" which were written in the old way. Wagner was given the job of court opera composer in Dresden. He stayed there until 1849. During that time he worked very hard to make opera performances better, improve the orchestra and train the singers. In 1845 he wrote another great opera, "Tannhäuser". People gradually started to understand the way that Wagner's music was telling the drama of the story. After this all his operas were great successes, although there always remained some people who hated his music, e.g. the music critic Eduard Hanslick.

In 1848 he finished working on "Lohengrin" but it was not performed because he was supporting the Revolutions of 1848 in the German states, joining in the demonstrations. Although he did join the fighting he was going to be arrested, so Franz Liszt helped him to escape to Switzerland. He lived in Zürich until 1858. There he wrote about music, conducted, and read stories from Norse mythology. He was starting to think about writing operas about these stories. It was something that would take him over 25 years to complete. They were to become the four operas known as "Der Ring des Nibelungen" ("The Ring of the Nibelung") which, together, tell one long story. The four operas which make up this famous Ring cycle are "Das Rheingold" (The Rhinegold), "Die Walküre" ("The Valkyrie"), "Siegfried" and "Götterdämmerung" ("Twilight of the Gods"). Because of the political situation in Germany at the time, Wagner expected the rise of a socialist state. The operas in the Ring cycle were a new kind of music drama (which Wagner simply called “drama”). These operas can be seen as describing a new kind of world in which humans are free. The music used the idea of leitmotif (in English: “leading motive”), where musical ideas represent characters or emotions, and help the development and understanding of the story.

By 1857 Wagner had written the first two operas as well as Acts One and Two of "Siegfried". However, the third Act of "Siegfried" was not written until many years later, because he could see that at that time there was no suitable opera house to have these operas performed. He fell in love with a woman called Mathilde Wesendonk, whose husband was very rich. This affair led to a separation with his wife, Minna. He wrote an opera about an unhappy love affair: "Tristan und Isolde" ("Tristan and Isolde").

Meanwhile, he wrote another opera: "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" ("The Mastersinger of Nűrnberg"). It is the only comedy Wagner wrote.
It is set in medieval Germany and is about a song contest.

By 1864 Wagner was in debt once more. He fled to Stuttgart to avoid being put into prison (Germany at that time was still made up of many small countries, each with their own laws). Then he had a big stroke of luck. The new king of Bavaria, Ludwig II, who was only 18 years old, adored the music of Wagner. He had read the poem about the Ring of the Nibelungs (Wagner had written the words, but had not finished the music). King Ludwig invited Wagner to finish the Ring cycle for performances in Munich. He gave him somewhere to live, and his new operas were performed in Munich: "Tristan und Isolde" in 1865, "Die Meistersinger von Nűrnberg" in 1868, "Das Rheingold" in 1869 and "Die Walkűre" in 1870. There were plans for a new opera house in Munich, but it was never built because people were angry with Wagner for being in debt in spite of having lots of money from the king. Another thing people did not like was that he fell in love with the wife of the man who had conducted his operas, Hans von Bülow. Her name was Cosima. Her father was the composer Franz Liszt who had not been married to Cosima's mother. Wagner had already left Munich in 1865, but the king still supported him, making it possible for him to live in a large house called Triebschen on Lake Lucerne. Cosima divorced von Bülow in 1870 and married Wagner in the same year.

By now Wagner was working hard at the Ring cycle again. He had promised the king that the four operas would be performed in Munich when they were ready, but he realized that they would need a special kind of opera house. So he designed his own opera house and had it built in the town of Bayreuth. He spent a lot of time travelling and conducting in order to raise money for this huge project. The King Ludwig also gave him a lot of money, and a lovely new house in Bayreuth which Wagner called "Wahnfried" (the name of the house means something like: "Peace from the mad world"). Finally, the complete cycle of four operas was performed in August 1876 in the new opera house, the (Bayreuth Festspielhaus). The third and fourth operas of the cycle, "Siegfried" and "Götterdämmerung " were being performed for the first time.

Wagner spent the rest of his life living in "Wahnfried". Sometimes he travelled. He went to London and made several trips to Italy. He wrote his last opera, "Parsifal", which almost has a religious feeling to it. The story is related to the legends about King Arthur and the Holy Grail. Wagner dictated his memoirs to his wife. His autobiography is called "Mein Leben" ("My Life"). He died of a heart attack when he was staying in Venice. He was buried in the grounds of "Wahnfried".

Wagner had enormous influence on the development of music. Many composers imitated his harmonies, or let themselves be influenced by them. By the early 20th century some composers like Arnold Schoenberg had gone even farther in making more and more complicated harmonies, and composers had to find new ways of composing.

Wagner made his orchestras much bigger than usual. The woodwind, for example, need four of each instrument (four flutes, four oboes etc.), and there are extra instruments like the bass clarinet and Wagner tubas. His ideas about music drama were very important. His music helps the drama to be told because it develops all the time, like the music in a symphony.

Wagner was anti-semitic. Wagner's writings on Jews, including ‘Jewishness in Music’, corresponded to some existing anti-semitic trends of thought in Germany during the 19th century. The published essay attacks two Jewish composers and Jews in general.

Wagner died long before the Nazis arose. Wagner's widow and heirs established direct political links with the Nazis. Their actions to belittle Jewish artists and involvement in anti-semetic organisations after 1914 helped prepare the ground for state-organised expulsion of Jewish artists after 1933.

When Hitler came to power in the 1930s he liked Wagner's music and thought that it was something typically German. Wagner's ideas in "Die Meistersinger von Nűrnberg" about German art suited some of Hitler's thoughts. After the war, the music was wrongly thought of as being something of the Nazis. Wagner wrote things that freely expressed his dislike of Jewish composers, although he praised Felix Mendelssohn for his Hebrides Overture. Wagner also had some Jewish friends. Wagner's music is played very rarely in Israel. Daniel Barenboim made people in Israel angry by conducting Wagner's music at a Jerusalem festival in 2001. 

A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court

A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court is a novel. It was written by Mark Twain. It was published in 1889. It is one of the first stories about time travel. 

Hank Morgan is an American from late 19th-century Connecticut. He travels back in time to King Arthur's Camelot. He has a lot of knowledge of science and technology. He becomes very powerful. People call him "The Boss". He tries to improve medieval society according to the morals and technologies of his time. In the end, Merlin puts Hank in a magic sleep. Hank wakes in his own time.

Juno (mythology)

Juno (), in Roman mythology, is the wife of Jupiter and the queen of the gods. Her father was Saturn. She was later identified with the goddess Hera, the wife of Zeus in Greek mythology. She was the goddess of marriage and childbirth. She was called Juno Regina ("Queen"). She was the patron goddess of Rome and a protector of the state. With Jupiter and Minerva, she was part of the Capitoline triad of gods.

Juno, Roman goddess and Hera, Greek goddess, are the same person just believed to be different.

Excalibur

Excalibur is a legendary sword, in the mythology of Great Britain. It was owned by King Arthur. The sword and its name have become very widespread in popular culture, and are used in fiction and films. Excalibur is a symbol of divine kingship and great power.

The sword was obtained by the king with the advice of his wizard-adviser . But it was considered that there existed two Excalibur swords. The first was the one Merlin put into the stone and said that the throne will be taken by the one who will take the sword out of the stone.do it. The second Excalibur was the one to which Merlin took the King. The sword was located at a magical lake where the Lady of the Lake gave it to Arthur. The Excalibur was made by an elf. Later the sword was stolen by his sister and it was the time when the scabbard (sword coverage) was lost. In the battle of Camlann, Arthur was hurt, and he told Bedwyr (Griflet) to return the Excalibur to the lake.
One of the earliest names of King Arthur's sword was Caladfwlch. It is a Welsh word that comes from Calad-Bolg (Hard Lightning). Later it was changed to Caliburn by Geoffrey of Monmouth. And today we know it as Excalibur, due to French.

The legend of Excalibur is similar to the Irish hero, Cú Chulainn, who had a sword named Caladbolg; or to Norse Legend of Sigurd. All these swords were made by an elf. Sometimes he is named Wayland (Saxon myth); and Gofannon (Celtic myth).

Clarent is one of King Arthur's two mythic swords. The first is Excalibur, the sword of war, and the second Clarent, the sword of peace. The Clarent sword is less known because it was used for peaceful acts, whereas the Excalibur was well known because it was used to defend Camelot. But by the legend the Clarent Sword play a very important role. It was stolen by the traitor Mordred, who later used it against Arthur and cut him to death.

In some versions of the story of Excalibur, it is said that the sword was forged in dragon fire, though it is not commonly told of.


Georg Philipp Telemann

Georg Philipp Telemann (March 24, 1681 June 25, 1767) was a German baroque composer. He wrote more than 3,000 pieces of music, many of which were published. As publishing cost much money at that time, this was quite unusual. He mostly taught himself musically and knew how to play instruments. During his life people thought he was one of the greatest composers. He also wrote lots of church music, most of which is not common today.

Telemann was born in Magdeburg. His father died when he was four years old. He studied music with an organist for two weeks. He wrote his first opera at the age of 12. However, his mother did not want him to become a musician. So, she took away his instruments. She did not let Telemann write music. Telemann continued to play and write music secretly. His mother sent him to a school in Zellerfeld. She hoped that Telemann would lose his interests in music. Even so, Telemann continued to write and study music. He learned how to play the figured bass himself. He wrote music for school events. He also wrote church music. After studying in Zellerfeld for four years, he went to study in Hildesheim.

After Telemann graduated, he gave up music. He went to Leipzig to study law. One day, his friend found a piece of Telemann's music. It was a setting of the sixth Psalm. It was soon performed in the Thomaskirche. The mayor of Leipzig heard the performance. He asked Telemann to write church music for the two churches in Leipzig, the Thomaskirche and Nikolaikirche. So, Telemann went back to writing music. He became the director of the Leipzig Opera in 1702. He was chosen to become the organist of the Neukirche.

Telemann founded a collegium musicum in Leipzig. The collegium was a group of students who loved music. On Sundays they performed Telemann's church music. They also performed in coffee houses and for noblemen. The cantor of the Thomaskirche, Johann Kuhnau did not like that his students joined the Collegium.

Telemann left Leipzig in 1705. He became the "Kapellmeister" in the court of Sorau. He worked for Count Erdmann II of Promnitz. The count loved French music. So, Telemann had to write music in the French style. Many musicians were fired by the count. Even so, Telemann was not fired. He left Sorau when Sweden attacked the town in 1706.

Telemann went to work in Eisenach, the birthplace of Johann Sebastian Bach. He was a "Konzertmeister". His job was writing music and playing the violin. Telemann worked with Pantaleon Hebenstreit. He was a better violinist than Telemann. Telemann played concertos for two violins with Hebenstreit. Telemann and Hebenstreit made the orchestra in Eisenach bigger. Telemann hired musicians from Leipzig. Hebenstreit hired musicians from Weißenfels, where he used to work.

Telemann wrote instrumental music in Eisenach. He wrote concertos, overtures, and chamber music. Telemann also wrote church cantatas. After Telemann left Eisenach, Telemann still wrote music for Eisenach. He sent a cantata cycle every two years to Eisenach. A cantata cycle is a collection of cantatas. The cantatas are meant to be performed in a church year. When Duke John William died in 1719, Telemann stopped sending cantatas.

Telemann returned to Sorau to marry Amalie Louise Juliane Eberlin in 1709. She was the daughter of Daniel Eberlin, a composer. She died in 1711 after giving birth to their daughter. Telemann soon left Eisenach.

Telemann went to Frankfurt in 1712. He became the music director of the city's two churches. He taught singing and Latin in the schools. He wrote five cantata cycles for the churches. He published his first set of music in 1715. They are six sonatas for the violin. He led another collegium musicum. It was called the Frauenstein collegium. Telemann wrote music for the collegium. The collegium also performed Telemann's first passion oratorio, the "Brockes-Passion", in 1716. The performance was a success. 

Telemann did not want to work as a "Kapellmeister" again. However, he was asked to become the new "Kapellmeister" when he went to Gotha in 1716. Duke Ernest Augustus I of Saxe-Weimar also wanted to make Telemann the "Kapellmeister" of Eisenach, Gotha, and Weimar. Telemann chose to stay in Frankfurt for five more years.

Telemann married Maria Catharina Textor in 1714. They had nine children.

Telemann moved to Hamburg in 1721. He became the music director of Hamburg. He was in charge of the music in five churches in Hamburg. He had to write two cantatas for every Sunday. He had to write music for special events. He also taught history and music to students. However, Telemann was not allowed to play concerts in public. He was also not paid as much as he wanted.

In 1722, Johann Kuhnau, the cantor of the Thomaskirche died. The city of Leipzig looked for a new cantor. Telemann had worked in Leipzig before. Leipzig's city council wanted Telemann to become the new cantor. So, they asked Telemann to come to Leipzig. Telemann came to Leipzig on August 1. He performed two cantatas for his audition on August 9. He was chosen by the council on August 13. He told Hamburg's city council that he was going to leave Hamburg. Hamburg's city council did not want Telemann to leave. So, they increased his salary. Telemann changed his mind. He did not become the cantor of the Thomaskirche. Johann Sebastian Bach was chosen as the cantor.

Telemann had a debt of 5,000 Reichstalers in 1726. It was because his wife spent a lot of money. Around this time, Telemann started publishing music. He might have started publishing music to pay back his debts. He had paid back 3,000 Reichstalers in 1736.

Telemann went to Paris in 1737. He was asked to come to Paris by French musicians. Some people in Paris had published six of Telemann's quartets. This set is the first part of the "Paris quartets". Telemann did not allow them to publish the set. He published another six quartets, called the , in Paris. This is the second part of the "Paris quartets". Telemann wrote about music in France after he returned to Hamburg. However, he did not finish writing it.

Telemann stopped publishing music in 1740. He sold all of the copper plates which he used to print music. He wrote music theory books. However, he did not publish them. He started to do gardening. He received many rare plants from other composers. Handel sent him a crate of plants from England. Telemann stopped writing new cantatas around 1750. He used music he had written before. He could not direct performances. His legs had become weak. He was helped by his grandson, Georg Michael.

Telemann died on 25 June 1767 at the age of 86. His godson Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach became the next music director of Hamburg.

Telemann wrote more than 3,000 pieces of music. His music mixes different styles. He wrote in the French and Italian styles. He also used Polish folk music's style. He heard Polish folk music when he worked in Sorau. He was one of the first composers to write a concerto for the viola.

Telemann published his own music. At that time, publishing music cost a lot of money. Composers did not get a lot of money by publishing music. Even so, Telemann started a publishing business. He even engraved some of the copper plates himself. The copper plates were used to print the music on paper. He created a musical newspaper. It was called (English: The Faithful Music Master). He published his music in the newspaper. He also published music by other composers.

During his life, people thought that Telemann was one of the greatest composers. Johann Sebastian Bach copied one of Telemann's violin concertos. Bach also arranged another one of Telemann's violin concertos. The arrangement is played on the harpsichord. 182 people bought the first edition of Telemann's "Tafelmusik". This includes George Frideric Handel and Johann Joachim Quantz.

People in the 19th century thought that Telemann's music was bad. They thought his music was not serious. They thought his cantatas were not natural, too dramatic, and used bad text. However, this changed in the 20th century. People began to study Telemann's music again. His music is performed more often.


Giovanni da Palestrina

Giovanni da Palestrina (born Palestrina, (c.1525 – February 2, 1594 in Rome) was a very important Italian composer of church music of his time. He lived in the period called the Renaissance. Most of his music was choral (written for choirs). It is very polyphonic. This means that the different voices (sopranos, altos, tenors or basses) are often singing different words and different parts of the tune at the same time. Many composers since have studied the way that Palestrina wrote, because this is an excellent way to learn to write contrapuntal music.

Palestrina took his name from the town where he was born. We are not sure of the exact date of his birth. Any records of his birth were destroyed when the town burned in 1577. He was probably a choirboy in Palestrina. When he was grown up he got a job as organist and choir director at the Roman basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore. He was not earning much money, but he married a lady who came from a very rich family, so he was comfortably off. Pope Julius III heard about how good this young composer was. He asked him to come and meet him. He was given the job of master of the Capella Juliana, the choir that sang at the services in St Peter’s, Rome. This was the top job in Italy and he was only 26. Of course, Palestrina composed a mass in the pope’s honour.

Palestrina composed 93 masses (these are musical settings of the words of the communion service). He also wrote motets and madrigals. Palestrina and Lassus were the two greatest composers of the late Renaissance.

The Prince and the Pauper

The Prince and the Pauper is a book by Mark Twain. It was published in 1882. The story has been adapted to stage, television, and movies.

The story takes place in England, in the year 1547 when the King has a glorious and much rejoiced birth of the son he awaited, Edward the fourth, after many sisters (Mary and Elizabeth)and still births. By chance, Prince Edward, son of King Henry VIII of England and Jane Seymor, and Tom Canty, a pauper (poor boy), find out that they look exactly the same, like identical twins. After they put on each other's clothes for fun, the prince is thrown out of the palace, while people think that Tom is the prince. Now both Edward and Tom have to live in a world where they are treated different and which they do not understand. 

Tom lives the life of a prince. On the streets of London, Edward is saved by the nobleman Miles Hendon. Edward travels with Miles around England. There Edward sees and has to live with the poverty and cruel treatment in the life of the poor people. 

Then King Henry VIII dies. People prepare to make Tom the next King. At the crowning ceremony, Edward arrives and says that he is the real Prince. In the end, Tom and Edward can clear everything up. Edward becomes King of England. Tom Canty becomes "The King's Ward", a position in which he can live comfortably for the rest of his life. Miles Hendon is made an Earl. King Edward's rule is very good to the common and poor people, because he has lived that way for a while and knows how hard it is.

The Adventures of Tom Sawyer

The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a book written by Mark Twain, published in 1876. There is also a sequel, the "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn".

It is the story about the boy Tom Sawyer who lives in America in the first half of the 19th century and has adventures in his everyday life.

Tom Sawyer is 12 years old and lives with his Aunt Polly, his half-brother Sid and his cousin Mary in St.Petersburg, a small town along the Mississippi River.
Because Tom went to school and made his clothes dirty in a fight, he gets punished and he had to whitewash the fence. Because he does not want to do this, he tells some boys what a “pleasure” it is to do the work. His plan works and the boys even pay him for this.

As the story goes on, Tom falls in love with Becky Thatcher, the Judge’s daughter. He convinces her to get “engaged” to him but when she finds out that she is not the first girl he is engaged to, she breaks up with him.
One night, Tom goes with Huckleberry Finn, the town drunk’s son, to the graveyard to try out a “cure” for warts. When they arrive there at midnight, they see Injun Joe murdering Dr. Robinson. The murderer blames his drunken companion Muff Potter for committing the crime and in addition to that, Injun Joe’s accomplice gets arrested the next day. Because Tom and Huck are afraid of him, they swear not to tell anybody about what they have seen.

Some days later, Tom, Huck and their friend Joe Harper run away to an uninhabited island on the Mississippi. They want to become pirates there. The boys are having a great time there and do not care about their families and friends. After some days, their families search their bodies in the river because they think the boys are drowned. Because Tom wants more information, he returns home without being seen and overhears his aunt and some other people from town talk about the boys’ funeral. Afterwards he goes back to the island to tell his friends about his idea to return home at their funeral. Huck and Joe are convinced that this will be a big surprise and agree. As they expect, everybody is surprised and happy that they are back. After their return all classmates admire them.

After this incident, Becky is interested in Tom again and they continue where their relationship first ended.

Then the trial of Cheyenne Frazier started. At this moment, Tom feels guilty for not telling the truth. So he tells that Injun Joe is the real murderer but he does not mention that Huck also saw the crime. After this, Muff Potter comes free and Injun Joe flees through a window. Now, Tom is afraid that Injun Joe could kill him.

Sometime later, Tom and Huck see Injun Joe and his companion when they find a box full of gold coins in the “haunted house”. The boys follow him to see where they hide the treasure but it does not work. When they find out that Injun Joe hangs out in a room in the “Temperance Tavern”, Huck shadows the murderer each night.

One night, Tom and Becky go on a picnic with their classmates to McDougal’s cave. Both told their families that they spend the night at a friend’s house because they want to stay the night together. Later that night, they separate from the others and get lost in the cave. Nobody notices that they are gone, so their families miss them just the next morning.

The same night, Huck follows Injun Joe who hides the box of gold. Huck hears him and his companion talking that they want to kill the widow Douglas. Afterwards, he goes to the Welshman who helps to chase the criminals away.

In the meantime, Tom sees a person in the cave and first thinks of help, but it turns out that it is Injun Joe. He does not tell Becky about that and after a long time Tom finds a small hole where they can escape.

After some days, Tom wants to visit Becky and her father tells him that the hole has been closed. The boy tells the Judge that he saw Injun Joe inside the cave. So the townspeople go to the cave where they find the dead body of Injun Joe.

Tom shows Huck the hole where he got out of the cave and both search and finally really find the treasure inside.

In the end, the Widow Douglas adopts Huck Finn. First Huck does not like it but Tom tells him that he can just join his robber band if he stays. Finally, Huck agrees.


Billy Boyd

Billy Boyd (born 28 August 1968, in Glasgow) is a Scottish actor. He is best known for playing Peregrin Took in the "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy (2001–2003) and Barrett Bonden in Peter Weir's movie "" (2003).

As well as being an actor, he can sing, and play the guitar, bass, and drums. He wrote and sang a song in Peter Jackson's "".
He worked as a book-binder for 6 years before becoming an actor. One of the books he bound was "The Lord of the Rings".

He lives in a house in Lesmahagow with his girlfriend, Alison McKinnon. On 26 April 2006, he and McKinnon had their first child: Jack William Boyd.


Turing machine

Turing machine is a term from computer science. A Turing machine is a system of rules, states and transitions rather than a "real" machine. It was first described in 1936 by English mathematician and computer scientist Alan Turing. There are two purposes for a Turing machine: deciding formal languages and solving mathematical functions. Turing machines are one of the most important formal models in the study of computer science.

A Turing machine consists of the following components (simplified):

Also, a working-alphabet (set of characters) has to be defined.

When a Turing machine is started, a word (out of the working-alphabet) must be present on the infinite tape of the machine. The read/write-device on the first character now reads the first character and depending on the current state of Turing machine the read/write-device overwrites the character with a new one or moves one cell to the left or to the right. Furthermore, the current state of the machine can be switched.

For decidability theory a Turing machine is said to "decide a language" if it is always able to determine whether a given word is contained in a certain language or not. Therefore, the machine usually has two special states marked as "Accept" and "Reject". After a while one of the two states will be reached (depending on the input word) and the machine is halted. If only one of the two states will ever be reached, the Turing machine is said to "semi-decide" a language.

If a Turing machine is used for the computation of functions it only has one "end state". When the machine comes to that state it is halted and the result of the function (depending on the input) can be found on the tape.

Turing machines were not invented to be built in reality, but they are very important for theoretical computer science as they are one of the simplest models for computers. The Church-Turing thesis states that all computers are only as powerful as Turing machines. This can be used to prove if a problem is solvable by a computer or not.



Canadian football

Canadian football is football generally played in Canada and follows much the same general rules as American Football. Compared to American football, the field is slightly longer and wider, 110 by 65 yards (101 by 59 m) rather than 100 by 53 1/3 yards (91 by 49 m), and the endzones are 10 to 15 yards deeper. There are also only 3 downs instead of 4, and the field goal posts are at the front of the endzone instead of the back. There are 12 players per team on the field during play. More than one player may be in motion before the snap of the ball and the rules are less strict about players position relative to the line of scrimmage.

John Rhys-Davies

John Rhys-Davies (born 5 May 1944, in Ammanford, Carmarthenshire, Wales) is a Welsh actor. Although he has played in many movies, Rhys-Davies is probably best known for his characters in two blockbuster movie series: Sallah in the "Indiana Jones" movies and the dwarf Gimli in the "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy. He has also frequently provided his voice for heirloom audio productions adaptation of G.A Henty's novels.


Sean Bean

Sean Bean (born as Shaun Mark Bean on 17 April 1959) is an English actor. As an actor, he adopted the Irish/Scottish spelling "Sean" of his first name. He was born in Handsworth, Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire.

Tripoli, Greece

Tripoli () is a city in Greece. It is in the center of the Peloponnese. It is built at an altitude of about 600 meters, at the bottom of Mainalo mountain. It had 28,876 people according to the 2001 census. Tripoli is the capital of Arcadia prefecture. 

Tripoli is connected to the capital city Athens by a motorway between Corinth-Tripoli-Kalamata, which is a part of the E65. 

Harry Patrinos

Katerina Mertikas


2006 FIFA World Cup

The 2006 FIFA World Cup was a football (soccer) sporting event that was held in Germany from June 9 to July 9, 2006. 32 teams took part from many countries. Italy won the trophy after beating France in the final on penalties. Germany got third place at home.






Schedule

Polynesia

Polynesia is a group of over 1,000 islands in the Pacific Ocean.

Polynesia is the islands in a triangle in the Pacific Ocean. The top of the triangle is Hawai'i, the bottom left is New Zealand and the bottom right is Easter Island. All the islands inside the triangle are Polynesia.


Cocaine

Cocaine (also cocain) is a strong stimulant drug that is made from coca leaves that is in most countries was made illegal in 2017. Cocaine is usually a white powder. Because it is a stimulant, cocaine gives people energy. It also makes people feel very happy when it is taken. When used this way, cocaine is very addictive. However, cocaine can also be used as a local anesthetic if it is applied topically (onto the skin or gums). 

The Inca of Peru were consumers. Cocaine is taken from the leaves of the coca plant of South America. Coca plants are mostly grown in South America, in countries like Brazil or Argentina. When Spanish conquistadors (explorers) discovered coca plants, they sent them back to Europe. People started using cocaine as a medicine, as well as in drinks and food. This was because they did not know how damaging and addictive the drug could be when used.

In America, cocaine was used during surgery, or to treat toothaches. It was also put into drinks. When Coca-Cola was first made in 1885, it got the first part of its name from the "handful of coca leaves" added to the drink for energy. (The caffeine in the drink came from the kola nut, so the name "Coca-Cola" was chosen.) Cocaine was taken out of Coca-Cola completely by the 1920s because of pressure from groups in the United States.

When cocaine is applied topically (onto the skin or gums), it causes numbness.

When cocaine is chewed or eaten, inhaled into the nose ("snorted"), or injected into the veins, it causes people to feel euphoric (very happy), alert, very confident, and full of energy. This feeling is called being "high." Some people who take cocaine also have unpleasant feelings. They may feel worried, anxious, or even paranoid. They may also have physical symptoms, like shaking, a high heart rate, and high body temperature.

Cocaine cannot be smoked in its normal form. It must react with another chemical to form crack cocaine, which can be smoked. This is because burning normal cocaine destroys it, so the user does not get the effect they want.

In most countries, it is illegal to make, sell, or use cocaine (unless it is being used for approved medical reasons).

As an illegal drug, cocaine can be used in its powder form, or it can be made into crack cocaine. Usually, crack is made by adding baking soda and water to cocaine and then heating the mixture. Crack is usually less expensive than the normal form of cocaine. Crack is usually smoked. It gives users a high that is very strong, but does not last as long as the high from regular cocaine. Both forms of cocaine are addictive, although crack cocaine is thought to be more addictive as it is usually smoked.

If people use cocaine, they may take too much and get sick or even die. This is called an "overdose". When people take cocaine, they get intoxicated as well. When a person is intoxicated, they may do dangerous things, such as having unsafe sex with a person they do not know, or getting into a violent fight with a person.

If a person uses cocaine for a long time, they can start to get strange feelings, like there are bugs crawling under their skin, or they can get paranoia (a feeling that there are people that want to hurt them).

Cocaine is a very addictive drug. It can lead to psychological and/or physical dependence. When a person is addicted to a drug, they might do bad or criminal acts in order to get money for more drugs, such as crimes (for example theft, robbery, fraud, or prostitution). If the person tries to stop using cocaine, they will go through cocaine withdrawal.

Another danger from using cocaine is the risk of infection when using unsafe ways of taking cocaine (like using dirty needles when injecting cocaine). A person can get infectious diseases like HIV or Hepatitis C when they use cocaine in these ways.

Cocaine is also occasionally used as a legal medicine in Australia and some parts of Europe, if a person has a prescription from a doctor. Doctors sometimes prescribe cocaine for people who want to lose weight, because cocaine decreases the appetite. 

Dentists in countries like Australia sometimes use forms of cocaine in dental operations, as an anaesthetic. Doctors, surgeons, and dentists use anaesthetics when they are doing operations, so that the patient will not feel pain. Dentists put the cocaine on the patient's mouth so that the patient will not feel pain in their mouth during the operation. Cocaine is also used as an ADHD medication in various countries around the world legally.

Viola

A viola ( ) is a musical instrument that is similar to the violin and cello. The viola sounds lower than a violin, but higher than a cello. It has four strings: the C, G, D, and A strings. The highest string is the A string. The viola is played with a bow in the right hand. Playing with the bow is called arco. Sometimes the strings may be plucked (pizzicato).

When people see the viola, sometimes they think it is a violin. This is because the viola is only a little larger than a violin, and like the violin, the viola is held on the player's left shoulder. It is also because the sound of the viola is only five notes lower than the sound of the violin. The biggest difference between the viola and the violin is the sound. The viola's lowest string is the "C" string and its highest string is the "A" string. So, to see whether a violin-like instrument is a violin or viola, one will need to pluck the thinnest string. The violin's lowest string is the "G" string and its highest string is the "E" string. Even though the viola and violin can play many of the same notes, they each have a special sound quality. Sometimes people describe the viola's sound as more "dark", "earthy", or "mellow" than the violin's sound.

The person that makes and repairs violas is called a luthier.The Viola is also known as the Cinderella of the orchestra, due to it being unfairly neglected when it comes to popularity to the public and choice of famous classical music. Lionel Tertis and William Primrose were the two famous violists that helped the viola become more respected in general and as a solo instrument.

People who write music often use the viola for harmony notes. It is one of the instruments in a string quartet, along with two violins and a cello. The viola is found in chamber ensembles of string instruments only, and also in full symphony orchestras where strings, woodwinds, brass, and percussion instruments play together. The viola can also be a solo instrument, but is mostly used in an orchestra. The viola comes in many sizes. The sizes are measured in inches, such as a 14-inch viola. The size of the viola is measured from the bottom to the neck of it (its body's length).

String

String is a thin piece of rope or twine which is used to tie, bind, or hang other objects. String can be made from many kinds of fibres.

A "string" can also mean:

In science, computers or mathematics:

In music:

Other meanings:

Windsor, Berkshire

Windsor is a town in Berkshire, England. It is near the River Thames. The official residence of the British monarch, Windsor Castle, is located in Windsor.

Windsor Castle

Windsor Castle is a castle in Windsor, Berkshire, England. It is the largest inhabited castle in the world. Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom lived there for part of the year. The castle was built in the 11th century by William the Conqueror as a motte-and-bailey castle for the protection of England; it has been expanded and rebuilt many times. It was a military headquarters during the English Civil War. In 1992, there was a fire at the castle.

Windsor Castle is near the River Thames.

Peugeot 206

The Peugeot 206 is a car made by the French company Peugeot from 1998 to 2013 in Europe with production ongoing in some markets. The car came in 3 or 5-door hatchback models with a hard-top convertible version added in 2000 and an estate version added in 2002, in 2006 it was replaced by the 207 but the 206 stayed as a budget model, in 2009 a heavily facelifted version called the 206+ arrived although this wasn't sold in the UK. 


Renault Clio

The Renault Clio is a car made by Renault since 1990. There are five generations of the Renault Clio. The Renault Clio was a replacement for the Renault 5. The car was intended to compete against established rivals in the European supermini market such as the Ford Fiesta, Opel/Vauxhall Corsa, Volkswagen Polo, Peugeot 208, SEAT Ibiza and the Fiat Punto.

The first Clio was produced from 1990 until 1998. The design was facelifted twice. It was 3700 millimeters long, 1670 millimeters wide and 1410 millimeters high. This Clio was voted European Car of the Year in 1991. The car went on sale somewhat cheaper than most of its rivals but had a basic interior. The previous Renault 5 continued to sell up until 1996 as a cheaper alternative to the Clio, being badged as the 'Renault 5 Campus'.

A sports version of the Renault Clio I with a 2.0l petrol engine was launched in 1992. This was called the 'Clio Williams' and was designed to compete with other 'hot hatches' such as the Peugeot 205 GTi.

Sales of the Renault Clio I were strong throughout Europe, and it is often credited as the first Renault car to break into the British market as many previous models had sold poorly in the United Kingdom. The Clio did not have to compete with the smaller Renault Twingo in the United Kingdom as this was only made available in continental Europe.

The second Clio was produced from 1998 until 2012. Its design was facelifted three times, the first in 2001, the second in 2006 and the third in 2009. The latter two being called the 'Renault Clio Campus and marketed alongside the Clio III. The rounded design of the Clio II contrasted with the 'square' Clio I. Certain issues with the previous design were addressed, for instance, the front wings were made of plastic, following problems with corrosion on the previous model.

In 1999, the "Renault Sport" or "Clio RS" was launched as a 'hot-hatch' and as a replacement for the previous "Renault Clio Williams". This was entirely based on the Clio II.

A saloon version of the Renault Clio II was launched in South America and Eastern Europe, however was unavailable to customers in Western Europe.

A safety issue where the bonnet of the Clio II could come open whilst driving was highlighted by BBC consumer affairs programme, Watchdog. Some of these models were recalled by Renault. Problems were also highlighed where hazard warning light could come on without notice being unable to be switched off.

The third generation of the Clio has been produced from 2005 until 2014. In 2007 the Clio Grandtour, the station wagon version was launched. The design was facelifted in 2009. The Clio III achieved a 5-star NCAP safety rating, leaving only the Twingo and the Kangoo in the range without one. It's replacement arrived in late 2012.

The fourth generation Clio has been produced from late 2012 to 2020. There's no longer a 3-door model in the range but it's available as a 5-door and a wagon, the latter isn't sold in the UK. The model have become more larger and have hidden rear door handles on the windows. The design was facelifted in 2016.

The fifth generation Clio was revealed in early 2019. The wagon model as well as the R.S. model has been discontinued. 

The Clio 'Papa and Nicole' adverts featuring a young promiscuous woman and her slow witted father ran throughout the cars early years and were voted one of the favourite adverts on television in the United Kingdom.

Trojan Horse

The Trojan Horse is a large wooden horse from the Trojan War in Greek mythology. In the Trojan War, the Greeks were fighting against the city of Troy. The war started when Helen, the queen of Sparta, was kidnapped by Paris, prince of Troy. The Greeks waged war on Troy to win Helen of Troy back. 

The Greeks could not enter the city or win the war. Because of this, Odysseus, one of the Grecian leaders, thought of a way to trick the Trojans. The Greeks built a large wooden horse out of a ship and left it outside the gates of the city as a present for the Trojans, then sailed away. The Greek ships hid behind a nearby land mass. The Trojans took the horse and put it inside their city, thinking it was a victory gift from the Greeks. The Trojans had a festival to celebrate their victory. Odysseus chose a horse so that Athena (goddess of wisdom and strength) would grant them good luck after the battle. After the Trojan victory festival ended, the Greeks, who were hiding inside the horse, came out. They opened the city gates to let the other Greeks enter Troy. The Greeks easily overpowered the unsuspecting Trojans and took control of the city. Because of the Trojan Horse, the Greeks won the Trojan War. 

Today the word "Trojan horse" is used for things that are similar to that story: something that looks good, but in truth has another purpose, usually bad. An example for this is a type of computer virus called a Trojan horse.


Tesco

Tesco is a multinational retailer owned by Tesco PLC from the United Kingdom. It was started by Jack Cohen in 1919 . He had a stall at Well Street Market, in Hackney. He opened the first Tesco grocery store in 1931 in Edgware. His business grew very quickly and there were 100 Tesco stores by 1939. Jack Cohen's business motto was "pile it high and sell it cheap".

At first, Tesco only sold food in its stores, but in the 1990s it began to sell other things like mobile phones, DVDs and videos, clothing, and books. It now also operates petrol stations, banks, and is an Internet service provider in the UK since 2012.

There are different brands of Tesco stores, which are all different sizes. They go from small convenience stores to large hypermarkets. With more than 3,000 stores in the UK alone, it is one of the biggest retailers in the country. Tesco's website was also one of the first to let people buy things from the Internet. 

The company that owns Tesco is called Tesco plc (public limited company) and is listed on the London Stock Exchange. It has opened stores in other countries within Europe and Asia. Countries with Tesco stores include Ireland, Hungary, Malaysia, and Thailand. Today, Tesco is the third-largest retailer in the world when measured by profit and the fifth-largest by revenue.


Fiat Panda

The Fiat Panda is a small car made by Fiat from 1980 to the present day. The first generation launched in 1980 and launched in the UK a year later. A 4x4 model appeared in 1983. A major facelift arrived in 1986 and another one took place in 1991. In 1995, the Panda was axed from the UK with other European markets following shortly after, remaining on sale in Italy right up to 2003. Normally it is bought by small families or young adults because the car is quite cheap and also the tax is not very high. The second generation of 2003 was made in Poland and was the European Car Of The Year in 2004. It received some small updates during it run and was produced until the end of 2012. It entered its third and current generation in 2011 with production moving back to Italy. 

Fiat Croma

Fiat Croma is the name of two different large cars made by Fiat. The first was made between 1985 and 1996, and the design of it was changed in 1991. The second generation has been built between 2005 and 2010. Both have five seats and four doors.

Fiat Ulysse

The Fiat Ulysse was a large car with seven seats made by Fiat in two generations between 1994 and 2010. It is the only Eurovan in the PSA/Fiat joint vesture to have retained the same name in the second generation.



Fiat Punto

The Fiat Punto is a car produced by Fiat in three generations since 1993. Production of the first generation Punto was 3.429 million units, second generation 2.96 million units, and third generation 2.67 million units.










Volkswagen Polo

The Volkswagen Polo is a small car made by the German company Volkswagen since 1975. The first generation was made from 1975 to 1981 with a facelift in 1979. The second generation was made between 1981 and 1994 and was facelifted in 1990. The third generation was made from late 1994 to early 2002 with a facelift in early 2000. The fourth generation launched in early 2002 and featured distinctive twin round headlamps, they were dropped when it was facelifted in mid-2005. The fifth generation arrived in 2009 and was facelifted in mid-2014. The sixth generation launched in late 2017 and now only comes as a 5-door hatchback. In the fall of 2020, the Polo was visually redesigned with the switch to the 2021 model year. Since then, the vehicle has been supplied with the new Volkswagen logo and Polo lettering on the tailgate, which was once on the lower left , has now been positioned in a new font in the middle under the VW logo. Technically, there has been an update to the "Modular Infotainment Kit 3" (MIB3).

Volkswagen Fox

The Volkswagen Fox is a car made by the German company Volkswagen. It has four seats, four wheels and two doors. The car is similar in size to the Ford Ka.

Proton Savvy

The Proton Savvy is a small car made by the Malaysian company Proton Holding. It has 5 seats and 5 doors.

 Toyota
SEAT W MOTORI Renault Suzuki
Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi savvy
Peugeot 107

The Peugeot 107 is a car made by the French company Peugeot. It has been made in the Czech Republic since 2005. It has four seats. The car can have two or four doors. The car is related to the Toyota Aygo and the Citroën C1. In 2009, Peugeot made new versions of the car that looked different. They did this again in 2012. It stopped being made in 2014. This is because Peugeot started making the Peugeot 108. 


Toyota Aygo

The Toyota Aygo is a car made by the Japanese company Toyota in the Czech Republic since 2005. It has four seats and either two or four doors. The car has a 1-litre petrol or 1,4-litre diesel engine. The car is similar to the Peugeot 107 and Citroën C1. It entered its second generation in 2014.


Airbus A380

The Airbus A380 (also called "Super-jumbo-jet") is a four-engined, double-decked airliner manufactured by Airbus. It is the world's biggest passenger airplane, larger than the Boeing 747 Jumbo Jet. However, the six-engine Antonov An-225 super-freighter was even bigger. 

The Airbus A380 can carry up to 850 passengers (but it usually carries about 525), and weighs over 550 tonnes. It has four Rolls-Royce Trent 900 engines or four Engine Alliance GP7000 engines. The companies General Electric and Pratt & Whitney make alliance engines. The last A380 was produced in 2021 and delivered to Emirates. 

Hundreds of A380-800 airplanes have been ordered by 20 airlines. One has been ordered by a Saudi Arabian Prince, Al-Walid bin Talal and 10 by a company called ILFC (who gives other airlines airplanes for rent).

Emirates Airlines (an airline from the United Arab Emirates) has the most A380 aircraft, because they have ordered 123 aircraft. Singapore Airlines took delivery of the first A380, which flew to Sydney in Australia on October 25, 2007. Singapore Airlines has 19 A380s.

Other airlines which ordered the A380 are: 


More than 200 A380 have been delivered, including 15 in 2017 and 12 in 2018.

Airbus was going to make a version of the A380 to carry cargo instead of people. This would look almost the same as the normal passenger version, but with no windows and much bigger doors. Some cargo companies ordered the plane, like FedEx and UPS. Because Airbus took too long to make the A380 freight version, those orders were canceled. Because Airbus has not gotten any orders for the plane anymore, they decided to not make the freighter version for a while and focus on making the passenger version of the A380.

The Airbus A380 had 1 incident, with no deaths.


Paris (Trojan prince)

Paris is a personality in Greek mythology. He is an important person in the Trojan War, and Homer's "Iliad". Paris was the son of King Priam of Troy and his wife Hecuba. Because it was prophesied that he would bring the end and destruction of Troy, he was left to die in the wilderness, but was found by another man, who took him as a son and named him Paris.

Three goddesses, Hera, Aphrodite, and Athena, had a beauty contest with a prize of the golden Apple of Discord of Eris (goddess). Paris was the judge and they all bribed him. Hera offered him power, Athena offered him wisdom, and Aphrodite promised him the most beautiful woman in the world, Helen. 

The problem was that Helen was already married to Menelaus, the brother of Agamemnon. Paris took Helen home with him to Troy. This caused the Trojan War. 

During the war, Paris killed Achilles by shooting his heel with a poisoned arrow. 

Late in the war, Paris was killed by Philoctetes.

Helen of Troy

In Greek mythology, Helen, also known as Helen of Troy (Ancient Greek: Ἑλένη, Helénē), was said to have been the most beautiful woman in the world. The queen of Sparta, Helen was married to Menelaus, but later eloped with Prince Paris of Troy (most often depicted as being kidnapped) and taken to Troy, resulting in the Trojan War as the Achaeans set out to bring her back to Sparta. She was believed to be the daughter of Zeus and Leda, the wife of King Tyndareos of Sparta, and was the sister of twins Castor and Pollux, and Clytemnestra.

RSA algorithm

RSA (Rivest–Shamir–Adleman) is an algorithm used by modern computers to encrypt and decrypt messages. It is an asymmetric cryptographic algorithm. Asymmetric means that there are two different keys. This is also called public key cryptography, because one of the keys can be given to anyone. RSA uses a public key and private key. The public key can be known to everyone- it is used to encrypt messages. Messages encrypted using the public key can only be decrypted with the private key. The private key needs to be kept secret. Calculating the private key from the public key is very difficult.


Hector

Hector (, "Hektōr") was a Trojan prince and one of the central figures of the "Iliad". The first-born son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba, Hector was the heir apparent to the throne and the greatest of Troy's warriors in the defense of the city. Hector fought against a various number of the Greeks through the course of the Trojan War, including Protesilaus and Ajax. He was married to Andromache, with whom he had a son, Astyanax, whom the Trojans called Scamandrios. 

Hector is eventually killed by Achilles (Book XXII of "The Iliad").



Hecuba

Hecuba (also Hekuba or Hekabe) was a person in Greek mythology. She was the wife of King Priam of Troy.

Her children with Priam were: Sons: Hector, Paris, Deiphobos, Helenos, Pammon, Polites, Antiphus, Hipponous, Polydoros. And daughters: Ilione, Creusa, Laodice, Polyxena, and Kassandra.

After the Trojan War she became a slave of Odysseus.

Priam

Priam (Priamos or (Latin) Priamus) is a person in Greek mythology. He was the King of Troy during the Trojan War.

Priam had several wives, but his principal wife was Hecuba. With her he had his favourite son Hector; and Paris the cause of the war.

In Book II of Virgil's "Aeneid", he was killed during the destruction of Troy by Achilles' son Neoptolemus.

Achilles

Achilles (Ancient Greek: Ἀχιλλεύς, "Akhilleus") was a hero of the Trojan War and is the main character of Homer's "Iliad". The son of the mortal hero Peleus and the Nereid Thetis, he is the leader of the Myrmidons, and is described as the greatest of all the Achaean warriors. The "Iliad", which is set in the ninth year of the Trojan War, starts with an argument between Achilles and Agamemnon, the commander of the Greek forces.

Achilles' most notable feat during the Trojan War was his slaying the Trojan prince Hector outside the gates of Troy, as revenge against Hector for killing his friend, Patroclus. While Achilles' death is not presented in the "Iliad" (as the poem ends with Hector's funeral), other sources say that he was killed near the end of the war by Paris, who shot him in the heel with an arrow.

Later stories say Achilles was invulnerable in all of his body except for his heel, as that is where his mother Thetis held him when she dipped him in the River Styx as an infant. As such, the term "Achilles' heel" has come to mean a point of fatal weakness. Because of that, his heel was still vulnerable. However, the "Iliad" does not say this.

According to the legend, Achilles was killed by Paris, who shot his heel with a poisoned arrow. Achilles was shot many times by the arrows of Paris but the only arrow found on his body was through his heel.

Nymph

A nymph is a kind of female nature entity/spirit in Greek mythology. They are often companions of Greek gods and goddesses. Nymphs can be divided into different kinds, such as:

Romantic music

Romantic music is music written in the 19th century. This was the period called the “Romantic period” by musicians. In literature and some other arts the “Romantic period” is often said to begin and finish earlier: around mid 18th to mid 19th century. 

In the Classical period artists liked to see clear forms. 18th century architecture nearly always shows a lot of symmetry. The gardens of the palace at Versailles are a good example of this with their very tidy patterns of straight paths, circular ponds and neatly clipped hedges.

In music the Classical composers such as Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, and Schubert liked to compose music which had a clear plan like sonata form.

In the Romantic period artists thought that feeling and passions were more important than formal plans. This can be seen in the gardens designed by Capability Brown, e.g. in at Blenheim Palace, Oxford. The gardens are made to blend into nature.

In music the Romantic composers may still use plans like sonata form, but feelings and passions are important. They often write what is called programme music which means: music that describes something or tells a story. Beethoven’s Sixth Symphony is called the “Pastoral” which means that it is about the countryside. Although Beethoven is usually called a composer of the Classical period he is also an early Romantic. Later composers such as Felix Mendelssohn wrote pieces like "Hebrides Overture" which describes the sea coming into Fingal’s Cave in the Inner Hebrides Islands in Scotland. Hector Berlioz (1803-1869) wrote a lot of music which tells a story. His "Symphonie Fantastique" is about an artist madly in love. Berlioz’s whole way of life was wild and romantic. He fell in love with an actress he saw on stage playing the part of Juliet in Shakespeare’s "Romeo and Juliet" and he actually married her! Other composers who wrote a lot of programme music include Franz Liszt (1811-1886) and Richard Strauss (1864-1949). Strauss always wrote in a late-Romantic style even although he lived well into the 20th century.

The Romantic period was also the period of Nationalism. "Nationalism" means being proud of one's country. In the 19th century a lot of European countries as we know them were being formed. In music a lot of composers were writing music which was typical of their country. They often did this by using folk music. Antonín Dvořák (1841-1904) and Bedřich Smetana (1824-1884) wrote music which sounds very Czech. Pyotr Tchaikovsky (1840-1893) wrote music with Russian folk songs in them. Gustav Mahler (1860-1911) used German folk songs in his symphonies, and Ralph Vaughan Williams (1872-1958) collected English folk songs and put them in his music. One of those pieces was a Fantasy on the famous tune "Greensleeves".

Nereid

In Greek mythology, the Nereids ( "Nereides") are sea nymphs, the fifty daughters of Nereus, the Old Man of the Sea, and the Okeanid Doris. 

Among them are:

Romance

Romance or romantic might mean:


Romanticism

Romanticism (or Romantic movement) is a movement, or style of art, literature and music in the late 18th and early 19th century in Europe. 

The movement said that feelings, imagination, nature, human life, freedom of expression, individualism and old folk traditions, such as legends and fairy tales, were important. It was a reaction to the aristocratic social and political ideas of the Age of Enlightenment and the Industrial Revolution. 

It was also a reaction against turning nature into a mere science. 

The movement showed most strongly in arts like music, and literature. However, it also had an important influence on historiography, education, and natural history.

Romanticism in Britain was notable as the country was an early adopter of industrialization and science, and included such figures as:

During the same period as Britain, there was a notable romantistic movement in Germany. Important motifs in German Romanticism are traveling, nature, and Germanic myths. Involved were such figures as:



Seveso disaster

The Seveso disaster was a chemical accident on 10 July 1976, at the small Italian town of Meda, 20 km from Milan in Lombardy. There was an leak at a chemical factory which released a lot of the toxic poison dioxin, "TCDD", into the air. The cloud of poison gas covered an area 6 km long and 1 km wide. It was named after the municipality of Seveso. It resulted in the highest known exposure to 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) in residential populations There were many studies and new regulations after the accident. The European Union directive covering the protection against such accidents is known as Seveso-II-directive today. 

The company where the accident happened was called Icmesa. It was owned by Givaudan, who is owned by Roche. Icmesa produced Trichlorophenol, which is used to produce the disinfectant Hexachlorophene. The company was located in four communes; one of them Seveso. 

None of the 20,000 people who lived in Seveso died, but the poison killed 3,000 farm animals and pets. Another 70,000 animals had to be killed to stop the dioxin from getting into the food chain.

Thirty years after the accident, scientists reported that babies born in the area affected by the dioxin were six times more likely to have thyroid problems. The affected people, now in their forties, are being studied to see if it stopped them growing properly, or reduced intellectual development (IQ).

Junichiro Koizumi

Junichiro Koizumi (born 8 January 1942) is the former Prime Minister of Japan. He stepped down in 2006.

Born in Yokosuka, Kanagawa on 8 January, 1942, Koizumi was taught at Yokosuka High School and Keio University, where he studied economics. He went to University College London before returning to Japan in August 1969 when his father died.

While he was prime minister of Japan, he made China and South Korea very angry by continuing to visit the Yasukuni Shrine. He was succeeded by Shinzo Abe.

Majulah Singapura

"Majulah Singapura" (Jawi: ماجولاه سانڬاڤورا, ; "Onward Singapore") is the national anthem of Singapore. It was written and composed by Singaporean musician Zubir Said in 1958. Seven years later, the anthem was adopted. This song must be sung in Malay, although there are translations provided in the country's three other official languages—English, Mandarin Chinese, and Tamil.

Singaporeans are encouraged to sing the national anthem during times of national celebration or at important national events such as at the National Day Parade, at National Day observance ceremonies held by government departments and educational institutions such as schools and universities, and at sports events that Singapore teams take part in. 


Abruzzo

Abruzzo is one of the twenty regions of Italy, in Southern Italy on the Adriatic Sea. The capital is the city of L'Aquila.

The region is located in Southern Italy bordered by Marche to the north, Lazio to the west, Molise to the south and the Adriatic Sea to the east.

Abruzzo is the 13th largest region in Italy, with a total area of . The main rivers in the region are:

The Tronto river is long but flows mainly in the Marche region.

The highest mountain in the region is Corno Grande (), in the Teramo province, with an altitude of .

The region is divided into four provinces:

The 10 communi of the region with more people living in it are:

Teramo

Teramo is an Italian city in Abruzzo. Teramo is the capital of the Province of Teramo. In 2020, Teramo had about 53,000 people.

Aegean Sea

The Aegean Sea is part of the Mediterranean Sea. It is between Greece and Anatolia. It is connected (attached) in the north to the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea by the Dardanelles and Bosporus. The islands of Rhodes, Karpathos and Crete mark the south end.

In ancient times two groups of people lived near the sea the Minoans of Crete, and the Myceneans of the Peloponnese. The city-states of Athens and Sparta came later and were part of Ancient Greece. Persians, Romans, the Byzantine Empire, the Venetians (people from Venice), the Seljuk Empire, and the Ottoman Empire later started around the Aegean Sea. The people near the Aegean were very advanced (powerful and clever) in Ancient history and they sailed across it to talk to each other.

There are seven groups of Aegean islands: the Thracian Sea group, the East Aegean group, the Northern Sporades, the Cyclades, the Saronic Islands (or Argo-Saronic Islands), the Dodecanese and Crete. The word archipelago used to mean these islands. Many of the Aegean islands, or chains of islands, are part of the mountain ranges on the mainland. One chain goes across the sea to Chios, another one goes across Euboea to Samos, and a third one goes across the Peloponnese and Crete to Rhodes. This one divides (splits, cuts) the Aegean from the Mediterranean. Many of the islands have safe harbours and bays, but sailing in the sea is difficult. Many of the islands are volcanos, and marble and iron are mined on other islands. The bigger islands have some green valleys and plains. Two big islands on the Aegean Sea are part of Turkey: Bozcaada () and Gökçeada ().

William de Wiveleslie Abney

William de Wiveleslie Abney (24 July 1843 – 3 December 1920) was an English astronomer, chemist, and photographer. Abney was a member of many scientific organizations.

He was best known for his discovering and measuring the effect of adding white to a hue, in 1910. The effect is generally known as the Abney effect. For example, adding white to red makes it slightly bluish (bluish red is known as pink), and adding white to yellowish green hues makes them less yellowish and thus greener.

Giacomo Casanova

Giacomo Girolamo Casanova (, ; 2 April 1725 – 4 June 1798) was a famous Venetian adventurer and writer. He was born in Venice. He is best known for having had many affairs with women. He died in Dux, Bohemia, (now Duchcov, Czech Republic).

Colima, Colima

Colima is the capital city of the Mexican state Colima. About 240,000 people live there.

Given name

A given name is a name given to a person at birth or baptism. Given names are referred as first names. It is different from a surname. A surname is the last name or family name.

In most Western countries the given name comes first (before the last name or family name). However, in many Asian countries such as India's Telugu States, Japan and China it comes after the last name or family name, and occasionally also in Europe, e.g. in Hungarian.

Christians often call their first name their "Christian name".


Family name

A family name is a name shared by people in the same family. Different cultures have different customs for a person's family name and given name. In English, the family name is always at the end, and it is called a last name or surname. Children usually have the same family name as their father. A married woman usually changes her family name to be the same as her husband.

For example, Mary Brown married John Smith and she changed her name to Mary Smith. They had two children, David Smith and Kate Smith. Smith is the family name shared by the parents Mary and John, and their children David and Kate.

Some languages put the family name first. Some (for example Spanish) give both parents' family names in the children's' surnames. In Russian most surnames change depending on the gender of the person (example: ...ski or ...sky for a male, and ...skaya for a female). Some, such as Javanese, do not often give anyone a family name.


John the Baptist

John the Baptist (also called John the Baptizer or Yahya the Baptizer) is viewed as a prophet by at least three religions: Christianity, Islam, and Mandaeanism. According to the New Testament, he was a preacher who baptized people. 

John called people to turn to God and to prepare for the coming of the messiah (Jesus). He baptized Jesus in the Jordan River.
People would go to him so that he would put them in the water to show that they have turned away from their sins, so that they could get into heaven.

John was the son of Zechariah and Elizabeth, and a relative of Jesus. He was known for living in the wild, wearing clothes made from camel's hair, and eating locusts and honey. In Catholicism, his birthday is celebrated on June 24.

John

John is a name, originating from Hebrew.


People, things and meanings named "John":


There are over 20 popes with the name "John":

People with the first and the last name "John":

List of English monarchs

The King of England was the supreme head of state and head of government of the Kingdom of England. This is a list of the Kings and Queens of the Kingdom of England from 924 until England and Scotland joined together in 1707.



House of Wessex
House of Godwin

In 1066, William, Duke of Normandy invaded England. He defeated King Harold Godwinson and became King. 

House of Blois 




The Tudors were from Wales. In 1536, Wales became part of England. England had controlled Wales since 1284.


The Stuarts were also kings of Scotland, with which kingdom England was in personal, but not legal union until 1707.


The Civil War in England from 1642 until 1652 stemming from a growing enmity between King and Parliament, led to the execution of King Charles I in 1649. After the execution, England became a Commonwealth eventually led by Oliver Cromwell as Lord Protector after successive interim governments failed and handed Cromwell power, and so England became a protectorate. Furthermore, both Ireland and Scotland became subjugated states under England and Cromwell at the end of the war. Cromwell died in 1658 and his son, Richard, became Lord Protector. This was short lived though as he failed to gain the support of the army and so the nation, in 1660 power was given back to the Monarchy and the King In Exile, Charles II, was invited back to England




List of Scottish monarchs

This is a list of the Kings and Queens of Scotland. This list goes from 843 until when England and Scotland joined in 1707.

The House of Alpin traditionally ends in 1034, although this list continues to 1058.

The House of Dunkeld may have begun in 1034.

Guardians of Scotland

Guardians of Scotland




Note: there have been other claims to the Scottish throne besides these


Dandelion

A dandelion is a generous flower. Its scientific name is Taraxacum, a large genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae. "Taraxacum" are native to Eurasia, and have been widely introduced to North and South America and other continents. They are an invasive species in some areas. Two species, "T. offale" and "T. erythrospermum", are found as weeds worldwide. All parts of both species are edible.

Their sharp leaves look a bit like lion's teeth. Its seeds are like little parachutes that fly away with the wind, spreading and growing more dandelions. They are used in China as medicine. Dandelion pollen can often make people have allergies.

Like other members of the Asteraceae family, they have small flowers collected together into a composite flower head. Each single flower in a head is called a floret. Many "Taraxacum" species produce seeds asexually by apomixis, where the seeds are produced without pollination. This results in offspring that are genetically identical to the parent plant.

Al Razi around 900 (A.D.) wrote "the tarashaquq is like chicory". A Muslim scientist and philosopher Ibn Sīnā around 1000 (A.D.) wrote a book chapter on "Taraxacum". Gerard of Cremona, in translating Arabic to Japanese around 1170, spelled it "tarasacon".

Motet

The word Motet is a piece of music for a church service sung by a choir without using any instruments. The words are usually in Latin. If the words are written in English for the Anglican church, it is called an anthem.

Motets have been written since the Middle Ages. Medieval motets often had very complex rhythms. The tenor often had the tune, which might be a folk tune, and two voices would put quite complicated accompaniments on top. The most famous medieval composer who wrote motets was Guillaume de Machaut (1300-1377)

In the Renaissance, motets were usually polyphonic. That means that the different voices (soprano, alto, tenor, bass) would be singing different parts of the melody at the same time, making it very beautiful, but quite complicated to listen to. Many composers of this time wrote motets. The most famous was Giovanni da Palestrina (1525-1594).

In the Baroque period, one of the most famous composers was Heinrich Schütz(1585-1672), who wrote motets which he called “Cantiones Sacrae” (meaning: “sacred songs”). Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) wrote six wonderful motets with German texts. Some people think that Bach may have used a few instruments to accompany these motets. In three of them the choir divide into eight parts.

The most famous motet from the Classical period is Mozart’s "Ave Verum Corpus".

In the Romantic period (19th century), Anton Bruckner (1824-1896) wrote several motets which are still very popular with choirs, both in services and at concerts.

John Carmack

John D. Carmack II (born August 20 1970) is a well known video game creator. He was one of the creators of id Software, a video game company, in 1991. Carmack was the main programmer of the first-person shooter games "Wolfenstein 3D", "Doom", "Quake", and their sequels.
In 1999, Carmack appeared as number 10 in TIME's list of the "50 most influential people in technology".

Carmack is married to Katherine Anna Kang since January 2000 and their son, Christopher Ryan, was born on August 13 2004. In March 2006, Carmack was added to the "Walk of Game", an event that names the most important people in video games.


Anthem

An anthem is a piece of music written for a choir to sing at an Anglican church service. The difference between an anthem and a motet is that an anthem is sung in English. Also most anthems are accompanied by an organ.

The word “anthem” has come to mean “a song of celebration”. Anthems are also patriotic songs adopted by countries of the world. 

The anthem of Greece "Hymn to liberty" is the longest anthem in the world. It has 158 stanzas, written by the poet Dionysios Solomos (although the cut-down version is shorter than Uruguay's, which is more than five minutes long). 

Anthems for the church have been composed ever since King Henry VIII argued with the Pope and did not want to be Roman Catholic any more. He founded (started) the English Anglican church. Church composers were told to write music in English. The words usually come from the Bible. We know that as early as 1502 the composer Fayrfax was paid 20 shillings for composing an anthem. After the Reformation many anthems were composed. At first they were like motets, but in English. Soon the English anthem developed differently from the continental motet. Two kinds of anthem developed: the “Full Anthem” in which the whole anthem was sung by the full choir, and the “Verse Anthem” which was usually longer and had several verses which would be sung by soloists, with choruses for the full choir in between.

Almost every music director of cathedrals or large churches has written anthems. A few of the most famous composers of anthems are:


Chinese characters

Chinese characters are symbols used to write the Chinese and Japanese languages. In the past, other languages like Korean and Vietnamese also used them. The beginning of these characters was at least 3000 years ago, making them one of the oldest writing systems in the world that is still used today. In Chinese they are called "hanzi" (), which means "Han character". In Japanese they are called "kanji," "hanja" in Korean, and "chữ Hán" in Vietnamese.

Chinese characters are an important part of East Asian culture. The art of writing Chinese characters is called calligraphy.

Chinese characters are a type of logogram, which are written symbols that represent words instead of sounds. Most earlier Chinese characters were pictographs, which are simple pictures used to mean some kind of thing or idea. Today, very few modern Chinese characters are pure pictographs, but are a combination of two or more simple characters, also known as radicals. While many radicals and characters show a word's meaning, some give hints of the word's pronunciation instead.

To better explain the different purposes and types of Chinese characters that exist, Chinese scholars have divided Chinese characters into six categories known as "liushu" (六书 / 六書), literally translated as the "Six Books". The six types of Chinese characters are:




Common examples of words using phonetic characters are the names of countries, such as Canada, which is pronounced "Jiānádà" (加拿大) in Chinese. While the third character 大 "dà", which has the meaning "big/large/great", seems to describe Canada well, since it is a big country, the first two characters 加 "jiā", meaning "to add", and 拿 "ná", meaning "to take", have no obvious relation to Canada. Therefore, it is safe to say that these characters were chosen only because the pronunciation of each character sounds similar to the syllables of the English name of the country.



Nobody knows exactly how many Chinese characters there are, but the biggest Chinese dictionaries list about fifty thousand characters, even though most of them are only variants of other characters seen in very old texts. For example, the character 回 (huí) has also been written as the variant characters 迴，廻，囬，逥，廽，and 囘, although most Chinese people only know and use the variant 回. Studies in China show that normally three to four thousand characters are used in daily life, so it is safe to say that someone needs to know three to four thousand characters to be functionally literate in Chinese, or be able to read everyday writing without serious problems.

Characters are a kind of graphic language, much different from languages that use an alphabet such as English. The correct way to tell between them is to remember the structure and meaning of every character, not pronunciation, because there is a very close relationship between meaning and structure of characters. Example: 房(house)=户+方. 房 is a shape-pronunciation character. 户 is for shape and 方 is for pronunciation. 户 means 'door'. 房 means 'A person lives behind a door'. 方 pronunciation is "fang" and tone is 1, and with the tone mark it is written as "fāng". 房 pronunciation is also "fang", but tone is 2, with the tone mark it is written as "fáng".

Chinese characters have been used to write other languages.

There are still many Chinese characters that are used in Japanese and Korean. Generally the educational level of a Japanese person is decided by the number of Chinese characters understood by this person. While Koreans nowadays mostly write in hangul, the native Korean alphabet, people have found that some meanings cannot be expressed clearly by just hangul, so people need to use Chinese characters as a note with a bracket. Before 1446, Korean people only used Chinese characters.

In Japanese, characters that are borrowed from the Chinese language are called kanji. Kanji can be used to write both native Japanese words and Chinese loanwords. Japanese writing uses a mix of kanji and two kana systems. Kanji is mostly used to show a word's meaning, while hiragana and katakana are syllabaries that show the pronunciation of Japanese words. Both writing systems are used often when writing Japanese.

In Korean, they are called hanja. Throughout most of Korean history, hanja was the only writing system most literate Koreans knew. Even though hangul was invented in 1446, it was only used by commoners and not the government until Korea gained independence from Japan. Nowadays, most Koreans write mostly in hangul. In North Korea, people write almost completely in hangul since Kim Il-sung abolished hanja from Korean. In South Korea, people mostly write in hangul, and they sometimes write hanja. Native Korean words are almost always written in hangul. Hanja are usually only used to write words that are borrowed from the Chinese language, and are usually only used when the word's meaning isn't obvious based on the context.

In Vietnamese, they are called chữ Nôm. Many Chinese loanwords were used in Vietnamese, especially in old Vietnamese literature. While Vietnamese used many Chinese characters, they also invented tens of thousands of their own characters to write Vietnamese words. The radicals used in chữ Nôm were usually a mix of the words' meanings and pronunciations.



Improvisation

Improvisation is the art of performing without a script or rehearsal.

In music, improvisation is the art of playing an instrument (or singing) in which the musician or musicians make up the music as they play. Improvising is inventing at the same time as one does something. Some musicians only play music when they have written music in front of them, but it can be great fun to improvise music. It is a way of composing. Improvisation is common during a jam session.

In Baroque times, all musicians were taught to improvise because composers often did not bother to write all the notes down. Musicians would have improvised lots of ornaments, and even whole sections.

Many great composers such as Johann Sebastian Bach, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Ludwig van Beethoven and Franz Liszt were famous for their keyboard improvisations.

Organists are often expected to improvise during a service. In this way they can fill in gaps in the service when there would otherwise be silence, they can make a smooth link between one piece of music and the next, and they can create the right atmosphere. In Baroque times, in the Lutheran church, organists would improvise a chorale prelude. This was a piece of music which uses the melody of the chorale (hymn) that the congregation sang. Bach was one of many composers who wrote many of his chorale preludes down. In more recent times, some famous concert organists often finish an organ recital by playing an improvisation. This might be quite a long piece with several linked movements, finishing with a fugue. Somebody may give them the theme written on a piece of paper, so that it is quite unprepared. Charles Tournemire, Marcel Dupré, Pierre Cochereau, Pierre Pincemaille are known to be great organ improviser.

A lot of people who play folk music improvise. Traditional folk music would not have been written down.

In traditional jazz the musicians usually improvise. It is quite tricky when a group of people are improvising together. They have to listen to one another and get ideas from one another. It can be a very exciting way of making music.

Improvisation also refers to a type of performance. Improvisation (or improv for short) is often used in comedy. Actors or "Improvisers" will create an entire show that they make up as they go along. They will often ask the audience for an idea or suggestion. They will then do a short performance based on the suggestion. This lets them do many different short performances during each night's show. This is called "Short-form improv".

Reichstag (building)

The Reichstag building was designed as a home to the parliament of the German Empire. It was opened in 1894. The original building's design was made by Paul Wallot. It was built on the site of an old palace in Berlin, Germany.

The building was used by the parliament of the German Empire until 1918. The parliament of the Weimar Republic, also called the Reichstag, sat there until the 1933 Reichstag fire. The Third Reich seldom used its parliament, so the building remained empty and derelict until after German reunification.

Then it became the seat of the German parliament again in 1999 after a reconstruction led by British architect Lord Norman Foster.

Today's parliament of Germany is called the "Bundestag." The "Reichstag" as a parliament dates back to the Holy Roman Empire and ceased to act as a true parliament in the years of Nazi Germany (1933-1945). In today's usage, the German term "Reichstag" refers to the building, while the term "Bundestag" refers to the institution.

The original Reichstag dome was damaged in the 1933 fire and again during the war. It was replaced by a large glass dome. The new dome has a 360-degree view of the surrounding Berlin cityscape. The main hall of the parliament below can also be seen from inside the dome, and natural light from above emits down to the parliament floor. A large sun shield tracks the movement of the sun electronically and blocks direct sunlight which would make the space too hot and dazzle those below. Construction work was finished in 1999 and the seat of parliament was transferred to the Bundestag in April of that year. The dome is no longer open to anyone without prior registration.


Siren

A siren is a creature in Greek mythology. The sirens were living on an island surrounded by rocks. Sirens also have a mermaid form where they still sing, but they hit the boat to sink it that way and sirens have a human form. Sailors would try to go to them because of their singing, and their ships would get destroyed on the rocks, and they would drown.

Originally they looked like bird-women, but in modern time they are often shown to look like fish-women or mermaids. Many people said they were Naiads (spirits of the sea).

They also appear in Homer's "Odyssey". There Odysseus and his ship have to pass the siren's island. Odysseus tells his men to put wax in their ears, so they will not hear the song of the sirens. He also tells his men to bind him to the ship's mast, so he cannot go to the sirens when he hears their song. When Odysseus and his men pass the Sirens, Odysseus wants to go towards them, but his men pull the rope tighter to hold him down. His men can then look at Odysseus and see when he cannot hear the sirens anymore, because he is calm again. Then they can take the wax out of their ears, and free Odysseus.

Sirens (movie)

Sirens is a 1994 movie that had many famous models in it. The famous models were Elle Macpherson, Portia de Rossi and Kate Fischer. The three models are in the movie without clothing. Some of them do sex scenes. The models had to gain weight do the movie.

"Sirens" is based on the true story of the life of Norman Lindsay. He was an artist who made many beautiful pictures that were very rude and sexy. Many people thought that his pictures were wrong.

The movie stars Sam Neill as Norman Lindsay. Hugh Grant is the main character who comes with his wife Tara Fitzgerald to see what Norman Lindsay is like.

Aqua

Aqua is the Latin word for water. It is sometimes as a prefix (such as aquaculture). It can also mean:


Lavender

Lavender is a type of plant found on almost all continents. It has a purplish color. It has a color named after it, called lavender. Its Latin and scientific name is "Lavandula".

Lavenders are very popular among gardeners. Sometimes their petals are dried and sealed in pouches for good scent, and sometimes put inside clothes to prevent moths, who can damage the clothes.

Lavenders are also used in cake decorating, because the flowers can become candied. Sometimes they are used in flavoring baked goods and chocolate desserts, and sometimes they use it to make a very delicious "lavender sugar". Lavender flowers are also used to make tea. The French make lavender syrup, which is used to make lavender scones and lavender marshmallows.

Lavender is sometimes put in medicine, and sometimes to prevent infection. Lavender oil was used in World War I to disinfect walls and floors of a hospital. As the folk wisdom says, lavender oil is also helpful to headaches when rubbed on your temple, and lavender tea helps you relax before bed time. Lavender is also helpful when applied to insect bites. There is a general lack of real knowledge about its effects.

Sometimes, dried petals of lavender are used to throw confetti at a wedding. It is also used for lavender theme wedding decoration where the flowers are put in the vases and kept on the venue table.

St. Gallen

St. Gallen is a city in the eastern part of Switzerland. It is near Lake Constance. St. Gallen is the capital of the canton of St. Gallen. The city was founded as a monastery by the Irish monk Gallus in the 7th century. In the Middle Ages a city grew around the monastery. The role of the monastery (and the city) was very important in the Middle Ages. One of the three remaining manuscripts of the "Nibelungenlied" are from the monastery of St. Gallen. Today, the monastery, with its library, and parts of the old town are classed as an UNESCO World Heritage site.

The city is about 675 meters above sea level and is in a part of Switzerland with many hills. As of 2004, about 70,000 people lived in the city. The urban area has about 100,000 to 120,000 people.

In the 18th and 19th century the city became known for its embroideries, which are still very well-known. Every four years, there is the "St.Galler Kinderfest" (Children's festival). This is a large representation of the primary (and some secondary) schools in the city. It's usually in early summer.

The city also has an university, which is known for its courses in economics, and (to a lesser extent), law.

In Switzerland, the city is also known for "St.Galler Bratwurst", and a fair centered around agriculture, held once a year, in autumn. That fair is called OLMA ("Ostschweizerische Land- und Milchwirtschaftsausstellung", roughly translates to "Exhibition of agriculture and milk economics of eastern Switzerland").

In early summer there is also an open-air rock festival. Its called Open-Air St.Gallen, and held in a valley, near the river. Since the weather is not always as good, in many years it's a battle with the mud.


Jones

Jones may refer to:

"Jones" is a common family name:


Hollyoaks

Hollyoaks is a British television teen soap opera. It was first broadcast on 23 October 1995, on Channel 4. There is a new episode every weekday. It is set in Chester and is mostly filmed in Liverpool on Abbey Road.

Since 1995, the cast has expanded from just seven major characters to approximately 50 cast members. It was originally devised by Phil Redmond, who has also devised shows including "Brookside" and "Grange Hill". It is the only British soap that uses incidental music.

Hollyoaks was the first British television programme to tackle the issue of gay domestic violence. Its first character with gender identity disorder, a trans man called Jason Costello, was in the show August 2010 to December 2011. In 2014 Hollyoaks introduced a new transgender character called Blessing Chambers.

Muse (band)

Muse are an English alternative rock trio. They began in Teignmouth in 1994, consisting of Matthew Bellamy (guitar, piano, vocals), Chris Wolstenholme (bass and background vocals) and Dominic Howard (drums). They are sub-classified as mainly progressive rock, and play music with melody and fast tempo. However, they also play a great number of other styles of music, especially on their older albums like "Showbiz". Their albums, "Black Holes and Revelations", "Absolution" and "The Resistance", have been successful in the United States, the United Kingdom and most western countries of the world.

Matthew Bellamy, Chris Wolstenholme, and Dominic Howard grew up in a small town called Teignmouth in Devon. They were bored there, so they started playing music together. When they were 13 years old, they made a band called Gothic Plague. The band was later called Fixed Penalty. After that, it was called Rocket Baby Dolls. In 1994, while they were called Rocket Baby Dolls, they won a Battle of the Bands competition. During this competition, they broke their instruments, but still won. In 1997, they chose the name Muse. Muse's members did not like Teignmouth. In an interview in 1999, Bellamy said that it was full of people who took drugs, and that it was like a "living hell".

Muse left Teignmouth and met Sawmills Studio owner, Dennis Smith. He liked their work and offered them a contract with his record label, Dangerous Records and put them in the studio with producer Paul Reeve. Muse released their first EP called "Muse" in 1997. The band went to more band competitions and won several. In 1998, they released their second EP, "Muscle Museum". The EP was popular, and Muse toured around Europe and Australia.

"Museum" was popular enough to get Muse a record contract with Maverick Records in the United States. The band started to work on a new album. They wrote new ones, though, for their next album. The other songs they used were already on their EPs. Muse worked with producers Paul Reeve and John Leckie, who produced Radiohead's album,"The Bends".

Muse's first album, "Showbiz", came out in 1999. In the United States, Maverick used a large advertising campaign to make Muse more popular. Muse were already popular in the UK, and "NME" said they were "the first great British guitar band of the 21st century". US magazine "Rolling Stone" said "Showbiz" sounded a lot like Radiohead. Matthew Bellamy did not like that comparison, but people would still compare Muse and Radiohead in the future. Other reviewers said the band had a lot of potential after listening to "Showbiz".

In the year 2000, Muse traveled a lot to help sell "Showbiz". The highlight of the tour was touring with Red Hot Chili Peppers and Foo Fighters. The band played at over 50 music festivals in Europe, and several in Japan. While they were traveling, the band recorded some songs for their next album. In January 2001, they started working on the rest with producer John Leckie, in Peter Gabriel's studio.

Muse began touring again in May 2005, after finishing the album. They had not released it, but Bellamy told BBC he thought the best way to promote it was to play live music. The band's second album, "Origin of Symmetry", was released in June 2001 in the UK. However, it was only released in North America in 2005. The album did not do well on charts, but was popular with critics. "NME" praised the album for the songs on it being very loud and angry. Allmusic said the album was very loud and sometimes ridiculous because of the instruments and riffs used on it, but that it was still very good.

Nescafé used the song "Feeling Good" from "Origin of Symmetry" (which was a cover of a Nina Simone song) in an advertisement once. Muse sued Nescafé because they did not agree with how the company did business. They received money from Nescafé after suing. They donated it to Oxfam. Muse almost sued Celine Dion when she tried to use the name Muse as the title of a performance in Las Vegas.

Muse's third album was recorded in lots of studios in places like London and Los Angeles. The band were very committed and focused on making quality music, given the fact that they had taken more time to properly record the album. Muse started work in September 2003 with producers Paul Reeve and John Cornfield, and recorded Butterflies and Hurricanes and Blackout. They took a break for Christmas, and then changed their producer to Rich Costey. Most of the album was recorded in 2004. The album's themes included politics, death, and the Apocalypse. The guitar performances on the new album were simpler than on "Origin of Symmetry". Bellamy used one brand of guitar for the whole album, and this gave an "immense" sound according to "Total Guitar" magazine.

To promote "Absolution", Muse toured around the UK and North America. During their first show in the United States, in Atlanta, Bellamy hurt his mouth. He had accidentally hit himself with his guitar. Because of this, he needed stitches. The band had to cancel several shows, but kept going with the tour. Muse played at the Glastonbury Festival in June 2004. After the concert, they said it was "the best gig of our lives". Shortly after the show, however, Howard's father died. While they were very sad that he died, Bellamy said they were happy that Howard's father had been at the concert and had seen the band's "finest moment". In 2005, Muse played four songs at Live 8.

In January 2005 Muse finished their world tour with two big concerts in London. Bellamy said they wanted to make new music after this. However, they also wanted to tour the US again. This was because they became popular there for the first time. Costey produced the band's new album, like he did for "Absolution". The band recorded their fourth album, "Black Holes & Revelations", in a château in the countryside of France, because they did not want to be distracted.

By February 2 2009, Muse had started recording songs for their new album. In an interview, Bellamy said that the album is "all very orchestral". He said it would sound like classical music.

On March 24 2009, Muse's website said that the band would be going on tour after the album is released. They said that they would go to France on this tour, and have two concerts in London. On July 2 2009, the band said that the tour was to start in Finland on October 22 2009. They also said that the tour would end on December 4 2009, in Italy. The 95,000 tickets went on sale at 9:00 am on June 5. They were sold out in under 45 minutes.

On May 22 2009, the website said that the album would be called "The Resistance". It also said that one of the songs would be called "United States of Eurasia".
The band's fifth studio album "The Resistance" was released in September 2009. It is the first Muse album that was produced by the band itself. The album was engineered by Adrian Bushby and mixed by Mark Stent. When it was released, it went to the top of the album charts in 19 countries. It became the band's third number one album in the UK. It reached number 3 on the "Billboard" 200. Critics praised the album. Most of them praised the ambition, classical music influences and the thirteen-minute, three-part song "". It also beat its predecessor "Black Holes and Revelations" in relative album sales in its debut week in the UK with approximately 148,000 copies sold. The first single "Uprising" was released seven days earlier.

The Resistance Tour started with in Teignmouth, Devon in September 2009. There were two performances in the Wembley Stadium in September 2010. The band also supported U2 for their U2 360° Tour. In the "Breakfast with Muse Concert" held by KROQ, Muse was asked how long they would be on tour. They said that they "will probably be touring until the end of next year." They also said that they would support U2. Then, they would go to a European tour, and afterwards Australia and Asia and return for an long US tour. Muse said it would be the longest US tour to date and would start at about the end of February or March."

Muse's won the O2 Silver Clef Award in London on 2 July 2010 because of their live performance. The award was presented by Roger Taylor and Brian May of Queen. Taylor described the band as "probably the greatest live act in the world today," while May said that "this is a magnificent, incredible group." 

On 12 July 2010 bassist Chris Wolstenholme told NME magazine that the band would be taking a break after their world tour supporting The Resistance ended. He also stated that the band would begin working for a new album. He said the new album would be released in 2011. On 8 September, frontman Matthew Bellamy, in an interview with NME, said that the music for the band's next studio album would be more "personal". He said it would be better to use smaller venues to perform those songs live.

On 12 September 2010, Muse won an MTV Video Music Award for Best Special Effects. It was for the promo for "Uprising". On 21 November, Muse won American Music Award for Favorite Artist in the Alternative Rock Music Category. On 2 December, it was announced that Muse had been nominated for three awards for the 53rd Grammy Awards. It was nominated for Best Rock Performance By a Duo or Group with Vocals - ("Resistance"); Best Rock Song - ("Resistance"), and Best Rock Album: ("The Resistance"). Muse was named the Billboard Alternative and Rock artist for 2010. This was because its songs, "Uprising", "Resistance" and "Undisclosed Desires" reached first, sixth and 49th on the year end Alternative Song chart respectively. At the 53rd Grammy Awards on 13 February 2011, Muse won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Album for "The Resistance".

Muse are an alternative rock band. They are often called space rock and progressive rock bands. Their music also mixes elements from different genres. These genres are electronic music, hard rock, classical music and rock opera. The band was described as a "trashy three-piece" by Matthew Bellamy on the BBC during 2002.
Dominic Howard said that he was a little confused by the progressive rock label that muse fell under, because "[He would] associate (the progressive rock label) it with 10-minute guitar solos." He added: "A lot of bands are quite ambitious with their music, mixing lots of different styles — and when I see that I think it's great."





Astrology

Astrology is the belief the positions of the stars and movements of the planets of the Solar System, and also asteroids and other stars, but not as much, have an influence on the events, lives, and behavior of people.

An astrologer looks at the planets' positions and tries to understand a person's character or tries to predict the future. Modern astrologers see astrology as a symbolic language. It is also seen as an art, or a kind of divination.

Astrology and astronomy started out as the same thing, but today they are very different.

Newspapers and websites often print or post horoscopes. These horoscopes claim to predict a persons future based on their birth sign.

A person's astrological sign (usually referring to Sun sign) is based on their birthday. A list of astrological signs is below.



Theatre of ancient Greece

The theatre of ancient Greece was at its best from 550 BC to 220 BC. It was the beginning of modern western theatre, and some ancient Greek plays are still performed today. They invented the genres of tragedy (late 6th century ), comedy (486 ) and satyr plays.

The city-state of Athens was a great cultural, political and military power during this period. Drama was at its centre. Theatre was part of a festival called the Dionysia, which honoured the god Dionysus. In the Dionysia, the playwrights presented their work to an audience. It was a competition, with a winner and prizes. These two main genres were never mixed: they each had their own typical structure. Athens exported the festival to its colonies and allies in order to promote its way of life.

Only men were allowed as actors. The chorus were men, as were the actors. Technically, they had to be citizens of Athens, which only applied to free-born men plus a few special cases. The actors wore masks, so that the people would know which persona (character) the actor played. 

The best known writers of plays are Aeschylus, Sophocles, Euripides for tragedies, and Aristophanes for comedies.

Some think early Greek religion and theatre were influenced by Central Asian shamanistic practices. A large number of Orphic graffiti discovered in Olbia seems to show that the colony was a major point of contact. Eli Rozik points out that the shaman can be seen as an early type of actor influencing the rituals of early Greek theatre.

Greek tragedy as we know it was made in Athens some years before 532 BC, when Thespis was the earliest recorded playwright. He won the first theatrical contest held at Athens, so he was the leader of the dithyrambs performed in and around Attica. Dithyrambs were ancient hymns sung in praise of the god of wine and fertility, Dionysus. They had a wild and ecstatic nature.

By Thespis' time the dithyramb had evolved far away from its cult roots. It had become a narrative, ballad-like genre. Because of this Thespis is often called the "Father of Tragedy". The statesman Solon is said to have created poems in which characters speak with their own voice. Spoken recitations, known as "rhapsodes", of Homer's epics were popular in festivals before 534 BC. Thespis's contribution to drama is unclear, but his name is remembered in the common term for performer—a 'thespian'.

The dramatic performances were important to the Athenians – this is made clear by the Dionysian festival. This was organized perhaps to foster loyalty among the tribes of Attica. These had been recently created by Cleisthenes, who founded Greek democracy. The festival was created roughly around 508 BC.

Phrynichus was the first poet known to use a historical subject – his "Fall of Miletus", 493 BC, told the fate of the town of Miletus after it was conquered by the Persians. He is also thought to be the first to use female characters (though not female performers).

Until the Hellenistic period, all tragedies were unique pieces written in honour of Dionysus and played only once. Today we only have the pieces remembered well enough to be repeated when repetition of old tragedies became fashion.

After the Great Destruction of Athens by the Persian Empire in 480 BC, the town and acropolis were rebuilt, and theatre became an even more major part of Athenian culture and civic pride. The centre-piece was the competition between three tragic playwrights at the Theatre of Dionysus, twice a year. Each submitted three tragedies, plus a satyr play (a comic, burlesque version of a mythological subject). From 486 BC, each playwright also submitted a comedy. Aristotle claimed that Aeschylus added the second actor, and that Sophocles introduced the third. Apparently the Greek playwrights never used more than three actors.

Tragedy and comedy were viewed as completely separate genres, and no plays ever merged aspects of the two. Satyr's plays dealt with the mythological subject matter of the tragedies, but in a purely comedic manner. However, as they were written over a century after the Athenian Golden Age, it is not known whether dramatists such as Sophocles and Euripides would have thought about their plays in the same terms.

The power of Athens declined following its defeat in the Peloponnesian War against the Spartans. From that time on, the theatre started performing old tragedies again. Although its theatrical traditions seem to have lost their vitality, Greek theatre continued into the Hellenistic period (the period following Alexander the Great's conquests in the fourth century BC). The main Hellenistic theatrical form was not tragedy but 'New Comedy', comic episodes about the lives of ordinary citizens. The only playwright from the period whose work has survived is Menander. One of New Comedy's most important contributions was its influence on Roman comedy, an influence that can be seen in the surviving works of Plautus and Terence.

The plays originally had a chorus of up to 50 people, who performed the plays in verse accompanied by music, beginning in the morning and lasting until the evening.

The performance space was a simple semi-circular space, the "orchestra", where the chorus danced and sang. The orchestra was on a flattened terrace at the foot of a hill, the slope of which produced a natural "theatron" (watching place). Later, the term "theatre" came to be applied to the whole area of theatron, orchestra, and skené (scene).

The theatres were made very large. Audiences might have up to fourteen thousand people. Actors' voices needed to be heard throughout the theatre, including the very top row of seats. The Greeks' understanding of acoustics compares well with the current state of the art.

In 465 BC, the playwrights began using a backdrop or scenic wall, which hung or stood behind the orchestra, which also served as an area where actors could change their costumes. It was known as the "skênê" (scene). In 425 BC a stone scene wall, called a "paraskenia", became a common supplement to "skênê" in the theatres. The proskenion ("in front of the scene") was columned, and was similar to the modern day proscenium.

Greek theatres also had entrances for the actors and chorus members called "parodoi". They were tall arches that opened onto the orchestra, through which the performers entered. By the end of the 5th century BC, around the time of the Peloponnesian War, the "skênê", the back wall, was two stories high. Some theatres also had a raised speaking place on the orchestra called the "logeion".

There were several scenic elements commonly used in Greek theatre:
Phallic props were used for satyr plays, symbolising fertility in honor of Dionysus.

Although in the early days the chorus was much larger, the numbers settled down to 12 or 15 in tragedies and 24 in comedies. They usually play a group character, such as 'the old men of Argos'. The chorus offers background information, summaries and comments. In many of these plays, the chorus expresses to the audience what the main characters cannot say, such as their hidden fears or secrets.

The chorus might sing, or might speak in unison (say the same thing together). The chorus made up for the fact that there were only one, two or three actors, who played several parts each (changing masks).

Before the introduction of several actors by Aeschylus, the Greek chorus was the main performer opposite a solitary actor. The importance of the chorus declined after the 5th century BC, when the chorus began to be separated from the dramatic action. Later dramatists depended less on the chorus.

The mask is known to have been used since the time of Aeschylus in the 6th century AD. It is one of the typical things they did in classical Greek theatre. Masks were also used in the worship of Dionysius, and that is probably how the tradition started.

Most of the evidence comes from a few vase paintings of the 5th century BC which depict actors preparing for a Satyr play. No physical evidence survived: the masks were made of organic materials. They were not considered permanent objects, and were dedicated to the altar of Dionysus after performances. There are, however, examples of statues of actors carrying a mask in hand.

Masks were made for the actors and for the chorus, who help the audience know what a character is thinking. The chorus all wear the same mask, because they represent the same character.

In a large open-air theatre, like the Theatre of Dionysus in Athens, the masks brought the characters' face closer to the audience, as they had exaggerated features and expressions. An actor could appear and reappear in different roles, since the audience did not identify the actor with one character. Their variations help the audience to distinguish sex, age, and social status. Also, they could show a change in a character’s appearance, for example, Oedipus after blinding himself. Unique masks were also create characters and events in a play, such as The Furies in Aeschylus’ "Eumenides" and Pentheus and Cadmus in Euripides’ "The Bacchae". Worn by the chorus, the masks created a sense of unity and uniformity, a sort of multi-voiced persona or single organism.

Sophocles

Sophocles (497 BC, 496 BC, or 495 BC – 406 BC) was an Ancient Greek writer who wrote over 100 plays, according to the Suda. Only seven of his tragedies have survived complete. Sophocles was the second of the three greatest Ancient Greek writers of tragedies, the others were Aeschylus and Euripides.

The most famous of Sophocles' tragedies are those about Oedipus and Antigone: these are often called the Theban plays. Each play was a part of different tetralogy (set of four), the other members of which are now lost.

Sophocles, the son of Sophillus, was a rich member of the rural community of Colonus Hippius in Attica. This was the setting for his plays. He was probably born there. His birth took place a few years before the Battle of Marathon in 490 BC: the exact year is unclear, although 497/6 is perhaps most likely. Sophocles' first great play was in 468 BC when he took first prize in the Dionysia theatre competition ahead of Aeschylus. 


In Oedipus the King, Oedipus is the main character. 

Oedipus' death as a child is planned by his parents, Laius and Jocasta, to stop him fulfilling a prophecy. A servant passes the infant on to a childless couple, who adopt him. They did not know his history. 

Oedipus eventually learns of the Delphic Oracle's prophecy of him. It was: he would kill his father and marry his mother. He thought this meant his adopted parents. He flees to avoid his fate. Oedipus meets a man at a crossroads accompanied by servants. Oedipus and the man fight, and Oedipus kills the man. This man was his father, Laius, not that anyone apart from the gods knew this at the time. 

Oedipus becomes the ruler of Thebes after solving the riddle of the sphinx. In the process, he marries the widowed Queen, his mother Jocasta. Thus the stage is set for horrors. When the truth comes out, Jocasta commits suicide, Oedipus blinds himself and leaves Thebes. The children are left to sort out the results for themselves.

In "Oedipus at Colonus", the banished Oedipus and his daughters Antigone and Ismene arrive at the town of Colonus where they encounter Theseus, King of Athens. Oedipus dies and trouble begins between his sons Polyneices and Eteocles.

In "Antigone" the protagonist is Oedipus' daughter. The king, Creon, has forbidden the burial of Polyneices as a traitor to the city. Antigone is faced with a choice: allow her brother Polyneices' body to remain unburied, outside the city walls. There it would be exposed to the ravages of wild animals. Or, she could bury him and face death. Antigone decides to bury his body and face the results of her actions. 

Creon sentences her to death. Eventually, Creon is convinced to free Antigone from her punishment, but his decision comes too late. Antigone has committed suicide. Her death leads to the suicide of two others close to King Creon: his son, Haemon, who was going to marry Antigone, and the queen, who commits suicide after losing her only surviving son.

Running through such tragedies is the theme of fate, which cannot be avoided. A forbidden act is committed in innocence, and the consequences follow remorselessly.

Aristotle writes that after Aeschylus introduced a second actor called the deuteragonist into plays so that there could be dialogue between characters, Sophocles added a third actor called the tritagonist so that dialogue became more important. But it was still possible for there to be more than three characters because different actors played more than one character.


Black pepper

Black pepper is a plant that grows in the tropics, especially in India. The plant is a perennial vine that bears flowers. People cultivate the plant for its fruit, the peppercorn. The peppercorn can be used as a spice or condiment. Usually, it makes things hot.

There are several different plants called "Pepper", all are in the "Piper" genus of "Piperaceae".

From the 16th century onwards, people used the word "pepper" to also refer to the Chili peppers, which come from a completely unrelated plant. It was also called black gold in older times.

Pepper is one of the most common spices used around the world. It is very common in European cuisine, and has been known and traded for a very long time. Very often, the peppercorns are ground, and the powder is used to make things taste hot. They get their heat from a chemical called piperine unlike other peppers that get it from capsaicin.

Like all eastern spices, pepper was historically both a seasoning and a medicine. Long pepper, being stronger, was often the preferred medication, but both were used.

Black peppercorns are mentioned in Ayurveda, Siddha and Unani medicine in India. The 5th century "Syriac Book of Medicines" prescribes pepper (or perhaps long pepper) for illnesses such as constipation, diarrhea, earache, gangrene, heart disease, hernia, hoarseness, indigestion, insect bites, insomnia, joint pain, liver problems, lung disease, oral abscesses, sunburn, tooth decay, and toothaches. Various sources from the 5th century onward also say pepper is good to treat eye problems. Often special ointments made with pepper have to be applied directly to the eye. There is no current medical evidence that any of these treatments has any benefit; pepper applied directly to the eye would be quite uncomfortable and possibly damaging.

For a long time, people believed pepper is the cause for sneezing; this is still believed true today. Some sources say that piperine irritates the nostrils, which will cause the sneezing; some say that it is just the effect of the fine dust in ground pepper, and some say that pepper is not in fact a very effective sneeze-producer at all. Few if any controlled studies have been carried out to answer the question. 

Pepper can irritate the intestines. It is therefore eliminated from the diet of patients having abdominal surgery and ulcers. The replacement is usually called a "bland diet".

Pepper contains small amounts of safrole, a carcinogenic compound.


Chili pepper

Chili pepper (not to be confused with the country called Chile) is the fruit of a series of plants called Capsicum (nightshade family). Chilis are now grown all over the world, but originally, they came from Mexico. They are used as spices or as vegetables, and also have some use in medicine.

Chili peppers are completely unrelated to the "Piperaceae" genus, which Black pepper is from.

Chili peppers have been a part of the human diet in the Americas since at least 7500 BCE. Chili peppers were domesticated over 6000 years ago in Mexico. Since then, chili peppers could be farmed throughout all of Mexico, Central America, and parts of South America.

The word "chili" is spelled differently in different countries. They can be spelled as chili, chilli, and chile.


Aeschylus

Aeschylus (525 BC – 456 BC) was an Ancient Greek poet and writer. He wrote about 70–90 plays. Only six of his tragedies have survived complete. Aeschylus was the earliest of the three greatest Greek writers of tragedians. The two others were Sophocles and Euripides.

Aristotle said that Aeschylus added more characters into his plays. His characters spoke to each other and not just to the chorus. This made it easier to create drama between the characters.

One of his plays, "The Persians", was about the Persian invasion of Greece. Aeschylus had fought in this war. People studying Greek history use his play as an important source of information. The war was so important to the Greeks and to Aeschylus, that the writing on his grave only talks about his part in the Greek victory at the Battle of Marathon. There is nothing about the plays he wrote.

Aeschylus was born about the year 525 BC in a small town called Eleusis, which is about 27 kilometers northwest of Athens. The date is based on counting back forty years from his first victory in the Great Dionysia. His family was rich, and his father, Euphorion, was a member of the Eupatridae, the ancient nobility of Attica. Pausanias wrote that Aeschylus worked in a vineyard until the god Dionysus visited him in his sleep. The god ordered him to write the first tragedies. His first play was performed in 499 BC, when he was only 26 years old.

In 490 BC the Persian army, led by Darius, landed in Greece and tried to take it over. Aeschylus, and his brother Cynegeirus, joined the army from Athens and fought against the Persians at the Battle of Marathon. The Athenians were able to defeat the much bigger Persian army. This battle, which stopped Darius, was celebrated across the city-states of Greece. Cynegeirus died in the battle. In 480 BC, Xerxes I of Persia tried to capture Greece. Aeschylus fought against them at the Battle of Salamis and at the Battle of Plataea in 479 BC. His oldest surviving play "The Persians", performed in 472 BC, is set during the Battle of Salamis. This play won first prize at the Dionysia.

Aeschylus was one of many Greeks who joined the Eleusinian Mysteries. This was the religious cult of Demeter, and based in his home town of Eleusis. Members of the group learned mystical and secret knowledge. Members were sworn under the penalty of death not to say anything about the Mysteries to anyone. Aristotle wrote that some people thought that Aeschylus had shown some of the cult's secrets on stage. Other writers said that an angry mob tried to kill Aeschylus on the spot, but he ran away. Later, Aeschylus said he did not know that he had shown any of the secrets. He was saved from death only because of his brave service in the Persian Wars.

Aeschylus made two trips to Sicily in the 470s BC. He was invited by Hieron, tyrant of Syracuse, a big Greek city on the east side of the island. On one of these trips he wrote "The Women of Aetna", in honor of the city founded by Hieron. He also restaged his "Persians". By 473 BC, Aeschylus was the yearly favorite in the Dionysia, winning first prize in nearly every competition. In 458 BC, he returned to Sicily for the last time, visiting the city of Gela where he died in 456 or 455 BC. It is said that he was killed by a tortoise which fell out of the sky after it was dropped by an eagle. This story is probably only a legend. Aeschylus' work was so respected by the Athenians that after his death, his were the only tragedies allowed to be restaged in future competitions. His sons Euphorion and Euæon, and his nephew Philocles, all wrote plays as well.

Greek drama began with festivals for the gods, mainly Dionysus, the god of wine. During Aeschylus' lifetime, dramatic competitions became part of the city's Dionysia in the spring. The festival began with an opening procession, then a competition of boys singing dithyrambs, and finally two dramatic competitions. The first competition was for three playwrights each presenting three tragic plays, followed by a shorter comedy. A second competition of five comedic playwrights followed, and winners of both competitions were chosen by a group of judges.

Aeschylus took part in many of these competitions in his lifetime. Only six tragedies have survived intact: "The Persians", "Seven against Thebes", "The Suppliants", and the trilogy known as "The Oresteia", consisting of the three tragedies "Agamemnon", "The Libation Bearers" and "The Eumenides". There is also the play "Prometheus Bound", but this was probably written by someone else. All of the surviving plays won first prize at the City Dionysia. One book, the Alexandrian "Life of Aeschylus", said that he won the first prize at the City Dionysia 13 times. Sophocles' won 18 times out of his 120 plays, and Euripides only had five wins out of about 90 plays.


When Aeschylus first began writing, the theatre was new. Some playwrights like Thespis had made the cast bigger to include an actor who was able to talk with the chorus instead of just the chorus. Aeschylus added a second actor, called the deuteragonist allowing for more drama; and the chorus became less important. He is said to have been the first to use "skenographia", or scene-decoration, though Aristotle said the first person was Sophocles. Aeschylus also added more details to the costumes, and had his actors wear platform boots, called "cothurni", to help the audience see them better. When they walked on stage in the first performance of the "Eumenides", the chorus of Furies were so frightening in looks that they made young children faint, old men urinate, and pregnant women go into labor.

His plays were written in the strict style of Greek drama. They were in verse and no violence could be performed on stage. The plays had to be set away from normal life in Athens, either by telling stories about the gods or by being set, like "The Persians", in a far-away place. Aeschylus' work has a strong moral and religious emphasis. The "Oresteia" plays were about man's position in the universe in relation to the gods, the laws of the gods, and punishment from the gods.

Fifty years after Aeschylus' death, the comic playwright Aristophanes praised him in "The Frogs". Aeschylus is a character in the play and says that his "Seven against Thebes" "made everyone watching it to love being warlike" (line 1022); with his "Persians", he says he "taught the Athenians to desire always to defeat their enemies" (line 1026–7). He says that his plays helped the Athenians to be brave and virtuous (line 1039ff).



Euripides

Euripides (c. 480 BC–406 BC) was an Ancient Greek writer from Athens who wrote about 90 plays. Only 18 of his tragedies have survived complete, more than all other surviving ancient Greek tragedies put together. A nineteenth play, "Rhesus" is sometimes thought to be by Euripides, but not all classicists agree on this.

Euripides was the last of the three greatest Ancient Greek writers of tragedies, the others being Aeschylus and Sophocles.



Chard

Chard (also known as Swiss chard, silverbeet, perpetual spinach, or mangold) is a vegetable. It is in the same family as spinach, "Amaranthaceae".

Half-life (element)

The half-life of a substance is the time it takes for half of the substance to decay. The word "half-life" was first used when talking about radioactive elements where the number of atoms get smaller over time by changing into different atoms. It is now used in other situations, such as the time it takes for a drug in the body to be half gone. A Geiger-Muller detector can be used to measure the radioactive half-life; it is the time when the activity is half the original.

Half-life depends on probability because the atoms decay at a random time. Half-life is the expected time when half the number of atoms have decayed, on average. 

Radioactive isotopes are atoms that have unstable nuclei, meaning that the nucleus of each atom will decay after enough time has passed. Their nuclei are unstable because the arrangement of protons and neutrons in them change. This is known as radioactive decay. When they decay, they release particles such as alpha particles, beta particles, gamma rays. Sometimes they decay by fission, which means to break into pieces, to make smaller nuclei. For example, a radioactive carbon-14 atom releases a beta particle to become nitrogen-14. As an example of fission decay, a fermium-256 atom can split into xenon-140 and palladium-112 atoms, releasing four neutrons in the process.

Uranium-232 has a half-life of about 69 years. Plutonium-238 has a half-life of 88 years. Carbon-14, which is used to find the age of recent fossils, has a half-life of 5,730 years.

After ten half-lives, about 99.9% of the atoms have decayed into different atoms, so only 0.1% of the original atoms are left, and 99.9% of the radioactivity from the original kind of atom is gone. Some atoms decay into other atoms that are also radioactive, so the remaining radioactivity depends on the type of atom.
An example of a short half-life: the isotope, Sg, has a half-life of approximately y 4 ms (or 4 thousandths of a second). 



Cyclops

A Cyclops (Ancient Greek: Κύκλωψ, "Kyklōps"; plural Κύκλωπες, "Kyklōpes") is a member of a race of giants in Greek mythology, each with a single eye in the center of his forehead. 

The most famous of these beings is the cyclops Polyphemus, featured in Homer's "Odyssey". 

In Hesiod's "Theogony", the Elder Cyclopes – Brontes (Greek: Βρόντης - "thunderer"), Steropes (Greek: Στερόπης - "lightning") and Arges (Greek: Ἄργης - "bright") – were one of three races of beings born to Gaia (Earth) and Ouranos (Sky). 

The Elder Cyclopes are not featured in either of Homer's works. In the Odyssey, Homer describes another race of cyclopes as being the sons of Poseidon, god of the sea. They feature as herdsmen and shepherds with a taste for human flesh. The account is in Book 9 of Homer's Odyssey.

Magnetic field

The magnetic field is the area around a magnet in which there is magnetic force. Moving electric charges can make magnetic fields. Magnetic fields can be illustrated by magnetic flux lines. At all times the direction of the magnetic field is shown by the direction of the magnetic flux lines. The strength of a magnet has to do with the spaces between the magnetic flux lines. The closer the flux lines are to each other, the stronger the magnet is. The farther away they are, the weaker. The flux lines can be seen by placing iron filings over a magnet. The iron filings move and arrange into the lines. Magnetic fields give power to other particles that are touching the magnetic field.

In physics, the magnetic field is a field that passes through space and which makes a magnetic force move electric charges and magnetic dipoles. Magnetic fields are around electric currents, magnetic dipoles, and changing electric fields.

When placed in a magnetic field, magnetic dipoles are in one line parallel with the field lines, as can be seen when iron filings are in the presence of a magnet. Magnetic fields also have their own energy and momentum, with an energy density proportional to the square of the field intensity. The magnetic field is measured in the units of teslas (SI units) or gauss (cgs units).

There are some notable kinds of magnetic field. For the physics of magnetic materials, see magnetism and magnet, and more specifically diamagnetism. For magnetic fields made by changing electric fields, see electromagnetism.

The electric field and the magnetic field are components of the electromagnetic field.

Research on magnetic fields began in 1269 when French scholar Petrus Peregrinus de Maricourt mapped out the magnetic field on the surface of a spherical magnet using iron needles. He said magnets always have both a north and south pole, no matter how finely one slices them. The law of electromagnetism was developed by Michael Faraday.

Physicists say that the force and torques between two magnets are caused by magnetic poles repelling or attracting each other. This is like the Coulomb force repelling the same electric charges or attracting opposite electric charges. In this model, a magnetic "H-field" is produced by "magnetic charges" that are 'smeared' around each pole. So, the H-field is like the electric field E which starts at a positive electric charge and ends at a negative electric charge. Near the north pole, all H-field lines point away from the north pole (whether inside the magnet or out) while near the south pole (whether inside the magnet or out) all H-field lines point toward the south pole. A north pole, then, feels a force in the direction of the H-field while the force on the south pole is opposite to the H-field.

In the magnetic pole model, the elementary magnetic dipole m is formed by two opposite magnetic poles of pole strength "q" separated by a very small distance d, such that m = "q" d.

Magnetic poles cannot exist apart from each other. All magnets have north–south pairs which cannot be separated without creating two magnets each having a north–south pair. Magnetic poles do not account for magnetism that is produced by electric currents nor the force that a magnetic field applies to moving electric charges.

The formula_1-field is defined as:

With this definition, Ampere's law becomes:

where formula_5 represents the 'free current' enclosed by the loop so that the line integral of formula_1 does not depend at all on the bound currents. For the differential equivalent of this equation see Maxwell's equations. Ampere's law leads to the boundary condition:
where formula_8 is the surface free current density.

Similarly, a surface integral of formula_1 over any closed surface is independent of the free currents and picks out the 'magnetic charges' within that closed surface:

which does not depend on the free currents.

The formula_1-field, therefore, can be separated into two independent parts:

where formula_13 is the applied magnetic field due only to the free currents and formula_14 is the demagnetizing field due only to the bound currents.

The magnetic formula_1-field, therefore, re-factors the bound current in terms of 'magnetic charges'. The formula_1 field lines loop only around 'free current' and, unlike the magnetic formula_17 field, begins and ends at near magnetic poles as well.


Forehead

The forehead of humans is the flat space of skin above the eyes, between the eyebrows and where your hair starts to grow. It exists to make room for the brain inside the skull.

A doctor or nurse will often touch someone's forehead to check whether or not they have a fever. This is because of the many blood vessels in the head and face.

In ancient Greece individuals with large foreheads were classified as intellectual because of their incredibly large "brain". Nowadays this is not the case.

According to the OED Forehead can be pronounced either 'forhed' or 'forrid'.
'Forrid' used mostly around the Isle of Sheppey area.

James Prescott Joule

James Prescott Joule (24 December 1818 – 11 October 1889) was an English physicist, born in Salford, near Manchester. In his time he had great contribution to the world of electricity and thermodynamics. He was best known for discovering Joule's law, which described electric heating by saying the amount of heat produced each second in a conductor by a current of Electricity is proportional to the resistance of a conductor and to the square of the current. The unit for this is joule, equal to one watt-second. Later Joule worked with William Thomson to find out that the temperature of gas falls as gas expands. This principle was then known as the Joule-Thomson effect.

The son of Benjamin Joule (1784–1858), a wealthy brewer, James Prescott Joule was born in the house next to the Joule Brewery in New Bailey Street, Salford on 24 December 1818. James was tutored at the family home 'Broomhill', Pendlebury, near Salford, until 1834 when he was sent, with his elder brother Benjamin, to study with John Dalton at the Manchester Literary and Philosophical Society. They only received two years of education in arithmetic and geometry before Dalton was forced to retire because of a stroke.

Kinetics is the science of motion. Joule was a pupil of Dalton and it is no surprise that he had learned a firm belief in the atomic theory, even though there were many scientists of his time who were still skeptical. He had also been one of the few people receptive to the work of John Herapath on the kinetic theory of gases. He was further greatly influenced by Peter Ewart's 1813 paper "On the measure of moving force."

Andromache

Andromache is a person in Greek mythology. She is the wife of Hector of Troy and mother of Astyanax.

After the Trojan War, Neoptolemus took her and Helenus as slaves. Of Neoptolemus she had a child named Molossus. After Neoptolemus died, Andromache married Helenus, and became Queen of Epirus.

Astyanax

Astyanax is a person in Greek mythology. He is the son of Hector of Troy and Andromache. He is killed at the end of the Trojan War by Neoptolemus, so he could not be a new king of Troy, or want revenge.

Neoptolemus

Neoptolemos (or Latin Neoptolemus) is a person in Greek mythology. He is an important person in the Trojan War.

Neoptolemus was the son of Achilles and Deidamea. He was needed to win the Trojan War. He killed King Priam and Astyanax, sacrificed Polyxena to his dead father Achilles, and took Helenus and Andromache with him as slaves.

He was later killed by Orestes because he was going to marry Hermione, who Orestes wanted for himself.

Earth's orbit

All planets in our solar system follow an elliptical path. This path is known as an orbit. Earth's orbit is not a perfect circle. It is an ellipse.

The Earth's orbit takes about 365 days, this is also called a year. This means that in 365 days (a year) the Earth has gone around the Sun. From this we can find that the orbital speed of the Earth is about through space.

The closest distance Earth is to the Sun, or perihelion, is and the farthest or aphelion is . It takes light (or any other electromagnetic radiation) just over eight minutes to travel from Sun to Earth. This averages out to a typical distance of 150 million kilometers.

The seasonal changes on Earth are because of the 23.44° axial tilt of its rotation and slightly elliptical path around the Sun.

The orbit varies over long periods of time according to the Milankovitch cycles. These cycles are one of the main causes of climate change.
This diagram shows a very exaggerated shape of Earth's orbit; the actual orbit is almost circular.



Penelope

Penelope is a woman from the Greek mythology. She is the wife of Odysseus of Ithaca and mother of Telemachus. She became a symbol for the faithful wife.

When her husband Odysseus was on his long journey home, many people thought he was dead. Because of this, many suitors came who wanted to marry Penelope, because then they would own her land and wealth, and become king of Ithaca.
Penelope thinks of several tricks so that she does not have to marry one of the suitors. One trick is that she tells the suitors that she will first weave a cloth for the funeral of Odysseus' father, and when she was finished she would marry one of the suitors. But every night she undoes her weaving again, so that she never finishes it.

When Odysseus finally comes back after twenty years, he and his son Telemachos kill the suitors.


Anemia

Anemia (U.S. spelling) or anaemia is not having enough red blood cells or hemoglobin in the blood.




"Dimorphic anemia" means two types of anemia at the same time. For example, macrocytic hypochromic, due to hookworm infestation leading to not enough of both iron and vitamin B12 or folic acid or following a blood transfusion.

Memphis, Tennessee

Memphis is the second-most populous city in the state of Tennessee. The city has a large port on the Mississippi River. It is also well known for blues music and barbecue. The city is also home to FedEx, a leading company that ships packages around the world. Memphis is also known for being the home of rock and roll legend Elvis Presley. 

Memphis is named for Memphis, Egypt, an ancient capital city of Egypt.

The future area of Memphis was first settled by the Mississippian Culture before it was discovered by French and Spanish explorers. 

The United States took the land from Spain in 1797, and Andrew Jackson implemented the Indian Removal Act that facilitated the expulsion of the Cherokee from the area, making it available to white settlers. The city was established in 1819. Until the American Civil War, Memphis was a hub of cotton and slave trade. Brutal riots of angry whites against black people took place in 1866, in which 46 African Americans were killed. Yellow fever struck the city in the 1870s, killing a lot of people. The city recovered, and its population more than doubled. 

The Memphis sanitation strikes was one of the key movements in the Civil Rights Movement. Musicians such as Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis and B.B. King influenced the city's identity as the birthplace of rock and roll.

Memphis is located east of the Mississippi River. The Wolf River, a tributary of the Mississippi River, crosses the city.

Its metropolitan area extends into Arkansas and Mississippi.

Jim Strickland is the Mayor of Memphis.

A few professional sports teams are located in Memphis. The Memphis Grizzlies are a basketball team of the National Basketball Association (NBA). They play their home games at the FedExForum. The Memphis Redbirds are a Minor League Baseball team of the International League that plays at AutoZone Park.

Dari

Dari ("Fārsī-ye Darī") is a dialect of the Persian language. It is the Persian language as spoken in Afghanistan. It is the second official language of Afghanistan, and is widely used by the government and most media agencies. It is mainly spoken by the Tajiks and other minority groups. A small minority also exists in parts of Pakistan closest to these named regions. It is sometimes called Farsi. People in Afghanistan and Iran who speak Persian can understand each other. The name Dari was given to the Persian language at a very early date.

Historically, Dari was the court language of the Sassanids.


Halo (series)

Halo is a science fiction shooter video game series. The games are published by Microsoft were made by Bungie Studios from 2001 to 2010 and are now made by 343 Industries.

Counterpoint

Counterpoint is the art of composing music by combining different parts (voices) in a way that sounds nice. Music composed like this is called contrapuntal.

If the tune of "Twinkle, twinkle little star" is played on the piano and then some chords are added, this is harmony, not counterpoint. Instead, if the tune of "Twinkle, twinkle little star" was played while another melody was played, this would be considered counterpoint.

A different way of playing it would be to start the tune with the right hand. Then, in the second bar (measure), as the fifth note is played, the left hand starts to play the tune an octave lower. This works well for a time, but in the fifth bar (on the word “Up” in the right hand part) it starts to get dissonant (sounding unpleasant), so changes need to made to the left hand to make it sound nicer. This way of writing with a particular number of parts (in this case: two) is called "contrapuntal music".

In that example the left hand imitated the right hand at first. This is called imitation.

If the second part had continued to imitate all the way through the piece it would have been a canon. But “Twinkle, twinkle” does not work well as a canon. One famous canon is by Thomas Tallis. A canon that can be repeated is called a round. This is all contrapuntal music.

Counterpoint does not have to have imitation, although it often does. The important thing is that each part (i.e. each voice) is equally important. It is not one part singing the tune and the rest just accompanying.

Counterpoint does not have to be one note against one note. There can be two or more notes in one part against one in the other e.g. crotchets (quarter notes) in one part and quavers (eighth notes) in another. There is a whole system for this called “species”.

Counterpoint can be varied by inverting it, i.e. putting the top part at the bottom. When music is written so that the parts can be swapped round it is called "invertible counterpoint".

The word “counterpoint” comes from the Latin “punctus contra punctum” meaning “point against point”. The word “point” meant “note”. Several hundred years ago composers found how to write contrapuntal music. They often took a main tune (called a “Cantus Firmus”) and then added one or two or more parts to it. The more parts there were the harder it was to compose because it all had to fit so that it sounded good. Music for several voices written in this way is called polyphonic music. Polyphony was used in all church music in the Renaissance. The greatest composer of polyphony was Giovanni da Palestrina (1525-1594). Students learning the art of composition today still learn counterpoint by taking Palestrina’s music as their model.


Guided by Voices

Guided by Voices (often called GBV) is an American indie band. Guided by Voices is very famous for making many albums. They were active between 1986 and 2004. The band reunited in 2010 but broke up again in 2014. In 2016 they reunited for a second time.

The band had many members who only stayed for a while. Robert Pollard is the most important member. Before becoming a full-time musical artist, he was a teacher at an elementary school. While he was teaching, he created lots of music for the band. Robert is a solo artist today. He is a great fan of rock music. His music, and the music of Guided by Voices, is inspired by the famous British band The Beatles and different music styles like post-British Invasion garage rock, psychedelic, prog-rock, as well as punk and post-punk.


In 2004, during the band's last concert tour before breaking up, many cities around the United States picked a day to be "Guided by Voices Day" in that city. Some of them are:




Eugenics

Eugenics is a social and political philosophy. It tries to influence the way people choose to mate and raise children, with the aim of improving the human species. 

Eugenics rests on some basic ideas. The first is that, in genetics, what is true of animals is also true of man. The characteristics of animals are passed on from one generation to the next in heredity, including mental characteristics. For example, the behaviour and mental characteristics of different breeds of dog differ, and all modern breeds are greatly changed from wolves. The breeding and genetics of farm animals show that if the parents of the next generation are chosen, then that affects what offspring are born. 

"Negative eugenics" aims to cut out traits that lead to suffering, by limiting people with the traits from reproducing. "Positive eugenics" aims to produce more healthy and intelligent humans, by persuading people with those traits to have more children. In the past, many ways were proposed for doing this, and even today eugenics means different things to different people. The idea of eugenics is controversial, because in the past it was sometimes used to justify discrimination and injustice against people who were thought to be genetically unhealthy or inferior.

Modern eugenics was first invented in 1865 by Sir Francis Galton, a British scientist who was the cousin of Charles Darwin. Galton believed that intelligence and talent were hereditary and were passed from parent to their children. Based on this, he thought that people could be bred to be smarter, just like animals were bred to be larger or smaller. Galton thought the best way to do this was to learn more about heredity, and also to tell people that they should only marry people who were smart and strong. Galton chose the name "Eugenics" because it was very similar to the Greek word for "well born". 

Galton developed the idea of eugenics throughout his life. He understood the two types of eugenics, positive and negative eugenics. One problem, which critics brought up, is the difficulty of agreeing on who is a healthy person, genetically speaking, and who is an inferior person. Obviously, opinions differ.

The rediscovery of the scientific work of Gregor Mendel in 1900 led to modern genetics, and an understanding of how heredity worked. Mendel himself experimented on peas, and found that many characteristics of the pea plants, such as their colour or their height, could be turned on and off through heredity like a switch. For example, his peas could be either yellow or green, one or the other. 

When applied to humans, people thought this meant that human characteristics, like being smart or not, could be influenced by heredity. 

Another line of thought goes like this. During their evolution, humans were subject to natural selection like any other form of life. On average, healthy and intelligent people had a better chance of reproducing. In modern civilisation, however, it often seems that this process does not apply. Alfred Russel Wallace and Charles Darwin had discussed this very point, with concern. In countries where statistics were collected, those statistics showed that in many cases the poor had more children than the rich. Also, statistics showed that the total population of some great nations was declining. One startling piece of information was produced by research directed by Karl Pearson, the Galton Professor of Eugenics at University College London, and the founder of the Department of Applied Statistics. The finding was that half of each succeeding generation was produced by no more than a quarter of the previous generation, and that quarter was "disproportionately located amongst the dregs of society". 

The evolutionary biologist Julian Huxley was also a supporter of eugenics. He used this argument several times: 
The American historian of science Garland Allen commented :
"The agricultural analogy appears over and over again as it did in the writings of many American eugenicists". 

Similarly, the American geneticist Charles Davenport was a lifelong promoter of eugenics, and wrote one of its first textbooks. There is no doubt of the support given to eugenics by professional scientists of undoubted repute. 

In the United States, eugenics became a very popular idea in the early 20th century. People thought it would cure society of all of its problems at the time, like crime and poverty, because they thought that all aspects of human behavior were probably hereditary. Very important scientists and politicians supported eugenics, and most thought it was a very progressive and scientific philosophy. 

But some of those who led the eugenics movement used it to justify racism and prejudice. They used eugenics as an excuse to pass laws which to restrict immigration from countries that they did not like, saying that the people in them were genetically "unfit". They also passed laws which said that people of different races could not get married to one another. Most importantly, they passed laws which said that people who were thought to have mental illness or mental disability could be sterilised against their will. Under these laws over 60,000 people were sterilised in the United States between 1907 and the 1970s.

Today we know that interpreting statistics of this type is a complex business, and that many of the studies published early in the 20th century have serious flaws. Nevertheless, what stopped the eugenics movement was not better science. It was the realization, after World War II, of the effects of Nazi policies on race in Germany and other countries occupied during the war. Such war crimes were not, of course, advocated by any eugenicist. All the same, there was a common theme. This theme was the growing interest in the rights of individuals as against the rights of the state.

With the end of the Second World War, forced sterilisation ended in Germany. It was continued in the United States until 1974. The main targets were at first those that were ill or that had some physical or mental disabilities. 

Only in 1985 was a law of the Swiss canton of Vaud abolished. This law allowed for the forced sterilisation of a certain group of people. It was replaced by a law on the national level, that tells under which circumstances people who are unable to consent, may be sterilised.

Though there are few people who openly advocate eugenics today, many people wonder what improvements in genetic technologies will mean in the future. 

Genetic counselling exists, where parents can get information about their heredity and even prevent the birth of a child if it has a risk of hereditary illness. Some people do not think the issue is so clear, though, and wonder if genetic screening, genetic counselling, and birth control, are all just another type of eugenics. Some people wonder if it is bad because it infringes human dignity. Some people oppose eugenics and genetic counselling for religious reasons. The idea of eugenics is controversial today for these reasons.

Much of this concern is misplaced. Genetic counselling is not going to change the genetic composition of the human population to any noticeable extent. More relevant is the developing power to identify, and then to change directly, elements of the human genome (genetic engineering). This does have the potential to change the genetic structure of individual children. Long-term it has the potential to make more widespread changes to human populations. At the moment genetic engineering is limited to identifying defects in the foetus (unborn children) and eliminating the defect where possible or adapting the medical treatment for the benefit of the child.


Sterilisation

Sterilisation (which some people spell Sterilization) is a process that makes animals or humans unable to regenerate through rebirth. Sterilisation completely stops people from having children physically.

Sterilisation often is done for a way of birth control or childfree. But it have been often done against the will of the person, this is called "compulsory sterilisation." 


Cerberus

In Greek mythology, Cerberus (, "Kérberos"; Latin: "Cerberus") is the monstrous, multi-headed dog that guards the entrance to the Underworld, preventing the souls of the dead from leaving. 

Often called the "hound of Hades", Cerberus was one of the numerous offspring of the monsters Typhon and Echidna; he is usually depicted as having three heads, along with a serpent for a tail. Cerberus is primarily known for being captured by Herakles, as the last of the hero's Twelve Labors. 

Yerevan

Yerevan () is the capital and largest city of Armenia. In 2004 about 1,088,300 people lived in Yerevan. Some people write Yerevan as Erevan. In past, Yerevan was called Erebuni or Erivan.

It is on the Hrazdan River, and is the administrative, cultural, and industrial center of the country.

The history of Yerevan dates back to the 8th century BC, with the founding of the Urartian fortress of Erebuni in 782 BC. Eventually, the letter "b" in the name "Erebuni" changed in the 5th or 4th century BC, becoming "v".

The climate of Yerevan is continental, with dry, hot summers and cold, snowy and short winters. The temperature in August can reach 40°C (104°F), while January may be as cold as -15 °C (5 °F). The amount of precipitation is small, about 350 mm (14 in) per year.

As a centre of Armenian culture, Yerevan is the site of Yerevan State University (1919), the Armenian Academy of Sciences, a historical museum, an opera house, a music conservatory and several technical institutes. The Matenadaran archives hold a rich collection of valuable ancient Armenian, Greek, Assyrian, Hebrew, Roman and Persian manuscripts. Yerevan has several large public libraries, a number of museums and theaters, botanical gardens and zoos. It is also at the heart of an extensive rail network and is a major trading centre for agricultural products. In addition, industries in the city produce metals, machine tools, electrical equipment, chemicals, textiles and food products.

Two major tourist attractions are the Opera House, the ruins of an Urartu fortress and a Roman fortress. The Armenia Marriott Hotel is in the heart of the city at Republic Square (also known as Hraparak).

The Yerevan Metro is a rapid transit system that serves the capital city.
Its interior resembles that of western former Soviet nations with chandeliers hanging 
from the corridors. The metro stations had most of their names changed after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the Independence of the Republic of Armenia.

Yerevan is Armenia's industrial, transportation, and cultural center. Manufactures include chemicals, primary metals, machinery, rubber products, plastics, textiles, and processed food. Not only is Yerevan the headquarters of major Armenian companies, but of international ones as well, as it's seen as an attractive outsourcing location for Western European, Russian and American multinationals.

Recently, Yerevan has been undergoing an ambitious redevelopment process in which old Soviet-style apartments and buildings are being demolished and replaced with modern buildings. However, this urban renewal plan has been met with opposition and ( ) criticism from some residents.




Smallpox

Smallpox was a dangerous disease with a high mortality rate. It no longer exists as an epidemic disease. The last naturally occurring case was diagnosed in October 1977. The World Health Organization (WHO) certified the global eradication of the disease in 1980 (said there was no more).

It was caused by a virus. There are two different species of viruses that can cause the disease. They are "Variola major" and "Variola minor". Some people also call smallpox Variola, from the Latin work for "spotted" which is also the viruses' scientific name.

Only humans can get this disease, but it probably came from a virus which infected animals. "Variola major" killed between 20% and 40% of those who got it. "Variola minor" killed only about 1%. Many people who survived become blind because of the damage the virus did to the eyes.

During the first half of the 20th century, between 300 million and 500 million people died of this disease. Even in 1967, about 15 million people caught the disease, and about two million people died of it, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).

The first vaccine for smallpox used the results of cowpox infections. It was invented by Edward Jenner. It was used to stop people from getting smallpox. The word "vaccine" came from "vaccina", the Latin word for cow, because cowpox was used. The WHO (World Health Organisation) vaccinated people all over the world. In 1980, the WHO said the disease no longer existed, and no one would ever get sick from it again. Live copies of smallpox are kept in maximum-security laboratories around the world to make sure the disease can never infect people again.

Some people believe that smallpox could be used as an agent for purposely infecting enemies in a war. Today, most people no longer receive a smallpox shot.


Ancient China

Ancient China is one of the world's oldest civilizations. 

Prehistory means the history of a time before any written record. In such cases, it is very difficult to tell anything definite about the prehistory of China or any other country. Even then, historians believe some facts about the China of that period. About a few million years ago Homo erectus, an early human species, lived in China. Later, about 65,000 years ago, modern human beings Homo sapiens reached China from Africa. For food, they hunted wild animals. They also began to pick and gather fruits, eventually resulting in the Chinese learning to farm by 5000 BC. They had started cultivating rice and possibly other types of grains. By 2500 BC, the Bronze Age had come to China. A ruling class with kings and queens had come into society.

Some scholars think that about 4000 years ago, the Xia dynasty ruled China. Yu(Da Yu) was the first ruler of this dynasty. There are few credible sources about Yu (who could have been legendary), his time, and other rulers of the Xia dynasty.

Most Chinese historians of that time think that one dynasty came after another but it is possible that two dynasties were ruling in different parts of China at the same time. Therefore, some scholars think that Xia dynasty and Shang Dynasty may have ruled at the same time, but in different areas of China.

There are written records of the history of China which date from 1500 BC in the Shang dynasty (c. 1600–1046 BC). Turtle shells with writing like ancient Chinese writing from the Shang Dynasty () have been carbon dated to about 1500 BC. Scholars believe that present-day Henan was the ninth and last capital of kings of the Shang Dynasty. This began what we call the Chinese civilization. Ancient China fought wars and Civil wars and was also sometimes conquered by other people.

Chinese civilization originated in various regional centers along both the Yellow River and the Yangtze River valleys in the Neolithic era, but the Yellow River is said to be the cradle of Chinese civilization. The written history of China can be found as early as the Shang Dynasty (c. 1600 – 1046 BC) although ancient historical texts such as the Records of the Grand Historian (ca. 100 BC) and Bamboo Annals say that a Xia Dynasty existed before the Shang. Much of Chinese culture, literature and philosophy further developed during the Zhou Dynasty (1045 – 256 BC).

About 1046 BC, the Zhou Dynasty defeated the last king of the Shang Dynasty and came to power. They changed the capital from Henan to a place near present-day Xi'an, near the Yellow River. The Zhou Dynasty also brought a new theory to China(see the Mandate of Heaven). Almost all dynasties of Chinese rulers continued to repeat this theory. The kings of this dynasty won many new areas. For the first time in the history of China, a large number of people also moved from one area to another area for settlement.

The Spring and Autumn Period was around the 8th century BC. The Zhou dynasty continued, but its power waned as the lords gained lands and followers. Many kings ruled in different parts of China. China became several fragmented states, each ruled by a different king. In some cases, a king ruled just a village with a small fort.

During this period in China, many new lines of thinking arose. Some of them continue to be important. They are Confucianism, Taoism, Legalism and Mohism.

The Spring and Autumn Period continued for about 300 years. By the 5th century BC, there were only seven main Chinese states left. They had taken over all the smaller areas. These states continued to fight each other. Historians call this period the Warring States Period due to wars and fights among these states. In 221 BC, Ying Zheng, king of the State of Qin, united all seven states. He made himself the Emperor of China and founded the Qin Dynasty.

Between eras of multiple kingdoms and warlordism, Chinese dynasties have ruled parts or all of China. In some eras, control has stretched as far as Central Asia, Tibet and Vietnam. This Chinese imperialism began with the Qin Dynasty: in 221 BC, Qin Shi Huang conquered the various warring kingdoms and created the first Chinese empire. The Qin () emperor Qin Shi Huang made everyone write the same way. He also had ideas about the state which he based on legalism and fought Confucianism.

Successive dynasties in Chinese history developed bureaucratic systems that gave the Emperor of China direct control of vast territories.

The conventional view of Chinese history is that of alternating periods of political unity and disunity, with China occasionally being dominated by steppe peoples, most of whom were in turn assimilated into the Han Chinese population. Cultural and political influences from many parts of Asia, carried by successive waves of immigration, expansion, and cultural assimilation, are part of the modern culture of China.


Shaka

Shaka kaSenzangakhona (sometimes spelled Tshaka, Tchaka or Chaka; ca. 1787 – ca. 22 September 1828) was the most important leader of the Zulu Empire. He joined the Zulu tribal groups together into the beginnings of a nation. This Zulu nation ruled a large area of southern Africa, between the Phongolo and Mzimkhulu rivers. His leadership and his energy make him one of the greatest Zulu chieftains. He has been called a military genius for his changes and new ideas. However, there were also brutal and cruel things that happened when he was in charge. 

Shaka maintained a good relationship with the Europeans in Africa, including the Colonial leaders. He was disliked by other Africans, including his own people, who hated his constant wars. 

Ten years of warfare placed incredible strains on the Zulu nation. Shaka, unstable and worried about being replaced by an heir, finally snapped into madness after the death of his mother in 1828. He imposed a year of celibacy on his people. He killed anyone who did not show enough sadness at the death of his mother. He was killed within the year by his half-brother, Dingane, who succeeded him as ruler. 

Even though he created brutal conditions for his subjects, he created the powerful Zulu Kingdom.

Halo

A halo is a ring of light that surrounds an object. Also, in much religious art, it may be seen surrounding the heads of saintly people such as Jesus.

It is believed by some Hindus that the halo shown around the heads of holy people is a depiction of their "activated" crown chakra.

Halos are visual phenomena that appear near or around the Sun or Moon, and sometimes near other strong light sources such as street lights. There are many types of optical halos, but they are mostly caused by ice crystals in certain types of clouds. The shape of the crystals changes the type of halo seen. Light is reflected by the ice and may split into colors, similar to the rainbow.


Greek underworld

The underworld is the place in Greek mythology where people go when they die. The underworld is controlled by Hades, one of the three main gods. The underworld's gates are guarded by the three-headed dog, Cerberus. The underworld was surrounded by five rivers. The Acheron was the river of woe, the Cocytus was the river of lamentation, the Phlegethon the river of fire, the Styx, the river of the unbreakable oath by which the gods took their vows, and the Lethe the river of forgetfulness. When entering the underworld, Charon would take those with gold coins to the underworld. Not everyone could enter, because not everyone had golden coins to pay the fare. 

Three judges, by the names of Rhadamanthus, Minos, and Aeacus, would then decide where you would go. People that lived normal lives would go to The Fields of Asphodel. Heroes would go to The Fields of Elysium. People who did horrible things would go the Fields of Punishment. If you were put into Elysium, you could choose to be reborn or stay. If you went to Elysium three times, then you went to the Isle of the Blessed. This was like the ultimate heaven. Tartaros () was another place in the underworld, where immortal enemies of the current Twelve Olympians are eternally punished, for example Kronos and the other Titans. Tartaros overlaps with the fields of punishment. In the fields of punishment, you get punished depending how bad your crime is.

Mughal Empire

The Mughal Empire (, ) was a Muslim empire in South Asia which existed from 1526 to 1858. When it was biggest it ruled most of the subcontinent, including what is now Pakistan, India, Afghanistan, and Bangladesh, between 1526 and 1707. Worth 25% of the world's GDP, it was the world's largest economy and it was well known for having signaled proto-industrialization and for its lavish architecture.

The Mughal emperors were Turk-Mongols in origin. Babur of the Timurid dynasty founded the Mughal Empire (and Mughal dynasty) in 1526 and ruled until 1530. He was followed by Humayun (1530-1540) and (1555-1556), Akbar (1556-1605), Jahangir (1605-1627), Shah Jahan (1628-1658), and Aurangzeb (1658-1707) and several other minor rulers until Bahadur Shah Zafar II (1837-1857). After the death of Aurangzeb, the Mughal Empire became weak. It continued until 1857-58. By that time, South Asia had become under the British Raj.

The Mughal Empire was established by able Muslim rulers who came from the present-day Uzbekistan after defeating the Delhi sultanate. The Mughal rule in South Asia saw the region being united as one single unit and being administered under one single powerful ruler. During the Mughal period, art and architecture flourished and many beautiful monuments were constructed. The rulers were skillful warriors and admirers of art as well.

British Raj

The British Raj was a colony of the British Empire from 1858 to 1947. "Raj" is a word in Hindi that means "rule" and so "British Raj" means rule by the British Empire in South Asia. The area is now in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Myanmar. The British Raj is also called the British Indian Empire or simply British India. 
The term "British Raj" is used for the direct British rule over areas that had been conquered by the British, which are known as British India and included the British influence over many independent princely states. Those areas were governed by their own traditional rulers although they were under the overall authority of the British crown. An estimated 165 million people may have died as a result of British colonial policies from 1880 to 1920. This number is larger than the death toll from both World War I and World War II, including The Holocaust.

Undivided India is another term to mean the whole area of British rule, but it does not include Burma, which became in 1937 its own British colony. The colony of Aden came under the same government from 1858 to 1937, as were British Somaliland (now part of Somalia) from 1884 to 1898 and Singapore from 1858 to 1867.

British rule ended on 15 August 1947. The borders between India and Pakistan came into effect on the 18 August. Many people died during the Partition of India.

Jammu and Kashmir, like the other princely states, had not been under direct British rule. India and Pakistan went to war over the area, which is now divided between them.

The 1861 census showed that the British population in the subcontinent was 125,945. Only 41,862 of them were civilians as compared with 84,083 European officers and men of the Army. In 1880, the standing Indian Army consisted of 66,000 British soldiers, 130,000 natives, and 350,000 soldiers in the princely armies.

Lever

A lever is a simple machine. It is something that can be used in a lot of ways. One way is by measuring things, or by seeing which weighs more. A lever is supported by a fulcrum which it uses to lifts weights. It is one of six simple machines. There are three types of levers: first-class, second-class and third-class.

The earliest remaining writings about levers are from the 3rd century BC. They were written by Archimedes. ""Give me a place to stand, and I shall move the earth."" is a famous quote from Archimedes who stated the correct mathematical principle of levers (quoted by Pappus of Alexandria).

There are three kinds of levers. The difference between them is where the is and where the forces are acting.

A first-class lever is a lever where the fulcrum is in between the effort and resistance (the load). Seesaws and crowbars are examples of first class levers.

A second-class lever is where the resistance is between the effort and the fulcrum. Wheel barrows and wrenches are examples of second class levers.

A third class lever is where the effort is between the resistance and the fulcrum. Staplers and your forearm are examples of third class levers.

Pulley

A pulley is a simple machine that is used to lift heavy objects. Block and tackle system is a modified form of a pulley. Pulleys are usually used in sets designed to make the amount of force needed to lift something smaller.A pulley may be simple, but this is used in complex things like elevators!

Pulleys are useful in construction sites. 

Józef Piłsudski

Józef Klemens Piłsudski (December 5, 1867 – May 12, 1935) was an important leader of Poland. He is seen in Poland as the father of the Polish state, since he declared Poland's independence at the end of World War 1.

From 1795 to 1918, Poland was not an independent country. The partitions of Poland divided it into three parts between Russia, Prussia (Germany) and Austria-Hungary. Piłsudski was born in the Russian part. The government tried to make Poles become Russian but Piłsudski was born in a noble family of patriots, that wanted Poland to be an own independent country.

In 1887 he got into trouble for helping people who tried to overthrow the Russian Tsar. For that he was sent to Siberia. When he came back from there he got more and more involved in politics.

Later Piłsudski became a soldier and wanted to make Poland independent again. At the beginning of World War I, people who agreed with Pilsudski helped Austria-Hungary, because they preferred it to Russia. Piłsudski created a Polish army in Austria called the Polish Legions. Piłsudski is famous for leading the I. Brigade of the Polish Legions.

When they stopped helping Austria-Hungary and Germany, Piłsudski was arrested. When the War was over, he was freed.

He came to Warsaw in November 1918 and helped to organize Poland, which now existed again after 123 of partition. Then, for a short time, he became its leader (not president but head of state). Gabriel Narutowicz became Poland's first president, but he was assassinated a few days later and Stanisław Wojciechowski became the next president. Piłsudski was shocked and left politics for a few years.

Poland's situation was not good and the politicians argued a lot. Many people, especially the soldiers, wanted Piłsudski back, so he told Wojciechowski to resign. When Wojciechowski said no, Piłsudki took over with the help of the Army. Parliament elected Ignacy Mościcki, Piłsudski's close friend to be the new president. . Together, they changed the Polish constitution and made other changes which made Poland stronger in the 1920s and 30s.
Today, Piłsudski is remembered as a heroe. He has many statues and streets named after him.
Joseph Piłsudski, was born on 5 December 1867 in Zułowo in Lithuania, into a patriotic family. His father, Joseph Wincenty (1833-1902), had fought in the January 1863 Uprising against the Russian rule of Poland-Lithuania. His mother - Maria (1842-1884) - came from a famous family. He had a daughter, Jadwiga Piłsudska (1920-2014).

Piłsudski was a patriot since he was very young and often had problems with the Russian teachers in his school.

In his youth he got involved with Polish and Russian revolutionaries that planned to overthrow the Russian government and was sent to Siberia for helping them.

In Siberia he met many Polish Soldiers that fought for Independence in the 1863 uprising against Russia.

After his return from Siberia, Piłsudski created the Polish Socialist Party, that wanted to bring Poland back. They also wanted workers to be treated fairly. He wrote newspapers for the party and reminded Polish workers of their old homeland.

His party had paramilitary organizations that made protests and uprisings against Russian officers and generals from time to time.

Piłsudski personally took part in the famous Bezdanny Raid, where Piłsudski and his friends took a lot of money from a train that belonged to the Tsar.

With the money Piłsudski bought weapons and started preparing for the coming World War. Piłsudski hoped that during the war Russia and Germany would fight against each other, giving Poland a chance to return.

When World War 1 broke out, Piłsudski lead his armies on the side of Austria.

Piłsudski's Polish Legions won many battles for Austria and Germany against Russia and this made them respect Poland, allowing the existence of a Polish State in 1916.

Piłsudski's Brigade (I. Brigade) is also the subject of the famous Polish military song "My pierwsza brygada" which is the current anthem of the Polish military and very popular in Poland.

When Piłsudski decided that Poland must be indepenent from Germany too, he was arrested and brought to a fortress in Magdeburg, Germany in 1917. He was released at the end of the war in November 1918.

When Piłsudski returned to Poland, he was celebrated by masses of happy people. He was and is loved as a heroe in Poland to this day.

On 11. November Piłsudski declared that Poland is an independent country again, after 123 years of Poland not existing on the map.

After Poland started to exist again, Piłsudski was the leader of Poland.

In Russia a revolution broke out during World War 1 that deposed the Tsar and later the government.

The new soviet Russia was communist and wanted to conquer Europe, included Poland.

When in the year 1920 the soviet red army was at the gates of Warsaw, Poland's capital, Piłsudski sent his soldiers to battle the red army and defeated them. This battle is celebrated in Poland every year.

After the war with Russia was over, Piłsudski gave his power to the new democratic government of Poland in 1922.

Unfortunately, the first president was killed only 2 days after he became president. Piłsudski was very disappointed and sad, so he left politics and spent time with his family in their house in Sulejówek (a part of Warsaw).

The new governments of Poland were very weak and Poland was becoming pooerer and poorer. Many people missed Piłsudski and wanted him to become the leader of Poland again.

When Piłsudski organized a demonstration in 1926 asking the President to resign, fights broke out between Piłsudski's supporters and the president's supporters.

Finally, Piłsudski won the fights and was the leader of Poland again. His friend, Ignacy Mościcki was elected president by the Polish parliament.

Piłsudski's government was called "Sanacja" which means "healing", because they wanted to heal Poland of its problems and bad situation.

Under Piłsudski life became better in Poland and after some years, Poland was a strong country in Europe again.

Unfortuantly, Józef Piłsudski died in 1935 because of cancer. He was succeeded by General Edward Rydz-Śmigły, a soldier that fought for Piłsudski during World War 1.

Isaiah Berlin

Sir Isaiah Berlin OM, FBA (6 June 1909 – 5 November 1997) was a British philosopher. He was born in Riga, Latvia, which at the time was a part of the Russian Empire. He was Jewish, and was the first Jew to win the prize of a fellowship at All Souls College, Oxford University. 
Isaiah Berlin was an important person of the 20th century. People see him as an important thinker of Liberalist ideas. He was made a member of the Order of Merit and was a professor at the University of Oxford. He made a distinction between positive liberty and negative liberty. His most famous work is probably "Two Concepts of Liberty" (where he introduced this distinction.) He died 5 November 1997.

Guru Granth Sahib

The Guru Granth Sahib , also called Adi Granth, is the holy book of the religion Sikhism. It contains prayers, and hymns of Sikh religion. Sikhs believe the Guru Granth Sahib to be a living Guru, hence the Guru Granth Sahib has its own place also commonly known as 'Sach Khand' (the Heaven).

The name of the book is made up of three words. The first word is Guru, and a Guru in Sanskrit language means a teacher. Granth is a word of Hindi, and this means a book. The third word Sahib is a word of Urdu language and it means master. Thus, the Guru Granth Sahib means "a Master Book by the Teacher". The Guru Granth Sahib, is a collection of hymns of the first five "Sikh Gurus", the "Ninth Guru", and various saints, or "bhagats" Sikhs and others such as Baba Farid.

But what makes it so significant is that it has the solution to every problem in the World. The Granth teaches us how we should live, and promotes a modern ideology. This is why it makes it so important to Sikhs.

The book is usually placed in the centre of the gurdwara, high up under a roof.They treat it as a living guru, waving a chaura(fan) over it and decorate its "seat"

It is written in the script called Gurmukhi. The first composition in the Guru Granth Sahib is Mool mantar by Guru Nanak Dev Ji. 

Zeno of Elea

Zeno of Elea was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher of southern Italy. He was born about 495 BC and died about 430 BC: the exact dates are not known meaning he was around the age of 65 years old.

Zeno a member of the Eleatic School founded by Parmenides. Aristotle called him the inventor of dialectic. He is best known for his paradoxes, which Bertrand Russell has described as "immeasurably subtle and profound".

Zeno also founded the Stoic School of Philosophy.

He was labeled as the "inventor of dialect" by Aristotle

Although many ancient writers refer to the writings of Zeno, not one of his writings have survived intact.

Plato says that Zeno's writings were "brought to Athens for the first time on the occasion of" the visit of Zeno and Parmenides

According to Proclus in his "Commentary on Plato's Parmenides", Zeno produced "not less than forty arguments revealing contradictions", but only nine are now known.

Zeno's arguments are perhaps the first examples of a method of proof called "reductio ad absurdum", meaning "to reduce to the absurd". This destructive method of argument was used by him to such an extent that he became famous for it.


Zeno of Citium

Zeno of Citium (sometimes called Zeno Apathea) (333 BC264 BC) was a Syrian philosopher. He was the student of Carates of Thebes, who was the most famous cynic at that time. He started the Stoic school of philosophy.

Iron Curtain

The Iron Curtain is a term related to the Cold War. It means the border between the states that were members of the Warsaw Pact (in Eastern Europe), and those that were not (then called "The West").

This border was between East Germany and West Germany, between Czechoslovakia and Austria, and between Hungary and Austria. 

At the end of World War II Austria, Germany and Berlin were divided into four zones. In 1955, a treaty was signed. The treaty said that the Allied forces must leave Austria. In return, the Austrian government promised to do certain things, like not form a territorial union with Germany and recognise certain minorities, amongst others. The whole of Europe was separated into a Soviet Union zone in the East and a neutral or US-dominated zone in the West. The splitting of Europe, Germany and especially Berlin into two political blocks was part of the Cold War between the United States of America and other western countries on one side and the Soviet Union and its allies on the other. The wartime Allied Forces split after their common enemy, Nazi Germany, was defeated in May 1945.

The idea of the Iron Curtain was referring to the separation of the communist Europe compared to the democratic west, it was the idea that what was happening in the "satellite states" and in Russia was secret to the rest of the world. Satellite state refers to a country being controlled by another, in this case Russia was controlling countries such as Hungary, Poland, Romania, Bulgaria and others which were previously controlled by Germany in WW2.

The idea of the Iron Curtain was made public by Winston Churchill, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, in 1946 when he was invited to speak at American University by Harry S. Truman (the American president at the time). Churchill's speech was seen by Nikita Khrushchev; leader of the USSR from 1958 until 1964 as a declaration of war, as Churchill urged a struggle against the Soviet Union.


Indus Valley civilization

The Indus Valley civilization or the Harrapan civilization (3300–1300 BC; mature period 2700–1700 BC) was a Bronze Age civilization around the Indus river in Pakistan. It is among the four oldest civilisations in the world and also the earliest known urban culture of South Asia. It also covered some areas of western India and had a trading colony in Afghanistan. It was discovered by archaeologists in the 1880s. It developed along the Indus and the Ghaggar-Hakra rivers.It is one of the world’s three earliest civilizations, along with Mesopotamia and Ancient Egypt.

The civilization started during the Bronze Age and the height of its development was between 2500 BC and 1500 BC. Including the civilizations directly before and after, it may have lasted from the 3rd to the 14th century BC. Its two large cities are Harappa and Mohenjo-daro in Pakistan’s Punjab and Sindh provinces. The ruins of Mohenjo-daro were designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1980.

The Indus Valley civilization covered a large area from most of modern Pakistan to small parts of western India. The first city to be discovered by excavation (digging up) was Harappa in Punjab, Pakistan and so this civilization is also called the 'Harappan Civilization'.

They were good builders. The ruins of the site shows skillful design. Their buildings had two or sometimes more stories. The bathrooms were attached to the rooms. One of the unique features of the city was its elaborate drainage system. A brick-lined drainage channel flowed alongside every street. Removable bricks were placed at regular intervals for easy cleaning and inspection.

The Harappan traders used seals on the knots of the sacks to be transported to make sure that they were not opened during the journey. Nobody knows how to read their writing system.

In 1842 Charles Masson wrote a book that mentioned the sites of Indus Valley Civilisation. Few people paid attention. Later, in 1921/22, John Marshall organised the first archaeological dig at Harappa.

Sumer

Sumer is the earliest known civilization in southern Mesopotamia (in modern-day southern Iraq). They may have been one of the first civilizations in the world, as were Ancient Egypt and the Indus Valley.

Sumer started around 3500 BC. The Sumerian civilization grew along the Tigris and Euphrates. This land was good for growing food. Sumerian culture is famous for its written cuneiform script - where letters were formed by pressing a triangle shaped reed into wet-clay tiles. They are also credited with creating the wheel, and dividing a day into 24 hours, and each hour into 60 minutes.

The earliest texts come from the cities of Uruk and Jemdet Nasr and date back to 3300 BC. Early cuneiform script writing emerged in 3000 BC.

Sumerian communities were organized into city-states, each ruled by a priest or king, until Akkad conquered them in the third millennium BC. One of the most famous Sumerian cities was Ur (not the same city as Uruk, but near it).

During the 3rd millennium BC, a close cultural symbiosis developed between the Sumerians, who spoke a language isolate, and Akkadian-speakers, which included widespread bilingualism.

The Sumerian city of Eridu, on the coast of the Persian Gulf, may have been the world's first city.

The Sumerians lost their identity with their language around 2000 BC, because a large group of different people, the Amorites, moved into their region. The Sumerian language continued as a religious language taught in schools in Babylonia and Assyria, for as long as cuneiform was used.

The Sumerians made their clothing by using the natural resources that were available to them. Clothing was made from wool or flax which Sumerians could raise and harvest. How thick or how coarse the clothing was related to the season in which it was worn. Heavier clothing was worn in the winter, lighter clothing in the summer.

Men were bare-chested and wore skirt-like clothes that tied at the waist. Women usually wore dresses that covered them from their shoulders to their ankles. The right arm and shoulder were left uncovered. Men were either clean shaven or had long hair and beards. Women wore their hair long, but they usually braided it and wrapped it around their heads. When entertaining guests, women placed headdresses in their hair.

Although both rich and poor Sumerians wore the same style of clothing, the richer Sumerians wore clothing that was made out of expensive and luxurious materials. Rich women and princesses also wore clothing that was colorful and bright.

Both men and women wore earrings and necklaces. During celebrations, even more jewelry was worn. The wealthier Sumerians often wore beautiful gold and silver bracelets and earrings. Sumerians also wore necklaces with bright, precious stones. Some of these stones were lapis lazuli and carnelian.


Cingular Wireless

Cingular Wireless was a mobile phone company from the United States. Cingular Wireless was created in 2000 resulting from a joint venture of SBC Communications Inc. and the BellSouth Corporation. AT&T Mobility LLC bought Cingular in 2006, subsequently causing Cingular to adopt the AT&T Wireless name. Notably, the first iPhone was sold in Cingular Wireless stores.

Zeno

Zeno may mean:

People:

Other uses:


Diogenes

Diogenes (Διογένης) is a Greek name. It can refer to different people:

Mystery Science Theater 3000

Mystery Science Theater 3000 (MST3K) is an American comedy television series. It was made in the U.S. state of Minnesota from 1988 to 1999. The series was at first made for a local station in Minnesota. It was later moved to Comedy Central, and then The Sci-Fi Channel. The series was about a man (originally Joel Robinson, played by Joel Hodgson, the show's creator, and later Mike Nelson, played by Michael J. Nelson, the show's head writer), who is put in a spaceship by an evil scientist. He was forced to watch some of the worst movies ever made. Joel makes some robots to keep him company. Two of the robots, named Crow T. Robot (played by Trace Beaulieu and, later Bill Corbett) and Tom Servo (played by Josh Weinstein and later Kevin Murphy), watch the movies with him. While the movie is shown, the three make jokes and comments about the movie they watch.


Blaze Starr

Blaze Starr (born Fannie Belle Fleming; 10 April 1932 – 15 June 2015) was an American stripper and burlesque star. In the 1950s, she became well known in the United States. Besides her burlesque dancing, her affair with Governor Earl Long of the state of Louisiana got her more popularity.

Starr was born in rural Wayne County, West Virginia. She lived in Washington, D.C. and in Baltimore, Maryland during her youth.

When Blaze Starr first met Governor Long in 1958, her first feeling was fear. She was afraid she was going to jail when the Governor of Louisiana walked in with the police during a dance. When the Governor and the police gave Blaze a standing ovation, she was dumbfounded. Blaze had never known a politician who went to a show bar for any reason other than to cause the dancers trouble. After her show, the Governor asked for her to come to his table. They became friends.

Their relationship quickly grew into a love affair. Soon coworkers, reporters, and voters all knew of the affair. Mrs. Blanche Long, the Governor's wife, told hospital people that Earl was crazy and had him put away. She thought this would make Earl end the affair with Blaze. The affair continued until the day Earl died in 1960.

Her life was exciting and full of adventures. In the 1950s, stripping was more of an art form. It was not just women taking off their clothes to get men into bed. Blaze was close to her family. Blaze met her perfect match when she met Earl. He accepted her life style and she accepted his. They fulfilled each other's needs for companionship, compassion, and love.

Starr died on June 15, 2015 at her home in Wilsondale, West Virginia. She was 83 years old. She had been worried about the health of her dog, whom she adopted as a stray. Her sister, Cathy Fleming, believed this stress, along with a "severe heart condition", killed her. Her dog died hours later.


Zip drive

The Zip drive is a data storage device. The company Iomega introduced it in late 1994.

Originally it only supported 100 MB disks, but later versions began to support 250 MB and 750 MB disks.

Higher capacity Zip disks must be used in a drive with at least the same capacity ability. Generally, higher capacity drives also handle all lower capacity media. However, it is slower to write data on a 100 MB disk with a 250 MB Zip drive than with a 100 MB Zip drive.

Zip drives can transmit data to the computer in various ways. Internal drives have been made with IDE and SCSI interfaces. External drives can use SCSI, parallel port or USB interface.

Zip disks are thicker than 3.5" (9 cm) floppy disks. Nevertheless, zip disks are quite similar in appearance to regular floppy disks. This means the Zip drive slot is large enough to accept such a floppy disk. However, they are not interchangeable.

Cosmetics

Cosmetics (also called makeup, make up, or make-up) are products used to make the human body look different. Often cosmetics are used to make someone more attractive to one person, or to a culture or sub-culture. In Western culture, women are the main users of cosmetics. Their use by men is less frequent, except on stage, television and movies. Cosmetics are widely used in the world of acting.

All cosmetics are temporary. They need to be renewed after a certain time. Cosmetics include lipstick, powders (e.g. blush, eyeshadow), and lotions as well as other things.

Most cosmetic products and methods are intended to improve the look of the face. There are two categories: those which improve the basic quality of the skin, and those which sit on the skin during active social life. 

The purpose here is to clean the skin, improve its basic quality, and prepare it for the application of make-up. Products are of these types:

These are the cosmetics which the viewer actually sees on the face (or other parts of the body). They are some or all of these:

The word "cosmetics" comes from the Greek κοσμητικός ("kosmētikos"), "skilled in ordering or arranging".

Archaeological confirms use of cosmetics in ancient Egypt and Greece. Cosmetics used included:
The Ancient Greeks also used cosmetics. Cosmetics are mentioned also in the Old Testament. Men who think makeup is dishonest sometimes call makeup "fakeup".

The makeup market originated and developed in the United States during the 1910s, thanks to the pioneering efforts of influential figures such as Elizabeth Arden, Helena Rubinstein, and Max Factor. These visionary individuals played a crucial role in shaping the cosmetics industry. Shortly before the outbreak of World War II, Revlon entered the scene, followed by Estée Lauder in the post-war period, further solidifying the market's growth and diversity.

Elizabeth Arden, Helena Rubinstein, Max Factor, Revlon, and Estée Lauder were instrumental in introducing innovative beauty products and revolutionizing the way makeup was perceived and used. Their contributions not only elevated the concept of makeup but also propelled it into the mainstream.

Often referred to as cosmetics, makeup encompasses a wide range of products designed to enhance or alter one's appearance. Examples include lipstick, mascara, foundation, eyeshadow, blush, and various other beauty items. These products are meticulously formulated and crafted to cater to diverse preferences, skin types, and tones.

The advent of these visionary makeup brands brought about a significant shift in societal attitudes towards beauty and self-expression. Their commitment to quality, innovation, and consumer satisfaction set the stage for the thriving cosmetics industry we see today. The influence of these pioneers continues to resonate, shaping trends, inspiring new brands, and driving continuous evolution within the makeup market.

With a rich history rooted in the early 20th century, the makeup market has evolved into a multi-billion-dollar industry, driven by a constant stream of new product launches, collaborations, and advancements in technology. Today, makeup has become an integral part of many individuals' daily routines, allowing them to express their unique personalities, enhance their features, and embrace their individuality.


Napoleonic Wars

The Napoleonic Wars were fought during the rule of Napoleon Bonaparte over France. They started after the French Revolution ended, and Bonaparte became powerful in France in November 1799. War restarted between the United Kingdom and France in 1803 despite the Treaty of Amiens.

The wars changed European military systems. Cannons became lighter and moved faster. Armies were much larger but had better food and supplies and were very large and destructive, mainly because of compulsory conscription. The French became powerful very fast and conquered most of Europe but then lost quickly after the French invasion of Russia failed.

The Napoleonic Wars ended with the Second Treaty of Paris on 20 November 1815, just after the huge Battle of Waterloo, a large battle that the French lost. Napoleon was sent into exile, and the House of Bourbon ruled France again.

Some people call the time between 20 April 1792 and 20 November 1815 "the Great French War".
On one side were the France, the Kingdom of Italy and others. On the other side were Great Britain, Prussia, Austria, Russia, Sweden, Portugal, Spain, Sicily, and others.

On May 18 1804, Napoleon Bonaparte was crowned Emperor of the French at Notre-Dame de Paris. The following year, the Third Coalition startedin response, but he crowned himself King of Italy. Austrian Emperor Franz I angrily declared war on him and began the War of the Third Coalition. The British destroyed the French Navy at the Battle of Trafalgar in October. In December the Austrians and the Russians allied and fought the French at the Battle of Austerlitz. The Russo-Austrian army suffered a devastating defeat and had to sign a treaty with Napoleon.

In 1806, the War of the Fourth Coalition started. The Kingdom of Prussia declared war on France first but was crushed by Napoleon's troops at the Battle of Jena. Napoleon captured Berlin before the Russians could help. In 1807, Napoleon defeated the Russian army at the Battle of Friedland, which ended the Fourth Coalition.

In 1809, the War of the Fifth Coalition began by Austria declaring war on Napoleon. In the early phases of the war, the Austrians had advantage of the war, but later the French captured Vienna and ended the Fifth Coalition. At the height of his power in 1810, Napoleon had controlled France, Spain, northern Italy, Germany and part of Russia.

In 1808, the Peninsular War began when Napoleon crowned his brother Joseph Bonaparte as King of Spain, and France fought British, Spanish, and Portuguese troops. In 1809, the Finnish War began between Russia and Sweden after Sweden and Portugal made peace with France. That led to the annexation of Finland by Russia and the decisive failure of Sweden. In 1811, France and Russia made disagreements again, and Napoleon allied with Prussia and Austria and invaded Russia.

Napoleon staged a French invasion of Russia in 1812 by gathering the largest army that Europe and possibly the whole world had ever seen, just as the Americans and the British started the War of 1812. In Russia, Napoleon barely won the huge Battle of Borodino but lost many of his soldiers. Napoleon hoped to make peace with the Russias, but they decided to retreat and abandon Moscow to the advancing French troops. Napoleon found Moscow empty and burning. The cold winter along with starvation from scorched earth tactics devastated Napoleon's army. That was the first important defeat in his conquest of Europe

Napoleon's weakened "Grande Armée" had to retreat to Paris through the freezing winter of Russia but was finally defeated by the Russians. Prussia and Austria declared war after Napoleon's failure and began the War of the Sixth Coalition. Later, Leo Tolstoy's novel War and Peace and Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky's music piece 1812 Overture depicted the Patriotic War and celebrated the resistance and the liberation of Russia.

Meanwhile, the much smaller War of 1812 started between the British and the Americans, the latter trying to conquer Canada. The war continued until 1815, neither side gaining anything. Revolutions in Latin America made independent states in the Americas of most of the Spanish Empire, which was unstable by the French invasion.

The British, Spanish and Portuguese had pushed Napoleon's forces out of Spain after the Battle of Vitoria. Britain, Russia, Prussi, and Austria defeated Napoleon at the Battle of Leipzig and captured Paris in 1814. The brother of the executed King Louis XVI had already proclaimed himself as French King Louis XVIII, was sent by the Prussian forces to Paris and was crowned. Napoleon was forced to abdicate.

Napoleon was later exiled to Elba and was nearly assassinated. However, he and 200 other men escaped back to Paris, forced Louis XVIII off the throne and stated the Hundred Days. The former Allies formed the Seventh Coalition, and the Duke of Wellington defeated Napoleon again at the Battle of Waterloo with the help of the Prussian General Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher in 1815. Louis XVIII was returned to the throne again, and the Second Restoration began.

Cantata

A cantata is a type of singing which is done accompanied by an instrument(s). By contrast, a cappella specifically refers to unaccompanied singing. The word(cantata) etymologically comes from the Italian word which means "to sing". The word "cantata" was used mainly in the 17th and 18th century to describe music with religious words that were sung by a choir or by soloists or both, accompanied by instruments. The most famous cantatas are those by Johann Sebastian Bach. Nearly all his cantatas are sacred (written for church services). Very often he used Lutheran hymn tunes (chorales) for the first and last movements. In between there are movements for solo singers: recitatives and arias. An example is Bach's cantata no 80 which is based on the chorale "Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott" (“A safe stronghold our God is still”). The whole work is about being safe in the hands of God. This is what the sermon would have been about. The congregation would join in singing the chorale towards the end of the cantata.

Other composers, such as Alessandro Scarlatti (1660-1725) wrote cantatas which were secular (not religious). The word "cantata" has also been used in the 20th century by composers such as Igor Stravinsky (1882-1971) and Benjamin Britten (1913-1976).

Thus the term came to apply to any and all forms of accompanied songs.

Clavichord

A clavichord is a musical instrument like a small keyboard. It was very popular for many years, especially in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries.

The clavichord is a very quiet instrument. It is not suitable for playing with other instruments because it is so quiet. But it sounds very beautiful in slow, expressive music. It is used as a practice instrument by harpsichord players, or by organists who wanted to practice at home instead of in a (often very cold) church. They were so small that they could be lifted up and put on a table. They could be put one on top of another so that an organist could practise music written for a two-manual organ. Sometimes, they even had pedals for organists to practice this skill.

Many German composers like Johann Sebastian Bach wrote music for the “Clavier”. This meant any keyboard instrument: harpsichord, clavichord or organ. The player could choose which they wanted to use.

When the piano suddenly became popular – in the 1760s and 1770s – people started to forget about harpsichords and clavichords. Today a few people make harpsichords and clavichords again so that people can play Renaissance and Baroque music - the music from when the clavichord was popular.

Harmony

Harmony means playing several notes together to make “chords”. The word comes from the Greek "harmonia" meaning "to join things up" . A tune by itself can sound nice, but it can be “harmonized” by adding an accompaniment of chords. Studying how to do this is called harmonization. Music students learn which chords sound nice after one another. These are called “chord progressions”. Many music theorists have written books about harmony.

Music which is made of a tune with harmony underneath is called “homophonic”. In a way it is the opposite of polyphonic which means that each part (each voice) is a tune in itself. However, even polyphony needs to make pleasant harmony. Harmony as we know it in European music had become fully developed by the Baroque period (17th century).

One can play a chord with three notes using the 1st, 3rd and 5th notes of the scale of whatever key the music is in. This gives a chord which sounds like the “home chord”. This means that at least three notes are needed for harmony. In most homophonic music there are four: for example a choir will normally divide into soprano, alto, tenor and bass, or a string quartet will divide into violin 1, violin 2, viola and cello.

Harmony which uses just the notes of the key (e.g. just using white notes for C major) is called “tonal harmony”.

Harmony which adds lots of extra sharps and flats is called “chromatic harmony”.

If music is not in any key at all, like in some music by Arnold Schoenberg, it is “atonal”. Harmony can be atonal.

Bow (weapon)

A bow is a weapon used to shoot arrows. It is used in hunting, sport, and a long time ago, war.

Using a bow is called archery. A person who uses a bow is an archer and a person who makes bows is a bowyer.

A bow is a long curved stick and a string which is tied to both ends. Ancient bows were made of natural materials like wood or bone and sinew, but today they are often made of plastic and similar materials.

To shoot a bow, the arrow is put on the bow, with one end to the string, which is pulled back. When the string is let loose, it throws the arrow forwards.

There are many different types of bows, for example the longbow or the automatic crossbow and the compound bow. 

There are many different ways that people protect themselves from arrow attacks. The Roman Army, for instance, had the testudo formate, or tortoise formation. They first made the shields lock into a somewhat tortoise like formation, which provide a shell that was make out of shields. The arrows would eventually run out, and the Romans would charge. 

Nuclear physics

Nuclear physics is the part of physics that studies the nucleus of the atom. Everything on the earth is made up of atoms; they are the smallest part of a chemical element that still has the properties of that specific element. When two or more atoms combine they create what we know as the molecule, which is the smallest part of a chemical compound which still has the properties of that specific compound. Understanding the structure of atoms is key in studies such as physics, chemistry, biology, etc. 

Atoms are made up of electrons, neutrons, and protons. The protons and neutrons are in the center of the atom, which is called the nucleus. The protons and neutrons are the heaviest part of the atom and make up most of its mass. The electrons move around the nucleus very quickly, making what is called an electron cloud. The electron cloud has a very small mass, but it makes up most of the space of the atom. The electrons have a negative charge, and the protons have a positive charge. Due to the charges in the atom, that is how the atom stays together, by attraction of the electric charges present in the atom.

Atoms have different features that single out one atom from another, and show how each atom can change in different conditions. These properties include atomic number, mass number, atomic mass and weight, and isotopes.

In an atom there are three fundamental forces that keep atoms together. electromagnetic force, strong nuclear force, and weak nuclear force. The electromagnetic force keeps the electrons attached to the atom. The strong nuclear force keeps the protons and neutrons together in the nucleus. The weak nuclear force controls how the atom decays.

In the early 20th century, scientists had trouble explaining the behavior of atoms using their current knowledge of matter. So to deal with this they made a brand new way to view matter and energy, and they called it quantum theory. Quantum theory explains how matter acts both as a particle and a wave.

Atoms emit radiation when their electrons lose energy and drop down to lower orbitals. The difference in energy between the orbitals determines the wavelength of the given radiation. This radiation can be shown by visible light or shorter wavelengths.

Seljuk Empire

The Seljuk Empire was an empire of the Seljuk Turks and a Muslim dynasty. It ruled parts of Central Asia and the Middle East from the 11th to the 14th centuries. It was founded by Tughril Beg in 1037. The Seljuk Empire stretched from Anatolia and the Levant to Afghanistan. It was replaced by the Khwarezmian Empire in 1194.

The Seljuk Empire united the eastern Islamic world, and fought against the Crusaders in the First Crusade and Second Crusade. The Seljuk Empire made several long lasting changes. These affected the region even after the empire was gone. Among them was making Farsi the language for history and events. They also shifted the center for the Arabic language culture from Baghdad to Cairo.    


Central Asia

Central Asia is a region in Asia. The countries in Central Asia are Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan (which are mainly Turkic states) but also includes Tajikistan, and parts of China and Mongolia. The United Nations also includes Afghanistan and parts of Pakistan as part of Central Asia.

People have lived in the region of Central Asia since prehistoric times. Most of the region was part of the Silk Road. It was a part of the Persian Empire until Alexander The Great captured it. When he died, the land was given to his general Seleucus. Seleucus slowly lost it to the Parthians. When the Parthians (the Parthians were Persians) lost power, the Sassanids added it to their own Persian empire. However, a couple years later, during about the 600's A.D, Arab armies spreading the faith of Islam quickly captured it. A while later, an Iranian dynasty got semi- autonomy under the Abbasid Caliphate of Baghdad. They were known as the Samanids. The Samanids controlled most of Central Asia and Northwestern Iran. They had power over this area during the 10th century. With them, Central Asian cities, such as Bukhara and Samarkand, grew in culture. 

However, Turkic armies from this area took the region away from them. They were known as the Seljuk Turks. At the same time, Timur captured it. After his death, the Timurids (the name of the people of the dynasty Timur founded) could not hold unto their empire. They lost it to the Mongols. When the Mongols captured it, burned it to the ground. A while later, some rulers decided to make their own empires under that of the Mongols. These empires were known as Khanates. During the 19th century the Russian Empire conquered these lands. Many years later in 1991, all of the countries of Central Asia declared independence.

Uzbekistan has much cotton. Kazakhstan is rich because it has sold oil, gas and metals to Europe and China. Turkmenistan has adjusted better to independence from the Soviet Union than the other Central Asian countries, but it has been run by a dictatorship. Other than Kazakhstan, most of Central Asia are mostly underdeveloped.



Turkestan

Turkestan (Turkish: Türkistan, Kazakh: Түркістан, Uzbek: Turkiston, Turkmen: Türküstan, , Chinese: 突厥斯坦, literally "Land of Turks") is a region of Central Asia around the Caspian Sea and Aral Sea. Much of it is currently in China. During the 20th century, much of it was in the Soviet Union.

The main ethnic groups in the area are Turks, Chinese, Mongols and Persians.



Mesoamerica

Mesoamerica (literally, "central America") is a geographical region. It begins from around the Tropic of Cancer in central Mexico and ends near Costa Rica. The term is especially used to mean the native peoples and cultures that were there before the Spanish took over that region. The cacao tree is native to this area.

Cathode ray tube

The cathode ray tube or CRT was invented by Karl Ferdinand Braun. It was the most common type of display for many years. It was used in almost all computer monitors and televisions until LCD and plasma screens started being used.

A cathode ray tube has an electron gun. The cathode is an electrode (a metal that can send out electrons when heated). The cathode is inside a glass tube. Also inside the glass tube is an anode that attracts electrons. This is used to pull the electrons toward the front of the glass tube, so the electrons shoot out in one direction, making a cathode ray. To prevent gas discharge, which would prevent the tube from working, the air is taken out of the tube, making a vacuum.

The electrons hit the front of the tube, where a phosphor screen is. The electrons make the phosphor light up. The electrons can be aimed by creating a magnetic field. By carefully controlling which bits of phosphor light up, a bright picture can be made on the front of the vacuum tube. Changing this picture 30 times every second will make it look like the picture is moving. Because there is a vacuum inside the tube (which has to be strong enough to hold out the air), and the tube must be glass for the phosphor to be visible, the tube must be made of thick glass. For a large television, this vacuum tube can be quite heavy.

The cathode ray tube was invented in 1897, and used as an oscilloscope (a machine to show waves). Later, along with other inventions and improvements, it was used for the first modern electronic television by Philo T. Farnsworth in the 1920s. The CRT was the main type of television screen until the liquid crystal display became popular in the early 2000s.

Recitative

Recitative (Italian: “recitativo”) is music which is telling a story quite quickly, as if it were being spoken, "talky". The word means: “to recite” i.e. to tell a story.

Recitative is used in opera, oratorio and cantatas. When opera was invented around 1600 the composers needed to tell the story in music. In recitative the story is sung quickly, with maybe just a harpsichord playing a few chords. After a while, the situation in the story has changed, and the singer can sing an aria which is more interesting musically.

When recitative is just accompanied by a keyboard instrument it is called “recitativo secco” (dry recitative). Sometimes the orchestra joins this. This is called “recitativo accompagnato” (accompanied recitative). There are no bar lines in recitative because there is no regular beat.

Recitative is simple musically, it can sometimes describe the words being sung in quite interesting or amusing ways. Sometimes this might be improvised by the harpsichordist.

In the 19th century the difference between aria and recitative gradually disappeared. Wagner wrote operas where everything had musical interest and the various sections flowed into one another.

Partition of India

The Partition of British India divided the British Raj into the countries of India and Pakistan (East and West Pakistan) in 1947. That was part of the end of British Raj, British rule in the Indian subcontinent. One reason for partition was the two-nation theory, which was presented by Syed Ahmed Khan and stated that Muslims and Hindus were too different to be in one country. Pakistan became a Muslim country. India became a majority Hindu country and became a nominally secular country in 1974 when the word "secular" was added to the Preamble of the Indian Constitution.

The main supporter for partition was Muhammad Ali Jinnah; he became the first Governor-General of Pakistan.

Millions of people moved across the new Radcliffe Line between the two newly formed states. The population of British India in 1947 was about 570 million. After partition, there were 370 million people in India, 170 million in West Pakistan and 30 million people in East Pakistan.

Once the lines had been established, about 14.5 million people crossed the borders to what they hoped was the safety of their religious majority. The 1951 Pakistani Census showed the number of displaced there at 7,226,600. They were presumably Muslims who had entered Pakistan from India. Similarly, the 1951 Indian Census showed 7,295,870 displaced people, apparently Hindus and Sikhs who had moved to India from Pakistan. Both numbers add up to 14.5 million. Other people came from China to take advantage of the open border.

The newly formed governments were unable to deal with the forced migration of such huge numbers. Massive violence occurred on both sides of the new border. Hundreds of thousands died; some estimates are in the millions.

The partition caused a lot of uncertainty in many parts of the new nations, especially in the region of Jammu and Kashmir, parts of which went to both countries, which went to war several times to try to take the whole region.

World Heritage Site

World Heritage Sites are places in the world which are very important from a cultural or natural point of view. A part of the United Nations called UNESCO selects these sites.

The World Heritage Convention ("Convention Concerning the Protection of World Cultural and Natural Heritage") is a United Nations treaty. It governs how World Heritage Sites are selected and protected. Nations that have agreed to the treaty elect 21 countries to the UNESCO World Heritage Committee. That committee sets the list of sites.

Each site is a place or a thing (such as a forest, mountain, lake, desert, monument, building, complex, or city). , there were 1007 sites in 161 different countries. These included 779 cultural sites, 197 natural sites, and 31 mixed properties (which are both naturally and culturally important). Italy has 50 World Heritage Sites - more than any other country.

Each World Heritage Site is part of the legal territory of the nation where the site is located.

UNESCO wants everyone in the world to work to protect each site. Sometimes UNESCO provides funds to help protect a site. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant have destroyed some sites.
The UNESCO selection committee has held a session each year since 1977. The first session was held in Paris, France. At these sessions, the committee choses which applications for World Heritage Site status are added to their list. When something is added to the list, it is said to be ""inscribed"" on the list. The entry on the list is called an "Inscription".

Until the end of 2004, there were six criteria for cultural heritage sites and four criteria for natural heritage sites. In 2005, a single set of ten criteria replaced the old cultural and natural heritage criteria. To qualify as a World Heritage Site, nominated sites must meet at least one of the ten criteria; they must also be of "outstanding universal value." If a site meets both cultural and natural criteria, it is called a "mixed site".

UNESCO designation as a World Heritage Site provides "prima facie" evidence that such culturally sensitive sites are legally protected pursuant to the Laws of war, under the Geneva Conventions, their articles, protocols and customs, together with other treaties including the Hague Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict and international law.

Thus, the Geneva Convention treaty promulgates:

"Article 53. PROTECTION OF CULTURAL OBJECTS AND OF PLACES OF WORSHIP. Without prejudice to the provisions of the Hague Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict of 14 May 1954,' and of other relevant international instruments, it is prohibited:


Tail

A tail is the section at the rear end of an animal's body. Most animals have tails, like cats, dogs, whales, fish, cheetahs, and monkeys. The official name, almost never used, is "caudal appendage".

Many animals on land have a tail, even though they evolved in different lines of descent like reptiles and mammals did.

Signalling to each other is one function (see dogs for example). Balance, especially in trees, is another. Another thing to think about is the change from dinosaur tails to bird tails. Bird tails directly steer flying. They also have a signalling function. Don't forget insect tails. In flying insects they do help steering, much as bird tails do. In fish it's all about propulsion.

Humans don't have a tail. That puts us in a minority of simians which are tailless. It's not obvious why, though it perhaps has something to do with our upright stance. Unlike monkeys, apes have no tail. It's certainly seems easier to sit down with no tail, but monkeys manage with tails pretty well.

Some species of lizard can detach (drop off) their tails from their bodies. This can help them to escape predators. The predator is either distracted by the wriggling, detached tail or left with only the tail while the lizard escapes.

Ganesha

Ganesha or (Ganesh) is the elephant-headed god in Hindu Religion. He is the son of God Shiva and Goddess Parvati.

Ganesha is a very popular god in Hindu Religion, and is one of the most worshipped. Hindu tradition states that Ganesha is a god of wisdom, success and good luck. He is also the giver of different types of favors. The Hindu tradition calls Ganesha as the Vighneshvara. "Vighneshvara" in Sanskrit language means one who is the lord of removing obstacles or difficulties. Thus, the Hindu tradition states that by worshiping Ganesha, one can remove all obstacles and difficulties.


Indie (music)

Indie is a word that is short for independent. When people talk about indie in music, they mean music that is made by people independently from major record labels (mainly rock and roll groups and artists). Indie music could also be very experimental, meaning that people try out things like new or different sounds. The styles can range from rock music to house music to pop music.

Examples of what could be described as indie music include indie rock and indie pop.

The group of stereotypical teens who tend to listen to indie music are called indie kids.


Half-life

Half-life can mean different things:


Chivas USA

Club Deportivo Chivas USA is an American football (soccer) team that played in Major League Soccer (MLS) in Carson, California. They began play in 2005, and played at the home of the Los Angeles Galaxy.

When the team was formed, it was planned to be a ""little brother"" to the very popular Mexican team C.D. Guadalajara. ""Chivas"", the Spanish word for ""goats"", is the nickname of C.D. Guadalajara. The team was originally owned by two Mexican businessmen, one of whom also owned C.D. Guadalajara. Due to falling attendance and ownership failures, MLS bought the team back in February 2014, with plans to sell it to new owners who would give the team a new name. In September 2014, the team was sold to a new group. As part of the sale, Chivas USA was dissolved at the end of the 2014 season. A new team, Los Angeles FC, started play in 2017 replacing the old Chivas USA. The assets of the team were purchased by Wrexham A.F.C. in 2023 as co-owner Ryan Reynolds announced plans to re-start the team as an American "feeder club" for Wrexham. Due to the relatively recent time in which this news was announced, there are not many more details known about the takeover.

Cycle

Cycle might mean:


Abu Musab al-Zarqawi

Abu Musab al-Zarqawi (, ', "Father of Musab, from Zarqa"; ; October 30, 1966 – June 7, 2006), born Ahmad Fadeel al-Nazal al-Khalayleh (, '), was a Jordanian jihadist who ran a terrorist training camp in Afghanistan. He became known after going to Iraq and being responsible for a series of bombings, beheadings, and attacks during the Iraq War, reportedly "turning an insurgency against US troops" in Iraq "into a Shia–Sunni civil war". He was sometimes known by his supporters as the "Sheikh of the slaughterers".

Salta Province

Salta is a province in the north of Argentina. It has a population of 1,000,000.

It is famous for its wonderful natural views and the old architecture in the provincial capital, Salta City.


Fermat's primality test

Fermat's primality test is an algorithm. It can test if a given number "p" is probably prime. There is a flaw however: There are numbers that pass the test, and that are not prime. These numbers are called Carmichael numbers.

Fermat's little theorem states that if "p" is prime and formula_1, then 

If we want to test if "n" is prime, then we can pick random "a"'s in the interval and see if the equation above holds. If the equality does not hold for a value of "a", then "n" is composite (not prime). If the equality does hold for many values of "a", then we can say that "n" is probably prime, or a pseudoprime.

It may be in our tests that we do not pick any value for "a" such that the equality fails. Any "a" such that 

when "n" is composite is known as a "Fermat liar". If we do pick an "a" such that 

then "a" is known as a "Fermat witness" for the compositeness of "n".

"formula_5" is the modulo operation. Its result is what remains, if p is divided by n. As an example,

The RSA algorithm for public-key encryption can be done in such a way that it uses this test. This is useful in cryptography.

Hash function

The Hash function is a function. When a computer program is written, very often, large amounts of data need to be stored. These are normally stored as hash tables. In order to find the data again, some value is calculated. This is like when someone reads a book, and to remember, they put what they read into their own words. Hash values are much the same, except that care is taken that different sets of data do not get the same hash value (this is called a "hash collision").

A cryptographic hash function is a kind that is used in cryptography. Its hash value is a fixed-size, alphanumeric string, and may also be called a 'message digest', 'digital fingerprint', 'digest' or 'checksum'.


Trinity

In the Christian religion, the Trinity is the most known doctrine about the nature of God in most Christian churches. This idea is used to explain that three distinct divine "persons"—God the Father, God the Son Jesus Christ, and God the Holy Spirit—are of the same essence ("homoousion"), share the same qualities, and are therefore One God. 

Each person in the Trinity has the same qualities as God because they are each fully God; no other member is less God than the other. Because God is uncreated and has always existed, this also applies to them. 

Before the idea was made dogma at the First Council of Nicaea, there were also other ideas about the nature of God. These included:

The English word "Trinity" comes from Latin "Trinitas", meaning "the number three". This abstract noun is formed from the adjective "trinus" (three each, threefold, triple), the word "unitas" is the abstract noun formed from "unus" (one).

The corresponding word in Greek is "" ("Trias"), meaning "a set of three" or "the number three."

The first recorded use of this Greek word in Christian theology was by Theophilus of Antioch in about 170. He did not speak about the Trinity of God. He wrote: "In like manner also the three days which were before the luminaries, are types of the Trinity [], of God, and His Word, and His wisdom. And the fourth is the type of man, who needs light, that so there may be God, the Word, wisdom, man."
Tertullian, a Latin theologian who wrote in the early third century, was the first to use "Trinity" "person" and "substance" to explain that the Father, Son and Holy Spirit are "one in essence – not one in Person."

About a century later, in 325, the First Council of Nicaea established the doctrine of the Trinity as orthodoxy and adopted the Nicene Creed that described Christ as "God of God, Light of Light, very God of very God, begotten, not made, being of one substance ("homoousios") with the Father."

Many but not all Christians worship God in the form of the Trinity. In the Old Testament there are several places where there seems to be evidence for a Trinity. Each individual is distinct in their own right and can be seen in the same scene in several texts of the Bible. Genesis 1:26 states that God said "Let us make man in our image". Deuteronomy 6:4 states that “The Lord our God is one Lord”. The word that has been translated as "one" can also be translated as "united".

The Trinity is also implied in the New Testament, though that term is not used. Jesus never explained it fully in his teachings to people, but he made a number of claims to be God. The disciple John was one of Jesus' best friends on Earth, so he understood Jesus better than many other people. He starts his gospel by saying, "In the beginning was the Word. The Word was with God, and the Word was God." He calls Jesus "the Word" because Jesus was how God told people about himself. In John 8:58, Jesus said, "before Abraham was even born, I AM!" I AM is what God said his name was to Moses, meaning that he is always there, anywhere in time or space. In John 10:30 and 10:38, he tells people, "The Father and I are one." and "the Father is in me, and I am in the Father." Lastly, he forgave people for their sins, which only God can do. The teacher of the law recognized this and said.“Why does this fellow talk like that? He’s blaspheming! Who can forgive sins but God alone?” Mark 2:7

When Jesus came the early Christians had to make sense of the fact that God had come among them through the power of the Holy Spirit. Matthew wrote in his gospel: “Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit (Matthew 28:19). Several things in the gospel of John are often thought to point to a God who is more than just one being. The three persons of God are also mentioned in the second book of Corinthians.

In Hebrews 1:9, God the Father refers to the exalted Son as "God," saying, "Your throne, O God, will last for ever and ever; a scepter of justice will be the scepter of your kingdom." This proves that no one is more or less God than the other.

It was several hundred years after the life of Jesus before many Christians accepted the idea that God was a trinity. It was a difficult idea because the Hebrew scriptures talk about God being One. The Greeks and the Romans could only understand Christ as a person who was bringing God’s word. It was not until the 4th century that the doctrine of the Trinity was fully developed in more technical and theological terms. This was established by the Council of Nicaea in 325 where, in the debate with Arius over the nature, incarnation and pre-existence of Jesus, the Son of God was explained as being of one substance ("homoousios") with the Father. Christians had held to the tri-unity of God for centuries prior to this, and referred to Jesus as "God" and spoke in trinitarian language even before Nicaea codified the terminology (for example, see , the , the Letters of Ignatius etc.).

In the 5th century Saint Patrick brought Christianity to Ireland. There is an old Irish legend that says that Patrick used the shamrock to explain the idea of the Trinity. The shamrock has three small leaves. Patrick told the people that the three leaves represented God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit. He said that the whole plant represented God.

In Christian churches, the Sunday after Pentecost (the 50th day after Easter) is called the “Feast of the Holy Trinity." This feast probably started in the 10th century. In 1334 Pope John XXII made it official for the whole church. In the Anglican and Lutheran Churches the weeks that follow The Feast of the Trinity are dated according to how many weeks after Trinity they are (e.g. the 20th Sunday after Trinity). In the Roman liturgy these Sundays are dated “after Pentecoste” (e.g. the 21st Sunday after Pentecoste).

Islam teaches that God cannot be divided. Several verses of the Qur'an teach that the doctrine of the Trinity is blasphemous (against God). 

The concept of the Trinity in Meitei religion also exist as Mangang Luwang Khuman.


Mošovce

Mošovce is one of the biggest villages in the Turiec Region of Slovakia.

Mošovce has existed for 770 years. In this time people built many old and beautiful buildings. King Andrew II wrote about the village for the first time in 1233.
At first, "Mošovce" had two parts: The first one, "Machyuch", was in the area of today’s "Starý Rad" Street. The village took its today's name from the second part, "Terra Moys", which was in the place of the present day "Vidrmoch" Street. Because of the name of the second part, which means "The Land of Mojš", we believe that all the village was the property of a certain Mr. "Mojš". His name could be a short form of a longer Slavic name "Mojtech", similar to the names "Vojtech" or "Mojmír". In the history the name of the village changed from "Mossovych", "Mosocz", "Mossowecz", "villa regia Mayos alio nomine Mossovych", "oppidioum Mayus sue Mosocz", "Mosocz olim Mayus" to the present-day "Mošovce".
The name of a separate very old part of "Mošovce", "Chornukov", chaged to the modern form of "Čerňakov".

Mošovce was at first a royal village, and in about 1350 changed into a privileged town, which belonged to the royal castle of Blatnica. In 1527 the Révay family became its owners, and they took away the town privileges of "Mošovce" for almost 400 years.

In the past, Mošovce was an important craft center of the Turiec region. Crafts were very successful, and there were around 15 guilds in the town; the bootmaker and the most famous furrier guild existed for the longest time. The present-day Mošovce is an important tourist area with many interesting places.

One of the most interesting buildings is a small Rococo-Classical Palace with a big English park. People built the palace in about 1750-1800 . Other places in the town are: The birthplace of Ján Kollár, a Neo-gothic Catholic church with a valuable altar built on the place of an older church, a Lutheran church built in 1784, a Mausoleum, an Art-Nouveau greenhouse and a pavilion from 1800. In the Mausoleum there is now a Museum of Crafts.

The nature around Mošovce is really beautiful. A system of old roads with trees and small forests create a nice landscape. This landscape looks nice with the forests of the Veľká Fatra Mountains. This mountain range is one of the nicest ones in Slovakia. People from all parts of the world come visit the beautiful Limestone and dolomite rocks, and the beautiful nature in the Blatnická and Gaderská Valleys, which are not far away.

Many important people were born in Mošovce. The greatest ones are Frico Kafenda (1883-1963), composer; Anna Lacková-Zora (1899-1988), writer; Štefan Krčméry (1892-1955), literary critic, historian, and poet; Júr Tesák Mošovský, Baroque playwright; and Miloslav Schmidt, the founder of the amateur fire brigades in Slovakia.

Probably the most important person born in Mošovce is the great Slavic poet, philosopher, and Lutheran priest, Ján Kollár (1793-1852), who was very active in the literature of at least two nations. He wrote a book of poems called Slávy Dcera. His work was very important for the patriots and national activists, who lived at the same time as Kollár. People translated the book into many Slavic and non-Slavic languages.


South Ossetia

South Ossetia (, ), officially the Republic of South Ossetia – the State of Alania, or the Tskhinvali Region, is a "de facto", disputed territory recognised as part of Georgia in the Caucasus region.

South Ossetia was a Soviet oblast (region) with some self-rule and controlled big parts of the region. When it declared its independence in 1990, Georgia tried to take back the region by force and it led to the 1991-1992 South Ossetia War. Georgia tried to retake South Ossetia again in 2004 and in 2008. In 2008, Ossetia's fighters were backed by Russian troops and they gained full control of the region, but its separation from Georgia has only been recognized by three other countries (Russia, Nicaragua and Venezuela) and Abkhazia (a similar place), and it is de jure (officially) a part of the Georgian region (mkhare) of Shida Kartli.

Internationally regarded as a Russian occupied territory of Georgia, Georgia itself refuses to recognize rebel South Ossetia as an independent state; the government calls it by the medieval name of Samachablo or, more recently, Tskhinvali region (after the republic's capital).

South Ossetia is a geographical state that borders North Ossetia-Alania to the north which is not an independent entity due to it being part of Russia.

South Ossetia relies heavily on Russian aid.

Sometimes, South Ossetia, Transnistria, Nagorno-Karabakh, and Abkhazia are named collectively as post-Soviet "frozen conflict" zones.

South Ossetia is situated at central Caucasus, a border between Asia and Europe. It occupies a part of Greater Caucasus range and the foothills of Kartalin Valley. South Ossetia is a very mountainous region.


Soprano

A soprano is a female singer with a high voice. Young boys who sing, and also girls, are usually called trebles. The word “soprano” can also refer to the top line of choir music. This would be sung by sopranos or trebles. Soprano is also used as a name for high pitched instruments, such as a soprano saxophone.

In opera there are different kinds of soprano voices:

Alto

The word alto can mean: someone who sings lower than a soprano. Usually females with lower voices are called contraltos. A male alto is a man who sings in a special way called falsetto. In England male altos sing in church and cathedral choirs. In some countries like Germany it is tradition to have boy altos in cathedral choirs. These will probably be boys whose voices will soon be breaking and are starting to get lower.

One of the most famous contraltos was Kathleen Ferrier. There are not so many female singers who call themselves contraltos these days. It has become more fashionable to be a mezzo-soprano. It is partly because it has become fashionable to use men for the alto parts in music by Bach and other Baroque composers, like it would have been performed in those days.

Operatic roles which need a contralto include Lucretia in Britten's "Rape of Lucretia" and Erda in Wagner's "Der Ring des Nibelungen.

The word "alto" can also mean: the second line down in 4 part choir music. In old music the alto line was written in a special clef called the “alto clef”, which is the same as the “viola clef” (a C clef in which the middle line is middle C).


Tenor

A tenor is a man with a high singing voice. When writing four-part choir music the tenor line will be the third line down, between alto and bass. It is usually written in the treble clef, but will sound an octave lower than written. Sometimes, it is written in the "C-clef", which is also called a tenor clef.

In opera the role of the young male is usually sung by a tenor. Depending on characteristics such as: volume, color and style, the tenor voice is classified in following groups:


A “Heldentenor” (German for “hero tenor”) is someone with a big tenor voice. This is suitable for heroic parts like the heroes in most of Wagner's operas. Lauritz Melchior, Max Lorenz and Jonas Kaufmann are famous heroic tenors.

The Mozart tenor with characteristics including all of the previous mentioned must be able to perform within the strict borders which are laid out by the Mozart style. Anton Dermota, Fritz Wunderlich and Francisco Araiza are the three leading people as Mozart tenor.

In barbershop singing, the tenor part is a harmony part sung predominantly higher than the melody.

Bass (sound)

Bass is a low or deep tone (low end frequency) in music. Low or deep tones are also called "low-pitched" tones, because the pitch is low. It is usually made by a bass guitar or an acoustic bass (a double bass). It can also be a deep, rumbling electronic sound made by a synthesizer, a deep singing voice, a baritone sax, or a deep bass drum. Bass gives the well-rounded depth to music. Bass almost always is used with treble sounds made by instruments such as a guitar, piano, a high singing voice, trumpet, or harmonica.

Baritone

A baritone is a man with a voice range between that of a tenor (high male voice) and bass (low male voice), typically ranging from the second F below middle C to the F above middle C. It is the most common male voice type.

Famous baritone roles in opera include: Papageno in Mozart's "The Magic Flute" and Figaro in Rossini's "The Barber of Seville".

Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is often thought of as the greatest baritone of the later 20th century. He was famous as a Lieder singer as well as on the concert stage and in opera.

Some musical instruments are also called "baritone" because they create similar frequencies to a baritone singer.

Sappho

Sappho was an Ancient Greek lyrical poet. She was probably born around 630 BC on the island of Lesbos. In the ancient world, Sappho's poetry was highly thought of. Today, most of it has been lost. Sappho presumably wrote about 10,000 lines of poetry, but only around 650 lines survive today. Little is known for certain about Sappho's life.

Sappho's poetry centres on passion and love for both men and women. The narrators of her poems often speak of infatuations and love for various women. Descriptions of physical acts between women are few and open to debate. Whether these poems are meant to be autobiographical is not known, although elements of other parts of Sappho's life do make appearances in her work. It would be like her style to have these intimate encounters expressed poetically.

Little is known for certain about Sappho's life. What is known comes from three sources: Sappho's surviving poetry, other ancient writings about her, and evidence about archaic Greece in general. She was born on the Greek island of Lesbos around 630 BC, in either Eresos or Mytilene. Her parents' names are not known for certain, though her mother is often called Kleïs. Ancient tradition gave at least eight possible names for her father. One ancient story, which might be based on a now-lost poem by Sappho, says that her father died when Sappho was still a child. Sappho was said to have three brothers, called Charaxos, Larichos, and Eurygios. The "Brothers poem", discovered in 2014, talks about Charaxos and Larichos.

Sappho might have had a daughter called Kleïs (the same as her mother). Two of Sappho's poems talk about her. Not all historians agree that the Kleïs in Sappho's poems was Sappho's daughter. Some have suggested that she was Sappho's lover instead. But ancient sources call Kleïs Sappho's daughter, and some modern historians have argued that she must have been Sappho's daughter, not her lover. Sappho's husband, the father of Kleïs, was said to be a rich trader named Kerkylas of Andros. If Sappho was married, however, this was definitely not her husband's name: it is a joke from a comedy about Sappho's life.

Sappho is best known for writing lyric poetry, a type of poetry which was sung and accompanied by the music of a lyre. Most of her poetry focusses on the lives of women. Much of this was love poetry, but she also wrote hymns, wedding songs, and poetry about her family. Some ancient sources say that Sappho wrote epigrams, elegiacs, and iambics (three other types of poetry with different metres to lyric poetry) as well as lyric poetry. However, none of these survive, and probably Sappho did not write in these styles. Three epigrams attributed to Sappho survive, but they were written much later, probably in the Hellenistic period.

Ancient texts of Sappho's poems survive from as early as the third century BC, and as late as the seventh century AD. By the medieval period, Sappho's poetry had been lost, until in the sixteenth century newly printed editions of ancient authors such as Dionysius of Halicarnassus, who had quoted Sappho's "Ode to Aphrodite", began to be produced. Since the second half of the nineteenth century, archaeologists have discovered many fragments of ancient copies of Sappho's poetry, and the amount of her work known has almost doubled.

Sappho wrote eight or nine books of poetry, which was probably about 10,000 lines in total, but only one of Sappho's poems (commonly called the "Ode to Aphrodite") survives completely. She was famous for writing love poetry, and her poems are about personal emotions.


Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix

Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the fifth book in the "Harry Potter" series by J.K. Rowling. The book was released on 21 July 2003. It is about Harry’s fifth year at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Lord Voldemort has come back. Except for Albus Dumbledore, most people do not believe him. A movie based on the book was released in 2007.

Harry Potter, James and Lily Potter's only son, tries to make everyone else realise that Lord Voldemort has come back. Dumbledore, the Order, and Harry's friends are the only people that believe that he has returned. At the end of the book, Harry, Ron Weasley, Arthur and Molly Weasley's youngest son, Hermione Granger, and some of their friends go to the Ministry of Magic (the headquarters of the people who lead the magical world) because Harry thinks his godfather Sirius Black is in danger. It turns out it was a trick using mind magic, and his godfather, is murdered by Bellatrix Lestrange. They are attacked by some of their enemies. At the end, Voldemort comes, but Dumbledore saves Harry from him, and all the other wizards see Voldemort and know Harry is telling the truth. Harry is then returned to Hogwarts where Dumbledore tells him everything that he needs to know about the prophecy and why Voldemort tried to murder him when he was a child.


List of U.S. state songs

48 states of the United States (except Maryland and Virginia) have a state song, chosen by the state legislature as a symbol of the state. On July 1st 2021 Maryland My Maryland as state song was repealed. Some states have more than one official state song.

Pleiades

The Pleiades (also known as M45 or the Seven Sisters) are a group of stars in the night sky. You can see them in the constellation Taurus, the bull. Charles Messier gave it the name M45. They are named after the Pleiades in Greek mythology. The brightest star in the Pleiades is the giant star Alcyone.

This an open star cluster of middle-aged hot B-type stars in the constellation of Taurus. It is one of the nearest star clusters to Earth, and is the cluster most obvious to the naked eye in the night sky. The cluster is dominated by hot blue and extremely luminous stars that have formed within the last 100 million years. 

Nicomachus of Gerasa

Nicomachus (c. 60-c. 120, born in Gerasa, Roman Syria, now Jerash, Jordan). He was one of the most important mathematicians of the ancient world.

He was strongly influenced by Aristotle and is best known for his works "Introduction to Arithmetic" (Arithmetike eisagoge) and "The Manual of Harmonics" in Greek. He was a Pythagorean. In "Introduction to Arithmetic", Nicomachus writes extensively on number, especially on the significance of prime numbers and perfect numbers and argues that arithmetic is the starting point that makes it possible to do the other mathematical sciences: geometry, music, and astronomy.

Deimos (moon)

Deimos (or Mars II) is the smaller moon of Mars. Its name comes from the Greek word for terror. Its orbital period is 30.3 hours, which is 1.263 days.

Deimos is only 15 kilometers in diameter. It is covered with craters, as Earth's moon and other bodies without an atmosphere are.

Deimos was discovered by Asaph Hall at the United States Naval Observatory in Washington, D.C. on 12 August 1877.

It is named after the god Deimos in Greek mythology, who was one of Mars' sons, and means Panic.

Deimos is not spherical with triaxial dimensions of 15 × 12.2 × 11 km. Deimos is made up of rock rich in carbonaceous material. It is has lots of craters. Escape velocity from Deimos is 5.6 m/s. The apparent magnitude of Deimos is 12.45.

The Soviet Phobos program sent two probes to Phobos. In case "Phobos 1" succeeded, "Phobos 2" could have been sent to Deimos. Both probes launched successfully in July 1988.

In 1997 and 1998, the proposed "Aladdin" mission was selected. The plan was to visit both Phobos and Deimos, and launch projectiles at the satellites. The probe would collect the dust kicked into space as it made a slow flyby. These samples would be returned to Earth for study three years later.

Also, the sample-return mission called "Gulliver" to Deimos, in bringing 1 kilogram (2.2 pounds) of material from Deimos to Earth.

Another concept of sample-return mission from Phobos and Deimos is "OSIRIS-REx 2", which would use heritage from the first "OSIRIS-REx".

In March 2014, a mission was proposed to place an orbiter on Mars orbit by 2021 and study Phobos and Deimos. It is called "Phobos And Deimos & Mars Environment" (PADME).

Phobos (moon)

Phobos (or Mars I) is one of Mars' moons. The other is Deimos.

Phobos is the larger of the two moons, and is only 27 kilometers in diameter. This is about as far as a car can travel on the highway in 15 minutes. It is covered with craters, as Earth's moon is.

It is named after the god Phobos in Greek mythology. Its name means "fear".

Phobos is trapped in tidal drag, with its orbit lowering roughly 1.8 meters per century. In about 50 million years, Phobos will reach the Roche limit, where it is likely to be torn apart. Some fragments will fall on Mars and some will form a planetary ring or rings around Mars.

The other moon, Deimos, is the smaller of the two.

The Soviet Union sent at least two space craft to this moon, Phobos 1 and Phobos 2. Both failed or lost contact with Earth, but Phobos 2 managed to take some pictures of the moon in 1989 before dying.

There is one large crater on Phobos called Stickney. It is formula_1 the size of the moon itself.

Charon (moon)

Charon is a moon of the dwarf planet Pluto. It is half as wide as Pluto and is much like the dwarf planet itself. It was discovered many years after Pluto. They are sometimes considered a binary system, as Charon does not orbit Pluto, and Pluto does not orbit Charon. They orbit a barycentre in space.

The moon is named after Charon in Greek mythology, a boatman who would carry the souls of dead people across the river Acheron to the underworld.

Charon was found by astronomer James Christy on June 22, 1978, when he was looking at highly blown up picture of Pluto on a photographic plate that taken a couple of months before. Christy noticed that a slight bulge was able to be seen every now and then. This finding was made public on July 7, 1978. Later, the bulge was confirmed on plates dating back to April 29, 1965.

Later observations of Pluto were able to figure out that the bulge was due to a smaller body. The orbit of the bulge fit in with Pluto's rotation period, which was already known from Pluto's light curve. 

Any final doubts were erased when Pluto and Charon entered a five-year period of mutual eclipses between 1985 and 1990. This happens when the Pluto-Charon orbital plane is edge-on as seen from Earth, which only happens at twice in Pluto's 248-year orbital period. It was very lucky that one of these intervals happened to occur so soon after Charon's discovery.

Pictures showing Pluto and Charon as separate disks were taken for the first time by the Hubble Space Telescope in the 1990s. Later, after a new technology called adaptive optics was discovered, it was possible to see Pluto and Charon as separate disks using ground-based telescopes.


Charon (mythology)

In mythology, Charon was the ferryman of Hades. He was the son of Erebos and Nyx. 

Charon took the newly dead people across the river Acheron or Styx to the Greek underworld, if they paid him three obolus (a Greek silver coin). Because of this, people in Ancient Greece were always buried with a coin under their tongue and one on each eye to pay Charon. Those who could not pay him had to wander the banks of the Acheron until they found a pauper's entrance to Hades.

The largest moon of the planet Pluto is named Charon after this mythological person. 

Chaos (mythology)

Chaos was the nothingness at the beginning of the world, described in the creation myths of Classical mythology. It was the state the universe (or cosmos) was in before it was created. Because early Christians did not understand how to use the word "chaos" properly, the word's meaning changed to "disorder" or random and not normal. It is the opposite of order.

Chaos is often identified as a god, who filled the gap between Heaven and Earth. Born out of chaos were the first beings:

Eros

Eros is the god of love, lust, and sex in Greek mythology.

According to Hesiod's "Theogony", Eros came from the Chaos. Later it was said that he was the son of Ares and Aphrodite.

His lover is Psyche.

Eros has a bow and golden arrows with whom he can shoot at people so they will fall in love, but he has also leaden arrows which make people hate others.

There is a famous statue which many people think is to Eros, but is actually to Anteros in London in Piccadilly Circus.

From the name Eros we get the word erotic, meaning: to do with sexual love (passionate and physical). There is also a noun: eroticism.

Eros is the son of Aphrodite. 

Eros' main myth is: "the myth of Eros and Psyche" in which Eros and Psyche fall in love after psyche is put through tasks by Aphrodite.


Wheelwright

A wheelwright is someone who builds or repairs wheels. In the olden days there were lots of carts. The wheels were made of wood. It was a difficult job to make them, so the cartwright made the cart and the wheelwright did the specialized job of making the wheels. In ancient times some wheels were made of bone in order to look beautiful.

The word wheelwright is not often used for people who make wheels today. Wheels are made in factories and lots of people on the production line each have their bit to do.

Rotterdam

Rotterdam is the second-largest municipality in the Netherlands. There are about 653,000 people (2021) living in Rotterdam. It has the biggest port in Europe. The city is on several rivers, most notably the Maas. Rotterdam, like all of the Netherlands, has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

It hosts also a university: the Erasmus University Rotterdam.

On 18 March 2010, Rozenburg became a part of the municipality of Rotterdam.

Rotterdam is built mostly behind dikes because large parts of the Rotterdam are below sea level. The Prins Alexander Polder in the northeast of Rotterdam extends 6 metres (20 ft) below sea level. The lowest point in the Netherlands (6.76 metres (22.2 ft) below NAP) is just to the east of Rotterdam. This kind of engineering may be needed in many countries as sea level rises.

A dam was built in 1260 across the river Rotte where the Hoogstraat is now. The name "Rotterdam" comes from this dam. The settlement was a regular fishing village at first, but became a thriving trading port pretty soon. The city got city rights in 1340 and city walls in 1360. Rotterdam became an important city in Holland in the middle of the 15th century, when it won little wars against Delft and Gouda. From 1449 until 1525 a Gothic church ("Laurenskerk") was built. The city then hold about 10,000 people. The city revolted against Spanish occupation in 1573, becoming one of the main city's of the Eighty Years' War. The port of Rotterdam grew a lot in the late 16th century and early 17th century. In the end of the 17th century, the city hold almost 50,000 people. But the city had not built outside of the city walls. The city became very crowded.

The port of Rotterdam became bigger and bigger in the 19th century, when several new canals were dug. These were: "Nieuwe Waterweg" (lit: New Waterway), and "Voornse Kanaal". The city grew quickly due to the enormous amount of work in the port. The population grew from 160,000 people in 1880 to 315,000 in 1900. Various new districts were built, including "Cool", "Crooswerk", and "Nieuwe Westen". Neighbouring places also became part of Rotterdam. In 1920, the city held more than 500,000 people for the first time in its history

Nazi Germany attacked the Netherlands in May 1940. The Battle of the Netherlands brought heavy fighting in Rotterdam. In the Blitz of Rotterdam, the Germans bombarded Rotterdam on May 14, 1940. The damage was huge; 24,000 buildings were destroyed in only 15 minutes, and there was virtually nothing left of the old centre of Rotterdam. 800 people died instantly, and 80,000 were homeless. The bombardment also destroyed the Willemsbrigde, one of the two brigdes across the Maas at that time. The Germans repaired the bridge quickly, as it was of vital importance for the city. During the German occupation, the neighbouring places of Hillegersberg, Schiebroek, Overschie, Kralingseveer and Ijsselmonde are annexed (put by) by Rotterdam. On November 11th, 1944, a large razzia took place. About 50,000 men from 17 to 40 years old from Rotterdam were deported into working camps. The city also lost many people in the famine of 1944 ("hongerwinter" (lit: Winter of hunger)).

Rotterdam was quickly rebuilt after the war, but modernization led to the fact that many old buildings were not repaired, but replaced by totally new ones. This has led to the fact that the centre of Rotterdam is composed of new buildings, a thing not common in European cities. The ports of Rotterdam grew even more during the latter part of the 20th century. New areas, built right on the sea, are "Botlek", "Maasvlakte", and "Europoort". The Euromast (185 m high) became an icon of Rotterdam. The metro of Rotterdam opened in 1968, which was the first metro in the Netherlands. The 1990s saw more skyscrapers being built. The "Delftse Poort", which was ready in 1991, was the highest skyscraper in the Netherlands, with 151 m high, until the "Maastoren" became the highest building in 2009 with 165 m. The new Erasmusbridge, which was ready in 1996, gave Rotterdam a new symbol.

The city of Rotterdam is split up into 14 districts, each with a number of neighbourhoods. The districts are:



Throne

A throne is the official chair or seat upon which a monarch (royal ruler) is seated on state or ceremonial occasions. The word "throne" can also refer to the monarchy itself.


Altar

An altar is a place, often a table, where a religious event happens. Altars are used in Christianity and in other religions.

In some old religions, the event was a sacrifice, which means a holy work. Usually the priest would use this item. 


Don Bradman

Sir Donald George Bradman (27 August 1908 – 25 February 2001) was an Australian cricketer. Often called "The Don", he was a batsman. He is widely acknowledged as one of the greatest batsmen of all time. He scored 6,996 runs in his Test match career, at an average of 99.94 runs. If he had scored four runs in his last Test match, he would have scored an average of 100 runs. However, he scored no runs (a duck) in his last innings from just two balls. This is the highest average in Test cricket, the second-highest average being 61.87. Bradman's career Test batting average of 99.94 has been cited as the greatest achievement by any sportsman in any major sport. Bradman also gained a degree in mathematics from the University of Victoria achieving the highest mark in his year.

Bradman command over the game showed as a batsman, as a captain, as a selector, as a writer and as an administrator. Australian fast bowler Jeff Thomson said that bowling to Bradman was one of his "greatest moments". This happened in 1977–78 in Adelaide during India's tour to Australia. Thompson said: "Sir Don was batting in a suit, no pads, no gloves, just a bat. He must've been around 70 and hadn't batted [much] for almost 30 years and he was still so good. It was turf wicket, and I bowled within myself, but there were a couple of young blokes who were bowling at full speed and he was carting them all over the place. Along with meeting George Best, bowling to Bradman is the greatest moment of my life."

Before the first match of the tour, England had not told Australia what they were going to do, but when England named 5 fast bowlers (including Harold Larwood and Bill Voce). It was not usual to have so many fast bowlers in one team, so Bradman knew that England were about to try something new. The new way of bowling was first tried in a warm-up match which Bradman played in, and as expected Bradman struggled. Bradman did not fdbplay in the first Test Match of the tour, which led some people to think this was because his had suffered a nervous breakdown. England still tried their new way of bowling, and won the match but the Australian team were not happy.

Australian newspapers described this way of bowling as "bodyline", because the balls were often aimed fast at the body. They felt that this bowling was unfair and dangerous, as in 1930s batsman did not wear helmets. Despite this, the tour carried on and in the second Test Match Bradman returned. In the first Australian innings, Bradman was bowled first ball. Bradman guessed that the ball was going to be bounced high, so he moved to one side and swung the bat so he could score a boundary. The ball did not bounce as high as Bradman thought, and it hit the stumps. This was the first time he had been out on the first ball (called a duck) in his career at that point. The crowd were shocked, as they were used to seeing Bradman easily score hundreds. Bradman had a better second innings and scored 103 runs. With good bowling from Australian bowlers Bill O'Reilly and Bert Ironmonger, this score helped Australia win the second match. Australia were happy, as they thought that they had beaten what they felt was unfair bowling.

England won the last 3 test matches, still bowling "bodyline". Bradman changed the way he batted a lot to try to score runs. In bodyline, England put a lot of fielders on the leg side, so Bradman had the idea of moving backwards to hit the ball on the off side, where there were few fielders. This was not a normal way of playing but this helped him to get 56.57 runs on average per innings in the tour. Jack Fingleton (Australian batsman) thought that this tour changed Bradman's way of batting for the restc of his career.

Bradman was married to Jessie Martha Menzies for 65 years, until Jessie died in 1999. Bradman said on many occasions how important his wife was, once saying "I would never have achieved what I achieved without Jessie". Don and Jessie Bradman had 3 children, but family life was difficult. Their first child died young in 1936. Their second child (John, born in 1939) caught poliomyelitis, a serious virus disease. and their third child (Shirley, born 1941) had cerebral palsy since birth.

Bradman died of pneumonia on 25 February 2001, aged 92, in Kensington Park, South Australia.

Ian Botham

Sir Ian Terence Botham (born 24 November 1955) is an English retired cricketer. He also played football. He was an all-rounder, being good at both batting and bowling. He was also very good at catching the ball when he was fielding. He played over 100 test matches for England. He is a very popular man in England. One reason for this is that he helped England to beat Australia in a series of test matches called "The Ashes" in 1981. This series is sometimes called "Botham's Ashes". Now he works on television. He has done some long walks to raise money for charity. He was knighted in 2007. He also played James Brooke in the 1980s drama series "Howards' Way".

Daphne (mythology)

Daphne (, meaning "laurel") was a dryad in Greek mythology, daughter of the river god Peneus.

According to Greek mythology, the god Apollo insulted Eros, otherwise known as Cupid, the god of love. Becoming angry, Eros shot a golden arrow at Apollo, causing him to fall in love with the nymph Daphne the virgin. Eros then shot Daphne with a leaden arrow so she could never love Apollo back. So Apollo followed her while she ran away, until she came to the river of her father, Peneus. Apollo became jealous and puts it into the girl's mind to stop to bathe in the river Ladon; there, as all strip naked, the ruse is revealed, as in the myth of Callisto. There she wanted help from her father who turned her into a laurel tree so she would be safe from Apollo. Apollo then became sad. Some versions say that when Daphne saw Apollo sad, taking pity she made him a laurel wreath (a circle made of laurel that is worn like a crown) from her leaves. Other accounts state that Apollo made the laurel himself, taking from the tree. The laurel tree became sacred of Apollo and is used by emperors within the culture. After the crown was used for all the winners at his games and great heroes in the years to come would be crowned with laurel leaves. He also vowed that she, like him, would have eternal youth where her leaves would never turn brown or fall but would always stay lush and green. Some even say that he created this laurel wreath to remind him of the prize he can never win still Apollo loved that laurel with all his heart. 

See Ovid. "Metamorphoses". Book I: 452-567.

Massively multiplayer online role-playing game

A massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) is a massively multiplayer online game (MMOG) that is a role-playing game (RPG). It is an RPG which is played online (on the internet) by a very large number of people at the same time.



Middle English

Middle English is an older type of the English language that was spoken after the Norman invasion in 1066 until the middle/late 1400s. It came from Old English after William the Conqueror came to England with his French nobles and stopped English from being taught in schools for a few hundred years. Over this time, English borrowed several French words.

In the 1470s, the "Chancery Standard," a type of English spoken in London, started to become more common. This was partly because William Caxton brought the printing press to England in the 1470s. The type of English that people spoke in England between then and 1650 is called Early Modern English. There were many different dialects of Middle English.

Geoffrey Chaucer wrote The Canterbury Tales in Middle English.



Patroclus

Patroclus (Ancient Greek: Πάτροκλος, Pátroklos - "glory of the father") was a central figure in Homer's "Iliad". He was the son of Menoetius, and is most famous as being the lover of Achilles.

During the Trojan War, Achilles refuses to fight after a quarrel with Agamemnon, leader of the Greek forces, over a woman, Briseis. Patroclus, with Achilles' permission, then dons Achilles' armor and leads the Myrmidons into battle. The Greeks, thinking him to be Achilles, are roused into a frenzy as they begin to beat the Trojans back. He managed to kill Sarpedon when he charged into battle. However, the ruse is discovered as Patroclus is soon killed by the Trojan prince Hector. The death of Patroclus is a key event in the "Iliad", as it serves as the catalyst of Achilles' legendary rage.


James VI and I

James VI and I (19 June 1566 – 27 March 1625) was King of Scotland as James VI, and King of England and King of Ireland as James I. He was the first monarch to be called the king of Great Britain. He ruled in Scotland as James VI from 24 July 1567 until his death and he ruled in England and Scotland from 24 March 1603 until his death. He became king of Scotland as a baby when his mother, Mary Queen of Scots, had to abdicate. 

His reign was important because it was the first time England and Scotland had the same monarch. He was the first monarch of England from the House of Stuart. The previous English monarch had been Elizabeth I. She had died without any children, so the English agreed to have a Scottish monarch because James was the son of Mary, Queen of Scots, thus the closest relative Elizabeth had. By being king of both, he created a personal union, the Union of the Crowns.

James fought often with the Parliament of England. In addition, he did not use the kingdom’s money well. While James was ruling, the Scottish and English governments were quite stable. After James died, his son Charles tried to rule in the same way as James, but caused the English Civil War. At the end of the war in 1649, Charles was executed.

James was very well educated and good at learning. He helped people in England and in Scotland to study things such as science, literature, and art. James wrote "Daemonologie" in 1597, "The True Law of Free Monarchies" in 1598, "Basilikon Doron" in 1599, and "A Counterblaste to Tobacco" in 1604. He sponsored the Authorized King James Version of the Bible.

James was a target of the Gunpowder Plot. A group of Catholics planned to blow up the Houses of Parliament on 5 November 1605 during a ceremony while James was in the building. The plot was stopped when a member of the group, Guy Fawkes, was found in a basement with barrels of gunpowder. The event is remembered every year on 5 November, also known as Bonfire Night, where many people decide to celebrate and light bonfires and fireworks.

James believed in witchcraft. When he read "The Discoverie of Witchcraft", he ordered all copies of the book to be burnt. The king had an importance with the first English settlers.

The first permanent English established settlement in North America was made under the charter granted by James to Sir Thomas Gates and other in 1606. In march 27th, 1625, James suffered a stroke while hunting at his favorite lodge, he died in his bed a few hours later.

Hesiod

Hesiod ("Hesiodos", ) was an Ancient Greek poet. He is probably the second Greek poet whose work has survived; like Homer, his dates are not known for certain. As with Homer, there are numerous legends, none of which are supported by hard evidence. He may have lived around 700 BC in Askra in Boeotia, as a farmer. Today his writings are one of the main sources for Greek mythology, and everyday life in Ancient Greece, such as farming techniques, astronomy and ancient time-keeping. The complete surviving works were published in 1493, and by Aldus Manutius in 1495.



Fu Xiancai

Fu Xiancai is a Chinese farmer and civil rights activist. He started to be political in 1994, after his village was in danger, because the Three Gorges Dam was built. In 1997 he had to leave his home, after it was flooded by the water of the dam. Since that time he tries to get together with other people fair damages from the People's Republic of China. On 19 May 2006 he had an interview with the German television station ARD. After this one he was arrested by police and hit so he cannot move since that time and is crippled. He did not get any medical help, because he cannot pay it. The German government protested against this situation. In June 2006, the German embassy paid for the life-saving medical treatment. The Chinese government said they did not hit him, so he must have hit himself.


Phoebus

Phoebus (means "shining-one") was originally a name of the Greek god Helios. But later, it also became a name of Apollo, because in later times, both gods were merged (became one).

Overture

An overture is a piece of music for the orchestra to play at the beginning of an opera or ballet. The word comes from the French word for "opening" because it "opens" the show.

Overtures usually have tunes which are going to be heard during the opera or ballet. In this way it prepares the audience for what is to come.

Many overtures in the 18th century were simply background music to get the audience's attention (people used to chatter during performances). Some composers like Gioacchino Rossini (1792-1868) used the same overture again and again for his next operas, or just changed bits of it.

Composers like Christoph Willibald Gluck and later Richard Wagner (1813-1883) were very careful to make the overture a dramatic beginning which prepared the audience for the story. Wagner often called his overtures "Vorspiel" (Prelude).

Not all composers wrote overtures to their operas. Giuseppe Verdi (1813-1901) and Giacomo Puccini (1858-1924) often go straight into the first act or they just have a very short prelude.

In the 19th century many Romantic composers wrote concert overtures. These pieces did not belong to any opera or ballet, they were just written to be heard at concerts. They often had a descriptive title because they told some sort of story, e.g. Felix Mendelssohn (1809-1847) wrote an overture "Fingal's Cave" which describes the sea coming into the cave in the Inner Hebrides islands. Sometimes these descriptive pieces were much longer than an overture (which is usually just a few minutes), so they were called tone poems.

Overtures are usually played in sonata form.


Luthier

A luthier is a person who repairs guitars, violins, violas, cellos, double basses, and other wooden stringed instruments. These instruments need regular adjustments and minor repairs, especially straightening the bridge. As well, sometimes instruments are damaged in accidents, and a luthier has to use wood glue, broken pieces, and clamps to repair the instrument. Luthiers also have the ability to create wooden stringed instruments, mostly classic string family instruments.

The French word lutherie is referred to the art to build wooden instruments. The word luthier comes from the French word luth, luth comes from the Arabian word al-`ūd (العود), this last word means lute, although its generic meaning is the wood. The German word for luthier is luther, that word has became also in a name (Martin Luther King) and in a last name (Martin Luther)

Moss, Norway

Moss is a coastal town in the Norwegian county of Østfold. It served an important role in the declaration of independence from the union with Sweden. The city used to have a lot of heavy industries, like shipyards and paper mills. Today it has mostly service sector businesses (shops, banks etc.)

The city is also the centre of Moss Municipality which is 63 km² (square kilometers) large and has 28,000 people as of 2006.


Dorset

Dorset is a county in south England which is by the sea. The biggest towns in it are Bournemouth and Poole. There are other smaller towns, some by the sea, like Weymouth, Swanage, West Bay, the Isle of Portland, Dorchester, Wareham, Lyme Regis, Blandford and Wool.
Dorset is next to Devon, Somerset, Wiltshire and Hampshire.
There is a lot of countryside in Dorset, so there are quite a few farmers. Other people work in offices, shops or the holiday business. There are not many factories or industry in Dorset.
People come on holiday to Dorset because the countryside and sea is peaceful and pretty, and there are not many big towns and no cities at all. Bournemouth, Poole, Weymouth, Swanage and Lyme Regis are quite famous seaside towns, where most holidaymakers go when they come to Dorset.
The Dorset coast is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Jurassic Coast. This includes famous fossil sites where Mary Anning collected, and famous landforms such as Chesil Beach.

Poole

Poole is a town in Dorset, England. It is the second biggest town in Dorset after Bournemouth. In 2001, 138,299 people lived there. Lots of tourists visit Poole because of its nice beaches and sunny weather. It has a very big natural harbour. Lots of people in Poole work for Barclays Bank, Hamworthy Engineering, Poole Packaging, Sunseeker, RNLI and Ryvita.

Poole's harbour is the second biggest natural harbour in the world after Sydney in Australia but the water in Poole is very shallow which means that very big ships cannot go into Poole Harbour. It was used in World War II for some ships to set off for France on D-Day. The harbour entrance is also the home to many millionaires being in the top 5 most expensive places to live in the world. 

People have lived in Poole for 2,000 years. There were lots of Celtic people there. Archaeologists found a boat in the harbor which they think was made in 295 BC. When the Romans invaded Britain in the 1st century, they landed in Poole. In the Norman Conquest in 1066, Poole was used mostly for fishing but then became a port for trading things like wool. In the 18th century, Poole was one of the biggest ports in England.

The harbor stopped being so useful because big boats could not get in, so they went to places like Liverpool, Southampton and Plymouth. Even though the harbor can not be used that well, due to the shallowness of the sea, it is very beautiful and peaceful for people.

Gorilla

Gorilla is a genus of African apes commonly known as gorillas. They are divided into two species, the western gorilla ("Gorilla gorilla") and the eastern gorilla ("Gorilla beringei").

Gorillas may be aggressive when attacked or provoked, but they are naturally gentle. They are generally herbivores, which means that they eat plants. But they also eat insects.

A gorilla's lifespan in the wild is between 35 and 40 years, although zoo gorillas may live for 50 years or more because they have more food and health care.

Gorillas are large apes. Fully grown males are can be very strong. An adult male gorilla can weigh up to 225 kilograms and stand 1.8 meters in height. Gorillas live in family groups called troops. They have a broad chest, wide shoulders, short legs, and long strong arms. They have black skin and hair. Adult male gorillas' hair becomes silver/grey on their backs as they become older. Because of that, older males are called "silverbacks". There is a much bigger difference in sizes between the sexes than is the case with humans.

Gorillas live in the rainforests in central Africa. They mostly live on the ground, but they can also climb. When on the ground, they walk on their feet and finger knuckles. Troops of gorillas wander slowly through the forests of Central Africa. For about half of their day they search for leaves, vines, and bamboo shoots to eat. Sometimes they also eat ants or termites. For the rest of the day, they lay in the sun and play with their children. If another gorilla threatens them, the troop's leader, the silverback, protects them by rearing up and beating his chest. Although mostly vegetarian, they have long canine teeth or fangs that the adult males sometimes use to fight each other for the troop leadership.

Gorillas sleep in nests that they build on the ground. At the end of each day, each adult gorilla spends a few minutes putting together a soft, flat bed made of leaves, branches, and moss. The young gorillas sleep with their mothers.

The gestation period (when a baby grows inside the mother) of a gorilla lasts between eight and ten months. Gorillas almost always produce one offspring - twins are rare. Gorilla babies begin to hang onto their mothers when they are only a few hours old and will continue to do so for the next three years. Gorillas live up to 50 years in the wild and up to 54 years in captivity.


Matt Bellamy

Matthew James Bellamy (born 9 June 1978) is an English singer. He is the lead singer of the band Muse. He also plays the electric guitar and the piano. He writes most of the songs. Bellamy is known for his falsetto and the way he plays the guitar, which is very creative. Bellamy sings with a tenor voice when he is not singing in falsetto.

Matthew Bellamy was born on 9 June 1978 in Cambridge. He is the son of George Bellamy and Marilyn Bellamy and he has an older brother named Paul. His parents moved with him to Teignmouth in Devon in the mid-1980s.

George Bellamy was also a guitarist and was in a band called "The Tornados", who had a number-one hit in the United States with the song "Telstar". The talent of his father was part of what inspired Matthew to play guitar, sing and form a band. The Muse song "Knights of Cydonia" is sometimes called a tribute to "Telstar", since it has a similar space rock sound and futuristic video featuring cowboys like a spaghetti western. Marylin Bellamy was born in Belfast and went to live in England in the 1970s, meeting George for the first time on the day she did so.

When he was 6 years old, Matthew Bellamy began playing piano, and showed signs of having natural skill with the instrument. Bellamy's parents divorced before he reached fourteen years of age. He moved in with his grandmother, and around this time he considered playing guitar. His talent for quickly learning how to play instruments had made some people call him a virtuoso, which is someone musically talented in a unique way.

Matthew was heavily featured in the TV series "History of the Guitar" where his creativity with the instrument was demonstrated to the full. His father George was introduced on the programme as Matthew's father and was featured performing the hit instrumental "Telstar" with "The Tornados."

Bellamy is fascinated with conspiracy theories. A lot of songs of Muse are about conspiracies. He is also interested in the space and conspiracy theories about extraterrestrial life or "aliens". 

Matthew shows agnostic views, stating in a 2006 interview with the Rock Music channel that "I believe in the God of the universe, definitely" but does not believe in heaven or hell. It is also possible that Bellamy explores otherworldly theories, such as the origin of mankind from another universe, as reflected in the band's rock symphony, "Exogenesis".

Chris Wolstenholme

Christopher Tony Wolstenholme (born 2 December 1978 in Rotherham, Yorkshire, England) is an English musician. He sings and plays a bass guitar in the band Muse. He also sometimes plays guitar or keyboard instead of bass.

Chris grew up in Rotherham before moving to Teignmouth where he had lived up until April 2010. While attending school there, he played for various different bands until he joined Muse when Matthew Bellamy and Dominic Howard invited him to their band. Today he is an acclaimed bass-player, receiving praise from many musicians.

Wolstenhome has six children with his wife Kelly: Alfie (born 1999), Ava-Jo (born 2001), Frankie (born 2003), Ernie (born 2008), Buster (born 2010) and Teddi, born 2012. 
He got married in 2018 to his Wife caris ball. On the 3rd of March, caris gave birth to their Daughter named Mabel aurora Wolstenholme 

In April 2010, he moved with his family to Dublin, Ireland.

Dominic Howard

Dominic James Howard (born 7 December 1977) is an English musician. He plays the drums for the band Muse. Howard was born in Stockport, England. He is left-handed. 

Penlight

A penlight is a small flashlight in the shape of a pen. A penlight usually uses a small light known as an "LED" (Light Emitting Diode) but it can also use a small lightbulb made just for small flashlights.

The LED lights up when power is run through it. Making the penlight light up is as simple as pressing a button, or screwing the end on tighter so it makes contact with the batteries.

Most of the time, penlights use two or three AA, AAA, or AAAA batteries. AAAA are a newer, thinner type of battery, most commonly found in small electronics. It started with the AA size batteries.

Penlights can be made out of plastic or metal, and can be any color. They most often have a little clip, to hold it on your shirt or something.

Rama

Ram is known as the son of Lord Surya and Seventh Avatar of Vishnu in Hinduism. However, in Valmiki Ramayana, he was the son of Lord Sun (also surya). When king Dashrath conducted the sacrifice, lord sun presented his portion Rama. Rama's character purely resembles Karna(the chief protagonist of the Mahabharata). Both were the protagonists of the two greatest epics. Both were the eldest brother but however Yudhisthira and Bharat were crowned the king. Both had to be deceived by their mother-Kunti and Kaikeyi. Both were the most handsome good-looking person of their respective eras. Both learnt weaponry through the greatest teacher of all time- Parshurama and Vishwamitra. Despite being a part of royal family, they had to suffer their entire life. Both possessed not more than 1 wife. Both possessed the bow of Shiva. Parshurama too had a place in the epic of Mahabharata and Ramayana because of the protagonist of the epics- Lord Rama and Karna.
Indra and Sumitra gave birth to Shatrughana and Lakshmana. Lakshmana and Shatrughana were twins. Kaikeyi and Lord Yama gave birth to Bharat. Lord Rama was born through Lord Surya.

According to Puranas, Rama, Karna and Shani are three portions of Surya. They are regarded as greatest of all men.

Rama is said to have been born to Kaushalya and Dasharatha in Ayodhya, the ruler of the Kingdom of Kosala. His siblings included Lakshmana, Bharata, and Shatrughna. He married Sita. Though born in a royal family, their life is described in the Hindu texts as one challenged by unexpected changes such as an exile into impoverished and difficult circumstances, ethical questions and moral dilemmas. Of all their travails, the most notable is the kidnapping of Sita by demon-king Ravana, followed by the determined and epic efforts of Rama and Lakshmana to gain her freedom and destroy the evil Ravana against great odds. The entire life story of Rama, Sita and their companions allegorically discusses duties, rights and social responsibilities of an individual. It illustrates dharma and dharmic living through model characters.

Rama is especially important to Vaishnavism. He is the central figure of the ancient Hindu epic "Ramayana", a text historically popular in the South Asian and Southeast Asian cultures. His ancient legends have attracted bhasya (commentaries) and extensive secondary literature and inspired performance arts. Two such texts, for example, are the "Adhyatma Ramayana" – a spiritual and theological treatise considered foundational by Ramanandi monasteries, and the "Ramcharitmanas" – a popular treatise that inspires thousands of Ramlila festival performances during autumn every year in India.

Rama legends are also found in the texts of Jainism and Buddhism, though he is sometimes called Pauma or Padma in these texts, and their details vary significantly from the Hindu versions. Jain Texts also mentioned Rama as the eighth balabhadra among the 63 salakapurusas. In Sikhism, Rama is mentioned as one of twenty four divine incarnations of Vishnu in the Chaubis Avtar in "Dasam Granth."

Several temples use the name of Rama. Ram Temple is located in Ayodhya, India.

"Rāma" is a Vedic Sanskrit word with two contextual meanings. In one context as found in "Atharva Veda", as stated by Monier Monier-Williams, means "dark, dark-colored, black" and is related to the term "ratri" which means night. In another context as found in other Vedic texts, the word means "pleasing, delightful, charming, beautiful, lovely". The word is sometimes used as a suffix in different Indian languages and religions, such as Pali in Buddhist texts, where "-rama" adds the sense of "pleasing to the mind, lovely" to the composite word.

"Rama" as a first name appears in the Vedic literature, associated with two patronymic names – Margaveya and Aupatasvini – representing different individuals. A third individual named "Rama Jamadagnya" is the purported author of hymn 10.110 of the "Rigveda" in the Hindu tradition. The word "Rama" appears in ancient literature in reverential terms for three individuals:


The name Rama appears repeatedly in Hindu texts, for many different scholars and kings in mythical stories. The word also appears in ancient Upanishads and Aranyakas layer of Vedic literature, as well as music and other post-Vedic literature, but in qualifying context of something or someone who is "charming, beautiful, lovely" or "darkness, night".

The Vishnu avatar named Rama is also known by other names. He is called "Ramachandra" (beautiful, lovely moon), or "Dasarathi" (son of Dasaratha), or "Raghava" (descendant of Raghu, solar dynasty in Hindu cosmology). He is also known as Ram Lalla "(Infant form of Rama)".

Additional names of Rama include "Ramavijaya" (Javanese), "Phreah Ream" (Khmer), "Phra Ram" (Lao and Thai), "Megat Seri Rama" (Malay), "Raja Bantugan" (Maranao), "Ramudu" (Telugu), "Ramar" (Tamil). In the "Vishnu sahasranama", Rama is the 394th name of Vishnu. In some Advaita Vedanta inspired texts, Rama connotes the metaphysical concept of Supreme Brahman who is the eternally blissful spiritual Self (Atman, soul) in whom yogis delight nondualistically.

The root of the word "Rama" is "ram-" which means "stop, stand still, rest, rejoice, be pleased".

According to Douglas Q. Adams, the Sanskrit word "Rama" is also found in other Indo-European languages such as Tocharian "ram", "reme", "*romo-" where it means "support, make still", "witness, make evident". The sense of "dark, black, soot" also appears in other Indo European languages, such as "*remos" or Old English "romig".

The Ram Mandir (lit. 'Rama Temple') is a Hindu temple in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh, India. Many Hindus believe that it is located at the site of , the mythical birthplace of Rama, a principal deity of Hinduism.

This summary is a traditional legendary account, based on literary details from the "Ramayana" and other historic mythology-containing texts of Buddhism and Jainism. According to Sheldon Pollock, the figure of Rama incorporates more ancient "morphemes of Indian myths", such as the mythical legends of "Bali" and "Namuci". The ancient sage Valmiki used these morphemes in his "Ramayana" similes as in sections 3.27, 3.59, 3.73, 5.19 and 29.28.



Bournemouth

Bournemouth is a town in Dorset, in the country of England. It is the biggest town in Dorset. It is next to Poole and Christchurch.

Christchurch, Dorset

Christchurch is a town in Dorset, England. It is next to Bournemouth.

Christchurch is twinned with:

Symphony

A symphony is a piece of music written for an orchestra to play. It may be quite a long piece. Usually it is divided into parts, usually 3 or 4 parts, which are called movements. 

The first movement of a symphony can be a fast movement, often in sonata form. The second movement can be a slow movement. The third movement can be a minuet or scherzo and a trio. The fourth movement may be called “Finale”; it can be in Rondo form or sonata form or a combination of these. There are lots of different ways of writing a symphony, but this is the pattern that was used by Joseph Haydn who is known as the “Father of the Symphony”, and many composers since have used his pattern of movements for their symphonies.

The word “symphony” comes from the Greek words “sym” (together) and “phone” (sound).

“Symphonic” means “like a symphony”. It is often used to describe music which is quite long and develops tunes over a long period.

A large orchestra is often called a “symphony orchestra”. This is to distinguish it from a small orchestra called a “chamber orchestra”.

Some of the most famous composers of symphonies are Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Ludwig van Beethoven, Franz Schubert, Felix Mendelssohn, Robert Schumann, Anton Bruckner, Johannes Brahms, Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Gustav Mahler, Jean Sibelius and Dmitri Shostakovich.


Upper Franconia Government Region

Upper Franconia (, ; Main-Franconian: ) is a "regierungsbezirk" (administrative region) of the German state Bavaria. It has an area of 7,230 km² and about 1,200,000 people. It borders the German states of Sachsen and Thuringia, and also the Czech Republic. Bayreuth is its capital.




Weimar Republic

The Weimar Republic is the name now used for the republic which governed Germany from 1918 to 1933.

Officially it was the German Reich (): ( ). 

It was also unofficially referred to as the German Republic ().

After the German Empire was defeated in World War I, Germany became a republic, but it was still called "Deutsches Reich" (German Empire). 

Today it is called the "Weimar Republic" and this period is called the "Weimar period", because the constitution was made in the city of Weimar.

On November 9, 1918, the Republic was proclaimed by Philipp Scheidemann at the "Reichstag" building in Berlin and two hours later a socialist republic was proclaimed around the corner at the Berlin Castle by Karl Liebknecht.

The Emperor, or "Kaiser," Wilhelm II, went into exile in the Netherlands. The new Republic was declared even before end of World War I on 11 November 1918.The fighting in World War I stopped on 11 November 1918 when the Armistice of Compiegne was signed.

The Weimar Republic had a lot of problems. The Treaty of Versailles made things very difficult for the economy. Inflation got completely out of hand. There were political problems because governments ruled only for a short time, not long enough to be able to make important decisions. There were a lot of radical right and left extremists, for example monarchists (people who wanted back the monarchy) and communists, who believed that all things, especially property, land and money, should be shared. Political parties had their own militias to fight each other.

One of the paramilitary organizations that arose after World War I was the meaning "Steel Helmet, League of Front Soldiers". They operated as the armed branch of the national conservative German National People's Party (DNVP). they were placed at party gatherings in the position of armed security guards ("Saalschutz"). In 1935 they became part of the Nazi Party.

The Weimar period is also known for its culture. Artists tried out modern ideas and used new things like film. The Bauhaus began in the 1920s.

The Weimar Republic came to an end on 23 March 1933, when Chancellor Adolf Hitler installed the Enabling Act, which established the Third Reich.


Lemma (mathematics)

In mathematics, a lemma is a "mini-proof"; a small hypothesis which is proved and then provides a part of a more important theorem.

A good small thing can lead to many big things. Some powerful results in mathematics are known as lemmas, such as Bézout's lemma, Dehn's lemma, Euclid's lemma, Farkas' lemma, Fatou's lemma, Gauss's lemma, Greendlinger's lemma, Itō's lemma, Jordan's lemma, Nakayama's lemma, Poincaré's lemma, Riesz's lemma, Schur's lemma, Schwarz's lemma, Urysohn's lemma, Yoneda's lemma and Zorn's lemma. While these results originally seemed too simple to get independent interest, they have turned out to be important to the theories in which they occur.

Avatar

Avatar, a word in Hinduism, is a deity which comes down to earth in a human form, an animal form or a partly human and partly animal form. Rama was an avatar of Vishnu, one of the three main gods of the Hindus. Similarly, Buddha was also an avatar. Both of these avatars had human form, but avatars of the Hindu mythology have also appeared in animal form. For example, Matsya had the form of a fish and Varaha had the form of a boar.

The word is usually translated into English as "incarnation", but better as "appearance" or "manifestation". This is the sense in which the word 'avatar' is used in various media today.

According to Hindu mythology, the important avatars of god Vishnu are named below:


Several Hindu scriptures have details and stories about Vishnu's avatars. These texts also tell that Vishnu will appear again the Kalki avatar. The following stories are of the avatars that appeared in animal forms or partly animal and partly human forms.

Matsya is the first avatar of Vishnu, in the form of a big fish. Sometimes, it is said that he took the form of a half-man and half-fish. There is a story about this in Hindu mythology. The story tells about a very wicked demon (an "asura") who snatched the Vedas, the holy books of the Hindus, and went deep inside the sea. At this point, Vishnu came as the Matsya (fish) avatar, who went deep into the sea and brought back the Vedas. He gave the Vedas to Manu. The Hindu scriptures say that Manu was the first man in the world. He may also be compared with Noah.

Kurma is the second avatar of Vishnu, in the form of a tortoise. Kurma is a word in the Sanskrit language that means a tortoise. This avatar of Vishnu is a symbol of strength and stability.

Varaha was the third avatar of Vishnu, in the form of a black boar. Varaha is a word in the Sanskrit language that means a boar. The Hindu scriptures tell a story about this avatar. There was a demon (a "daitya") named Hiranyaksha. He threw the earth (called prithivi by the Hindus) into the waters of the ocean. The earth was about to sink in the ocean. At this point, Vishnu took the form of a black boar, entered the water and carried the earth on its body. Thus Vishnu, as Varaha, saved the earth from destruction.

Narashimha was the fourth avatar of Vishnu, in the form of a man with the head of a lion. This avatar of Vishnu is also a symbol of great strength.

All other avatars of Vishnu after Narashimha avatar were in the form of human beings.

Although the avatars of Vishnu are the most important in the Hindu mythology, there are stories about avatars of other deities, like Shiva, Ganesha and Devi.

Avatar is next birth of God in Hinduism.


Avatar (disambiguation)

Avatar can mean:

Constantine the Great

Constantine I (27 February 272 – 22 May 337 AD) was a Roman emperor from 306 until he died. He was emperor for longer than any other emperor since Augustus, the first emperor. He was the first ruler of the Roman Empire to be a Christian. He made the old city Byzantium into a new, larger city: Constantinople (now Istanbul, Turkey). The city's name means "City of Constantine" in Greek. He was the son of the emperor Constantius I, and members of their Constantinian dynasty controlled the empire until 364.

Six years after Constantine said that he was emperor, he was fighting for control of Rome with Maxentius at the Battle of Milvian Bridge, a bridge over the Tiber River. When he saw a cross in the sky with the words , he changed his deity from Apollo to Jesus and won the battle or war.

Constantine (; ) was born in Naissus (Niš, Serbia). He was born on 27 February. The "Calendar of Philocalus" and the works of the Latin writer Polemius Silvius both say Constantine was born in 272 or 273. The Latin historian Eutropius wrote the same information. However, the Greek historian and bishop Eusebius of Caesarea wrote that Constantine was born around the year 285.

Constantine's father was Constantius, who later became Roman emperor. Constantine's mother was Helena. She was not from the nobility. The Greek historian Procopius wrote that Helena had come from Drepanon, a city in Bithynia. The Latin theologian Ambrose wrote that Helena was a . Helena and Constantius may not have married, and Helena may have been Constantius's concubine.

Constantine was a military tribune in the Roman army by 293, the year his father became "caesar" (a junior Roman emperor) on 23 March.

Constantius and the other "caesar" Galerius each became "augustus" (a more senior Roman emperor) on 1 May 305. On that day, the emperors Diocletian and Maximian retired. Maximinus Daza and Valerius Severus each became "caesar".

The "Consularia Constantinopolitana" says that Constantius I died on 25 July 306 in Eboracum (York, England). There, on the same day, the army of Constantius made Constantine "augustus". (Later, around August 306, the "augustus" Galerius agreed that Constantine was "caesar", but not that he was "augustus".) Roman Egypt accepted Constantine was an emperor.

In autumn 306 or early the next year, Constantine made a military campaign against the Franks. Constantine said that he was Roman consul for the first time in 307. However, the Roman provinces that other emperors controlled did not accept that Constantine was consul. Constantine may have been in Roman Britain again in 307.

Maximian and Constantine may have met at Augusta Treverorum (Trier, Germany) in 307, possibly in late summer. Maximian made Constantine "augustus". Constantine married Maximian's daughter Fausta. (This could have been in late summer, September, or as late as 25 December. Historians are not in agreement about the date.) At the start of his reign, only the lands that Constantine controlled accepted Constantine as "augustus". Then, the lands that Maximian's son Maxentius controlled also accepted that Constantine was an "augustus".

In 308 Constantine fought a war against the Bructeri. In November 308, the emperors Diocletian, Maximian, and Galerius met at Carnutum (Petronell-Carnuntum, Austria) and agreed that Constantine was a "caesar". Constantine himself continued to say that he was an "augustus". The Latin writer Lactantius wrote that in 309, Constantine got the title in . The Roman provinces that Galerius controlled said that Constantine was Roman consul for the first time in 309, but the provinces Constantine and Maxentius controlled did not accept this.

In 310, probably on the 1 May, Galerius made Maximinus Daza "augustus". From this time, the whole empire started to agree that Constantine was an "augustus" as well. In summer 310, Constantine again fought a military campaign against the Franks. A war between Constantine and Maximian began. Maximian was at Massilia (Marseille, France) when Constantine took control of the city, probably in around July 310. Then Maximian died, probably by suicide.

On 25 July 310, it was Constantine's fifth anniversary festival as emperor (his ). At that time, Constantine gave himself the name in . Constantine said that his father Constantius had been part of the family of the emperor Claudius Gothicus. This was fiction.

On 30 April 311, the "augustus" Galerius made a edict. The Edict of Serdica mostly ended the persecution of Christianity in the Roman Empire. At the start of May, Galerius died. Constantine was Roman consul for the second time in 312.

Constantine was consul for the third time in 313. Constantine fought a civil war with Maxentius. The "Calendar of Philocalus" says that the Battle of the Milvian Bridge happened on the 28 October 313. In this battle, Constantine's army overcame the army of Maxentius. Maxentius died in the battle. The Latin writer Lactantius wrote about these events. After the battle, Constantine went across the Tiber River and took control of Rome itself. The "Calendar of Philocalus" says that Constantine went into the city on 29 October, and that there was a festival for two days.

After 18 January 313, Constantine was in Mediolanum (Milan, Italy). There Constantine met his co-emperor, Licinius, in January or February. Either in autumn 313 or during the first half of 314, Constantine travelled to Britain. On 1 August 314 in the city of Arelate (Arles, France), the Council of Arles started (a meeting of bishops. Constantine was consul for the fourth time in 315. In the first half of 315, Constantine probably had success in a military campaign he fought against the Goths and Sarmatians.

The "Calendar of Philocalus" says that Constantine came again to Rome in July 315. There was a ceremony (an ) when Constantine came to the city. The "Calendar" says that there was a festival for two days. Constantine got the . On 25 July 315, it was Constantine's tenth anniversary as emperor (his ).

On 27 September 315 Constantine went away from Rome. There was another ceremony (a ) when Constantine went out of the city. At some time, Constantine fought a civil war with his co-emperor Licinius. The "Calendar of Philocalus" says that Constantine's army overcame Licinius's army at the Battle of Cibalae on 8 October 314, but historians are not in agreement about the date. It may have been in 316. After this civil war, Constantine and Licinius made peace. This was either at the end of 314 or in January 317. As part of the agreement, Constantine got from Licinius the Roman provinces next to the Danube. (Licinius kept Thracia however.)

The "Consularia Constantinopolitana" and the "Chronicon Paschale" both say Constantine and Licinius chose co-emperors on 1 March 317. Constantine and his co-emperor made their three sons their junior co-emperors (their ). Crispus and Constantine II (Constantine's sons) and Licinius II (Licinius's son) were each made "caesar" at Serdica (Sofia, Bulgaria). Constantine was Roman consul for the fifth time in 319. He was consul for the sixth time in 320. On the 25 July 320, it was Constantine's fifteenth anniversary as emperor (his ).

In 321, it was the fifth anniversary of Crispus, Constantine II, and Licinius II as emperors (each "caesar"'s ). In summer 322, Constantine won a military victory against the Sarmatians. At the start of 323, Constantine fought a war against the Goths.

In 324, Constantine and Crispus fought another war against their co-emperor Licinius. The "Consularia Constantinopolitana" says that Constantine's army overcame the army of Licinius in a battle near Hadrianopolis (Edirne, European Turkey) on 3 July 324. Constantine's armies again overcame Licinius's soldiers at the Battle of Chrysopolis. The "Consularia Constantinopolitana" says that this battle was on the 18 September 324. Licinius and Licinius II both retired from being emperors. On 8 November that year, Constantine made his son Constantius II "caesar". At that time, all Constantine's co-emperors were Constantine's own children (the "" Crispus, Constantine II, and Constantius II).

On 20 May 324 at Nicaea (İznik, Turkey) the Council of Nicaea started. This meeting of bishops ended on 19 July 325. The Greek historian Socrates Scholasticus wrote about these events. The "Chronicle" of the Latin theologian Jerome and the "Chronicon Paschale" both say that on 25 July 325, it was Constantine's twentieth anniversary festival as emperor (his ) at Nicomedia (İzmit, Turkey).

Constantine was Roman consul for the seventh time in 326. The "Consularia Constantinopolitana" says that in around March 326, Constantine executed his oldest son, the "caesar" Crispus. The "Calendar of Philocalus" says that on 18 July 326 (or the 21 July) Constantine again came to Rome. When he came to the city there was another ceremony. Jerome wrote that on 25 July 326, it was Constantine's twentieth anniversary festival as emperor (his ) in Rome. (326 was the second year in which Constantine had a festival for the same twentieth anniversary.) Jerome's "Chronicle" and the "Chronicon Paschale" both say that Constantine set up the city of Helenopolis on 7 January 327. Constantine was consul for the eighth time in 329. The year was the last time Constantine was consul. The "Consularia Constantinopolitana" says that on 11 May 330, Constantine was in Byzantium. On that day, Constantine dedicated again the city. After that, Byzantium had the name Constantinople (; ).

The "Consularia Constantinopolitana" says that on 25 December 333, Constantine made his youngest son, Constans, his "caesar". They were probably at Constantinople then. In 333 or 334, Calocaerus started a rebellion in Cyprus. The "Consularia Constantinopolitana" says that the Romans forced the Sarmatians out of the Banat area around the Danube in 334.

Around 335, Shapur II's armies attacked Armenia, as part of the Roman–Persian Wars. Shapur's Sasanian Empire sent Narses to invade Armenia, but the attack did not have success and Narses died. The "Consularia Constantinopolitana" and the "Chronicon Paschale" both say that on 25 July 335, it was Constantine's thirtieth anniversary festival as emperor (his ) at Constantinople. Eusebius of Caesarea gave a speech at the festival.

On the 18 September 335, Constantine made Dalmatius "caesar". Constantine probably made Hannibalianus "King of Kings and of the Pontic people" () on the same day. Eusebius of Caesarea's "Life of Constantine" says that a Persian embassy from the Sasanian Empire came to Constantine at Constantinople not long after the festival of Easter. Constantine had been at Constantinople on Easter (3 April 337).

Eusebius of Caesarea's "Life of Constantine" says that Constantine died at Ancyrona, near Nicomedia (İzmit, Turkey). He died on 22 May 337.

 Constantine was the first Christian Roman emperor. His rule changed the Christian Church greatly. In February 313, Constantine met with Licinius in Milan where they made the Edict of Milan. The edict said that Christians could believe what they wanted. This stopped people from punishing Christians, who had often been martyred, or killed for their faith. It also returned the property which had been taken away from them. In 311, Galerius had made a similar edict, though it did not return any property to them. In pagan Rome before this, it had been against the law to practise Christianity, and Christians had often been tortured or killed. Constantine protected them. He went on to organize the whole Christian Church at the First Council of Nicea, even though he himself did not get baptized until near the end of his life.

Constantine did not support Christianity alone. After winning the Battle of the Milvian Bridge, he built the Arch of Constantine) to celebrate, but the arch was decorated with pictures of sacrifices to gods like Apollo, Diana, or Hercules. It had no Christian symbolism. In 321, Constantine said that Christians and non-Christians should all join the "day of the sun" (the eastern sun-worship which Aurelian had helped him introduce). His coins also had symbols of the sun-cult until 324. Even after pagan gods disappeared from the coins, Christians symbols never appeared on the coin, either. Even when Constantine dedicated the new city of Constantinople, he was wearing the Apollonian sun-rayed Diadem.



Cleopatra VII

Cleopatra (Greek: Κλεοπάτρα Φιλοπάτωρ) 69 BC – 10 August 30 BC was Queen of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt. She was its last active ruler.

She was one of the most famous women in history. Her full name was "Cleopatra VII Thea Philopator". She was the last of the Ptolemaic dynasty of Pharaohs set up in Egypt after the death of Alexander the Great. After her death, Egypt became the Roman province of "Aegyptus".

The main historical source for her life is Plutarch's "Life of Antony", available in translations.

"Antony and Cleopatra" is the famous tragedy by William Shakespeare, believed to have been written sometime between 1603 and 1607. It was first printed in 1623.

Cleopatra VII was born in 69 BCE in Alexandria, Egypt to Ptolemy XII, the pharaoh of Egypt , and possibly his wife Cleopatra V Tryphaena. Cleopatra was a member of the Ptolemaic royal family which was famous for only marrying between the family members. Cleopatra took education in math, science, Astronomy, and religion and politics. Cleopatra spoke Egyptian, Greek, and Latin very well and she was known as a smart person and a great politician.

In the beginning, Cleopatra faced a lot of problems. Her dad, Ptolemy XII, was an unpopular pharaoh whom Egyptians didn’t like. He passed away in 51 BCE, and Cleopatra’s little brother Ptolemy XIII, who was just ten years old at the time, became the king. But Ptolemy XIII was too young to rule on his own, and Cleopatra was able to rule jointly with him.

At that time, two Roman generals were fighting to be the leaders of the Roman Republic. They were Pompey and Julius Caesar. Julius Caesar defeated Pompey at the Battle of Pharsalus in Greece, 48 BC. Pompey fled to Egypt from Pharsalus, and was murdered by the orders of Ptolemy.

Ptolemy and his supporters thought Caesar would be pleased, but that was a big mistake. Caesar had pardoned many of the senators who fought against him. His reason was to lay the ground for peace in Rome. The murder of Pompey cut right across Caesar's plans. Worse, Pompey was a Roman consul, and the widower of Caesar's only daughter, Julia. Worse still, Pompey was beheaded in front of his fifth wife and children, who were on the ship from which he had just disembarked. This made sure that Pompey's powerful family and supporters would never forget, and would always be enemies of Caesar. 

Then Caesar came to Alexandria, the capital of Egypt. Economically, Egypt was a bread-basket which could feed the people of Rome. Popular mythology has it that Cleopatra received Caesar in her own unique way. She lay down on a carpet. Then her servants rolled up the carpet with Cleopatra inside. Then the carpet was taken to the palace where Caesar was staying. The guards saw some people carrying a carpet and they did not stop them. They carried the carpet to Caesar. Then Cleopatra came out of the carpet. Caesar fell in love with her and they became lovers. At the time, Cleopatra was 21 years old and Caesar was 52 years old.

Caesar decided to make Cleopatra queen again. Ptolemy did not like that. There was fighting, but Caesar won. Ptolemy tried to leave, but he fell in the river Nile and drowned. Another younger brother became king, but Cleopatra was again the real leader of Egypt. Cleopatra did not marry Julius Caesar, but they did have a son. He was called Caesarion.

Soon after Caesarion was born, Caesar was murdered as he walked to the Senate in Rome. Cleopatra and her entourage were in Rome when Caesar was assassinated on 15 March 44 BC. Cleopatra fled back to Egypt.

Mark Antony, who was Caesar's military commander, and Octavian, Caesar's legal heir, defeated the group who had conspired against Caesar. This group was led by Brutus and Cassius, who took their army to the Eastern Mediterranean, and controlled much of that area. The issue was finally settled by the Battle of Philippi, fought in Macedonia.

Caesar's place was taken by three joint Consuls, the Second Triumvirate. Their names were Octavian, Mark Antony and Lepidus. Lepidus was a minor character, and the long-term fate of the Empire was decided by a conflict between Antony and Octavian. Mark Antony came to see Cleopatra, and they fell in love, though Antony already had a wife. Cleopatra had three more children. Two were twins, and the father of all three was Mark Antony.

The conflict between Octavian and Antony became serious, and soon there was war. Cleopatra was wealthy, and she used her money to help Antony. But Octavian won the war. He became the ruler of the Roman Empire and was known as Augustus or Caesar Augustus. He took control of Egypt from Cleopatra. After her kingdom was conquered, she committed suicide by letting an asp (a poisonous snake and small cobra) bite her. Antony also committed suicide.

Caesarion was murdered by Octavian, and her other children were taken as prisoners to Rome. Two of them died of illness, but her daughter, Cleopatra Selene II, married an African King Juba II of Numidia. The couple were sent to Mauritania to rule by Octavian. They lived a full life there, and had children.

There are many stories told of how rich Cleopatra was, but we cannot be sure if these are true. For example, one story says that she took baths in milk, to make her skin softer. Another story says that she made a bet with Antony that she could make the most expensive meal ever. To win the bet, she took a pearl earring, dissolved it in vinegar, and drank it.



CSS

CSS is an abbreviation. It can stand for the following:

Kelly Clarkson

Kelly Brianne (born Kelly Brianne Clarkson; April 24, 1982), known professionally as Kelly Clarkson, is an American singer, songwriter and television host. She is the winner of the first season of "American Idol" and first season of the coach "The Voice".

Clarkson has recorded eight albums. Clarkson has sold over 10.6 million albums in the United States, becoming the highest-selling American Idol winner. According to Nielsen SoundScan, Clarkson is also ranked on the top 200 album sellers of the Nielsen SoundScan era at number 187.

Kelly Brianne Clarkson was born in Fort Worth, Texas. She is the third and youngest child of Jeanne Rose Clarkson a first grade teacher, and Stephen Michael Clarkson.

Clarkson's parents divorced when she was six years old, after having been married for seventeen years. The family then moved to Burleson,Texas, where her mother remarried. She is of Greek (from a maternal great-grandfather), English, Irish, German, and Scottish ancestry. Her mother is a descendant of Republican state senator Isaiah Rose, whose life story was discussed on Clarkson's episode of "Who Do You Think You Are?", in 2013.

Clarkson went to Pauline G Hughes Middle School and Burleson High School. She originally wanted to be a marine biologist, but changed her mind after she saw the movie "Jaws". In seventh grade, one of her teachers overheard her singing in a hallway and asked her to audition for the school choir.

In high school, Clarkson performed in musicals such as "Annie Get Your Gun", "Seven Brides for Seven Brothers" and "Brigadoon". She sang at her high school talent show, after which an audience member shared some inspiring words with her: "God has given you this gift. You've got to sing. You're destined to sing." Clarkson continued singing and soon started classical training, hoping that music would be her ticket to a college scholarship.

After finishing high school, Clarkson was offered full scholarships to The University of Texas at Austin, the University of North Texas, and the Berklee College of Music. However, she decided against college to pursue a career in music saying, "you're never too old to go to college."

On September 4, 2002, Clarkson won the first season of "American Idol", beating Justin Guarini by a margin of 58% to 42%. After the results were announced, Clarkson performed the song "A Moment Like This", which was written for the winner of "American Idol" and would be released on her first CD "Thankful". When it was released as a single in October 2002, it set a record on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart when it rose from number 52 to number one. "Thankful" sold 236,000 copies in its first week in the U.S.

Clarkson possesses a three-octave soprano vocal range. She is also able use of a whistle register.

Clarkson married Brandon Blackstock in 2013. They have a daughter, River Rose, and a son, Remington. Blackstock also has two children from a previous relationship. In June 2020, it was announced that Clarkson had filed for divorce.

On March 30, 2022, it was reported that Clarkson had changed her name legally to Kelly Brianne, making her middle name into her last name. She still uses Clarkson professionally.





Maurice Ravel

Maurice Ravel (born Ciboure, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, 7 March 1875; died Paris, 28 December 1937) was a French composer. 

His name is often thought of with that of Claude Debussy, but their music is really quite different. Ravel liked children and animals and his music is often about them. He liked to write about fairy tales and stories from far away lands. He wrote some lovely piano music, most of which is difficult to play. 

"Boléro" is a 17-minute piece for orchestra. A short version was used by Olympic gold medallists, ice-dancers Torvill and Dean for the dance that made them Olympic champions in 1984.

It soon became clear that Maurice was musically gifted, so his father arranged for him to have piano lessons with a well-known teacher. In 1889 he entered the Paris Conservatoire.

In 1889 there was a big international exhibition: the Paris World Exhibition. Ravel and Debussy both heard gamelan music from Java at this exhibition. They were both influenced by it, especially Debussy. Ravel also heard Russian music at concerts given by Rimsky-Korsakov. 

He left the Conservatoire in 1895, but went back in 1897 to study composition with Gabriel Fauré and counterpoint and orchestration with Andreé Gédalge. At this stage Ravel was not sure of himself as a composer. His first work that was to become very well-known was the short piece for orchestra called "Pavane pour une infante défunte". Fauré had been a very good teacher for Ravel. Ravel dedicated his virtuoso piano piece "Jeux d’eau" (meaning “Play of water” or “Fountains”) and his "String Quartet" to Fauré. However, Ravel never got a prize for composition, so he left Fauré’s class in 1903.

Ravel was starting to live the life of a dandy. He always dressed very smartly, and got to know people with similar tastes. He tried to win the Prix de Rome in 1904 and again in 1905. However, the judges liked traditional music and did not understand Ravel’s style. There was a big argument at the Conservatoire which led to the director, Dubois, resigning and Fauré taking his place. Meanwhile, Ravel left Paris for a time with some friends and started writing some of his best compositions. 

In 1909 the Ballets Russes visited Paris. They were the world’s most famous ballet group. Their director Diaghilev asked Ravel to write a ballet for them Ravel took about three years to compose the music for "Daphnis et Chloé". Other works he completed before the war broke out include "Shéhérazade" for soprano and orchestra (not to be confused with the work by Rimsky-Korsakov with the same title), and the "Piano Trio".

When World War I broke out Ravel felt very strongly that he wanted to do something for his country. However, he was not allowed to join the French army because he was 2 kg underweight. So he became a driver for the motor transport corps. In 1916 he became ill with dysentery. After a time in hospital he was taken back to Paris to get better, but then his mother died and this had a bad effect on him. The war years had slowed him down as a composer. He had composed "Le Tombeau de Couperin" (well-known both as a piano solo piece and for orchestra) which looks back to the style of music in the Baroque period. It took him a long time to finish "La Valse" ("The Waltz"), one of his most popular pieces.

After the war had ended Debussy was dead and Ravel was seen to be the greatest living French composer. He was offered the award of Légion d’honneur but he would not accept it. He bought himself a house outside Paris. Here he could compose in peace and quiet. He wrote his opera "L’enfant et les sortileges" ("The child and magic") and the famous virtuoso piece for solo violin called "Tzigane". He toured in Europe and the United States and was welcomed everywhere as a composer. He was given an honorary doctorate at Oxford University.

Ravel worked on several things: some ballet music which resulted in the orchestral piece "Boléro".He wrote a Piano Concerto in G, and the Piano Concerto for the Left Hand for the pianist Paul Wittgenstein who had lost his right arm in the war. 

In 1932 he started to become ill. For several years he had already been finding it difficult to sleep, and this may have been the beginning of the brain disease which would finally kill him. A road accident in 1932 made it worse. Soon he could no longer sign his own name, he could hardly move and hardly speak. He had a brain operation in 1937, but he died.

Ravel was a very private man. His music came to him during walks on his own, in the country or in Paris, often at night, and in any weather. Then he would come home and write them down. He worked at each composition until it was perfect and never showed it to anybody until it was ready. He liked to collect little things such as toys, and these objects often became part of the music. Baroque music forms, gamelan music, Spanish music, ancient modes and unusual harmonies were all important in his musical style. He only had a few pupils, including Vaughan Williams, but no one could imitate his music because it is always so personal, full of perfection and humour.


Jean-Philippe Rameau

Jean-Philippe Rameau (born Dijon, September ? 1683; died Paris, 12 September 1764) was a French composer. He is famous for his music for harpsichord and for his operas. His most well-known operas are: "Hippolyte et Aricie", "Castor et Pollux", and "Dardanus". He is also known for his one act opera "Pigmalion" which he is said to have composed in 8 days. He is also known as an important music theorist by writing many books on the matter.


Bedřich Smetana

Bedřich Smetana (b. Litomyšl, Bohemia, March 2, 1824; d. Prague May 12, 1884) was a Czech composer. He was a Romantic composer. Smetana, Dvořák and Leoš Janáček are the three most famous composers who wrote Czech nationalist music. His music is typical of the Czech people. His eight operas are about Nationalist stories. He wrote six tone poems for orchestra called "Ma Vlast" which means “My Home Country”.

Bedřich was the 11th child in a German-speaking family, although he was only the first of the children not to die before they grew up. His father was a brewer and a keen amateur violinist. He learned the violin from his father and the piano from local teachers, but he soon played better than his teachers. Between the age of 12 and 20 he had no musical education. Then he went to Prague and heard Liszt playing. He wanted to leave school and study music but his father would not let him. He was sent to Plzeň where he finished his schooling. During this time he earned some money by playing the piano at the homes of rich people. He played for dancing, and he liked to dance himself. He often danced with a girl called Kateřina Kolářová and he also played piano duets with her. Later she married him.

He returned to Prague and arranged to have lessons in harmony, counterpoint and composition. He gave a piano recital, but nobody came to listen, so he decided to start a school of music, although he hardly had any money.

In 1848, revolutions were taking place in central Europe, including in Prague. A strong feeling of nationalism was growing. The Czechs (people who lived in Bohemia and Moravia) wanted to be able to express themselves in their own language instead of in German, which was still the official language in Bohemia. Smetana, who only spoke German, agreed with the nationalists’ ideas, but he still did not realize how important it would be for him in the future to be able to speak Czech.

Smetana married Kateřina and they had four daughters, but three of them died. He still had very little money, so he went to Sweden where he was very successful as a piano teacher and conductor. He composed the first of his symphonic poems: "Richard III". After three years in Sweden he decided to return to his homeland because of his Kateřina’s health, but she died on the way. Smetana spent two more years in Sweden. He married again. After the Austrian defeat by Napoleon III in 1859, it became clear that there were going to be big changes in his native country. The Czechs were going to be allowed to have a national opera and put on plays in the Czech language instead of having to perform everything in German. Smetana realized that this was an exciting chance for him. After a big farewell concert in Stockholm to which the Swedish royal family came, Smetana returned to Prague.

Smetana now started to learn Czech, a language he did not speak. It was not easy for him in Prague because he was only known there as a pianist and teacher. He put on a concert of music by German composers but nobody came. He wanted to be director of the Provisional Theatre but the job was given to a man called Mayr who was not very good.

Gradually Smetana’s reputation grew and he started to write operas in Czech which became very popular. The first one was called "The Brandenburgers in Bohemia". Mayr made things very difficult for Smetana but the audience loved the opera and it was performed ten more times. His next opera is the one which has become his best-known opera internationally: "The Bartered Bride". Smetana got the job of director of the Provisional Theatre instead of Mayr. Smetana made lots of improvements, introducing well-known German, French and Italian operas to the audiences as well as new operas by young Czech composers. The operas "Dalibor" was first performed on the day that the first stone was laid for the building of the National Theatre. It was a great occasion, although the music critics were unkind and said that his music sounded too much like Wagner. His opera "Libuše" was written for the coronation of Franz Joseph in Prague, but that coronation never happened, so the opera was not performed for another ten years when the National Theatre was opened (1881). He spent several years composing a cycle of six symphonic poems called "Ma Vlast" ("My Country"). These are very popular today, especially the second one, "Vltava", which describes the river Vltava flowing from its source all the way to the sea.

In his last years Smetana became totally deaf. He was suffering from syphilis. He heard horrible high squeaks in his ears a lot of the time. He showed this when composing his "String Quartet no 2": the first violin plays a very long high note for a long time in the last movement, showing the audience what he had to suffer. He became very depressed and his wife did not help by quarrelling a lot with him. It became painfully difficult for him to compose. In the end he was writing four bars a day. His mental state got worse. He was guarded all day in case he harmed himself. He did not recognize his own family. He was put in an asylum where he died shortly afterwards.

As soon as the Czech people were allowed to produce plays and operas in their own language Smetana thought it was his duty to write a series of nationalist operas. His operas were based on the nation’s history and legends. His symphonic cycle "Ma Vlast" was programme music, full of heroism, often describing nature and the countryside. Smetana also wrote a lot for piano. He was the most important Czech composer there had been at that time. Smetana and Dvořák were the founders of modern Czech music.

Light-emitting diode

A light-emitting diode (LED) is a semiconductor device that produces light from electricity. LEDs last a long time and do not break easily (compared to incandescent lightbulbs). They can produce many different colors. They are efficient - most of the energy turns into light, not heat. 

An LED is a type of diode that makes one color of light when electricity is sent through it in the expected direction (electrically biased in the forward direction). This effect is a kind of electroluminescence. 

The color of the light depends on the chemical composition of the semiconducting material used, and can be near-ultraviolet, visible or infrared. The color affects how much electricity is used by the LED. A white LED has either two or three LEDs inside, of different colors. Some white LEDs have one single-color LED inside (usually blue), combined with a phosphor that converts that single color to white.

LEDs are used in many places. Early LEDs could only emit infrared, and were used in optical fiber communication. Later ones were used as red indicator lights on many electronic devices, and in the 1980s they also made other colors. In the 21st century they are used for bright advertising signs, brake lights on cars, in TVs, and more recently, light bulbs for the home. White LEDs bright enough to illuminate rooms are usually more expensive than regular lightbulbs but they last longer and burn less electricity.

LEDs, which make their own light, should not be confused with LCDs, which block light. Some displays, however, mix the two technologies, using LEDs to backlight the LCD.

Today, some LEDs are surface-mount devices (SMD), so they can be very small.



Antonín Dvořák

Antonín Leopold Dvořák (8 September 1841 1 May 1904) was a Czech composer. Along with Smetana and Janáček, Dvorak is one of three famous composers who wrote nationalist Czech music. He wrote chamber music including several string quartets, piano music, songs, operas, oratorios and nine symphonies. The last of his symphonies is known as the "New World" Symphony because he wrote it in the United States (the “New World”). The slow movement with its solo played on the cor anglais is especially famous.

Dvořák was born in a village near Prague, Czechoslovakia (Today Prague is the capital city of the Czech Republic) but in those days it was part of the Austrian Empire until 1867 after the Austro-Prussian War Of 1866 when it became Austria-Hungary . His father was a butcher and innkeeper. He also played the zither and composed a few simple dances.

The young Antonín started to have violin lessons from the village schoolmaster. Soon he was playing the violin in his father’s inn, in local churches and in the village band. Just before his 12th birthday he left school and started to learn how to be a butcher. A year later he left home to go to school in Zlonice. He learned a lot about music there, and he also learned German. His teacher persuaded Dvořák's parents that he should have a musical career, so they sent him to study music in Prague at the Organ School. He continued to learn German, and he became a good viola player and played in concerts and in the Estates Theatre when they needed a big orchestra for Wagner’s operas "Lohengrin" and "Tannhäuser".

When Dvořák had finished his studies he got his first job playing in a band in restaurants and for balls. This was a time when there was suddenly a great interest in national culture in Bohemia. Plays and operas were allowed to be performed in the Czech language. The band he played with became part of the Bohemian Provisional Theater Orchestra, which from 1866 was conducted by Bedřich Smetana. Dvořák was principal viola player in the orchestra. He earned extra money by teaching, and he started to compose.

In 1871 he left the orchestra so that he could spend more time composing. For several years he still had to teach in order to earn enough money to live. He wrote a cantata "The heirs of the White Mountain" which was a great success. In 1874 he wrote an opera "King and Charcoal Burner", but the opera house did not want it. This made Dvořák realize that he had to be more self-critical. He destroyed a lot of his compositions which he thought were not his best works. He decided he must not compose like Wagner, but that he needed to find his own style of composing.

In 1873 he married. He got a job as church organist. His Third Symphony was performed at a concert conducted by Smetana. Dvořák rewrote his opera "King and Charcoal Burner", using completely different music. It was performed in 1874. He composed a lot more music.

In 1877 he had a letter from Hanslick to say that he had won a prize of 600 gulden and that the great composer Johannes Brahms was interested in his music. His music started to be published by Simrock, a well-known German music publisher, and his music was performed in many countries, even as far away as New York. His fame spread. Even his operas were performed abroad. "Dimitrij" was particularly successful. Brahms was a great friend and helped him a lot. Brahms and Hanslick tried to persuade him to move to Vienna because it was a great musical city, but Dvořák wanted to stay in his own country.

Dvořák's "Slavonic Dances" were published in 1878 and have always been very popular. The conductor Hans Richter conducted the Slavonic Rhapsody no 3 in Vienna. His "Stabat Mater" (1880) was performed abroad, and Dvořák was invited to visit England in 1884. He became very popular in England and went there many times. The English choirs liked to sing his choral works. His "Requiem Mass" was given its first performance in Birmingham at the Triennial Music Festival. He was given an honorary degree from Cambridge University. Tchaikovsky invited him to Russia in 1890.

From 1892 to 1895, Dvořák was the director of the National Conservatory of Music in New York City. He earned a lot of money: $15,000 a year. Dvořák was interested in the music of black Americans. He met the student Harry T. Burleigh, one of the earliest African-American composers, who introduced him to traditional American Spirituals.

In the winter and spring of 1893, while in New York, Dvořák wrote his most popular work, the "Symphony No.9, "From the New World"". He spent the summer of 1893 with his family in the Czech-speaking community of Spillville, Iowa, where some of his cousins lived. He also composed chamber music there, including a String Quartet in F which is known as the “American”, and a Sonatina for Violin and Piano.
In 1895, Dvořák wrote his "Cello Concerto in B minor", which was to become one of his most popular works. However, he wanted to go back to his own country. He was also not being paid all his salary. He heard that he had been made an honorary member of the "Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde" in Vienna. He decided to return to Bohemia and continue his job as professor of composition at the Prague Conservatory.

During his last years, Dvořák spent most of his time writing operas. "Rusalka" is particularly popular, especially the famous aria for soprano "To the Moon". The opera is about a fairy-tale and the story is based on Hans Anderson’s story of the "Little Mermaid". In 1896 he visited London for the last time to hear the first performance of his Cello Concerto. In 1897 his daughter married his pupil, the composer Josef Suk. 

He died in 1904 after a short illness.

Dvořák wrote lots of kinds of music. Although he based his style on the classical forms such as those of Beethoven, they also show the influence of Czech Richard Wagner . He lived at a time when Nationalistic feelings were felt very strongly by the Czech people. Smetana wrote music which was very Czech in character. Dvořák learned from Smetana’s music, but never imitated his style. Only five of his nine symphonies were known in his lifetime. When the other four were discovered and published in the 1960s the symphonies were all renumbered. The last three symphonies, numbers 7, 8 and 9 (which used to be called numbers 2, 4 and 5) are the most often performed. The Ninth Symphony: "From the New World" is one of the most popular symphonies ever written. The two sets of Slavonic Dances are extremely well-known. They are often played as a piano duet. He wrote concertos for the violin, cello and piano. Dvořák wrote many operas (the best known of which is "Rusalka"); chamber music (including a number of string quartets, and quintets); songs; choral music; and piano music.

Slavonic rhapsody: The life of Antonín Dvořák, by Barthold Fles

Leoš Janáček

Most of his greatest works were written towards the end of his life. At this time he was in love with a young woman called Kamila. She was the inspiration for many of his last compositions.

Janáček’s family were poor people who lived in the countryside in Moravia. His grandfather and his father were both musicians and school teachers. Leoš was the fifth of nine children. As the tiny house was so crowded he was sent to Brno when he was eleven. There he went to a choir school, but soon the choir had to stop. He continued his music education there. After his final exams he had an unpaid job as teacher for two years. He became conductor of a monastery choir as well as a male-voice choir called Svatopluk. He made them a better choir and wrote music for them. He studied at the Prague Organ School for a year, but he was very poor and could not afford to go to concerts. He continued to conduct choirs and became friends with Dvořák. He spent a short time in Leipzig and Vienna.

When he returned to Brno he became engaged to his piano pupil Zdenka Schulzová who was only 14. She was still under 16 when they married. Janáček founded (started) an organ school in Brno. He was the director of this school. He also taught music at the Old Brno Gymnasium. His marriage was unhappy and, although they remained married all his life, they spent a lot of time separated. He went on a journey to northern Moravia to collect folk songs which he used in some of his dances for orchestra.

Janáček’s spent several years writing his opera "Jenůfa". By the time he was finishing it his daughter had died. Some of his sadness can be felt in the opera. He also worked on a system of speech-melody (making his melodies sound like the rhythm of his language) which was to influence his operas for the rest of his life. "Jenůfa" was very successful when it was first performed in 1904. By this time Janáček was already 50.

Janáček was now doing less teaching and concentrating on organizing the Brno Organ School which had moved into a new building because it now had 70 students. His next opera was called "Osud" ("Fate"), but it was not performed during his lifetime. The music is very good but the libretto (words) were poor. This is also true of his next opera: "Mr Brouček’s excursion to the moon". He wrote chamber music during this period, as well as some very good choral music.

When World War I broke out Janáček was 60. He was well known in Moravia, but hardly known in other countries. His compositions from the war years include "Taras Bulba" which is a work for orchestra which describes a story by the Russian writer Gogol. He wrote a short, patriotic opera to follow Mr Brouček’s adventures. It was about a landlord from Prague who finds himself in the middle of the 15th century Hussite wars.

In his final years Janáček wrote most of the great works for which he is world-famous. His opera "Jenůfa" was performed in Prague. This made him internationally famous. He was very proud when his country became independent after the war. He was also very happy because he was in love with Kamila Stösslová, who was 38 years younger than himself. He wrote three of his finest operas: "Katya Kabanová", "The Cunning Little Vixen" and "The Makropulos Affair". These operas were performed in Brno and then in Prague, and they were also published. He wrote two string quartets and a wind sextet: "Mládi" ("Youth"). By the time he was 70 he had retired from the Brno Organ School. In 1926 he wrote an orchestral work: "Sinfonietta", followed by a piano concerto for the left hand (pianist just playing with the left hand) and chamber ensemble, and the "Glagolitic Mass". All these works had enormous success in Czechoslovakia as well as abroad, even as far away as New York.

In 1921 he had bought a cottage in his birthplace, Hukvaldy. He spent a lot of time composing there, away from the busy life in Brno. In the summer of 1928 he went there and was joined, for the first time in Hukvaldy, by Kamila, her 11-year-old boy and her husband. He was working on the third act of his last opera "From the House of the Dead". One day Kamila’s son got lost in the forest. They spent some time looking for him. Janáček got cold, he caught pneumonia and died. His funeral in Brno was a large public event, at which some music from his opera "The Cunning Little Vixen" was performed.

Janáček grew up in the middle of the Romantic period, but most of his best music was written in 1920s, by which time musical styles had changed. Although he never wrote music which sounded as modern as that of Stravinsky or Schoenberg his music is Romantic, combined with Moravian folksong and sometimes with ideas from French impressionist composers such as Debussy. The music he wrote for choirs often continued in his operas. His music for instruments often started as programmatic, although a lot of it can be enjoyed without knowing the story it tells. He learned to write operas by learning from the operas of Smetana, but he made many changes such as shortening the duets and ensembles and using folksong in his melodies.
Janáček was not just important as a composer, but is remembered for his studies of folk music, and as a music theorist and teacher.


Arthur Sullivan

Sir Arthur Sullivan (13 May 1842 – 22 November 1900) was an English composer. In his lifetime people thought he was the best British composer, but nowadays his serious works are rarely heard. He worked with an author and poet called W. S. Gilbert, and together they wrote fourteen comic operas. Their names are always mentioned together: "Gilbert and Sullivan". Their operas were very popular a hundred years ago, and most still are. The most popular are "The Mikado", "H.M.S. Pinafore" and "The Pirates of Penzance". The two men were very different. They argued sometimes, but they worked together for 25 years, from 1871 to 1896. 

Sullivan's serious works include one grand opera, two dozen orchestral and choral pieces, and many hymns and songs, including "Onward Christian Soldiers" and "The Lost Chord".

Psychosis

Psychosis is the name used for diagnosis in psychiatry for a mental abnormality. People who have psychosis are called "psychotic". Usually, psychotic people "lose touch with reality", they have trouble telling what is real and what is not. It is a kind of altered state of consciousness.

The word psychosis has two parts. The first part comes from psyche, which means soul in Ancient Greek. The second part is the ending '-osis', which means "illness or unnatural condition". So literally, psychosis means "unnatural condition of the soul".

People with psychosis may have hallucinations, which means they can experience things that are not really there. They may also have delusions, which are fixed beliefs and ideas that are usually false. Sometimes their personality changes, and they cannot think straight. Some of these thoughts may be paranoid. Not every psychotic person has all of these problems.

Because of these, psychotics often act in strange ways, which also makes it difficult for them to live a normal life as part of society. They often have trouble with making friends, as most people do not understand them.

Psychosis can affect people to different levels. Some people can continue with mostly normal lives, while other people will need medical help.

There are many things that can make someone seem psychotic. These include poisons, drugs, diseases of the nervous system, and other illnesses. 

Many people have gone through unusual experiences that they believe are real. Hallucinations connected to religion or supernatural experiences seem to be quite common. Very often, these experiences cannot be called "psychosis" in a medical sense of the word. For this reason, some people have said that psychosis may simply be an extreme case of something that is experienced by most. People who have suffered from what could be called "psychosis" may simply have had experiences that were very strong or distressing.

People with schizophrenia with psychotic symptoms have a problem with concrete thinking because they are thinking very much more about abstract things. 

In movies and the media in general, certain people who are shown as violent and antisocial are sometimes labelled "psychotic". This image of psychosis is wrong, the people shown are usually psychopaths or sociopaths, they usually do not have hallucinations or delusions.

Psychosis is most associated with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, depression, drug addiction and brain damage but it can be caused by a wide range of conditions.

Psychosis is a name for a group of symptoms, that can be caused by different diseases and conditions. Very broadly speaking there are two types of causes for psychosis:

Most psychoses can be treated, so that those suffering from them can lead a normal life. The treatment depends on the cause of the psychosis. In general, there are two different forms of treatment available:

Ramen

There are various types of thickness, shapes and lengths. The noodle may be thin or thick, straight or wrinkled.

In Japan, there are unique local Ramen in various areas where local tastes are enjoyed. It is called "gotouchi ramen" in Japan. For example, Hakata ramen is known for its pork ramen soup. The noodles are very thin and do not need to be boiled for very long to become soft. Sapporo ramen is known for its miso ramen soup.
And Kitakata ramen is known for its Shoyu ramen soup. Shio (salty) ramen is also a popular flavor. These days, Gyokai-tonkotsu ramen is also popular.

Peter Paul Rubens

Pieter Pauwel (Peter Paul) Rubens (28 June 1577 – 30 May 1640) was a painter.

He was good at painting many subjects: portraits, stories from the bible or other books and landscapes. He painted in the Baroque style. Paintings in this style have a lot of action and color. Many of his paintings have a sensual touch. Some of them can be seen as erotic.


Adolf Frederick of Sweden

Adolf Frederick, (14 May 1710 - 12 February 1771), was the King of Sweden between 1751 and 1771.

Gothenburg

Gothenburg () is the second largest Swedish city, after Stockholm. Around 550 000 people live there. The city was founded in 1621 by king Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden.

BBC One

BBC One is a television channel in the United Kingdom. It was launched on 2 November 1936, and was the first television channel in the United Kingdom. The channel was Published by BBC. The channel shows lots of different programmes including famous ones such as "Only Fools and Horses" and "EastEnders". The Channel features a Wide Range Of Covers.

BBC Television Service was the world's first regular public television service with a high level of image resolution.

The channel was later renamed BBC TV until the launch of sister channel BBC Two in 1964. After that it was known as BBC1, but changed to the current spelling in 1997. The channel has an annual budget of £840 million, and makes an annual profit of £900 million. Along with the BBC's other UK television stations, it is funded completely by the television licence fee - this means it shows no adverts.

On the 8 January 2024, the BBC ended the SDTV feed on satellite services.


Bad Aibling

Bad Aibling (Central Bavarian: "Bod Oabling" or "Oawin") is a town in Bavaria (Germany). It is a former district seat. It is on the river Mangfall about 35 miles southeast of Munich. Bad Aibling is a health resort (peat pulp bath and mineral water).

In 804, Bad Aibling was mentioned for the first time. After the second World War Bad Aibling has evolved to a major centre for intelligence organizations and secret services. In 2004 the US American Bad Aibling Echelon station closed after decades of operation. In 2016, ten people were killed in a train crash.

In the town live about 18,000 people. It is 498 meters above sea level and covers an area of 41.55 km².


Gaya (India)

Gaya is a town in the Indian state of Bihar. Some parts of Gaya date back to the fifth and sixth centuries. It is one of the seven holy cities of the Hindus.

Patna

Patna is the capital city of the Indian state of Bihar. About 1.7 million people live in Patna (census 2001). It is a very old city and has a history of at least 2,500 years. It was famous for its educational institutes, which during those days, attracted scholars from all over the world. Gautama Buddha who started Buddhism had also visited this city. Despite being a Hindu majority city Patna also has many Muslims and many Masjids. People in Patna speak Hindi, Bhojpuri, Maithli and Urdu. When founded Patna's old name was "Pataliputra", and later into "Pataliputra" which was the capital of Magadha Empire, before changing in to the current "Patna". 

Samuel Johnson

Samuel Johnson (born Lichfield, Staffordshire, England 18 September 1709; died London 13 December 1784) was a famous writer. After publishing a famous dictionary, he was given a doctorate. This is why he is often called Dr Johnson. He wrote some of his own stories, but more often he wrote criticisms about what other people had written. He said a lot of witty, amusing things, which are still remembered today. People know about some of the funny things he said because his friend James Boswell wrote a book about him.

Samuel Johnson was born in Lichfield, Staffordshire. His father had a bookshop, but he was very poor. Samuel went to school in Lichfield. When he was nineteen he went to the University of Oxford, but he was so poor that he had to leave without taking a degree. A few years later he married a woman 21 years older than he was. They went to live in London, where he tried to make a living by writing but for many years he was very poor.

It was not until 1762 that he became famous and the government gave him a pension of three hundred pounds a year. He started a club (called "The Club") which included a lot of famous people like the painter Joshua Reynolds and the writer Oliver Goldsmith (see picture). Johnson was now so famous that he was given an honorary doctorate (the title of "Doctor") from Trinity College, Dublin in 1765, and an honorary doctorate from the University of Oxford in 1775.

Boswell and Johnson spent some time in Edinburgh and they travelled a lot to the Scottish islands. Johnson died in 1784 and is buried in Westminster Abbey.

Johnson spent several years writing his Dictionary of the English language. It was a big job. While he was writing it he could not be earning money, so he needed a patron (someone who would sponsor him by giving him money, and in return the dictionary would be dedicated to him). An important man called Lord Chesterfield said to Johnson that he would be his patron. But he never gave him any money, and Johnson never heard anything more from him, until the dictionary was ready. Then Lord Chesterfield wrote to Johnson saying that he hoped he would dedicate the dictionary to him. The letter that Johnson wrote back to Lord Chesterfield is very famous. It is very sarcastic (funny in an unkind way). Johnson said to him that it would have been nice to have had help when he was needing it. He said, sarcastically, that a patron was someone who stands on the river bank watching a man drowning and then, when then the drowning man is saved, asks him whether he can help. The letter made Lord Chesterfield look very silly.

There were very few dictionaries in Johnson's day, so it was a lot of work for him. Nowadays, a dictionary is made by a team of people. Dictionaries, like encyclopedias, should just give facts. But Johnson sometimes explained words in his dictionary in a way that showed his opinions (what he thought about things).

Examples:

Although it shows his personal likes and dislikes, the dictionary still deserves to be famous. Johnson defined 43,000 words. It was the first time a dictionary had been published that gave examples of how the words had been used by well-known writers.

Nozomi (Shinkansen)

Nozomi trains are the fastest Shinkansen "bullet" trains in Japan. They can reach Osaka from Tokyo in two and a half hours. The trains are called "bullet" trains because they travel so fast, like a bullet from a gun. These trains have speeds of up to .

The second fastest Shinkansen trains is the Hikari train. The third fastest Shinkansen train is the Kodama train. In the Japanese language, "Nozomi" means hope, "Hikari" means light and "Kodama" means "echo."

"Shinkansen" means "New Trunk Line" in Japanese because it was built with all new bridges, tunnels through mountains and under water, and special tracks for high speed trains so it could go directly (straight) from city to city. Before the Shinkansen, trains in Japan were slower because they were old and had to go around many mountains, or share the track with cars on road crossings.

Moravia

Moravia (Czech and Slovak: "Morava;" German":" "Mähren") is a historical region in the eastern part of the Czech Republic that takes its name from the Morava River, which flows from the north to the south of the land. 

Together with Bohemia in the west and Silesia in the north, Moravia was a historical-political region called the Czech Lands. Moravia, Bohemia and a small part of Silesia make up the current Czech Republic.

Important cities in Moravia are Brno, Olomouc, Ostrava and Zlín.

Advanced Photo System

The Advanced Photo System, also known by trademarked names such as Advantix, was a technology for photographic film and cameras. People started using it in the year 1996.

This is what it did:

The system also had problems:
The system never became popular, and cameras stopped being made in 2004. Film continued to be made until 2011. Since then, most cameras have switched to digital (electronic) systems anyway. Almost all remaining film cameras on the market use 135 film instead.

One famous type of camera that used this system was the Canon IXUS, which then later changed and became a digital one. Many modern digital cameras use a sensor that is the same size as the APS-C frame.


Coral reef

A coral reef is a large underwater structure made of dead and living corals. In most healthy reefs, stony corals are predominant. They are built from colonial polyps from the phylum Cnidaria which secrete an exoskeleton of calcium carbonate. The reefs are formed in tropical marine areas (30 degrees north and south of the equator) and between the tropics. The reef acts as the home of many tropical fish and other animals. Coral reefs systems are a major tourism attraction because of their beauty and color of the corals and their many associated animals. 

People look at them while snorkeling and diving. One example of a coral reef is in Malaysia at Pulau Tioman, off the State of Pahang. The most famous is the Great Barrier Reef off the East coast of Australia.

Most present-day coral reefs were formed after the last ice age when melting ice caused the sea level to rise and flood the continental shelves. This means they are less than 10,000 years old. As coral reef communities were established on the shelves, they built reefs that grew upwards, keeping pace with the rise in sea level. Reefs that did not keep pace became "drowned reefs", covered by so much water that there was insufficient light for further survival.

Coral reefs are also found in the deep sea away from the continental shelves, around oceanic islands and as atolls. The vast majority of these ocean coral islands are volcanic in origin. The few exceptions have tectonic origins where plate movements have lifted the deep ocean floor on the surface.

Coral reefs are fragile ecosystems. Because corals need warm, sunlit water to live, they often grow close to the top of the water. Being so close to land makes them often be damaged by poisons and dirt that can come from boats and the land nearby. Dirt makes the water more cloudy, which makes the sunlight less. Poisons can bleach and kill corals. Also, they are hard for ships to see, but easy to hit, which makes ships often run into the coral, damaging both the boats and coral. Because of this, many countries are trying to lessen the kinds of building that usually happen near beaches that have coral reefs nearby, and be more careful about the boats that go around reefs.

Laurel wreath

A laurel wreath is a circular wreath made of interlocking branches and leaves of the bay laurel ("Laurus nobilis"). This is an evergreen whose leaves give off a pleasant scent.

The wreath is traditionally worn on the head. In Greek mythology, the god Apollo is shown wearing a laurel wreath because of the story of Apollo and Daphne. In Ancient Greece, it was given to special people, such as winners in competitions in poetry or sports, such as the Ancient Olympic Games.

It was also used in Ancient Rome, and Roman Emperors are often shown wearing laurel wreaths. In the Summer Olympics 2004 in Athens, Greece gave laurel wreaths to the winners. The saying "resting on one's laurels" comes from this and means that someone relaxes now because he or she did something good in the past.

In some countries, the laurel wreath is used as a symbol of the master's degree. The wreath is given to young masters in the graduation ceremony of the university. The word "Laureate" in 'poet laureate' refers to the laurel wreath.

In modern times, wreaths are used for their decorative quality rather than ceremonial use. Wreaths may be made with flowers such as roses to make them more appealing.

Ranchi

Ranchi is the capital city of Jharkhand state of India. About 11,26,720 people lived in Ranchi (census:2011). Two of the oldest and largest psychiatric hospitals of India were located there. In 1967 it had one of India's first medical colleges. 

Ujjain

Ujjain is a city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, India. Ujjain is a very old city, and one of the seven holy cities of the Hindus. It was an important city of Ancient India.it is known for the Mahakaleshwar Temple, a towering structure with a distinctively ornate roof. Nearby, Bade Ganesh Temple houses a colorful statue of Ganesh, the elephant-headed Hindu deity. Harsiddhi Temple features a pair of tall dark pillars studded with lamps.

Ayodhya

Ayodhya (; IAST: "") is a city on the banks of holy river Saryu in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the administrative headquarters of the Ayodhya district as well as the Ayodhya division of Uttar Pradesh, India. It shares a municipal corporation with its neighbouring twin city of Faizabad. The Ramayana tells that Raam, a god of Hindus, was born in Ayodhya. Ayodhya is on the bank of the Sarayu River. The city is about five kilometers east of Faizabad, another important city of Uttar Pradesh.

The Ramayana tells that Ayodhya was the capital city of Raam’s kingdom. Raam was a form (an avatar) of Vishnu. Ayodhya is one of the seven most holy cities of Hindus.

Today, Ayodhya is a popular destination for pilgrims and tourists who come to visit the Ram Janmabhoomi temple and other historical sites associated with Lord Rama. The city is also known for its rich cultural heritage and is home to several ancient temples, shrines, and other historical monuments. You can hire a car driver for outstation to explore the culture of lord Ram.

Tulsidas

Tulsidas (1541-1623) was an Indian writer. He wrote many books which are manifestations of Sanatan dharma and Indian ideology. His most famous book is the "Ramcharitmanas". This book was written in a language called Awadhi, a dialect of Hindi. The book tells the story of Lord Rama and his war and victory over Ravan, the king of Lanka. Rama fought for his wife Sita and brought her back from Lanka to Ayodhya. 

Another book written by Tulsidas is "Kavitavali".

Tulsidas was born in Soron sukar kshetra,kasganj, in what is now Uttar Pradesh, in Samvat 1589 or 1532 A.D. He was a Sarayuparina Brahmin by birth and is regarded as an incarnation of Valmiki, the author of the "Ramayana". His father's name was Atmaram Dubey and his mother's name Hulsi. Tulsidas conceived of god in the form of Rama. Tulsidas's composition 'Ramcharitmanas.' written in Awadhi is important both as an expression of his devotion and as a literary work. His devotion to the literary world is very important. He founded the Sankatmochan Temple dedicated to Lord Hanuman in Varanasi.

Tulsidas wrote several books which is famous among Indians and throughout the World.

Mathura

Mathura is a city in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, India. Mathura is a very old city, and one of the seven holy cities of the Hindus. It was an important city of Ancient India.


Pulitzer Prize

The Pulitzer Prize is an American prize given to journalism and literature. The prize is considered a very high prize. It is also given for musical composition of very high standard. Joseph Pulitzer started it. Columbia University in New York City awards the prize.

Prizes are given in twenty-one categories. The winner gets $10,000 cash award and a certificate. One of the twenty-one prizes is the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. 

Titan (mythology)

The Titans (, "Titânes" - "Straining ones") were members of the second generation of immortal beings in Greek mythology. Though many beings were referred to as Titans in the myths, the term is usually used in reference to the twelve children of Gaia and Ouranos.

They ruled the cosmos prior to the Olympians, with whom they fought for control of the universe in a series of battles known as the Titanomachy. The Olympians emerged victorious, as many of the Titans were cast into Tartarus. 

The first generation of Titans were the children of Gaia and Ouranos; known as the Ouranides or the Elder Titans, they were twelve in total. They were:

The second generation of Titans were mostly children of the original Twelve. These include the children of Okeanos and Tethys: the Potamoi, gods of rivers, and the Okeanides, who were three thousand in number, as well as the Nephelai, cloud nymphs. 

Then there was the offspring of Koios and Phoebe: sisters Asteria and Leto. 

Next came the children sired by Hyperion and Theia: Helios (the Sun), Selene (the Moon), Eos (the Dawn).

Afterwards came the sons of Iapetos and the Okeanid Asia/Klymene. Known as the Iapetionides, there were four of them: Atlas (the eldest), Prometheus and Epimetheus (who were twins), and Menoitios. 

Last but not least were the children of Krios and Eurybia (daughter of Gaia and Pontus): Pallas, Astraeus, and Perses, the latter of whom would go on to marry Asteria, with whom he sired Hecate, goddess of magic and witchcraft.

Turkish language

Turkish ("Türkçe") or Anatolian Turkic is a language officially spoken in Turkey and Cyprus. The language is also spoken by several million ethnic Turkish immigrants in Europe.

Turkish is a Turkic language. Turkish is most closely related to other Turkic languages, including Azerbaijani, Turkmen, Uzbek, Kyrgyz and Kazakh. Another theory is that it is one of the many Altaic languages, which also include Japanese, Mongolian, and Korean.

Mustafa Kemal Atatürk changed it to the Latin alphabet from Arabic alphabet. The Turkish government justified the move as making Turkish much easier to learn to increase literacy. The literacy rate indeed increased greatly after the reform, from around 10.5% (in 1927) to over 90% (today). Some say that the move was also to distance the country from the Ottoman Empire, whose documents can no longer be read except by a few scholars.

The Latin alphabet was made to reflect the actual sounds of spoken Turkish, rather than simply transcribing the old Ottoman Arabic script into a new form. The Turkish alphabet has 29 letters, seven of which (Ç, Ğ, I, İ, Ö, Ş, and Ü) have been modified with diacritics for the phonetic requirements of the language. It represents 20th-century Turkish pronunciation with a high degree of accuracy and specificity. It is the current official alphabet and the latest in a series of distinct alphabets used in different eras.


Titan

Titan can mean:

Phoebe (Titan)

Phoebe is a Titan in Greek mythology. She was associated with the moon. She is the daughter of Uranos and Gaia. She was married to her brother Coeus, and had two daughters: Leto and Asteria. Leto bore Artemis and Apollo, Asteria is the mother of Hecate.
The Olympians beat the Titans in the ten-year war. She and the Titans were summoned by Zeus to Tarturus, in the Underworld.

Phoebe

Phoebe can mean:

Rhea (mythology)

Rhea () is one of the Titans in Greek mythology. She is a daughter of Gaia and Ouranos. She was the sister and wife of Kronos. She was the mother of Hestia, Demeter, Hera, Hades, Poseidon, and Zeus). She was known as the "Great Mother" ("Magna Mater"). Rhea was not very important in the Ancient Greek religion. The Roman Rhea is Ops.

Scholars think Rhea’s name comes from the word ("rheo"), which means "flow" or "ease."

Uranus kept all his children in a prison. But the youngest child, Cronus, escaped. Gaia helped him defeat his father. Cronus became king in his place. He freed his brothers and sisters. He married his sister Rhea. Rhea and Cronus fought Ophion and Eurynome, daughter of Oceanus. Rhea could wrestle. She fought Eurynome herself. Rhea and her husband threw them into the ocean. Rhea and her husband became rulers in their place.

Cronus heard that one of his children would defeat him, the way he had defeated his father. When his children were born, he swallowed each one. They did not die. They were alive in his stomach. When Rhea had her sixth, Zeus, she hid him from Cronus. She gave Cronus a stone to swallow instead. She hid Zeus in Crete. When Zeus was grown, he would fight his father and save his brothers and sisters. They became the Olympian gods. Rhea stopped ruling as the queen of the gods. Instead of being a queen, she became a supporting goddess on Mount Olympus. She had some roles and stories in the new Olympian times. She was there when her grandson Apollo was born. She cared for her other grandson, Dionysus. When Hades kidnapped her granddaughter Persephone, Rhea went to stop Persephone's mother Demeter from crying. In the story of Pelops, she was reborn in the unlucky youth after he was killed.

Rhea and Aphrodite saved Creusa (the wife of Aphrodite's son Aeneas) from slavery after the fall of Troy. Rhea knew that the bodies of ships had been made from trees cut off on her holy mountains. So she the wood become sea nymphs.
The man Melanion wanted to marry Atalanta, and Aphrodite, goddess of love, helped him do it. But Melanion forget to thank Aphrodite for her help. So Aphrodite made the two couple having great passion for each other when they were near a temple of Rhea. The two then went to have sex inside the temple. This made Rhea very angry. Rhea turned them into lions.

Magnus II of Sweden

Magnus II of Sweden, or Magnus Henriksson (died 1161) was a Danish lord. He was King of Sweden between 1160 and 1161. 

His mother was Ingrid Ragvaldsdotter, a granddaughter of Inge I. His father was the Danish lord Henrik Skatelår.

Magnus killed Eric the Saint as he left the church in Uppsala on May 18, 1160. He ruled as king of almost all of Sweden. Then he was murdered by the men of Charles Sverkerson, the rival king, the year after.

Karl Sverkersson

Karl Sverkersson (c. 1130 – 12 April 1167) was the King of Sweden between 1160 and 1167.

Knut Eriksson

Knut Eriksson (born before 1150 – died 1195/96) was the King of Sweden between 1173 and 1195.

Sverker II of Sweden

Sverker II of Sweden ( 1165 - 17 July 1210) was the King of Sweden between 1196 to 1208. He was killed July 17, 1210 in the Battle of Gestilren.

Eric X of Sweden

Eric X of Sweden (Erik Knutsson, c. 1180 - April 10, 1216) was the King of Sweden between 1208 and 1216.

Erik was the son of King Knut Eriksson of Sweden, but his mother is now unknown. In 1205 he escaped from the Battle of Älgarås, where his three brothers were killed. He stayed for three years with family in Norway. He returned to Sweden in 1208 and defeated Sverker II of Sweden in the battle of Lena. He was married in 1210 to Rikissa of Denmark, the daughter of Valdemar I of Denmark and Sophia of Novgorod.

Eric was elected king, but the coronation took place only in November 1210, after the Battle of Gestilren where he again defeated and killed Sverker II. Sverker had attempted to regain the throne. King Erik's coronation is the earliest known coronation in Sweden. It was carried out by the bishop Valerius, a former supporter of King Sverker II.

In 1216, Pope Innocent III agreed that King Erik was King of Sweden, and also any other pagan lands he captured, probably Finland. Previously, Innocent III had supported Sverker II. Very little is known about King Erik's reign, but it is said that the crops were good while he was king.

Erik had several children: 

Erik died of a fever in 1216 at Nas Castle in Visingsö. He is buried in the Varnhems Church. 

Johan Sverkersson

Johan Sverkersson (c. 1201 – March 10, 1222) was the King of Sweden between 1216 and 1222.

Eric XI of Sweden

Eric XI of Sweden (Erik Eriksson) was the King of Sweden from 1222 to 1229, and from 1234 to 1250.

Westboro Baptist Church

The Westboro Baptist Church (WBC) is an American unaffiliated Baptist church known for its extreme opinions and protests, especially those against gay people. The church is widely described as a hate group.
It was originally headed by Fred Phelps and consists mostly of members of his large family. In 2011, the church claimed it had about 40 members. The church is in a residential neighborhood on the west side of Topeka about three miles (5 km) west of the Kansas State Capitol. Its first public service was held on November 27, 1955.
The church has been involved in actions against gay people since at least 1991. This is when it sought a crackdown on homosexual activity at Gage Park six blocks northwest of the church. In addition to conducting anti-gay protests at military funerals, the organization pickets other celebrity funerals and public events that are likely to get it media attention. Protests have also been held against Jews and some protests have included WBC members stomping on the American flag.
The WBC is not affiliated with any Baptist denomination. The Baptist World Alliance and the Southern Baptist Convention (the two largest Baptist denominations) have each denounced the WBC over the years. The church describes itself as following "Primitive Baptist" and Calvinist principles.

University of Chicago

The University of Chicago is a university in Hyde Park, Chicago, Illinois. It started when the American Baptist Education Society used money from John D. Rockefeller to build it. The university began in 1890. William Rainey Harper was the university's first president in 1891. The first classes were held in 1892.

Many people think it is one of the best universities in the world. Its students get a strong liberal arts education. The university also does important research work. Some of this research work is for the United States government.

The university is known for providing good education in economics (the study of the economy), linguistics (the study of language), social science (the study of society), and mathematics (the study of numbers). Physicists at the University of Chicago built the world's first man-made, self-sustaining nuclear reaction. The university spends $472 million on sponsored research each year.

The University of Chicago has had about 90 Nobel Prize winners. (The Nobel Prize is received for using one's intelligence to contribute meaningfully to society.)

The university has six graduate professional schools:


Shanghai Fugu Agreement

The Shanghai Fugu Agreement was a successful political prank which was landed on the Social Democrats in the German state of Hesse in 1985.

In 1985 the new Green Party prepared to enter into a German state government for the first time in its history. The first green cabinet minister in German history was going to be Joschka Fischer who later became minister of Foreign Affairs in the German Federal Government under chancellor Gerhard Schroeder. The 1985 Hesse coalition was to be based on an official policy agreement negotiated by both parties.

During a final night session of the negotiations the Greens tabled a demand that Hesse join the "Shanghai Fugu Agreement". This was accepted by their tired Social Democratic counterparts and became official state policy.

The Greens argued that the fugu fish is well known to be a dangerous delicacy requiring specialised chefs who mostly come from Asia. Due to expanding restrictions on work permits restaurants have found it difficult to employ such specialists. The "Shanghai Fugu Agreement" provides special regulations for certified fugu chefs internationally. 

The agreement was absolutely fictional but was neither discovered to be a joke by the Social Democrats during the nightly negotiations nor later by civil servants or the press who went through the coalition contracts. It took years to be discovered as the joke it was.

Siren (noisemaker)

A siren is a device that is able to produce a loud noise. Sirens can be found on emergency vehicles, like ambulances. They are also installed on buildings, to warn of tornadoes, or air raids.

Vehicles used by firefighters (fire truck), police officers (police car) and paramedics/emergency medical technicians (ambulance) are often fitted a siren to warn people that the vehicle is coming and to make a clear path, usually by pulling over. These vehicles often may break some traffic laws when traveling to an emergency. If other vehicles do not stop and make a path, an accident could happen.

In World War II, many nations installed air raid sirens in cities to warn when enemy planes were coming to attack with bombs. After the war ended these sirens were kept ready to sound, in case a new war started, due to the tense relationship between the United States and Soviet Union (USSR) (Now Russia) that existed from 1947 to 1991. As weapons have gotten faster, quieter and harder to spot, the ability to provide warning before a bomb or missile falls has become difficult. A number of countries, including the United States, now use their sirens to warn of severe weather, such as tornadoes, tsunamis; emergencies at dams, chemical plants and nuclear power stations.

Interval

An interval is what comes between two things. 

Washington Capitals

The Washington Capitals are an American ice hockey team in Washington, DC. They are a part of the National Hockey League (NHL). They won the Stanley Cup in 2018.


Rhea Silvia

Rhea Silvia is a woman from Roman mythology. In the legend about the founding of Rome, is the mother of the twin brothers Romulus and Remus. She was the daughter of Numitor Silvius, king of the city Alba Longa.

According to Plutarch, there are many versions of Rhea Silvia's story, and it is not clear which one is real. But this is one of the best known and most widely accepted: When Numitor's brother Amulius became king by force, he made Rhea Silvia become a Vestal Virgin, so she would not have children who could be kings instead of him. But the god Mars seduced Rhea Silvia and she had the twins Romulus and Remus. For Vestals, the punishment for having sex was death. So when people found out she was pregnant, Rhea Silvia was buried alive, which was the punishment for a Vestal Virgin who did not remain a virgin. Her sons were thrown into the Tiber by a servant, but were saved by the river god Tiberinus, who also saved Rhea Silvia and later married her.

The Tiber River that flows through Rome gets its name from Tiberinus. He married Rhea Silvia while the twins, Romulus and Remus, were raised by a she-wolf. When the babies were a few months old, a cowherd found them and raised them. When they were adults, they decided to build a city together. But they realized only one of them could be its king. The two men waited on opposite hills for an omen while their followers watched. At first, six vultures landed on the hill where Remus was waiting. The followers believed this would mean the city would last for six hundred years. But then twelve vultures landed on Romulus' hill and they named the city after him instead. Shortly afterword, Remus made fun of the city wall Romulus was building. Either one of Romulus' friends or Romulus himself hit Remus, and he died. The city was named after Romulus, Rome.


Virginity

Virginity means a state of purity or inexperience. Traditionally a virgin is a person that has not had sexual intercourse. Virginity has different meanings and importance in different religions and cultures.

Virgin women do not need to have an unbroken hymen. A hymen is a human tissue that partially blocks the opening of the vagina about two inches deep. When a man inserts his penis or other object(s) are inserted into the vagina, it can tear or break the hymen which may result in bleeding. This blood from the hymen is important in many cultures, as it is a sign that the woman is a virgin; even though it is not necessary for the hymen to be broken to signify a woman's lack of virginity. The hymen can also, however, be worn away naturally by riding a horse, playing sports, or other recreational activities; it can also heal over time just like torn human tissue can.

It is possible for a virgin to have a sexually transmitted disease, which was acquired by some other means: such as drug use, blood or plasma transfusions, close skin contact in the pubic area with infected people, oral sex, and other means.

In several polytheistic religions (religions with many gods), priestesses of certain gods have to be virgins, one notable exception is the Sumerian goddess Fauk'Stek, who was believed to have impregnated the sun god Loki and to have 'taught the Earth and its sons the glory of sacrifice'. In many cultures it is said that women should be virgins until marriage. In some cultures, women who are not virgins until marriage are ostracized or murdered.


Tethys (mythology)

Tethys is a Titan in Greek mythology. She is the titan of fresh water. Her parents are Gaia and Uranos. With her brother Okeanos her children are the river gods, the sea and spring nymphs, the Okeanids.

Sarajevo

Sarajevo is the capital city of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It has an estimated population of 436,000 people in the urban area including some municipalities from City of East Sarajevo which is the part of Republika Srpska entity. The city has people living in it from many different cultures. It has mosques, synagogues, and churches. The 1984 Winter Olympics were held in Sarajevo. The city is majority Muslim adhering to the Sunni branch of Islam.
During the Siege of Sarajevo, parts of the city were destroyed. Most of the city is now recovered and rebuilt. It was also the location of the death of Franz Ferdinand, Archduke of Austria in 1914 which triggered World War 1. The city was controlled by Austria-Hungary until 1918 and later by Yugoslavia from 1918 until 1992. The city was occupied by Germany when the Nazis invaded the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1941 until 1944 when Yugoslav Partisan Leader Tito and Joseph Stalin the Soviet Leader pushed the Nazis out of Yugoslavia in 1944 .


Iapetos

Iapetos, father of man kind and mountains, also known as Iaepetus or Japetus, is a Titan in Greek mythology. He is the son of Uranos and Gaia. With the Oceanid Klymene his children are Atlas, Prometheus, Epimetheus and Menoitios. 

After the war against the Olympians he was banned to the Tartarus with his brother, Kronos and all of the other Titans.

Kronos

Kronos (, "Krónos"; , "Cronus"), is the leader of the Titans and the Titan of time in Greek mythology. 

The son of Gaia (Mother Earth) and Ouranos (Father Sky), he was the youngest of his brothers. At the urging of Gaia, Kronos castrated his father, Ouranos, with a sickle and overthrew him, ruling the cosmos as king during the so-called Golden Age. Kronos married his sister Rhea, and sired the first generation of the Olympian gods: Hestia, Demeter, Hera, Hades, Poseidon, and Zeus.

In fear of a prophecy that told of him being overthrown by his own children, Kronos swallowed each of them as soon they were born. Only the youngest, Zeus, managed to escape this fate and, after freeing his siblings, waged war against Kronos and the other Titans. During this Titanomachy, the Olympians emerged victorious, and Kronos himself was cast into Tartarus. In some versions, Kronos was later freed by Zeus and became ruler of the Elysian Islands.

Kronos appears as the main antagonist in Rick Riordan's "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" series.

Okeanos

Okeanos (Latin: Oceanus) is a Titan in Greek mythology. He is titan of the earth-encircling river Okeanos. His parents are Gaia and Uranos. With his sister Tethys his children are the river gods, the sea and spring nymphs, the Okeanids.

Okeanid

The Okeanids or Okeanides () are the daughters of the Titans Okeanos and Tethys in Greek mythology. They were nymphs of the ocean, said to be three thousand in number. Many people also know these goddesses as lovers. 

Among them are:

Kreios

Crius or Krios (Ancient Greek: Κρεῖος or Κριός) is one of the Twelve Titans, the son of Gaia and Ouranos. The Titan god of the constellations, Krios ruled over the southern corner of the world, which he received as a reward for his part in Ouranos’ castration (he held down one of Ouranos’ arms). Like his brothers, Krios was cast into Tartarus at the end of the Titanomachy. His wife was the minor goddess Eurybia, daughter of Pontus and Gaia, with whom he sired Astraeus, Pallas, and Perses. 

Koios

Coeus is the Titan of intelligence in Greek mythology. With his sister Phoebe his children are Leto, and Asteria. 

After the war against the Olympians he was banned to the Tartarus.

Uranos

Uranos is the sky in Greek mythology. It is also spelt Ouranos, and in Ancient Greek: Οὐρανός - "sky" or "heaven". He is the son and husband of the primordial goddess Gaia and father of the Titans, Hekatonkheires, and Elder Cyclopes. 
His Roman equivalent was Caelus, the husband of Terra, as Gaia was known to the Romans.

The planet Uranus is named after Uranos. So is the radioactive chemical element uranium.


Gaia (mythology)

Gaia (Ancient Greek: Γαῖα), also spelled Gaea, is the personification of the Earth in Greek mythology. She was a primordial being, one of the first to have sprung forth from the void of Chaos. She is the mother and wife of Ouranos (Father Sky), with whom she sired the Titans, the Hekatonkheires, and the Elder Cyclopes. Other children of Gaia include Pontus (the sea), and the storm giant Typhon. Her Roman equivalent is Terra.

Gaia is the goddess of the Earth and these are her offspring as related in various myths. Some are related consistently, some are mentioned only in minor variants of myths, and others are related in variants that are considered to reflect a confusion of the subject or association. 

Erebos

Erebus is the god of darkness in Greek mythology. He came out of Chaos. He was also known to be the god fire; and he was that until Hephaestus took his place along with the ability of metal works. He is the twin of Nyx, the Goddess of Night. 

Mount Erebus and a small crater on Mars are named after the Greek God.

Kallisto

Kallisto or Callisto was a nymph in Greek mythology, a companion of Artemis. Zeus came to her looking like Artemis, and with him she was the mother of Arkas. Hera in her jealousy made Kallisto a bear. Then her son was looked after by Maia, a nymph. 


Semele

Semele is a person in Greek mythology. She is the daughter of Cadmus and Harmonia. She has a child called Dionysus. Her child grows up and becomes a god.
Semele was a priestess of Zeus. On one day, Zeus saw her as she killed a bull at his altar. She swam in the river Asopus to wash the blood off her body. Zues turned himself into an eagle and flew over the place where she was bathing. Zeus saw Semele and fell in love with her. He visited her many times, in secret.
Zeus' wife, Hera got jealous of the girls Zeus loved. She found out of his love with Semele. Semele became pregnant. Hera turned herself into an old woman. Hera became friends with Semele. Semele told her that her lover was Zeus. Hera pretended not to believe her. She made Semele wonder if her lover was lying about being Zeus. Semele asked Zeus to grant her a wish. Zeus promised on the River Styx to give her anything she wanted. She then told Zeus to come to her in his truest form. Zeus asked her not to ask this. But she did not change her choice. Zeus tried to spare her by showing her the smallest of his thunderbolts. Humans cannot look upon the gods without being burned, so Semele died, getting burned in a lightning fire. 

Zeus rescued Semele's unborn child, Dionysus. He sewed the fetal Dionysus into his thigh. Dionysus grew there until he was ready to be born. This is why Greeks called Dionysus "the twice-born."

When he grew up, Dionysus rescued his mother from underworld. Later, she became a goddess on Mount Olympus. She got a new name Thyone. She lived being inspired by her son Dionysus. At a later point in the epic poem "Dionysiaca" that tells the story, Semele, now reborn, boasts about her son to her sister Ino.


Robbie Williams

Robert Peter "Robbie" Williams (born 13 February 1974) is an English singer and occasional actor. In the United Kingdom, he has sold more albums than any other British singer. He has sold more than 70 million records worldwide.

Williams performed his first songs in 1990, with the group Take That. In 1995, he left Take That to start playing and writing music on his own. On 15 July 2010, he rejoined Take That. The group released a new album in November 2010. It became the second fastest-selling album of all-time in UK chart history and the fastest-selling record of the century.

After he left Take That, Williams' first record was the song "Freedom", which was written by George Michael. His first album was called "Life Thru a Lens". It was first sold in September 1997. At this time, Williams had many problems with alcohol and depression. "Angels", a song from his first album, became his most famous song. Because "Angels" was so successful, the album "Life Thru a Lens" became much more popular, and he sold more than three million copies of it in Europe.

Williams wrote "Millennium", which was a song based on the music from the James Bond films, for his second album, "I've Been Expecting You". "Millennium" became his first Number One in the charts. Two more songs from the same album, "No Regrets" (which Williams wrote with Neil Tennant and Neil Hannon) and "Strong", were both successful in the United Kingdom. Another song from this album, "She's The One", also became a number One song.

Williams was not very successful outside Europe until he made the album "Sing When You're Winning", which was first sold in August 2000. The song "Rock DJ" won many awards: for example, it was called "Best Single (song) Of The Year" at the BRIT Awards, and MTV gave Robbie Williams an award for the special effects in the video. At this time, Robbie Williams recorded a duet, "Kids", with Kylie Minogue. Many of his songs, for example, "Supreme" and "Better Man", became popular in many different countries.

In 2001, Williams recorded covers (copies) of several songs that had been performed earlier by Frank Sinatra. One of these songs was a duet with Nicole Kidman, called "Somethin' Stupid". Later in 2001, he began to sell the album "Swing When You're Winning". The album became successful very quickly. Altogether he sold 7 million copies. A song from the album, "Beyond the Sea", was used at the end of the film "Finding Nemo". At this time, he also recorded a song he had written, "Eternity", which was not on any albums. It was very successful and became a Number One song.

In 2002, Williams signed a contract to say he would work for the company EMI. He worked on his next album, "Escapology", for a year. Many people think that "Escapology" was different from Williams' earlier music. The album was very successful in Europe, but it was not so successful in America. For the video for the song "Something Beautiful", Robbie ran a competition. The winner of the competition pretended to be Williams in the video. In the end, he chose three winners, so he made three different videos for the song.

In 2004, Williams put his most popular songs together. He called this collection "Greatest Hits". There were also some new songs on this album, for example, "Radio".

In February 2005, the BRIT Awards TV show asked people to vote to answer the question "What was the best song between 1980 and 2005?" The winner was "Angels" by Williams.

In October 2005, Williams' sixth album, "Intensive Care", was first sold. Williams and Steven Duffy wrote the songs for this album. At this time, four of the singers from Take That went to London for a TV show. They asked Williams to come, but he said he did not want to come to London with them. The newspaper "The Sunday Mirror" said that the other singers were "gutted" (very unhappy and disappointed) because Williams would not come.

In 2006, Williams started to perform at concerts all over the world. He recorded his new song, "Rudebox", which was very different from his other songs. Many people did not like it, and the newspaper "The Sun" said that "Rudebox" was "the worst song ever". The song was quite successful, but the album, which was also called "Rudebox", sold fewer copies than any of Williams' other albums.

Williams worked with Guy Chambers and Mark Ronson for his next album, "Reality Killed the Video Star". The album was released on 9 November 2009 in the United Kingdom.

On 11 October 2009 Williams published a 12-track compilation album, titled "Songbook". It was a free CD for the newspaper "The Mail on Sunday". The CD is a one-off album of some of his biggest hits - including several rare live performances.

In October 2010 Williams released his second greatest hits album, "", to celebrate 20 years as a performing artist.

In June 2011 Robbie Williams said he was working with Gary Barlow on a new solo album.

He was the opening act at the Diamond Jubilee concert held outside Buckingham Palace on 4 June 2012.

Williams' ninth album "Take the Crown" was released on 5 November 2012.

On 15 November 2013 Williams' tenth album "Swings Both Ways" was released.

Williams lives in Los Angeles, in California. He has often said that he likes Los Angeles because he can feel free and private. Williams moved back to the UK in 2009. He bought an £8.5 million mansion in Compton Bassett, Wiltshire. It was nearby to close friend Jonathan Wilkes who lives in Swindon. Williams sold the mansion a year later to move back to Los Angeles.

He often has problems with alcohol, drugs and mental illness. He has often visited special hospitals to cure his addiction to alcohol and drugs.

Some people have suggested that Williams might be gay, but he says he has "never slept with (had sexual intercourse with) a man". In 2005, when MGN wrote an article that said Williams was gay, his lawyer made the writers give him compensation (money) because they had written libel (lies). He has had relationships with many women, including TV presenter Rachel Hunter and singer Nicole Appleton.

On 7 August 2010, Williams and long time girlfriend, actress Ayda Field, married at his home in Los Angeles. On 30 March 2012 Williams said that he and his wife would become parents for the first time. Their daughter Theodora Rose was born on 18 September 2012.

Studio albums as a solo artist
See also
Studio albums with Take That
Studio albums with Lufthaus

Hyperion (Titan)

Hyperion (, "Hyperíōn" - "The High-One") is the Titan god of light, son of Gaia and Ouranos. The eldest of his brothers next to Okeanos, Hyperion ruled over the eastern corner of the world, which was given to him as a reward for his part in Ouranos’ castration (he held Ouranos by his left foot). By his sister, the Titaness Theia, he is the father of Helios (Sun), Selene (Moon), and Eos (Dawn). He also married a nymph and gave birth to children who could do pharmica one of which was Circe. Hyperion fought against the Olympians in the Titanomachy, after which he was cast into Tartarus alongside his brothers. 

Bharata

Bharata has several meanings. Some of the meanings are given below:


Durga

Durga is one of the major deities in Hinduism worshipped as the supreme goddess and is known by different terms such as Shakti or Adi Parashakti. In Bengal, she is said to be the mother of Ganesha and Kartikeya as well of Saraswati and Lakshmi. She is considered a divine mother, a guardian, and a warrior who protects divine law and righteousness, and these are her main role.

Theia

Theia is a Titan in Greek mythology. She is the titan of sight. Her parents are Gaia and Uranos. With her brother Hyperion her children are Helios, Selene, and Eos. She was also considered the moons eyes because Selene was her daughter and Selene was the titan of the moon.

Themis

Themis is a Titan in Greek mythology. She is the titan of law and order. Her parents are Gaia and Uranos. She is also featured in the game Golden Sun 2 as the famous and one of the weakest weapons around the game called the Themis Axe.

Adi Shankara

Adi Shankara (also called Shankaracharya; 788–820) was an Indian religious philosopher. He was born in Kalady, in the Indian state of Kerala. He traveled to many parts of Ancient India. Shankara wrote many books in Sanskrit. He founded a branch of Hindu thoughts named Advaita. He wrote many books such as "Saundarya laharifor lauding Lakshmi". Shankara gave explanations for Brahma Sutra, Bhagavat Geeta, etc. His first guru was Gaudapada, who lived as a seer on the banks of river Narmada.He established for Maths in four extreme corner to spread the message of Advaita other all over the country. They are:
1. North-Jyotirmatha at Badrinath
2. West-Shardapitha at Dwarka
3. East-Govardhanmatha at Puri
4. South-Sringeri matha at Sringeri


Lake Garda

Lake Garda is the largest lake in Italy. In Italian its name is Lago di Garda.

It lies in the north of Italy between Venice and Milan, in the regions of Veneto, Lombardy and Trentino.

The lake is 51.6 kilometres long and 17.2 kilometres wide. It covers an area of 369.98 square kilometres.


Award

An award is something given to a person or group of people to recognize that they have done something very good. Usual awards are medal, trophy, ribbon, certificate, or plaque for example. Sometimes awards are called prizes, such as the Nobel Prize.

Awards can be given by any person or institution. Governments and militaries often give awards to their citizens for contributions they have made to the nation. This recognition can be given during the person's lifetime or even after they have died. In the United States if a military member receives a posthumous award it is generally presented to their family members or next of kin. This can include medals like the Medal of Honor; promotions to the next higher grade or naming a building or ship after them.

Some entertainment awards are:

Thetis

In Greek mythology, Thetis () is a sea nymph. She is one of the fifty Nereids, the daughters of Nereus and Doris. Like other sea figures, Thetis bore the gift of prophecy as well as the ability to change her shape at will. She was married to the mortal hero Peleus. Their son is Achilles.

Tirunelveli

Tirunelveli is a city in the southern part of Tamil Nadu, India. It is also called Nellai. Thamirabarani River flows through Tirunelveli.

Tirunelveli is famous for a sweet that is generally referred to as 'Alwa' in Tamil. There are tiny villages in and around Tirunelveli like Alwarkurichi, Kalidaikurichi, Rangasamudram, Cheran Mahadevi.
Tirunelveli is a city in Tamil Nadu state of southern India. It is the headquarters of Tirunelveli District. Tirunelveli is about 2000 years old and is a town of old tradition. Tirunelveli was the capital of the Pandya Kingdom for some time, next to Madurai. 

Tirunelveli is on the banks of the river Thamiraparani; it is on the way to Kanniyakumari from Madurai. It is a twin town - Thirunelveli and Palayamkottai. The town is about 650kilometers away from Chennai. 

The temple of Nellaiappar and Kanthimathi is in the centre of Tirunelveli. The temple is dedicated to Lord Shiva and worshipped as Nellaiappar. Thiru-Nel-Veli (Thiru - Shri, Nel = Paddy, Veli = Fence). It is believed that food grains collected for worship at the temple were protected from the floods by the fence, hence the name Nel Veli came. 

The famous Courtallam Waterfalls are in Tirunelveli District. Tirunelveli is famous for Tirunelveli halwa.

Domestic worker

A domestic worker or domestic servant is a person who works within the scope of a residence. A domestic worker is a paid employee. They are free to leave their employment if they wish. Many domestic workers are required by their employer to wear a uniform when in their employer's home.

In the Victorian era, Britain had many domestic workers. The butler was the most important one. At meal times he would be like a head waiter. Other male domestic workers were often called "valets". A valet (sometimes said with a silent "t") usually looked after his master’s clothes and comforts, and possibly looked after money matters as well. Female domestic worker were usually maids who cleaned, cooks who prepared the meals, and nannies who looked after the children. Gardeners did the gardening.

In the early 18th century, even some musicians were servants and had to wear livery (uniform). In 1717, when composer Johann Sebastian Bach said he wanted to leave his job, the duke he worked for put him in prison. In the 19th century, there were many domestic workers in Europe or the United States, as well as in other countries. In the early 20th century, new laws were made in Britain to protect domestic workers, and give them more rights.

Today in many parts of the world domestic workers from poorer countries are often employed by people in the richer countries.

To ensure the right of decent work for all kind of domestic workers including migrant workers, International Labour Organization has made Convention No. 189 on domestic workers.


Cassandra

Cassandra or Kassandra (, also 'Alexandra') was a person in Greek mythology. She was the daughter of King Priam of Troy and Hecuba, and twin sister of Helenus. She was famous for her prophesies of bad events.

The god Apollo gave her the gift of prophecy so that she would love him, but Kassandra did not want him. This made Apollo angry, but he could only change his gift and not take it away. So he made it that Kassandra could only foresee bad things, and that no one would ever believe her.

In the Trojan War Kassandra knew of the trick with the Trojan Horse, but no one believed her, and so Troy was destroyed. After the Trojan War she became a slave of Agamemnon. She warned him that his wife Klytaimnestra would kill him. But he would not believe her, and so Agamemnon was killed, and Kassandra shortly after him.

There is a work called "Alexandra" by Lykrophon. The poet is only known through this work which was done between 196 and 190 BC. The work has 1474 lines, which are done in jambic trimeters. This is what most Greek tragedies were written in.

Leda

Leda is a person in Greek mythology. She was the daughter of a king, and the wife of King Tyndareos of Sparta.

Zeus seduced her as a swan, and Leda laid two eggs. When they hatched, her children Helen, Klytaimnestra, Castor and Pollux) came out. Helen was a child of Zeus, and the myths vary on who was the father of the others. 

Tyndareus

Tyndareos (or Latin Tyndareus) was a character in Greek mythology. He was the king of Sparta, and husband of Leda.

He was the father of Klytaimnestra and Kastor. His wife Leda also had Helen and Polydeukes by the god Zeus.

Menelaos, husband of Helen, became the next king of Sparta after Tyndareos.

Telemachus

Telemachos (or Latin Telemachus) is a person in Greek mythology. He is the son of Odysseus of Ithaca and Penelope. While Odysseus was trying return home, many believed him to be dead. Suitors surrounded his home, trying to claim Penelope as their wife. Athena came to Telemachus in disguise and gave him advice. She told him to search for evidence that his father was still alive. If he was alive he could force the suitors away. However, if he believed his father to be dead, he would let one of the suitors claim her. He gathered a search party and set out to question many of the people Odysseus served with in the war. He decided that his father was dead. Telemachos held a competition for the suitors to claim Penelope. Odysseus showed up in secret, won the competition and rejoined his family.

Antonio Vivaldi

Antonio Vivaldi (born Venice, 4 March 1678; died Vienna, 28 July 1741) was an Italian composer. He was the most important composer in Italy at the end of the Baroque period. 

Vivaldi wrote more than 400 concertos for various instruments, especially for the violin. The scores of 21 of his operas, including his first and last, are still intact. His most popular work is the group of four violin concertos called "The Four Seasons". Each concerto describes a season: Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter. He is believed to be the inventor of the ritornello form.

Vivaldi probably was taught to play the violin by his father, who was professional musician. He trained to be a priest, and because of his red hair, he became known as "il Prete Rosso", which means "the red priest". He did not work as a priest for very long, and in 1703, he began teaching violin to girls at an orphanage in Venice, the Pio Ospedale della Pietà. The name means "Devout Hospital of Mercy". The girls were chosen because they showed exceptional musical abilities. They gave regular concerts, so as part of his duties Vivaldi wrote music for them to play. He lost the job between 1709 and 1711, when he was reappointed. He also took on the extra job of writing sacred music for the girls' choir. He continued teaching until 1716 when he was put in charge of all the music events. 

Vivaldi's music was becoming well known. During his break from teaching between 1709 and 1711 he wrote a large number of works including violin sonatas and concertos. In 1711 he wrote a collection of 12 concertos, "L'estro armonico op.3", for one, two and four solo violins was published by Etienne Roger in Amsterdam. This made him famous throughout Europe, and musicians coming to Venice would visit Vivaldi for lessons. Further new publications of his music made him even more famous. The first of his many operas, "Ottone in villa", was performed in 1713. His first oratorio, "Juditha Triumphans devicta Holofernis barbaric", was performed by the girls from the Pietà in 1716.

In 1718 Vivaldi left Venice and moved to Mantua, where he became the director of music for the governor, Prince Philip of Hesse-Darmstadt. He composed his famous "Four Seasons" as well as several operas during this time. He went to Rome in about 1721, where he performed on several occasions for the Pope. While he was travelling, he continued to write music for the girls at the Pietà, over the years he sent them about 140 concertos. He went to a number of cities in Europe to have his operas performed including Vienna, Verona, and Prague. He often went back to Venice to rehearse his music with the girls.

Even though his music was popular, Vivaldi did not make a lot of money from his music. As newer musicians, and more modern styles became popular, he found it more difficult to earn a living. He moved to Austria to play for royalty but when the king died, he became poor and had no way to return home. He died, a poor man, in Vienna, on 28 July 1741.

Agamemnon

Agamemnon () was a legendary king of Mycenae, as told in "The Iliad". The son of Atreus and Aerope, he was the brother of Menelaus, and the commander of the unified Greek forces in the Trojan War. His wife was Clytemnestra, with whom he sired Iphigenia, Electra or Laodike, Orestes and Chrysothemis. Homer's "Iliad" tells the story of his quarrel with Achilles, the greatest of the Greek warriors, in the final year of the war. Upon his return home from Troy, Agamemnon is murdered by Aegisthus, the lover of Clytemnestra. The story of his return home and subsequent murder is featured in the "Odyssey" (5.266). 

Menelaus

Menelaus (, "Menelaos" - "wrath of the people") is one of the central figures in Homer's "Iliad" and a hero of the Trojan War. He was the son of King Atreus and Queen Aerope of Mycenae, and the brother of Agamemnon. He was the king of Sparta. His wife was Helen of Troy, said to be the most beautiful woman in the world. She was kidnapped by Prince Paris of Troy. That caused the Trojan War, as Menelaus sought to get Helen back. Prior to the war, Menelaus had one child with Helen, a daughter named Hermione. 

Clytemnestra

Clytemnestra (or Klytaimnestra) was a person in Greek mythology. She was the daughter of King Tyndareos of Sparta and his wife Leda. She was married to Agamemnon, King of Mycenae. With him she had children Iphigenia, Elektra, Orestes and Chrysothemis.

After the Trojan War, Clytemnestra and her lover Aegisthos killed Agamemnon. Agamemnon had sacrificed their daughter, Iphigenia, to the Gods to have wind to set sail for war. Clytemnestra and Aegisthos are later killed by her son Orestes.

Percussion instrument

Percussion instruments are instruments which are played by shaking or hitting. There are many different kinds of percussion instruments. A person who plays a percussion instrument is a percussionist. Percussionists are usually able to play lots of different percussion instruments, because the basic skills required are similar.

Some percussion instruments can play tunes. These are called “tuned percussion”. Tuned percussion instruments include: xylophone, glockenspiel, vibraphone, tubular bells and timpani.

Untuned percussion instruments include: bass drum, side drum (snare drum), maracas, castanets, cymbals, tambourine, claves and many more.

In an orchestra there can be more different kind of percussion instruments than in the other families: string, woodwind and brass instruments. However, older music does not often use lots of percussion. Most music for orchestra by composers like Mozart and Beethoven only use the timpani. In the 19th century, more percussion is added: cymbals, tambourine, triangle etc. In the 20th century, some composers may use very many percussion instruments.

Whenever any unusual instrument is used that does not fit into the category of string, woodwind, brass or keyboard, it is usually played by a percussionist. Sometimes composers have used things like typewriters, milk bottles or vacuum cleaners in their pieces.

There are many different class of percussion instruments. There are for example:


Latin percussion instruments are used in American-Latin Music. The instruments are Maracas, Congs, Timbales...

Classic percussion instruments are used in the Harmony Orchestras. The instruments are Tampani, Bass Drum, Xylophone...

Drum kits can include bass drum, side drum, tom-toms, cowbells, cymbals (suspended and hi-hat) etc. Together with a string bass (double bass) they will form the “rhythm section” of a jazz group. A percussion player has to have a very good sense of rhythm. The other players rely on him or her to keep a steady beat and not to play so loudly that the others cannot hear the tune.

Modern percussion instruments are used in the Rock, Pop and Jazz music. There is just the drum set, but this is a percussion instrument with many possibilities. One can take for example a cowbell on the drum set or an tambourine. We have with the drum set uncountable possibilities.

Hurrians

The Hurrians or Khurrites were people who lived in and around northern Mesopotamia from about 2500 BC. They were a large ethnic group, and had some cities and kingdoms, but they also lived in small groups among other ethnic people. The first known piece of music to be written down was Hurrian.

Oneiroi

The Oneroi (Greek: "dreams") were the sons of Hypnos, the god of sleep in Greek mythology. They were the personification of dreams. They were Morpheus, Phobetor (or Ikelos) and Phantasos.

They lived in caves in the far west, near the gates of the Underworld. They were sent through one of two gates there. One gate was made of horn, from there the true or prophetic dreams come from. The other gate was made of ivory, from there the false and meaningless dreams come from.

They were shown as black-winged daemons. 

The most powerful of the Oneiroi was Morpheus. His brothers Phobetor and Phantasos shape parts of dreams, while Morpheus shapes the dream in general. Morpheus shapes human figures, Phobetor shapes animal figures and Phantasos shapes inanimate objects. Morpheus is still depicted in popular fiction today.

Malcolm X

El-Hajj Malik El-Shabazz (Arabic: ٱلْحَاجّ مَالِك ٱلشَّبَازّ‎, romanized: al-Ḥājj Mālik ash-Shabāzz, May 19, 1925 – February 21, 1965) also known as Malcolm X was an African American nationalist and civil rights activist. Before he became Malcolm X, his original name was Malcolm Stuart Little. Malcolm X's father was a Baptist minister whose skin was very dark, whilst his mother's skin was of a much lighter tone. His parents taught him to be proud of being black in an openly anti-black society. Malcolm X's father died when Malcolm was only six years old, leaving his mother in poverty.

In 1946, Malcolm was arrested at the age of 20 for armed robbery, but was released from jail 8 years later. He was introduced to the Nation of Islam and Islam while he was in jail, joining the Nation after he was released.

At first, Malcolm X's actions and speeches were mostly inspired by the beliefs and teachings of the Nation of Islam. He taught that all white people were bad. Once he learned that the leader of the Nation of Islam was in relationships with many women, he quit the group and changed his religion to Sunni Islam. He went on a pilgrimage to see the Islamic holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia. At this point, his opinions of white people got better, and he began to believe that white people could be good people, too. Malcolm X believed that black people should fight for their civil rights in any way they could, even if they had to become violent. He also thought that black people should support one another by shopping in stores owned by black people. He was critical of the civil rights movement.

Malcolm X had six children with Betty Shabazz. He had six grandchildren. Malcolm Shabazz was killed in May 2013. He also has two great-grandchildren.

On February 21, 1965, Malcolm X was shot multiple times in New York City after preaching about black rights. Three members of the Nation of Islam had a part in his murder.


Nereus

Nereus (Νηρεύς) is a sea god in Greek mythology. His parents are Gaia and Pontos. With the Okeanid Doris his fifty daughters are the Nereids, sea nymphs of the Mediterranean Sea.

James MacMillan

James MacMillan (born July 16, 1959) is a composer and conductor.

MacMillan was born at Kilwinning, North Ayrshire, Scotland. He studied music at the universities of Edinburgh and Durham. He writes a lot of music for the Scottish Chamber Orchestra. They play music at schools so that children can listen and join in with his music.

"The Confession of Isobel Gowdie" (1990) about a woman who lived in the 1600s. Many people believed in witches then. In 1662 Isobel Gowdie was accused and tried for witchcraft. It was an unusual trial. She confessed without torture, There is no record of an execution. She walked away after confessing.

"Veni, veni, Emmanuel" (1992) is like a percussion concerto. It is a piece for one percussion player who plays lots of percussion instruments, and an orchestra. The main tune is the medieval hymn tune "Veni, veni, Emmanuel" (also sung as "O come, O come Emmanuel"). Scottish percussionist Evelyn Glennie played it at a BBC Prom in 1992.

"Quickening" is music for a counter-tenor, two tenors, and baritone soloists; children’s choir, mixed choir, and large orchestra. It is about birth and new life. The children’s choir sing the words of the unborn baby. They stand on a balcony or somewhere far away from the other choir and the orchestra. Some of the words are “Glossalalia” (nonsense words). It was performed at a BBC Prom in 1999.


Polyphemos

Polyphemos (or Polyphemus) is a Cyclops in Greek mythology. He is the son of the god Poseidon and Thoosa. Polyphemos is a creature of strength and immense stupidity who broke the cardinal rule of hospitality in Ancient Greece. He lived in a cave on an island, and he had sheep. On the island also lived several other Kyklopes.

Polyphemos appears in Homer's "Odyssey". On his journey home to Ithaca after the Trojan War, Odysseus lands on the island of Polyphemos. They come to the cave where Polyphemos lives. Polyphemos comes back and he traps them in his cave placing a boulder in front of the entrance, also eating some of Odysseus' men. Odysseus then thinks of a plan to get away. He tells Polyphemos that his name is "Nobody", and gives him wine to drink. When he is sleeping, Odysseus and his men take a log from the fire and shape the end of it to a point and drive it into the Kyklops', Polyphemos, only eye, so he could not see them anymore. In agony he cries out to the other Kyklopes for help. When they ask what has happened, he says that "Nobody" hurt him, so the Kyklopes leave him. The next morning Polyphemos lets his sheep out of the cave, but touches their backs so no one of the men could ride out on them. But Odysseus and his men hold themselves on the underside of the sheep, and so they get out. When Polyphemos realizes that Odysseus got away, he cries out to the other Kyklopes again. They asked him what happened, and he said "Nobody hurt me.", and so the other Kyklopes went away again. When Odysseus was on his ship again, he called out in rage to Polyphemos saying that he, Odysseus was the one who had destroyed his eye. As Odysseus went away he mocked Polyphemos. This is hubris. Polyphemos was very angry and threw a rock at them, but it missed the ship. Then he pled with his father, Poseidon, for revenge that all of Odysseus' men should die and that Odysseus should only come home to Ithaca after ten years. All of it comes true, as is told in the "Odyssey".

Federated States of Micronesia

Micronesia, officially the Federated States of Micronesia, is an island nation in the Pacific Ocean, northeast of Papua New Guinea. The country is a sovereign state in free association with the United States. The capital city of Federated States of Micronesia is Palikir, Pohnpei.

The Federated States of Micronesia were formerly part of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, a United Nations Trust Territory under US administration. In 1979, they adopted a constitution, and in 1986 independence was attained under a Compact of Free Association with the United States. Present concerns include large-scale unemployment, overfishing, and overdependence on U.S. aid.

The Federated States of Micronesia is hundreds of small islands divided in seven territories in Micronesia. The term "Micronesia" may mean the Federated States or to the region as a whole. This area is in Oceania.

The first people here lived about 3000 years ago. Spain colonized the islands in 1886, but sold them to Germany 3 years later.



Pär Lagerkvist

Pär Lagerkvist (1891 May 23 – 1974 July 11) was a man from Sweden who wrote many books. In 1940, he was elected as a member of Swedish Academy. And in 1951, he won the Nobel Prize in Literature.

Thanatos

Thanatos is the god of death in Greek mythology. He is the son of Nyx and the twin brother of Hypnos, the god of sleep. 

Sigmund Freud, a famous psychologist, used the word in one of his theories. THANATOS was the god or personified spirit ("daimon") of non-violent death. His touch was gentle, likened to that of his twin brother Hypnos(Sleep). Violent death was the domain of Thanatos' blood-craving sisters, the Keres, spirits of slaughter and disease. He is often confused with Hades, who is the god of the dead and underworld, not death itself.

Thanatos plays a prominent role in two myths. Once when he was sent to fetch Alkestis (Alcestis) to the underworld, he was driven off by Herakles in a fight. Another time he was captured by the criminal Sisyphos (Sisyphus) who trapped him in a sack so as to avoid death.

Medication

Medication (also called medicine or pharmaceutical drugs) is the use of legal drugs to treat or cure an illness. Some drugs are freely sold. They are called over-the-counter (OTC) drugs. Other drugs are so powerful or dangerous that a doctor must give permission to use the drug. The note from the doctor is called a "prescription." These drugs are called prescription drugs, prescription medicines, or prescription only medicines (POM).

There are many different words used to describe important things about medications.

Dosage is how much medication needs to be taken to make the medication do what it is supposed to.

Dosage is very important because all medicines can be poisons if they are taken in large amounts. If a person takes too much of a medication, they can get very sick or even die. This is called an overdose. For example, if a person takes too much acetaminophen (also called paracetamol, Tylenol, or Panadol), they can badly hurt their liver.

Some dosages are based on age. For example, children often need less medication than adults. Others are based on body weight. Sometimes, normal dosages have to be changed if a person has certain medical problems, like kidney failure.

Action is what the medication is supposed to do: the helpful effects that the medicine is supposed to have on the body.

Many drugs have more than one action. For example, acetaminophen is an analgesic (it kills pain) and an antipyretic (it makes fevers go away).

An indication is a reason why a medication is given.

Many drugs have more than one indication. For example, acetaminophen's indications include pain and fever.

A contraindication is a reason why a medication should not be given.

Almost all medicines, even over-the-counter medications, have some contraindications. For example, acetaminophen should not be given to people who are allergic to acetaminophen. For these people, acetaminophen is "contraindicated," and another medicine should be used instead. Acetaminophen is also contraindicated in people who have liver disease.

A person takes a medication because they want it to do certain things. When the medication also does other things that the person did not want, these are called side effects. For example, acetaminophen can cause nausea. This is a side effect of acetaminophen.

Adverse effects are side effects that are dangerous or harm the body. For example, in some people, acetaminophen can hurt the liver. This is an adverse effect of acetaminophen.

Most medicines have many possible side effects. This does not mean that anyone who takes the medicine will have those side effects. For example, not everyone who takes acetaminophen gets nausea. A side effect is just a possible effect that a medicine can have on the body.

All medications have a few different names.

When a medication is first discovered, it is given a chemical name. This name describes the atoms or molecules in the medication. Usually, only scientists use this name.

For example, the chemical names for acetaminophen are N-acetyl-para-aminophenol and para-acetyl-amino-phenol.

Every country has one generic (official) name for every medicine.

In the United States, a medicine is given an official generic name after the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) says a it is safe to be sold. For example, acetaminophen is the official generic name used in the United States. (Paracetamol is the generic name used in the United Kingdom and some other countries.)

Sometimes, generic names come from a medicine's chemical name. For example, acetaminophen is named after N-acetyl-para-amino-phenol, and paracetamol is named after para-acetyl-amino-phenol.

Each company that makes a drug gives that drug a brand name. No other company is allowed to use this name.

For example, in the United States, the most common brand name for acetaminophen is Tylenol. One of the companies that makes acetaminophen (Johnson & Johnson) chose the name "Tylenol" for its acetaminophen. Another company that makes acetaminophen (GlaxoSmithKline) chose "Panadol" as its brand name. Like with most medicines, there are many other brand names for acetaminophen.

Some medicines have unofficial abbreviations. For example, acetaminophen is sometimes abbreviated APAP. This comes from the drug's chemical name: N-Acetyl-Para-Amino-Phenol.

No matter which of these names is used, they all describe the same medicine. For example, there is no difference between N-acetyl-para-aminophenol, acetaminophen, paracetamol, Tylenol, Panadol, and APAP.

There are many ways that medications can be given. These are called "routes of administration."

For most medications to work, they need to get into the bloodstream. The blood carries the medicine around the body and takes it where it is needed. The way a medication is given affects:

The most common way of giving medicine is "by mouth". The medicine comes in a pill or liquid that a person swallows.

When taken by mouth, medication gets into the bloodstream through the digestive system. It takes a while, usually 15–20 minutes, for the medicine to get through parts of the digestive system and get taken up into the bloodstream. Also, a very small amount of the medicine actually gets into the bloodstream. This is because acid in the stomach kills most of the medicine before it can be taken up into the bloodstream.

Medicines taken by mouth often last longer than medicines taken by other routes of administration.

Not every medication can be given by mouth. With some medicines, like insulin, the acid in the stomach will change the medicine or break it down so much that it will not work.

Some medicines can be given through a needle placed into a vein. This way of giving medicine is called "intravenous (IV)".

This is one of the fastest ways to get medicine into the bloodstream. Veins carry blood, so when a medication is given "intravenously", it goes right into the bloodstream immediately. It takes less than a minute for blood to flow around the entire body. This means that when given intravenously, a medicine will reach the brain within a minute or less. All of the medicine (100%) gets into the bloodstream.

However, IV medications will not last as long as medications given by mouth. This is because the body starts metabolizing medications (breaking them down so the body can get rid of them) as soon as the medicine gets into the bloodstream.

Not every medicine can be given intravenously.

Some medicines can be given through a needle placed into a big muscle, like the muscles in the upper arm, thigh, or buttocks. This way of giving medicine is called "intramuscular (IM)".

When a medicine is given "intramuscularly", the medicine gets into the bloodstream through smaller blood vessels in the muscles. This takes longer than an IV injection, because the medicine is not being injected directly into a blood vessel. However, the medicine still reaches the bloodstream faster than medicines given by mouth.

Also, not all of the medicine gets into the bloodstream because some of it gets caught in the soft tissue in the muscle and never reaches the blood vessels.

Some special medicines can be breathed in. This way of giving medicines is called "by inhalation" (sometimes abbreviated INH). This can be especially helpful for lung problems like asthma. Since the medicine is breathed right into the lungs, it can start working on the lungs right away.

There are many other routes of administration. For example:

There are many other routes of administration.

Many medicines can be given more than one way. For example, acetaminophen can be given by mouth, into the rectum, or into a vein.

Ahimsa

Ahimsa (also ahiṃsā, ahinsa, Sanskrit:अहिम्स) is a Sanskrit word which means "non-violence” or "non-injury". The practice of ahimsa is an important aspect of religions like Hinduism, Jainism and Buddhism. A person who practices ahimsa generally eats vegetarian foods. A religious person who practices ahimsa does not take part in animal sacrifice.

In twentieth century, Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and Martin Luther King each followed a path of Ahimsa, though in different ways. They struggled without fighting, while asking for the rights of their followers.

The concept of ahiṃsā forms the base of Buddhism. In Buddhism, the first of the five basic vows ("precepts") that are undertaken voluntarily by those who practice, is "I undertake the training rule to abstain from killing". In Buddhism, killing any living being out of passion is considered 'hiṃsā' (injury) and abstaining from such act is 'ahiṃsā' (non-injury or nonviolence).

Kabir

Sant Kabir Saheb also known as Kabir Das and Kabir Saheb was born on 1398, in Varanasi and brought up in a Muslim weavers family by Niru and Nima. He was a mystic poet and a musician. He was one of the important saints of Hinduism and also considered a Sufi by Muslims. He is respected by Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs. He was a disciple of saint Swami Ramananda. He was never formally educated and was almost completely illiterate. According to legend, the only word that he ever learned how to write was "ala". Kabir Sahib ji also told information about the Supreme God through his couplets and poems.

It is because of poetry that Kabir is held in high esteem all over the world. Another beauty of Kabir's poetry is that he picks up situations that surround our daily lives. Thus even today, his poetry is relevant and helpful in both social and spiritual context. Following him means understanding one's inner self, realizing oneself, accepting oneself as is, and becoming harmonious with one's surroundings.
Kabir das has written many poetries and songs. All of his recorded verses are in Hindi. His lyrics are characterised by a free use of the vernacular, and is unfettered by the grammatical bonds of his day. It is this quality which has made his philosophy accessible to generations of Indians. He always helped others.

Saint Kabir's Dohe (दोहे) is full of meaning and teachings. He believed God is one and people just worship him with different names and nicknames. Kabir has written the famous Dohe in Hindi. Kabir's poems were in vernacular Hindi, borrowing from various dialects including Awadhi, Braj, and Bhojpuri.

Indus River

The Indus River is the greatest river on the western side of the subcontinent. It was the birthplace of the bronze age Indus Valley civilization and the Gandhara civilization. Indus river is the national and the longest river in Pakistan. It flows through Tibet, Ladakh and throughout Pakistan. It is one of the main rivers of the Indo-Gangetic Plain.

The river is 3180 km long. It is Pakistan's longest river. The river has a total drainage area exceeding 1,165,000 km2 (450,000 sq mi). Its estimated annual flow stands at around 207 km3 (50 cu mi), making it the twenty-first largest river in the world in terms of annual flow. It discharges about 6,600 cubic meters per second. 

The word "Indus" and the cognate word "Hindu" are derived from "Sapta Sindhu" (Sanskrit for "seven rivers") for the region is ancient. The Ancient Greeks used the word "Indós"; "Hinduš" was Old Persian; "Sindhu" in Sanskrit. Latest languages on the sub-continent use either "Sindh" (modern Sindhi) or "Sindhu" (ancient Sanskrit) or very similar words. The name of India and Indonesia are derived from the Indus river of Pakistan.

Over 70% of the total area of the Indus drainage basin is in Pakistan. India, Tibet and Afghanistan also hold some part of the Indus basin catchment area. 

The Indus water system of rivers comprises the main Indus and its major tributaries: the Kabul River and Kurram River on the right bank, and the Jhelum River, Chenab River, Ravi River, Beas River and the Sutlej on the left. The first two join the Indus soon after it leaves the mountains, and the others lower down in the plains. The whole of the Beas and the head reaches of the Ravi and Sutlej are in the Republic of India, while those of the Chenab and Jhelum lie mostly in the disputed Kashmir state. 

The entire basin covers an area of about 384,000 square miles of open land, of which 204,000 lie in Pakistan. In addition, there are about 29,000 square miles which lie outside the Indus basin but are dependent on the Indus river system for their water requirements and irrigation supplies.

Without the Indus waters, agriculture in Pakistan would be very uncertain, because there is not much rain. Even now when Pakistan is being rapidly industrialised, it needs its water resources, because much of its industry uses agriculture produce for its raw materials. Almost all of the basin in Pakistan receives an overall rainfull of less than 15 inches, 60% of its area receiving less than 10 inches, while, 16% receives less than 5 inches. The rainfull is not evenly distributed throughout the year but is concentrated during the monsoons.

Rising in western Tibet, the Indus runs at first across a high plateau, then the ground falls away and the river, dropping rapidly, gathering momentum and rushing north-west, collects the waters from innumerable glacier-fed streams, and runs north-west between the world's greatest mountain ranges, the Karakoram and the Himalayas. In Kashmir it crosses the United Nations cease-fire line and, in Baltistan District, enters Azad Kashmir. From here on it is Pakistan's river; Pakistan's first town on the upper Indus, Skardu, at 7,500 feet above sea-level, stands on a bluff near the junction of the Indus and one of its great right-bank tributaries, the Shigar. The majority of the people live in Skardu town; others inhabit small and scattered villages along the Indus and Shigar valleys, or tiny hamlets high on the surrounding mountains.


Jagannath

Jagannath is a form of the God Shri Krishna. The biggest temple of Jagannath is in Puri, Odisha, India. He is worshipped in Odisha, Jharkhand, Bihar and rest parts of the Indian Subcontinent.

Patanjali

Patañjali (fl. 150 BC or 2nd century BC) lived in the 2nd century. He was an Indian. He wrote the first grammar of Sanskrit language. He also wrote books about yoga.
He is also the author of the Mahabhyasa, a commentary on Katyayana's varttikas on Panini's Astadhyayi as well as an unspecified work of medicine (Ayurveda). 

Calypso

Kalypso or Calypso is a nymph in Greek mythology, who lives on the island Ogygia. This island was so hidden that no man would find it twice. Calypso was the daughter of Atlas so she was placed on the island and not allowed to leave.

In the "Odyssey", the hero Odysseus comes to her island after escaping from the sea, and the death of his men. Odysseus stayed with her for seven years. But then the god Hermes came and told her that the gods said that she had to let Odysseus go. Calypso promised Odysseus immortality (that he would live forever) if he stayed, but he wanted to go back to his wife Penelope, and so he left her. She can be seductive at times.

List of dialects of English

There are several dialects of English used in different parts of the world.









Music theory

Theory of Music is all about trying to understand how existing music works and how new music could or should be organized. Someone who makes a special study of music theory is a music theorist.

People who make their own music are composers. People who play or sing music are “performers”. It is important for both composers and performers to understand what makes the music sound the way it does. In the times of the Ancient Greeks the famous philosopher Pythagoras tried to explain how instruments are tuned. He understood the science of the good vibrations that the instruments make and explained how and why the octave is divided into twelve parts(in some cultures).

In the Middle Ages there were several famous music theorists who wrote books about music theory. Their ideas are interesting for us because they tell us what people thought about music at that time.

In the 18th century some composers wrote books on music theory. Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach (son of the famous Johann Sebastian Bach) wrote a book called: “An Essay on the true art of playing the Keyboard”. Leopold Mozart (the father of the famous Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart) wrote a book called "The Art of Playing the Violin". Both these books were extremely well known in their day. In spite of their titles the first halves of these two books are both about a branch of music theory called "performance practice": They tell us a lot about how music was played in those days, how some rhythms were played quite freely and how ornaments in the music were played.

Today people who want to compose will study music theory, perhaps at college or university school of music. In a conservatory program, they study harmony and counterpoint as well as form; in other programs, they spend less time on the theories of the past. They will be taught “rules”. These rules are not laws, they simply mean: the way that most great composers wrote music in the past. These rules describe what composers of the past did, rather than telling composers of today what to do -- in fact, music composed today can have completely different rules than the music of the past. 

Music theory is important for people who perform music because all these things help people to understand the music they are playing.

Ravana

According to Hindu epic, Ravana (IAST : Rāvaṇa; / ˈrɑːvənə) was a demon king of the island of Lanka.

In the Ramayana, Ravana is described as a symbol of evil, though a learned scholar well versed in the Vedas. He appears as the primary antagonist, and is said to be the most revered devotee of Shiva, with his image being associated with him at some places. He also appears in several Buddhist and Jain texts.


Capitol - Lankapura

Alakamandhaawa, Thapo wanaya, Gokannaka



Devaki

Devaki was a woman mentioned in the Mahabharata. Her father’s name was Devaka, and she was the younger sister of Kansha, a cruel king of Mathura of Ancient India. Devaki was married to Vasudeva, a son of Sureshana. Krishna, an avatar of Vishnu (a god of Hindus) was son of Devaki and Vasudeva.She was Krishna's real mother.

She had 8 sons in total including Krishna. The first six of her children were killed by her brother Kansa. The seventh time there was a miscarriage and Balaram got carried to Mother Rohini's womb. All the time she was in prison by Kansa till he released them out of pity. You can find more at the book Krishna by His divine Grace A.C Bhaktivedanta Swami Srila Prabhupada.

Ayurveda

Ayurveda () is an alternative medicine system from the Indian subcontinent. Ayurveda is [pseudoscientific]. The Indian Medical Association (IMA) says the practice of modern medicine by Ayurveda is quackery. Ayurvedic texts say that the gods of Hindu mythology gave medical knowledge to legendary Hindu philosophers, who then gave the knowledge to human physicians. The word "ayurveda" is from the , , and means knowledge of life and longevity. 

Ayurveda therapies have varied and evolved over more than two millennia.Therapies include herbal medicines, special diets, meditation, yoga, massage, laxatives, enemas, and medical oils. Medicines are typically based on complex herbal compounds, minerals, and metal substances (perhaps under the influence of early Indian alchemy or "rasa shastra"). Ancient Ayurveda texts also taught surgical techniques, including rhinoplasty, kidney stone extractions, sutures, and the extraction of foreign objects.

In Ayurveda, the story is that Dhanvantari, the Hindu god of Ayurveda, made himself into a human king by incarnation. He was king of Varanasi, and taught Ayurvedic medicine to a group of physicians. One of these physicians, named Sushruta, wrote the "Sushruta Samhita" ("Sushruta's Compendium"), an Ayurvedic text that has this story in it. 

Most Ayurvedic therapies are made from chemical compounds taken from plants, from minerals, and from metals. In ancient India, Ayurvedic texts gave explanations for surgeries and for the stitching of wounds to help wound healing. The ancient Indians knew how to take out kidney stones and how to do rhinoplasty (plastic surgery for the nose). People have used many different Ayurvedic therapies through the history of India. Ayurveda has changed for more than two thousand years. In the 1970s and 1980s, Ayurveda also changed for consumption in the Western world.

Some people say Ayurveda comes from Prehistory. Some ideas in Ayurveda may have been in existence at the time of the Indus Valley civilization, during the Bronze Age in India. During the Vedic period, Ayurveda went through many developments. Outside the tradition of the Vedas, Buddhism and Jainism also shared some ideas with the Ayurvedic texts from ancient India. By around two thousand years ago, Ayurveda had developed some of its ideas for surgery and drugs.

There is no good evidence that works or helps for any disease. Some Ayurvedic products have lead, mercury, and arsenic in them. In 2008, nearly 21% of Ayurvedic products sold on the internet and made in India and the United States had in them lead, mercury, and arsenic (heavy metals) in quantities that are toxic. There may be public health dangers that result from this, but that is not known.


Ganges

The Ganges (English pronunciation: /ˈɡændʒiːz/ GAN-jeez), also called the Ganga (, , ; Ganga IPA: [ˈɡəŋɡaː] ( listen); Bengali: গঙ্গা Gonga), is the third largest river on the Indian subcontinent by discharge. The Ganges river is named after a Hindu goddess called Ganga. Geographers, Historians and Mythologists alike regard Ganges as the heart of Indian culture, tradition and living.

The government declared that the Ganges river between Allahabad and Haldia is National-Waterway No.1. The river has many industrial towns like Patliputra, Kannauj, Kanpur, Kara, Prayagraj, Varanasi, Ghazipur, Bhagalpur,Munger, Murshidabad,Baharampur and Kolkata on its banks. The Ganges Basin drains 1,000,000-square-kilometre (390,000 sq mi) and supports one of the world's highest densities of humans. The average depth of the river is 52 feet (17 m), and the maximum depth, 100 feet (33 m).

The river starts from a glacier called Gangotri Glacier, which is in the Garhwal region in Himalayas. The Ganges flows through north India, and ends at the Bay of Bengal in eastern India. Overall it flows 3,877 km making it one of the longest rivers in the world. Its watershed is 907,000 km² broad. The major rivers which flow into the Ganges are Brahmaputra River, Gomti, Kosi river, Gandak, Ghaghra river, Yamuna river and Son river.

The Ganges flows only 200 km through the Himalayas. The river touches plain land in the Rishikesh region near Haridwar in Uttarakhand. Then it passes through the towns of Kanpur, Soron, Kannauj, Allahabad, Varanasi, Patna, Ghazipur, Bhagalpur, Mirzapur, Ballia, Buxar, Saidpur, and Chunar. At Allahabad, the river joins with Yamuna river.
At Pakur, the river divides itself into two distributaries, viz.- the Bhāgirathi-Hooghly and the main stream. Bhāgirathi-Hooghly in the later course forms the Hooghly River. The main stream Ganges enters Bangladesh.
Near the border with Bangladesh the Farakka Barrage controls the flow of the Ganges by diverting some of the water into a feeder canal which has link with the Hooghly river to keep it relatively silt-free. The river breaks up into multiples branches at its delta. 

There is a lot of pollution in the Ganges because many locals tend to release their waste into it. This causes a lot of sicknesses like cholera, hepatitis, typhoid, and amoebic dysentery. The presence of coliform bacteria in the waters has increased well above normal. This is a major cause of water pollution. These diseases cause about a third of the deaths in India every year. That is why the government has started a multi-crore project called the Ganga Action Plan (GAP). 

During the early Vedic Age, the Indus and the Sarasvati River were the major rivers of the Indian subcontinent, not the Ganges. But the later three Vedas seem to give much more importance to the Ganges, as shown by its numerous references. Possibly the first European Traveler to mention the Ganges was Megasthenes (ca. 350 – 290 BCE). In Rome's Piazza Navona, "Fontana dei Quattro Fiumi" (fountain of the four rivers) was designed by Gian Lorenzo Bernini and built in 1651. The art-work symbolizes four of the world's great rivers (the Ganges, the Nile, the Danube, and the Río de la Plata), which is to represent the four continents (Australia and Antarctica were unknown then).

Hindus regard the Ganges as not only a river but also a mother, a goddess, a tradition, a culture, and much more. In Hinduism it is considered holy to take a pilgrimage to the Ganges and take a dip. Many Hindus believe that bathing in the Ganga can purify a person's soul of all past sins, and some believe that it can also cure illnesses. So, many Hindu families keep Ganga water in their homes as they consider it to be very pure. The holy towns like Haridwar, Prayagraj, Kanpur, and Varanasi attract thousands of pilgrims. Thousands of Hindu pilgrims arrive at these towns to bathe in the Ganges. In Hinduism people's ashes are consecrated into the Ganges as it is a sacred river.
According to Hindu Puranas a king named Bhagiratha did Tapasya for many years to bring the River Ganges. Ganges was then residing in the Heavens. By the help of pure Ganga waters, Bhagirath wanted to release his ancestors of a curse. Therefore, the Ganges descended to the Earth to make the earth pious, fertile and wash out the sins of humans.

The water of the Ganges is used extensively in agriculture in the fertile Gangetic plains. Chief crops cultivated in the area include rice, sugarcane, lentils, oil seeds, potatoes, and wheat. 
Along the banks of the river, the swamps and lakes provide a good growing area for crops such as legumes, chillies, mustard, sesame, sugarcane, and jute. Fishing is also done in the Ganga waters.
Industries which require a large amount of water are set up on the banks of the river. The Ganges is popular for river rafting, which attract many adventurers in the summer months. Tourism is also a related activity in modern times.


Arges

Arges, Argeş, or Argeș might mean:



Sita

In Hinduism, Sita was the daughter of Janaka and wife of Rama, an avatar of god Vishnu. The word Sita means “furrow”, that is, the line created on the farm when it is ploughed. She is believed to be the daughter of Bhūmi in many legends. 

There is a story about Sita's birth. Her father Janaka was ploughing the land and a furrow was formed. From that furrow a baby girl came out. Janaka took the girl as his daughter and named her Sita.

In Hinduism, Sita is considered a form of the goddess Lakshmi. Sita is worshiped for her greatness and for her loyalty. She was the goddess of loyalty and her responsibility.

Halimah bint Abi Dhuayb

Halima Sadia was an Arabic Beduin woman. She was a foster mother and took care of the prophet Muhammad for the first six years of his life. Halimah and her husband were from the tribe of Sa'd b. Bakr (a large North Arabian tribe).

Foster mothers came to Mecca to feed children. It was the custom at that time in Makkah that families send their children to live for a while with a nurse who lived in the desert. This was healthier for their bodies to be around a natural environment instead of living in the city. They preferred that the fathers of the children they took care of were still alive. Although Muhammad's father was dead, Halimah took him just eight days after he was born. He grew up in Hudaybiyah, then in Medina before he was returned to his mother, Aminah bint Wahb.

Years after Muhammad's mother died and he became married to Khadijah, Halimah came to him complaining of her poverty. He asked Khadijah to give her 40 sheep. After Muhammad got his first revelation, Halimah and her husband came to Muhammad and embraced Islam. When she came to Muhammad on the day of Hunayn, he took off his robe and put it on the ground for her to sit.

When the group of foster mothers arrived at the Makkah city and they picked up most of the children, the last nurse arrived with her husband (Al-Harith) riding a donkey and old camel. She found only one orphan boy who had no father to pay her. She was ready to go back but she did not want to return without a baby. She decided to go back and pick up the orphan. As soon as she lifted that boy, her life changed and became filled with immense good fortune and blessings. The old camel, which had not given a drop of milk, was soon over flowing with milk. Although she was the last women leaving makkah on her donkey, she passed her friends. This was indeed a great blessing for her and for this poor Bedouin family.

After two years, Muhammad was returned to his mother Amina. She told Amina about the great blessings that she had received when Muhammad was in her care, but soon, Amina was persuaded by Halima and her husband (Al-Harith) to return the child back with them for another two years to protect him from a spreading disease in Makkah.

Khadijah bint Khuwaylid

Khadijah bint Khuwaylid () (555 - 619) was the first wife of Muhammad, an Islamic prophet. Her nickname was Khadijah al-Kubra. She was known by the special names Thahira and Ummu Hinth. She was the daughter of Khuwaylid ibn Asad and Fatimah bint Za'idah. Khadijah is widely known as the first person to convert to Islam. Khadijah is known as "Umm-al-mu'minin" which means "the Mother of the Believers".

Khadijah had six children with Muhammad.

555

555 was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.


619

619 (DCXIX) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.



Sarasvati (disambiguation)

Sarasvati may mean several things. Some of the meanings are written below:


Sarasvati River

Sarasvati River was one of the major rivers of Ancient India. The river flowed through parts of western and northern India. Then in Allahabad, the river merged with the Jamuna River.

At one time, Sarasvati was a deep river. The river dried up and became lost over a few hundred years, possibly between 2000 and 1500 BC.

Ming dynasty

The Ming dynasty was the family of emperors who led China from 1368 to 1644. The name is also used to talk about the that they led and the 276 years in Chinese history that it lasted.

It is also famous for its pottery from Jingdezhen in Jiangxi and Dehua in Fujian.

The Ming dynasty is known in Chinese as the "Míng". This is written as in Chinese characters. The character is a sun () and a moon () together and means "bright". Chinese uses different words to talk about the different meanings of a Chinese "dynasty" in English: their government is called the "Míng cháo" , their country is called the "Dà Míng dìguó" ( or , and their time in Chinese history is called the "Míng dài" .

Unlike in English, the name of the dynasty is not the same as the family name of the leaders. The family that led China during the Ming were the Zhūs. This is written as in Chinese characters. Today, it is just a common Chinese family name, but at that time it meant a kind of red coloring made from cinnabar (HgS). 

The Yuan dynasty before them had been part of the Mongol Empire started by Genghis Khan. The Yuan dynasty was established by Kublai Khan. Its emperors had been Mongolian people, but most of China was Han Chinese. To keep their power, the Yuan used a Chinese kind of government of Three Departments and Six Ministries, with imperial examinations. Their laws gave special powers to Mongolian people, though, with other people from other countries ("Semu") placed second, northern Chinese third, and southern Chinese last. They were especially nice to Tibetan Buddhists and gave many important jobs to Muslims, although they also made Muslims break some rules and eat like Mongolians. Some Muslims were angry and started to fight the Yuan. Many people began to fight after the 1340s. The Black Death killed many people and the government did not keep up the work needed to stop the Yellow River from killing people when it flooded. The Red Turbans began fighting in 1351 and its best leader Zhu Yuanzhang made the Yuan emperor Toghun Temür run away from the capital city Khanbaliq (now inside Beijing) in 1368.

When Zhu Yuanzhang took Khanbaliq, he said that the Yuan was over and that his family would be a new dynasty called the Ming. He said that 1368 was the 1st year of the Hongwu Era and became known as the Hongwu Emperor. Toghun Temür and other Mongolians still fought him, but now they were known as the Northern Yuan and the Ming became the real government of most of China.

The Hongwu Emperor had many sons and made them the leaders of the 13 different parts of China. He did not stay in Khanbaliq. He made his old base Yingtian (today's Nanjing) into the new capital city. He wanted China to be more traditional and more Chinese, so he ended most government support for other religions and made Christianity against the law. He wanted China to take care of itself, so he ended most buying and selling of things from other countries. He made a list of rules for his family, and they mostly followed them during the rest of the Ming.

The oldest son of the Hongwu Emperor died before him, so the next emperor was his grandson the Jianwen Emperor. The Jianwen Emperor was about 20 years old and didn't like the power of his many uncles. He started taking away their power, sending them away, or even making them kill themselves. The uncle leading Beiping (old Khanbaliq and now Beijing) was named Zhu Di. He pretended to be crazy so that the Jianwen Emperor would be less afraid. The emperor even let his three sons—kept in the capital city to be sure of their father's good behavior—go north see him. Zhu Di then began a war against his nephew.

At first, Zhu Di said his war was only against the "bad helpers" who told his nephew to hurt their family. When his war was successful and he took Yingtian (now Nanjing), he made himself the Yongle Emperor. He said that his nephew had never been the real emperor and killed many people in the old government. He did not trust the people in Yingtian, so he made Beiping the main capital city. The southern capital then became known as Nanjing and the northern capital Beijing, the names they continue to use today. In Beijing, he built a new home which became the Forbidden City.

The Yongle Emperor did not like many of the people in government who got there by doing well on their tests. He gave more power to eunuchs, men who were hurt as children to stop them from being able to have children of their own. One of these was Zheng He, a Muslim who led great treasure ships south from Suzhou and Nanjing in 7 big trips between 1405 and 1433. The first trips may have been looking for the Jianwen Emperor, but they also became trips that taught China about the South China Sea and Indian Ocean and opened up more buying and selling between their countries and China.

The Mings' main capital of Beijing fell in 1644 to a rebellion led by Li Zicheng, who established the Shun dynasty. This was soon replaced by the Manchu-led Qing dynasty. The people who still liked the Ming continued to fight as the Southern Ming up to 1683.

The Ming Empire has been described as "one of the greatest eras of orderly government and social stability in human history". It was the last Chinese dynasty led by the Han Chinese, not counting the short-lived governments of Li Zicheng and Yuan Shikai. It is also famous for its pottery from Jingdezhen in Jiangxi and Dehua in Fujian.

Saraswati

Saraswati is one of the Hindu goddesses. The Vedas also mention her name. She is the goddess of speech, learning and knowledge. The legend states that she created the Sanskrit language and invented the vina, a musical instrument similar to a lute. The legend also says that she is the wife of Brahma, one of the gods of the Hindus.

Mata Saraswati was born from the Samudra Manthan that arranged between the Devatas and the Asuras. She was born from the sea and was married to Lord Brahma thereafter. In another legend, Brahma created her by his imagination. However, she turned out to be so beautiful that he could not takes his eyes off her. Since he had five heads - four in the four cardinal directions - and one on top, his head kept turning in whichever direction Saraswati went.

Saraswati is mentioned in the Vedas, the Brahmans, the Aranyaks, the Upanishads and the Mahabharat. She is dressed in white, carries a book and a lotus. Her favorite instrument is a lute and she rides a swan. Generally, an image or a statue of Saraswati shows her with four arms. Two arms hold the vina. In other arms she holds a book and a lotus flower.

Holi

Holi is one of the major festivals of Hindus. It is celebrated in South Asian countries, especially in India and Nepal. Hiranyanaksap wanted to kill his son, so he called his sister, Holika. She had a magic robe. This robe had the power to save the wearer from burning in fire. Hiranyakashyap ordered his sister to sit on a burning fire along with Prahlad. He thought that his sister would not be harmed by the fire of the magic robe and Prahlad would be burnt to death. But the result was the opposite of what the evil demon king planned.

Thus Prahlad came out of the burning fire safely and Holika was burnt to death. Holi is the festival of colours. It is celebrated with colors to mark the victory of virtue and goodness over evil.

The festival is celebrated for two days. The 2nd day, Rang Panchami marks the closing day of the Holi festival.

People are seen with different varieties of colors on Holi. They put colors on each other, sing, dance. They worship Lord Krishna and put colors on his idol.

Families gather together and Parvi the whole day...


Beaminster

Beaminster is a town in Dorset, England. The town has a population of 3,000. Beaminster is known for a nine-day music and art festival called the Beaminster Festival. The festival is held every year.

Electronic music

Electronic music is music which is made with electronic equipment such as synthesizers or computers. Sometimes electronic music artists create special sounds using tape recorders too.

After World War II, when tape recorders had been invented and were becoming popular, composers started to use them to make music. The tape recorder was needed for the performance. Composers used them to combine lots of different sounds. Sometimes it was music played on ordinary (acoustic) instruments which was then changed in some way by the tape recorder. Sometimes they took sounds from everyday life such as the sound of water, traffic noise or bird song. All these noises were put together in the way the composer wanted by using the tape recorder. Tapes of sounds were often cut into pieces, then the pieces were 'spliced' – put back together in a different order. The results were often very interesting, but there were problems. Some people asked: “Is it music?” Others thought it was boring to just look at a tape recorder during a concert instead of being able to watch live musicians play.

Composers in Paris were experimenting with electronic music in the 1940s. They called it “Musique concrète” because they used natural, concrete sounds. (“Concrete” in this sense meant the opposite of “abstract” music which was written down for performance). The sounds were played back at different speeds, combined in lots of ways, played backwards or played continuously (repeated in a 'loop'), or played into a mixer and re-recorded onto another tape recorder. The sounds could be filtered. Effects such as vibrato or echo could be added. Sometimes composers used synthesizers which were machines that could make electronic music in real time. They sounded more like normal instruments than the sound effects on a tape recorder.

Computers have often been used for composing electronic music. 

Composers who have used these ways of making music include John Cage (1912-1992), Bruno Maderna (1920-1973), Pierre Boulez (1925-2016), Karlheinz Stockhausen (1928-2007), Martin Garrix (2009-2019) with songs like "Pizza", "Forever" and "Scared to be lonely". Very often composers combined electronic music with ordinary instruments being played.

Bands like Twenty One Pilots, Taylor Swift, and Vance Joy among many others employ electronic sounds amongst their music.

Kendrick Lamar, Eminem, Lil Wayne and many other have added electronic music into their rap music.

In popular music, the use of electronics to create new sounds began in the 1960s. Producer Joe Meek and inventor Bob Moog both expanded the range of sounds that could be used in pop music, and by the end of that decade electronics had become accepted in the industry. In the next few years the work of people like Giorgio Moroder, Jean-Michel Jarre, Brian Eno and Kraftwerk made electronic music famous.

In the early 1980s electronic music became fashionable, and bands like New Order, The Human League, Pet Shop Boys and Depeche Mode became famous. Sometimes these bands would mix electronic music with rock music.

In the 21st Century electronics are so much a part of popular music that using it is no longer strange - in fact, many artists use nothing else.

A subgenre of electronic music is electronic dance music, or EDM. Electronic dance music is a form of electronica which is generally made with the intention of being danced to, thus making it generally club-friendly and often (but not always) up-tempo in nature. Whilst a lot of electronic genres are also classified as EDM, not all forms of electronic music fall within the specific category. Examples of EDM genres include post-disco, deep house, techno, Eurodance, trance, trip hop, drum and bass and dubstep, as well as several others.

In 2018, Billboard released a market statistic that proved the value and worth of the electronic dance music market. In this statistical statement, the company shows a 12-percent growth within one year where many changes took place with this musical revolution. One of the biggest helpers in this EDM market growth was YouTube.

All sorts of genres of music even whale songs, ambient music, sounds of nature and sound effects have been distorted by some electronic sound, also to record sounds from space astronauts use electronic equipment to compress noise into a singularity.


Reggae

Reggae is a music genre that began in Jamaica in the late 1960s. Most music from Jamaica comes from the reggae style.

The music has regular chops on the back beat (off-beat). These are called “skank”, and are played by a rhythm guitarist. The bass drum hits on the second and fourth beat of each measure (each bar). These are called the “drop”. Reggae bands also use a bass, a keyboard or organ, and horns.

Reggae music is often used by Rastafarian groups. They are usually songs about religion, love and social problems. Bob Marley (1945-1981) was a famous reggae artist.

Famous instruments in reggae music are drums, guitar, saxophone, trumpet and trombone.

Reggae was started in 1960 but became famous in the 1970s.

Reggae songs often have lots of backing singers.

Rapper Snoop Dogg released an album of reggae music in 2013.

Som[

Bebop

Bebop or bop is a kind of jazz that became popular near the beginning of the Second World War, in the mid-1940s. Bebop is often fast. The musicians improvise using a small group of chords which are repeated again and again. Charlie Parker (1920-1955), who was famous for his saxophone playing, was a bebop artist. The famous trumpet player Dizzy Gillespie (1917-1993) was also a renowned artist of this genre.

The term "bebop" originates from a group of syllables used in scat singing, where random strings of sound were used in place of words.

Magnetic resonance imaging

Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), or nuclear magnetic resonance imaging (NMRI), are techniques that doctors use to give a visual representation of soft tissue (flesh) inside the body. Magnetic resonance uses nuclear magnetic resonance to generate these images.

To take an MRI image, the patient lies on a movable bed. The bed enters a strong magnetic field and then radio waves are applied for a short time in a different direction. This sudden shift causes certain atoms in the patient's body to make special signals. The MRI scanner detects those special signals.
The MRI scanner then sends the signal information to a computer, and the computer creates an image of the inner body by using the signal information.

The MRI is used to diagnose disorders of the body that cannot be seen by X-rays. The MRI is painless and has the advantage of avoiding the dangerous X-ray radiation. 

It is an expensive medical procedure, due to the high cost of the equipment. Some metallic objects may distort the image, like hip, shoulder and knee replacements but the exam can still be done. Cochlear (ear) implants, some (older) aneurysm clips in the brain, and most pacemakers are not MRI compatible. Obese and severely claustrophobic patients often need sedation and/or imaging with an "open" magnet, which is much less confining. Contrast agents may or may not be indicated for some patients, and those with compromised kidney function may not be able to receive the contrast, due to a serious but rare skin reaction.

MRI scans can be used to study the brain, spinal cord, bones, joints, breasts, the heart and blood vessels. It can also be used to look at other internal organs. MRI scans can be used to find blood clots as well.

An MRI scan can be used as an extremely accurate method of disease detection throughout the body.

Neurosurgeons use an MRI scan not only in defining brain anatomy but in evaluating the integrity of the spinal cord after an injury. An MRI scan can evaluate the structure of the heart and aorta, where it can detect aneurysms or tears. Furthermore, MRI is nowadays used intraoperatively. 

It provides valuable information on glands and organs within the abdomen, and accurate information about the structure of the joints, soft tissues, and bones of the body. Often, surgery can be deferred or more accurately directed after knowing the results of an MRI scan.



Refugee camp

When there is a war or some other armed conflict in a country, many people will try to flee (run away) from that country. They will go to other countries, around the country where there is no war. Because they fled, they are called refugees.

If there are just a few refugees coming into a country it is generally no problem to get housing for them somewhere. However, if there are many (or if the government of a country expects many) refugees, it may build what is called a refugee camp. This is usually done by putting many tents, and a few toilets and showers on an unused plot (stretch) of land. This is usually land where no one wants to live.

Usually the governments hope that conflicts get resolved soon, and that those camps are only temporary.

This has not been the case for the refugee camps in the Gaza Strip, for example. Those camps have existed since the mid-1970s.


Rubber

Rubber is a type of material called a polymer. It can be produced from natural sources (e.g. natural rubber) or can be synthesised on an industrial scale. Many things are made from rubber, like gloves, tires, plugs, and masks. Some things can be made only from rubber. Sometimes the word means only natural rubber ("latex rubber"). Natural rubber is made from the white sap of some trees such as the "Hevea brasiliensis" (Euphorbiaceae). Synthetic rubbers are made by chemical processes.

Rubber can stretch and shrink. Rubber can also contain gases. It is an insulator, which means that it does not conduct electricity.

"Hevea brasiliensis" is the tree that most rubber comes from. Other plants that have the special sap (called latex) are figs ("Ficus elastica"), "Castilla" (Panama rubber tree), euphorbias, lettuce, the common dandelion, Taraxacum kok-saghyz (Russian dandelion), Scorzonera tau-saghyz, and Guayule.

In the 1800s, most sap to make rubber came from South America. In 1876, Henry Wickham got seeds from rubber trees in Brazil, and took them to Kew Gardens, England, and sent them to Ceylon (Sri Lanka), Indonesia, Singapore and British Malaya. Later, Malaya (now Malaysia) made the most rubber. People tried to grow rubber in India, in 1873 at the Botanical Gardens, Kolkata. The first "Hevea" farms in India were made at Thattekadu in Kerala in 1902. The Congo Free State in Africa grew a lot trees for rubber at the start of the 20th century, and most of the people who worked on those farms were forced labor. Liberia and Nigeria also started growing trees to make rubber.

Charles Marie de La Condamine presented samples of rubber to the Académie Royale des Sciences (Royal Academy of Science) of France in 1736. In 1751, François Fresneau read a paper to the Académie (eventually published in 1755), which described many of the properties of rubber. This has been referred to as the first scientific paper on rubber.

In 1770, British chemist Joseph Priestley noticed that rubber was very good for removing pencil marks on paper. Natural rubber melts in heat and freeze in the cold.

In 1844, Charles Goodyear found a way to improve natural rubber, in a chemical process known as vulcanization, which made it useful in many more products including, decades later, tires.

In the 20th century, synthetic (artificial) rubbers such as Neoprene began to be used. They were much used when World War II cut off supplies of natural rubber. They have continued to grow because natural rubber is becoming scarce and also because for some uses they are better than natural rubber.

Rubber moulded products are widely used industrially (and in some household applications) in the form of rubber goods and appliances. Rubber is used in garden hoses and pipes for small scale gardening applications. Most of the tyres and tubes used in automobiles are made up of rubber. Rubber plays a very important role in the automobile industry and the transportation industry. Rubber products are also employed in matting and flooring applications.

Argument

A argument is a way to persuade someone of something. Reasons are given to accept the conclusion. The general structure of an argument in a natural language is that premises (propositions or statements) support the claim or conclusion.

An argument is a reason to support an opinion. 

There can be a "strong argument" or a "convincing argument" (for example, a good reason for why something should be done). Arguing is the process of conducting an argument.

The opposite is a "weak argument" or an "unconvincing argument". Arguments can be valid or invalid or a combination of both. Some arguments may appear reasonable, but they turn out to be misleading or wrong.


2003 invasion of Iraq

The 2003 invasion of Iraq (March 20, 2003 - May 1, 2003) was the war fought by the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Poland and some other countries against Iraq, to end the rule of Saddam Hussein. The main reason that the war started was said to be because the British and American Governments believed that Iraq had dangerous weapons of mass destruction (such as chemical or nuclear weapons) that could be used against other countries. This turned out after the invasion to not be true.

Another reason for the start of the war was that many people thought that Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, one of the leaders of al-Qaeda, was hiding in Iraq after the September 11, 2001 attacks. Though Saddam Hussein was not involved in the planning of the September 11 attacks, many people accused him of giving al-Qaeda a safe place to hide from the United States. The war was extremely controversial. Many British and American people blamed British Prime Minister Tony Blair and the American President, George W. Bush.

Paratroopers landed in the far north of Iraq and a few soldiers attacked from the sea, but most invaded from Kuwait in the south. 4,734 NATO soldiers were killed in Iraq war including 4,600 U.S. servicemen, 179 UK servicemen and 139 Other NATO soldiers with a total of 4900 casualties. 31,882 U.S. servicemen and over 3,600 UK servicemen were wounded in Iraq. More than 180,000 Iraqi civilians who were not soldiers were also killed.

The United Nations Secretary-General said that "[F]rom our point of view and from the Charter point of view [the war] was illegal."


Helmet

A helmet is a hard or cushioned hat which is worn to protect a person's head. There are many different types of helmets. Some helmets are made from metal. Other helmets are made from plastic. Helmets often have fabric cushions inside and fabric straps to hold the helmet on a person's head.

Soldiers wear steel helmets to protect their heads from explosions and flying bits of metal. Construction workers wear plastic helmets to protect their heads from falling objects. Welders wear special helmets with a dark window that lets less light through. This protects their eyes from the bright light of welding. People who ride bicycles or horses wear plastic helmets with foam, to protect their heads in case they have an accident. Motorcycle riders wear similar but stronger helmets. People who rock climb wear helmets in case they fall. Cavers wear helmets to protect their heads from bumping into rocks in a cave. Helmets are also worn for protection by participants of numerous sports including horse racing, baseball, ice hockey, and cricket.

Coonskin cap

A coonskin cap is a hat made from the fur of a raccoon. Usually, the tail of the racoon is attached to the back of the hat. The coonskin cap is a symbol of the early United States frontier. Coonskin caps were first worn by the Native Americans who lived around Tennessee and Kentucky. The American settlers who moved to this area liked the caps and wore them themselves. Some famous American pioneers who wore coonskin caps are Davy Crockett and Daniel Boone.

http://www.coonskincap.com/ 

Crazy Horse Memorial

The Crazy Horse Memorial is the world's largest mountain sculpture in progress. It is in the Black Hills of South Dakota, USA. The statue depicts Crazy Horse, a famous Lakota warrior. Korczak Ziolkowski started the project in 1948 at the request of Chief Henry Standing Bear and other Native American elders. The statue is meant to be a memorial to the spirit of Crazy Horse as well as the Native American people.

Ziolkowski believed in individual initiative and private enterprise, and as such, never accepted government funding. He continued to work on the memorial until his death in 1982.

Ziolkowski's wife and family have continued to work the Crazy Horse Memorial. Completion of the project is currently unknown because of several factors including weather, the availability of financing and the challenges of the mountain engineering.

The face of Crazy Horse was completed and dedicated in 1998. Work on the memorial continues today and current plans include blocking out the face of the horse itself.


1720

1720 was a leap year.

Dwarka

Dwarka (with other spelling as Dvarka) was a city of Ancient India. The city was one of seven holy cities of the Hindus. It is also one of the four most important places of pilgrimage for the Hindus. Hindus call such four places as Dhams. Dwarka is located in the western part of India in Gujarat state. During the birth day of Krishna, and the Hindu festivals of Holi and Divali, thousands of Hindus visit the place. 

In Ancient India, the place was the capital of the kingdom ruled by Krishna and his clan of the yadavas. Soon after the death of Krishna, the city went below the sea.


Ramayana

The 'Ramayana' is an ancient Hindu epic about Rama and Sita. It is one of the two most important ancient epics of [India], the first one being the ancient Mahabharata.. The epic was originally written by sage (rishi) Valmiki of Ancient India. The book has about 24,000 verses and is divided into six parts.

The story of the Ramayana is about Prince Rama who has been exiled from his kingdom of ([Ayodhya]) with his wife Sita and his brother Lakshman. He goes on to kill [king] Ravana of Lanka in a long battle to get back his wife Sita.

Seven different versions of the book are available. It has been translated into all the major languages of the world.

The different parts of the Ramayana are also called books. These seven parts or books are noted below:


There are different views about the time the Ramayana was written. Some people believe that it was written 2,500 years ago. Others think that it was written around 1,800 years ago. All agree that the book is very old and was written before the Mahabharata.

The Ramayana is still very popular today. Every autumn the "Ramlila" ("Rama play") is performed at the festival of Dassehra. A huge model of Ravana is set alight. This symbolizes the triumph of light over darkness. It is also believed that he turned in to Krishna and also many more things are believed.

A Tamil version of the book was written between the 9th and 10th centuries. The writer of this book was Kamban. This version is known as Iramavataram, which means the coming of Rama. In the 16th century, Tulasidas wrote a Hindi version of Ramayana. This was named Ramacharitmanasa. Over many centuries, the story of Rama reached places in other countries like Indonesia and Malaysia. The Ramayana has been translated into most of the major languages of the world.

The Ramayana was used in Ancient India for the teaching of young children. It was mainly used for acting out their Dharma so that their children knew that they were to worship the main Hindu beliefs that were: Brahman, Multiple Gods, Dharma, Samsara, and Karma.

There is a series of the Ramayana played on television in major parts of India and goes into the detail of the Ramayana, if you don't like reading books.

The short and basic story of the Ramayana is, a prince named Rama tries to rescue his wife from the clutch of Ravana with an army of bears and several"vanaras" who are kind of like apes.

Mahabharata

The Mahābhārata (; , "", ) is one of the two major Sanskrit epics of ancient India. The other is the "Rāmāyaṇa". It tells of issues between two groups of cousins in the Kurukshetra War. It also tells the fates of the Kaurava and the Pāṇḍava princes and their successors.

The "Mahābhārata" includes philosophical and devotional material. It has a discussion of the four "goals of life" or "puruṣārtha" (12.161). The stories in the "Mahābhārata" include the "Bhagavad Gita", the story of Damayanti, the story of Shakuntala, the story of Pururava and Urvashi, the story of Savitri and Satyavan, the story of Kacha and Devyani and the story of Rishyasringa. It also has a shortened version of the "Rāmāyaṇa".

The "Mahābhārata" is normally said to be written by Vyāsa. Most of it was probably put together between the 3rd century BCE and the 3rd century CE. The oldest parts o it are not much older than around 400 BCE. The text probably became in its final form by the early Gupta period (c. 4th century CE).

The "Mahābhārata" is the longest epic poem known. It has been said to be "the longest poem ever written". Its longest version has over 100,000 "śloka" or over 200,000 individual verse lines. It also has and long sections of prose. The "Mahābhārata" has about 1.8 million words in total. It is about ten times the length of the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey" combined, It is about four times the length of the Rāmāyaṇa. The importance of the "Mahābhārata" to world civilization has been compared to that of the Bible, the Quran, the works of Homer, Greek drama, or the works of William Shakespeare. It is sometimes called the fifth Veda.
These sections deal with a number of topics such as a number of aspects of Hinduism, Hindu mythology, ethics, and the Hindu way of life. There is also a nineteenth section named "Harivamsha". The Bhagavadgita, a dialogue between Krishna and Arjuna, is a part of the "Mahabharata".

Sage Vyasa taught this epic to his son Suka and his students Vaisampayana and others. King Janamejaya, the son of Parikshit and grandson of the heroes of the epic, performed a great sacrifice ("yajna"). The epic was retold by Vaisampayana to Janamejaya at the advice of Vyasa. Later on, the other sage Suta retold the "Mahabharata" similar to Vaisampayana to Janamejaya, to Saunaka and others, during a sacrifice performed by Saunaka in Naimisaranya, which is near Sitapur in Uttar Pradesh.

Noted below are few words about the eighteen sections of the "Mahabharata". In "Mahabharata", these sections are called "parvan". A "parvan" means a book. The names of all "parvas" or books of the "Mahabharata" are noted below.

Kunti wants to fulfil her maternal expectations, but she has no man. She recollects the moment when her first son Karna was conceived from an arcane "mantra" which had given her once. Surya, the Sun God, appeared to her then. Thus, Kunti remembers her secret "mantra" and gives birth to the three sons – Yudhistra, Bhima and Arjuna. Yudhisthira’s father was god Yama, Bhima’s father was god Vayu, and Arjuna's father was Indra.

Madri, the second wife of Pandu, gave birth to two other sons - the twins, whose fathers were Ashwins (divine twins). Madri's sons are Nakula and Sahadeva.

These all are called the five Pandavas.

In the year 1932, The "Bhandarkar oriental research institute" located in Pune, needed money for the compilation and publication of the Holy Mahabharata and a guest house. A formal request was made to the seventh Nizam of Hyderabad State, Mir Osman Ali Khan who in no time released a farman to donate Rs.1000 per year for a period of 11 years. 

Whereas, Rs. 50,000 was offered for the guest which is known as "Nizam guest house".


Hajj

The Hajj ("pilgrimage") is an annual Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca, the most holy city of the Muslims. It is a Fard, a religious duty for Muslims that must be carried out at least once in their lifetime by all adult Muslims who are physically and financially capable of undertaking the journey, and can support their family during their absence. It is one of the five pillars of Islam, alongside Shahadah, Salat, Zakat, and Sawm. The Hajj is the largest annual gathering of people in the world. The state of being physically and financially capable of performing the Hajj is called "istita'ah", and a Muslim who fulfills this condition is called a "mustati". The Hajj is a demonstration of the solidarity of the Muslim people, and their submission to God (Allah). The word Hajj means "to intend a journey", which connotes both the outward act of a journey and the inward act of intentions.

The pilgrimage occurs from the 8th to 12th (or in some cases 13th) of Dhu al-Hijjah, the last month of the Islamic calendar. Because the Islamic calendar is lunar and the Islamic year is about eleven days shorter than the Gregorian year, the Gregorian date of Hajj changes from year to year. Ihram is the name given to the special spiritual state in which pilgrims wear two white sheets of seamless cloth and abstain from certain actions.

The Hajj is associated with the life of Islamic prophet Muhammad from the 7th century, but the ritual of pilgrimage to Mecca is considered by Muslims to stretch back thousands of years to the time of Abraham. During Hajj, pilgrims join processions of hundreds of thousands of people, who all go to Mecca for the week of the Hajj, and perform a series of rituals: each person walks counter-clockwise seven times around the Ka'aba (the cube-shaped building and the direction of prayer for the Muslims), runs back and forth between the hills of Al-Safa and Al-Marwah, drinks from the Zamzam Well, goes to the plains of Mount Arafat to stand in vigil, spends a night in the plain of Muzdalifa, and performs symbolic stoning of the devil by throwing stones at three pillars. The pilgrims then shave their heads, perform a ritual of animal sacrifice, and celebrate the three-day global festival of Eid al-Adha.

Pilgrims can also go to Mecca to perform the rituals at other times of the year. This is sometimes called the "lesser pilgrimage", or Umrah. However, even if they choose to perform the Umrah, they are still obligated to perform the Hajj at some other point in their lifetime if they have the means to do so, because Umrah is not a substitute for Hajj.

Saudi Arabia's economy greatly benefits from Hajj tourism and has invested in hotel businesses as well as infrastructure to accommodate and profit from Hajj and Ummrah tourism.

English Civil War

The English Civil War happened in the middle 17th century. The term civil war is a war where the sides involved in the fighting are from the same country.

At the centre, there was a struggle between King Charles I and the Parliament of England over how England should be ruled. The King wanted to rule without Parliament telling him what to do. At first Parliament wanted to reduce the King's power, but later it decided that the country did not need a king. King Charles's supporters were known as the Royalists, and were nicknamed "Cavaliers". Parliament's supporters were known as the Parliamentarians, and were nicknamed "Roundheads".

From 1639 to 1653, there was fighting in England, Scotland and Ireland, three separate countries that were ruled by the same king. The fighting that took place in each of these countries broke out at different times and for different reasons. In England, it lasted from 1642 to 1651. Some people think of this as one big war, while others think of it as three separate wars: the First English Civil War (1642-46), the Second English Civil War (1648) and the Third English Civil War (1649-51). The wars are also sometimes known as the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, including the Bishops' Wars in Scotland in 1639 to 1640 and the Irish Rebellion from 1641 to 1653.

The Parliamentarians won the war. Charles I was captured, put on trial and in 1649 he was executed. His son Charles II then tried to take over the country, but lost and escaped abroad. As a result, the three kingdoms spent 11 years without a king. For most of this time, they were run by Oliver Cromwell, a former Parliamentarian general. After Cromwell's death, the monarchy was restored under Charles II. However, kings were never as powerful as they had been before the war.

The reasons for the fighting were mostly to do with power, money and religion.

In the 17th century, the king had a lot of power over England with one exception: he could only raise taxes if the English Parliament agreed to it. This was because Parliament represented the gentry (middle class), and no king could raise taxes without the help of the gentry. Scotland and Ireland also had parliaments, but with not nearly as much power. When King James VI of Scotland inherited the throne (becoming James I of England), he disliked having to work with parliament. He was more used to ruling in Scotland, where the king was far more powerful. James I also spent more money than previous kings and queens.

Both James I and his son Charles I believed in the "divine right of kings", meaning that they believed that God gave kings the right to do anything they wanted over their lands. But there was a difference between the two: James I accepted that he could not get what he wanted all the time, whereas Charles I always wanted to get his own way.

After becoming king in 1625, Charles I quickly got into arguments with members of Parliament. From 1629 to 1640, he shut Parliament down and ruled without it. This was legal, as long as he did not raise taxes. He used some legal tricks to raise money without bringing back Parliament. For example, he used "ship money", a tax that had been paid by coastal towns in times of war. Charles I started charging it to all towns when there was no war. This was unpopular, but judges decided that it was legal. The period from 1629 to 1640 was known as the "Eleven Years' Tyranny" by the king's enemies.

In the previous century, the Protestant Reformation and England's break with the Catholic Church had encouraged new ideas and struggles. In England, there was movement called the Puritans, because they wanted a "pure" religion. They believed that the Church of England was too much like the Roman Catholic Church it had broken away from. In particular, they did not want the church to have bishops. There was a similar movement in Scotland. The Church of Scotland also had bishops, but it had many differences with the Church of England.

On the other hand, Charles I and Archbishop William Laud tried to change the Church of England. They brought back incense, bells and decorations to churches. These were things that were found in Catholic churches. This worried the people who hated Catholicism, especially the Puritans. Charles I also married a French princess, Henrietta Maria, who was a Catholic.

In 1637, Charles I tried to introduce a new prayer book in Scotland that was very similar to the English Book of Common Prayer, without asking Scotland's Parliament or church. Many Scots hated the prayer book, seeing it as an attempt to change the religion of their country. Riots broke out in Edinburgh, and unrest spread throughout Scotland. A rebellion movement began in Scotland, which became known as the Covenanters.

In 1639, the rebellion led to the Bishops' Wars in Scotland. The war cost so much money that the King called a new Parliament in England to raise taxes. But the members of Parliament did not want to work with Charles, and instead they complained about the king's actions (such as ship money) during the "Eleven Years' Tyranny". He shut Parliament down again, but the King struggled to stop the Covenanters without new taxes. Another problem was that many English people agreed with the Covenanters and did not want to help fight them. The Covenanter army invaded England and marched into Northumberland and County Durham. They refused to leave unless they were paid money.

To raise that money, the King had no choice but to call another Parliament. This became known as the "Long Parliament". Over two-thirds of the elected members of the Long Parliament were opposed to the king. While the opponents had no proper leader, John Pym was their most important member. The Long Parliament passed laws to stop the king from shutting it down and removed many of the king's allies. They even had his friend Earl of Strafford executed.
In 1641, a rebellion broke out in Ireland. The rebellion was caused by Irish Catholics who were fearful of the Protestants in the Long Parliament and the Scottish Covenanters. The King now needed money to fight this rebellion, which strengthened Parliament. Parliament would also take control of the army in 1642.

In January 1642, Charles I marched into Parliament with guards, to arrest five members of Parliament (including Pym and Hampden) who disagreed with him. The five men found out he was coming and escaped. No king had ever entered the main chamber of Parliament before, and many members were shocked he would do this. It was disaster for Charles. He failed to catch his enemies, and many members of Parliament who had not been enemies of the king became afraid of him. They decided that the only way to protect themselves was a raise an army against the King.

In mid-1642, both sides started travelling around the country to gather supporters and weapons. On 22 August, King Charles raised the royal flag in Nottingham. By doing this, he was announcing that he was at war with Parliament.

The King found more support in the countryside, poorer parts of the country and northern and western England. Parliament found more support in most cities, ports, richer parts of the country and southern and eastern England. People who were secretly Catholic mostly supported the King. The Royal Navy and most Puritans supported Parliament. Some areas supported Parliament because of local problems, such as the land drainage works in The Fens.

The Royalist armies were led by Prince Rupert, the King's nephew. The Parliamentarian armies were at first led by the Earl of Essex. The Royalists decided they would try to fight the Parliamentarians quickly, and so went to meet them in Warwickshire. The first major battle was the Battle of Edgehill in October 1642. The battle ended in a draw. The King tried to return to London but was blocked by the Parliamentarian army. He moved with his armies to Oxford, where he had more loyal followers.

The first year of the war went fairly well for the Royalists. They strengthened their control over the north and west. Their progress was slower in the Midlands, though they did capture Lichfield. After mid-1643, the Parliamentarians started to do better. They won battles in Lincolnshire, in the east and at Newbury to the west of London.

King Charles made a deal with the Irish rebels to stop the fighting in Ireland, freeing up soldiers that could fight for him. Parliament made a deal with the Scottish Covenantors, who would help them. Parliament were also helped by a talented army leader called Oliver Cromwell. He led a cavalry (horse riders) unit called the "Ironsides". The Ironsides were better organised than most cavalry units, which made them far better at fighting.
Helped by the Scots and the Ironsides, Parliament won a major victory the Battle of Marston Moor in July 1644. They took control of northern England. The Royalists were weakened but not yet defeated. They won the Battle of Lostwithiel in Cornwall, defeating Essex's soldiers. They also managed to fight to a draw at a second Battle of Newbury in October.

In 1645, Parliament organised its soldiers into the New Model Army. The Earl of Essex was replaced by Sir Thomas Fairfax. Oliver Cromwell became Fairfax's deputy. The New Model Army was better organised than any army that had come before it. They defeated the King's largest army at the Battle of Naseby in June 1645. Most of the Royalist soldiers at Naseby were taken prisoner. King Charles escaped Naseby but left behind his baggage, which had letters inside them. The Parliamentarians opened them and found out that the King was trying to get help from the Irish Catholics and from Catholic countries. The King lost support because of this.

The other main Royalist army was defeated at the Battle of Langport in Somerset, one month later. The Parliamentarians took control of South West England, where they had been weak. King Charles tried to gather his remaining supporters in the Midlands. Many fortress towns in the area from Oxford to Newark-on-Trent were still loyal to him. In May 1646, Charles met a Scottish army in Nottinghamshire. The Scots took him prisoner.

Although the Parliamentarians had won, they were divided on how to run the country. One big argument was over religion. Most members of Parliament wanted a Presbyterian national church. The New Model Army favoured allowing local churches to run themselves without there being a national church. The defeated Royalists supported the existing Church of England, though some were secretly Catholic. Parliament and the Army both tried to win support of the King and the Scottish Presbyterians. King Charles was in prison and was passed between the groups. He refused to make a deal with any of them, because he believed that only he had the right to rule over England. He pretended he was interested in making a deal while he planned to take back control of the country. The divisions became worse when Parliament tried to disband the New Model Army.

A second war broke out when some Scottish Presbyterians (called the Engagers) and some English Presbyterians allied with the King. They agreed to support him in return for making the English and Scottish churches into Presbyterian churches. The Scots invaded England, while Royalist rebellions broke out in various parts of England. Some of the rebellions were defeated very easily. The rebellions in Wales, Kent, Essex and Cumberland were stronger but were put down by the New Model Army. The Royalists and Scots were defeated at the Battle of Preston in August 1648.

The New Model Army was in control. In an event called "Pride's Purge", army Colonel Thomas Pride removed all members of Parliament who had not supported the Army. Only 75 members were left. The Army put them in charge of the country, and this Parliament was called the Rump Parliament.

The Rump Parliament decided they would not work with King Charles any more. They put him on trial. On 27 January 1649, the trial found him guilty of treason and called him a "tyrant, traitor, murderer and public enemy". He was beheaded three days later.

Many historians say that the execution of King Charles was an important moment in English history, and even in the history of the Western World. No European monarch had ever been put on trial by their own people before. Other countries in Europe said the execution was wrong, but they did not do much else. Not all Parliamentarians supported the execution. Fairfax thought it was wrong. He resigned as leader of the New Model Army, and was replaced by Oliver Cromwell.

The next king would have been Charles' son Prince Charles, the future King Charles II. Parliament announced instead that England would become a republic, called the Commonwealth of England. However, Prince Charles could still become King of Scotland.

The third English Civil War was actually more of a fight between Scottish and English armies, and much of it was fought in Scotland.

In 1649, the Marquess of Montrose started a rebellion in Scotland in support of King Charles II. Rather than support Montrose, Charles decided to ally with the Scottish Covenantors. They feared the Commonwealth of England would stop Scotland from having a Presbyterian church. Montrose was defeated by Scottish armies in April 1650. In June, Charles landed in Scotland and signed an agreement with the Scottish Covenantors.

Cromwell travelled to Scotland and arrived the following month. Over the next year, he took control of the main parts of Scotland. When Charles fled to England, Cromwell followed him, leaving George Monck to finish winning the war in Scotland. When this was done, Scotland became part of the Commonwealth of England.

Charles' army marched across England to the western regions where the Royalists had the most support. However, they could not find as many supporters as they wanted. Cromwell found them and defeated them at the Battle of Worcester on 3 September 1651. Charles fled to The Netherlands. He would not return until 1660.

The Irish rebellion that started in 1641 would continue until 1652. It was mainly fought by Irish Catholics against armies of the English Parliamentarians, Scottish Covenantors and Protestant settlers in Ireland. At first the rebels fought English Royalist armies as well, but this mostly stopped after September 1843. Seven months after the rebellion began, the rebels created their own government in Kilkenny. This was known as the Irish Catholic Confederation.

In 1649, Oliver Cromwell went to Ireland and put down their rebellion. Cromwell was remembered in Ireland as a brutal invader, particularly because of the large numbers of people killed at the Siege of Drogheda. Some fighting continued in Ireland until 1653.

The wars left England, Scotland and Ireland all as part of the Commonwealth of England, one of the few countries in Europe without a monarch. After the wars ended, Cromwell disbanded the Rump Parliament and took over the country. He chose to be "Lord Protector" rather than King, because he did not think the country needed another king. His government was called "the Protectorate" or "the Commonwealth". The period from 1649 to 1660 is also called the English Interregnum (meaning gap between kings).

Oliver Cromwell ruled the country until he died in 1658. Cromwell's son, Richard, took over as Lord Protector. However, the Army did not think he was a good ruler. After seven months, the Army removed Richard, and in May 1659 it re-installed the Rump Parliament. However, the Army did not get on with the Rump Parliament either and disbanded it a second time. There were fears that England would not have a proper government.

George Monck, a key leader in the Army, arranged for a new Parliament to be elected. On 8 May 1660, the new Parliament decided to restore the monarchy with Charles II as the king. He returned to England later that month. This event is known as the English Restoration. Scotland and Ireland went back to being separate countries and the pre-war churches returned.

Although the monarchy returned, the Civil War had long-lasting effects. The war made it clear that an English monarch could not rule without the support of Parliament. The law was not changed to limit the monarch's power (this was done after the 1688 Glorious Revolution). Historians consider the Civil War to be a stage in England and Scotland's long journeys from rule by one king to becoming a democracy.

In Ireland, the defeat of the rebellion strengthened the power of the Protestants. This was one of the reasons why Ireland would be ruled by Protestants from the late 17th century until the 20th century, even though most Irish people were Catholic.

The English Civil War was fought with "pike and shot" tactics. These were used in most wars from the late 15th century to the late 17th century. Armies were divided into three main groups:

At first, the Royalists had a better cavalry. Their riders were faster and more skilled. Prince Rupert had fought in the Eighty Years War in The Netherlands and used the lessons learned there to improve his cavalry. However, sometimes the Royalist cavalry failed to work as a team. At the Battle of Edgehill, many of them decided to chase fleeing soldiers or steal from the Parliamentarian baggage wagons. The Royalists might have won this battle if their cavalry had stayed together.

Cromwell's "Ironside" cavalry were slower but worked better as a team. They helped the Parliamentarians win some key battles. The Parliamentarians sometimes had a problem that pikemen would run away when cavalry charged at them. Cromwell and Fairfax trained them to stay in place.


Urdu

Urdu, also known as Lashkari, or the Lashkari language (لشکری ‍زبان) is the national language of Pakistan and a recognized regional dialect in India. Urdu is an Indo-Aryan language, which means that it came from Proto-Indo-Aryan, a language that was spoken northeast of the Caspian Sea in the second millennium BCE.

Most people in Pakistan speak it as a lingua franca. There are parts of India that speak it, such as Delhi, Bihar, and Uttar Pradesh, for example. Despite a few differences, the words in Hindi are very similar to Urdu. The way it is written, is different from how Hindi is written. People who speak Hindi and Urdu may be able to able to understand or express the meaning of one of these two scripts.

In the 11th century AD, the Ghaznavid Empire ruled over Punjab, the region characterized by five rivers.

Also known as "Hind", the Punjab was a land east on the Indus River.

The primary language spoken by Ghaznavids, who were of Turkic ethnicity, was Persian. The Ghaznavids met the people who spoke an Indo-Aryan dialect after acquiring Punjab or "Hind", which had Lahore as its capital. The contemporary Punjabi language derives from this language indigenous to the region.

A distinctive dialect, dubbed 'Lashkari Zaban,' was created when Persian and the language of the natives of the region, were merged.

The Ghaznavids and inhabitants of the area adopted this new language. In the 12th century AD, the Ghaznavids moved to the east of India and brought this language to Delhi. The language was influenced by the Khariboli dialect that was spoken in the area.

From Delhi it spread to the northern regions, where it became a standard way of interacting. Khariboli's influence on the language spread to cities like Lucknow and Hyderabad. Over the course of time, the language has been referred to in numerous ways.

Native poets from these cities and the surrounding areas helped improve it by adding many Persian and Chagatai words to it. They added Arabic words in the language that already existed from Persian.

During the Delhi Sultanate, the language continued to change.

The 'Mughal Empire' was a distinct Muslim empire of Turkic origin, with primary language Chagatai and secondary language Persian. But they did not have any signs that they were from Iran or the Persian region. 

At that time, the royal camps' dialect was known as "Zaban-i-Ordu".

It is said that the late eighteenth-century AD poet Ghulam Mashafi bestowed upon it the designation “Urdu”, which was shortened from “Zaban-i-Urdu.”

The name "urdu" originated from Chagatai. Chagatai was related to the Turks because they were all part of the same Turkic family, unlike Uzbek and Uyghur languages.

In its own indigenous translation, it was a "Lashkari Zaban" and "Lashkari" for short.

The language commonly referred to as Urdu was used as a court language in numerous South Asian cities, including Delhi and Amritsar.

During the time of the British Empire, it gained the designation of "Hindustani" Hindustan, a name associated with the Indus River. The court proceedings were continuing in the language.

It eventually became the first language of many people in North India.

By the end of British rule and the independence of Pakistan, it was selected as the national language for the people of the country because they spoke different languages and dialects.

In India, it became the national language but went by the name Hindi and was written in the Devanagari script. It also used a lesser amount of Arabic, Persian, and Chagatai words and instead, Sanskrit words were adopted in their place.

Today, it is the most widely spoken language in Pakistan in terms of total speakers and a registered language in 22 Indian states.

The letters in Urdu are derived from the Persian/Farsi alphabet, which is derived from the Arabic alphabet. The additional letters that are found in Urdu include ٹ ,ڈ ,ڑ (ṫ, ḋ, ṙ). To make the alphabet more enriched, two letters were created for the sounds ه (h) and ی (y). By adding these letters to the existing Persian letters, the Urdu alphabet became more suitable for the people of Pakistan and for some people of North India, who primarily use nastaliq script. Both are also Indo-Iranic languages descending from Proto-Indo-Iranic, but deriving from separate subbranches, Iranic and Indo-Aryan respectively.

Urdu is written right to left like Farsi (Persian) script. Urdu is also written in the Nasta’ liq style of Persian Calligraphy. Nastaliq style is a cursive script invented by Mīr ʿAlī of Tabrīz, a very famous calligrapher during the Timurid period (1402–1502). Both belong to the Indo-Iranic language subfamily.

Urdu in its less formalized register has been called a "rekhta" (ریختہ, ), meaning "rough mixture". The more formal register of Urdu is sometimes called "zabān-e-Urdu-e-mo'alla" (زبان اردو معلہ ), the "Language of Camp."

In local translation, it is called "Lashkari Zabān" ( []) meaning "language of battalions" or "battalion language." This can be shortened to "Lashkari".

The etymology of the word used in the Urdu language, for the most part, decides how nice or well done your speech is. For example, Urdu speakers would distinguish between پانی "pānī" and آب "āb", both meaning "water" for example, or between آدمی "ādmi" and مرد "mard", meaning "man." The first word is ad derivative from Adam (آدم) Arabic means from Adam, and it can be used for both man and woman in place of human being. The second word مرد "mard" refers to a gender or can be used for manly hood as well.

If a word is of Persian or Arabic origin, the level of speech is thought to be more formal. If Persian or Arabic grammar constructs, such as the izafat, are used in Urdu, the level of speech is also thought more formal and correct. If a word is inherited from Chagatai, the level of speech is thought more colloquial and personal.

Urdu is supposed to be a well-formed language; many of words are used in it to show respect and politeness. This emphasis on politeness, which comes from the vocabulary, is known as Aadab (Courteous) and to sometimes as takalluf (Formal) in Urdu. These words are mostly used when addressing elders, or people with whom one is not met yet. Just like "French Vous and Tu. Upon studying French and other forms of Language, similar formal language constructs are present. The whole grammatical layout appears to be almost identical to French language structure. The rules for forming sentences and structuring them are identical"

Two well-respected poets who are not only celebrated in the South Asian subcontinent, but are famous in many other communities worldwide are Mirza Ghalib and Sir Dr. Muhammed Iqbal. 

Ghalib (1797-1869) is well-known for his classic satire and sarcasm, as seen in the following verse;

(Latin/Roma alphabet):

"Umer bhar hum yun hee ghalati kartey rahen Ghalib"

"Dhool ch-herey pei thee aur hum aaina saaf karte rahe"

(translation):

"O Ghalib (himself) all my life I kept making the same mistakes over and over,"

"I was busy cleaning the mirror while the dirt was on my face." 

Iqbal (1877-1938) was a poet, and an active politician. He focused his poetry on bringing out the plight of the suffering Muslim community of British India. In his poetry, he very boldly highlighted the missing virtues and values in the morally corrupt Indian society. Despite much opposition in the beginning, he ended up leaving a considerable impact. He is also called the “Poet of the East” and the “Poet of Islam”. His work is displayed in the following verse;

(Latin/Roma Alphabet):     

"Aapne bhe khafa mujh sei beganey bhe na khush"

"Mein zeher-e-halahal ku kabhi keh na saka qand"

(translation):

"I could not keep happy either my loved ones or the strangers,"

"as I could never call a piece of poison a piece of candy."  

Iqbal is considered by many an inspirational poet. He played a large role in the Pakistan Movement, with many claiming that he was the one to imagine and initiate it.

Formal Urdu:

Aap tashreef rakhein = Please have a seat

Main mu'azzarat chahta/chahti hun = Please excuse me/I apologize

Informal Urdu: Aap bethein (You sit) or Tum betho (Sit, more informal)

Main maafi chahta/chahti hun= I ask for forgiveness

<nowiki>*************</nowiki>

Aap kaisay hein? = How are you?

Main sahein hun = I am fine

Assalam O Alaikum = Peace be upon you (It basically means hello, and it is a common greeting used in Islamic countries or among Muslims in general)

Although often misunderstood as two separate languages, Urdu and Hindi are two registers of the same Hindustani language, often called Hindi-Urdu. Urdu is the official language of Pakistan and spoken by 71 million people in India. Urdu's vocabulary borrows primarily from Chagatai, Sanskrit, Persian and Arabic.
Hindi, also historically known as Hindui (हिंदुई), is the most spoken language of India, which replaces much of Urdu's Farsi, Chagatai and Arabic terminology with Sanskrit derived vocabulary. They are grammatically the same. Everyday words are often shared between the two registers, while formal vocabulary can differ significantly. Urdu and Hindi speakers can understand each other with little to no difficulty, largely from using shared, or English vocabulary, rather than using highly Arabized or Sanskritized vocabulary. Hindi speakers are more likely to use words of Arabic/Persian origin (Kitaab, Dil, Mahobbat), than Urdu speakers are to use words of Sanskrit origin (Pustak, Man, Prem), as Urdu-speaking Pakistani's have less exposure to Hindi, than Hindi-speaking Indians do to Urdu. This can be seen in Bollywoods extensive use of the Urdu register, and India being a nation where both registers are natively spoken.

Example

English: I want to know how your mind is feeling.

Literary Urdu: Mujhe aap ke dimaagh ki jazbaat maatloob hai.

Literary Hindi: Mujhe aap ke mastishk ka bhaav vaanchit hai.

Casual Hindustani: Main tere man* ka haal* jaanna chaata hun.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>man is of Sanskrit origin, while haal is of Arabic origin


Zakat

Zakat () is one of the five most important aspects of Islam. Zakat means giving charity to the poor. Generally, a Muslim is expected to give "zakat" as long as they are able. Through Zakat wealth reaches to the poor class of the society. It is considered to be a personal responsibility for Muslims to help those in need and eliminate inequality. It is often 2.5% of what the Muslim has.


Salat

Ṣalāt (, "") also known as ' () and also spelled ', is the practice of prayer in Islam. It is one of the five most important duties for Muslims. To perform Salat, a person's mind must be ritually pure, which comes from ritual ablution, "wuḍūʾ", or the washing and cleansing of his or her body. The salat is observed three or (most commonly) five times every day at prescribed times.
Salat is plural,and Salah is singular.

 ( ) is an Arabic word that means to pray. Outside the Arab world, the most widespread and common term is the Persian word ().

For Sunni Muslims, salat must be performed at five periods each day. These periods are measured according to the Sun’s movement. The call to prayer is essential before every obligatory prayers. Muhammad said: "The one who responds to Azan out of faith and seeking Allah's pleasure will be admitted to paradise."

In the ritual prayers each Muslim is in direct contact with Allah. There is no need of a priest as a middleman (While there is a prayer leader in the mosque - the imam - they are not a priest, but simply a person who knows a great deal about Islam.) Muslims can pray anywhere, but it is especially good to pray with others in a mosque. Praying together in a congregation helps Muslims to realise that all humanity is one, and all are equal in the sight of Allah. The prayer ritual, which is over 1400 years old, is repeated five times a day by hundreds of millions of people all round the world.

Quranist prayer is set three times a day. This is similar to the combined prayer into 3 by Shias. In Islamic countries, the public call to prayer from the mosques sets the rhythm of the day for the entire population, including non-Muslims. Carrying it out is not only highly spiritual, but connects each Muslim to all others around the world, and to all those who have uttered the same words and made the same movements at different times in Islamic history.

Prayer for a Quranist involves uniting mind, soul, and body in worship; so a Muslim carrying out these prayers will perform a whole series of set movements that go with the prayers’ words. Quranists make sure that they are in the right frame of mind before they pray; they put aside all everyday cares and thoughts so that they can focus only on God. If a Quranist prays without the right attitude of mind, it is as if they had not bothered to pray at all.

There are different subsets of Shia Islam. Some of them pray 3 times combined, others 5 times. Allah does not need human prayers because he has no needs at all. Muslims pray because God has told them that they are to do this, and because they believe that they obtain great benefit in doing so.

"Muslims must be clean before they pray." They make sure of this by performing ritual washing, called wudhu. Mosques have washing facilities for Muslims to clean their body before they begin prayer.

Fasting in Islam

Fasting in Islam or Sawm () is the practice of abstaining, usually from food, drink, smoking, and sexual activity. Fourth of the Five Pillars of Islam, "Sawm" is observed between dawn and nightfall during the holy month of Ramadan.
Some exceptions or accommodations for "Sawm" are made in the case of pregnancy, illness, travel, and for young children.
Franz Schubert

Franz Peter Schubert (31 January 1797, Vienna 19 November 1828, Vienna) was an Austrian composer. Although he died at the age of 31, he composed over one thousand pieces of music. There were other great composers who lived and worked in Vienna: Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven, but Schubert is the only one who was born in Vienna. He was the last great composer of the Classical music period, and one of the first of the Romantic period.

Schubert’s father was a schoolteacher. Twelve children were born into the family, but only four of them lived to become adults. Schubert's father tried to persuade his sons to help at the school when they grew up. As a boy, the young Franz learned the violin, piano, organ, singing and harmony. He soon became very good at them all. His teachers were all amazed at how quickly he learned. He was also very good at other subjects in school.

In the holidays he played string quartets with his two brothers and his father. He wrote his first string quartets for them to play. By the age of 16 he had composed a lot of music, including his first symphony. His mother died. His father soon remarried. His stepmother was very kind to him and often lent him money. He had one strange thumb on his right hand.

At the age of 17, Schubert was teaching at his father’s school. He had been rejected by the army because he was too short (shorter than five feet) and his sight was very poor. He still took composition lessons from Antonio Salieri. He often went to the opera where he heard some of the finest music of the time. He liked reading. One of his favourite books was Goethe’s "Faust". He wrote a song called "Gretchen am Spinnrade" which is about the young girl in the book sitting at a spinning wheel dreaming of her lover. The piano has a gentle accompaniment which sounds like the throbbing of the spinning wheel. The music stops for a moment when the girl imagines her lover is kissing her, then the piano gradually starts again. It is a very famous song. Another song which soon made him famous in all Europe was "Erlkönig". When it was first published another composer whose name was also Franz Schubert, thought that somebody had published a song in his name because the music publishers sent it to him for a correction. He sent a very angry letter back saying he had not composed that rubbish.

It was difficult to find enough time to compose because he was a teacher. A man called Schober persuaded Schubert to give up teaching so that he could spend all his time composing. Soon he had become well known in all the drawing-rooms in Vienna where he met famous people, many of them musicians. These meetings were called “Schubertiads” because they played and sang his music. He wrote so many wonderful pieces that it seems strange that the music publishers did not want to publish them. They were only interested in publishing works written by performers, but were not very interested in people like Schubert who just composed. For a time he became music teacher for the two princesses of Count Johann Esterházy, but then he returned to Vienna to live with the Schober family. During the last few years of his life Schubert was ill. He had to leave the Schober’s house and find his own rooms. He was often desperately poor and composed in bed to keep warm.

Although Beethoven and Schubert lived in the same town they only met once, although they knew one another’s music. Schubert visited Beethoven on 19 March 1827. Beethoven was dying. Schubert was one of the torch-bearers at his funeral. A year and a half later Schubert, too, had died. He asked to be buried near Beethoven. Their graves were just three places apart.

Schubert’s pieces are among the greatest ever written. They are all settings of German poems. German art songs are called Lieder (pronounced “leader”), and Schubert made his Lieder very special by making the piano accompaniments describe the action of the songs in many different ways. If you try to sing them in a translation it is difficult to make it sound good. It is best to hear them in German and to have a translation so that you understand what is being sung. Some of the last songs he wrote make up a cycle called “Die Winterreise” (“The Winter Journey”). The poems are about a man who is unhappy because his lover does not want him. He goes out into the cold winter woods and all nature seems to reflect the way he feels inside. The songs are usually sung by a male singer (tenor, baritone or bass).

Schubert wrote a great deal of chamber music. Among his most famous pieces are several string quartets, a string quintet (for 2 violins, viola and 2 cellos) and the “Trout” quintet (for piano, violin, viola, cello and double bass). There are sonatas and sonatinas for violin and piano, and a sonata for an instrument called the “arpeggione” which was used for about ten years after it was invented and then it was forgotten. The sonata is normally played on a cello or a viola nowadays. There is lots of piano music including sonatas, impromptus and also piano duet music. Schubert wrote eight famous impromptus.

Schubert wrote nine symphonies. The last one is known as the “Great” symphony in C major. The eighth is called the “Unfinished”. There are only two movements instead of the usual four. A lot of people still argue about why he left it unfinished. Some people even think that he completed it and that the last two movements are either lost, or are now known as movements from a piano duet. We shall probably never know for certain.

Most of his life he was supported by his friends who gave him manuscript paper when he could not afford it. Many of his greatest works only became widely known in the 1860s, long after his death. The house in Vienna where Schubert was born is now a museum which people can visit. There visitors can also see the Benignus Seidner piano that Schubert was using for composing. Other instruments that composer was playing on were a piano by Anton Walter & Sohn (now in the Kunsthistorisches museum in Vienna) and a piano from Viennese piano builder Conrad Graf.

Cowpox

Cowpox is a disease. This disease affects the skin. It is caused by a virus (cowpox virus) that is related to the "Vaccinia virus". People (or animals) who have the disease have red blisters. The disease can be spread by touch from cows to humans. The virus that causes cowpox was used to perform the first successful vaccination against another disease. The disease vaccinated against was the deadly smallpox. Smallpox is caused by the related "variola virus". Therefore, the word "vaccination" has the Latin root "vaca" meaning cow.

In 1798, the English physician Edward Jenner made a curious observation. Jenner lived in the countryside, not in the city. 
Some of his patients had gotten cowpox, and recovered from it. He observed that those patients did not get the disease again, they seemed to be immune against it. What was more, they also seemed to be immune against smallpox. Smallpox was a deadly disease then, that killed most of the people it infected. So he used the fluid he got from cowpox lesions, and scratched it into healthy people. That way, he could make those people immune against smallpox.

The Cowpox (Catpox) virus is found in Europe and mainly in the UK. Human cases are very rare and most often contracted from domestic cats. The virus is not commonly found in cows; the reservoir hosts for the virus are woodland rodents particularly voles. It is from these rodents that domestic cats get the virus. Symptoms in cats include lesions on the face, neck, forelimbs, and paws, and less commonly upper respiratory tract infection. Symptoms of infection with cowpox virus in humans are localized, pustular lesions generally found on the hands and limited to the site of introduction. The incubation period (the time between an infection and the first signs of the disease) is 9–10 days. The virus can be found mostly in late summer and autumn.

Cowpox was the original vaccine of sorts for smallpox. After infection with the disease, the body (usually) gains the ability recognise the similar smallpox virus from its antigens and so is able to fight the smallpox disease much more efficiently.

Later, and still today, another vaccine was used: "vaccinia". Vaccinia is similar to cowpox, but not the same.


1535

1535 was a common year.

532

532 was a leap year.




1658

1658 was a common year.

408

408 was a leap year.

1696

1696 was a leap year.

1647

1647 was a common year.

Margaret Atwood

Margaret Eleanor Atwood (born November 18, 1939) is a Canadian writer. She is best known for writing novels. She has also published 15 books of poetry. "The Edible Woman" was her first novel, published in 1969.

Her novel "The Handmaid's Tale" was the first winner of the Arthur C. Clarke Award, in 1987. The sequel, "The Testaments", was released on September 10, 2019.

Her book "The Blind Assassin" won the 2000 Booker Prize.


Rainbow Brite (1984 TV series)

Rainbow Bride

Is A 1997-2019 Canadian and French Animated Children's Educational Television Series Produced By CINAR Corporation and Medialab Studio LA, In Co-production With Canal J Ravensburger (S1-4) WIC Entertainment Limited TF1 and TiJi (S3-4) and Produced In Association With TVOKids Knowledge Kids (S6-20) SCN (S8-20) and Access (S8) and With The Fancai Assistance Of The Shaw Children's Programmee Inatvie (S1-3) and Produced With the Participation of the Canada Television and Cable Production Fund (S1)

A tie-in movie, "Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer", came out in 2005. And Rainbow Brite

Chickenpox

Chickenpox, also known as chicken pox, is a disease. Usually, it is children who get the disease, but adults can also get it. People who have it get blisters or spots, mostly on the body and in the face. Those blisters are filled with a liquid. At some point, the blisters will drain, and the person will want to scratch them. Burst blisters usually become healthy without leaving scars, unless they become infected. The symptoms come in two or three waves, and they usually include fever. If there are no complications, the disease will last between three and five days in children. Chickenpox is very common and by the age 14, more than 90% of children will have had the disease. 

Getting chickenpox during a pregnancy is dangerous, as it can hurt both the mother and the child. 
Chickenpox is caused by a virus of the herpes family. People who had chickenpox in the past can also get a related disease called shingles later. Shingles are caused by the same virus but usually is only one part of the body.

There is a vaccine against chickenpox. Usually, the vaccine is given to children if they did not have the disease before the start of puberty, that is aged 9–13 years old. Sometimes to help your child not to scratch when they have chicken pox, you can get a special cream for it such as e45.

1624

1624 was a leap year starting on Monday in the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Thursday in the Julian calendar.

Tonality

Music has tonality if it uses the notes of a major or minor scale. Such music is tonal. It is in a particular "key". Nearly all Western music is tonal.

All tonal music is based on a major or minor scale. If the tune “Twinkle, twinkle little star” is played starting on the note C, the notes of a C major scale will be used. The note C will sound like the home note (the “tonic”) and, indeed, the tune finishes on a C. The tune could have started on any other note (C sharp, D, E flat, E etc.) but a knowledge of scales would be needed as some sharps or flats (black notes) will be required. When singing the tune there is no need to think about the sharps and flats: the singer does them quite naturally.

A piece of tonal music will usually modulate after a while. This means that it changes key. But the music will not sound finished until it goes back to the original key. If one sings The Star-Spangled Banner and stops after the words “our flag was still there” the song sounds as if it has stopped in mid-air. It will not sound finished until it goes back to the first key in the last two lines.

Most Western music from about 1600 onwards is based in a major or minor key. This system of tonality was used by all the great composers up to the 20th century and in popular music and most folk music. Listening to a symphony by Beethoven is like going on a journey through various key areas, always returning to the original tonic at the end. In some cases, such as Beethoven’s "Fifth Symphony", it may start in the minor and finish in the major. This is because minor keys can sound disturbed, full of tension, but major keys sound happier and more relaxed.

The opposite of “tonality” is atonality. An atonal piece is one where there is no feeling of a home key. Playing lots of random notes and of chromatic scale will sound atonal. Schoenberg was one of the most famous composers of atonal music. Of course, his music is not just random notes (although it may sound like it to the listener at first), so he had to find another way of giving his music shape. That is why he invented the twelve-tone system.

Toucan

Toucans are a South American bird in the family Ramphastidae. This bird lives in small flocks in lowland rainforests in countries such as Costa Rica. It flies short distances between trees. Toucans rest in holes in trees. They mostly eat fruit, but sometimes they also eat insects and small lizards.

They are brightly marked and have large, often-colorful bills. The family includes five genera and over forty different species.

Toucans are resident breeders and do not migrate. Toucans are usually found in pairs or small flocks. They sometimes fence with their bills and wrestle, which scientists think is to find out who is the top bird amongst them.

Toucans are known for their huge beaks, which can grow larger than their bodies. The beak may also be used to cool the bird off. They use their beaks for reaching over and plucking fruit from branches of trees. The bright colors (usually orange) on the beak may help the toucans to recognize each other, and to scare off other birds. The structure of their beaks consists of a keratin exterior and a bony foam interior. The beak is loaded in bending and foraging and fencing activities, although it has a low compressive strength.

The diet of toucans consists mainly of fruit, they are frugivorous. Although they sometimes consume small animals such as small birds, insects, and lizards. They also eat eggs from nests, and nestlings.

Elbow

The elbow is a hinge-joint between the bones of the upper and lower arm. It joins the humerus of the upper arm and the radius and ulna of the forearm together. Everyone has 2 elbows. It allows the lower arm to be extended or retracted (moved in). The elbow also allows the arm to turn. It moves by using three ligaments: the "anterior, posterior, ulnar collateral" and "radial collateral" ligaments.

Wrist

The wrist is the joint that links together the lower arm and the hand.


Knee

The knee is the joint that links 4 of the upper and lower bones of the leg, which are called the femur, tibia, fibula and the patella. The knee joint is the largest joint in the body and is an extensive network of ligaments and muscles. Basically, it is a hinge which allows movement of the lower leg in only one direction. The lower leg (tibia+fibula+foot) can swing back from the knee, and that is all.

The knee is held together by ligaments which connect the bones and produces fluid which lubricates the movement at the joint. The meniscus is a cartilage 
that lies on the inner and outer edges of the upper surface of the tibia. These are the shock
absorbers of the knee and supply proper weight distribution.

Atomic theory

In chemistry and physics, the atomic theory explains how our understanding of the atom has changed over time. Atoms were once thought to be the smallest pieces of matter. However, it is now known that atoms are made of protons, neutrons, and electrons. These subatomic particles are made of quarks. The first idea of the atom came from the Greek philosopher Democritus. A lot of the ideas in the modern theory came from John Dalton, a British chemist and physicist.

The theory applies to solids, liquids and gases. It does not apply in the same way to plasmas or neutron stars.

Democritus thought that if you cut something in half again and again, you would at last have to stop. He said that this last piece of matter could not be cut any smaller. Democritus called these small pieces of matter atoms, which means "indivisible". He thought that atoms would last forever, never change and could not be destroyed. Democritus thought that there was nothing between the atoms and that everything around us could be explained if we could understand how atoms worked. 

Some other philosophers agreed, and others disagreed. They had no way to experiment to show whether his theory was true or not.

In 1758, Roger Joseph Boscovich described a precursor of the atomic theory.

In 1803, the English scientist John Dalton reworked Democritus' theory, as follows:


Dalton defined the atom as the "basic unit of an element that can take part in a chemical combination". Dalton and another chemist, Joseph Proust had discovered two laws: the law of definite composition and the law of multiple proportions. They discovered these laws when they measured how elements combined into compounds. These were the basis for Dalton's theory.


Together, these were good evidence that atoms existed.

In 1850, Sir William Crookes constructed a 'discharge tube', that is a glass tube with the air removed and metallic electrodes at its ends, connected to a high-voltage source. When creating a vacuum in the tube, a light discharge can be seen that goes from the cathode (negatively-charged electrode) to the anode (positively-charged electrode). Crookes named the emission 'cathode rays'.

After the cathode ray experiments, Sir Joseph John Thomson established that the emitted ray was formed by negative charges, because they were attracted by the positive pole. Thomson knew that the atoms were electrically neutral. He established that, for this to occur, an atom should have the same quantity of negative and positive charges. The negative charges were named "electrons" ("e"-).

According to the assumptions established about the atom's neutral charge, Thomson proposed the first atomic model. It was described as "a positively-charged sphere in which the electrons were inlaid (with negative charges)". It is known as the "plum pudding model".

In 1906, Robert Millikan determined that the electrons had a Coulomb (C) charge of -1.6 * 10. This allowed calculation of its mass as tiny, equal to 9.109 * 10 kg.

In the same time, experiments by Eugene Goldstein in 1886 with cathode discharge tubes allowed him to establish that the positive charges had a mass of 1.6726 * 10 kg and an electrical charge of +1,6 * 10 C. Lord Ernest Rutherford later named these positively charged particles "protons"

In 1910, the New Zealand physicist Ernest Rutherford put forward the idea that the positive charges of the atom were found mostly in its center, in the nucleus, and the electrons ("e"-) moved around it.

Rutherford showed this when he used an alpha radiation source (from helium) to hit the very thin gold sheets, surrounded by a Zinc sulphide lampshade that produced visible light when hit by alpha emissions. This experiment was called the Geiger–Marsden experiment or the Gold Foil Experiment.

By this stage the main parts of the atom were clear. It was known that atoms of an element may occur in isotopes. Isotopes vary in the number of neutrons present in the nucleus. Although this model was well understood, modern physics has developed further. Present-day ideas cannot be made easy to understand. Some idea of present-day atomic physics can be found in the links in the table below.

Atoms are "not</u/l>" elementary particles, because they are made of subatomic particles like protons and neutrons. Protons and neutrons are also not elementary particles. They are made of even smaller particles called quarks joined together by other particles called gluons (because they "glue" the quarks together in the atom). Quarks "are" elementary because quarks cannot be broken down any further.

Particle physics

Particle physics is a branch of physics that studies tiny pieces of elements, known as particles. These particles are extremely small pieces that build up the world around us. They are best described in the language of math: calculus, the imaginary number, and group theory (which describes symmetry).

Particles can carry fundamental forces. For example, the electromagnetic force is carried by photons. The four fundamental forces are responsible for almost everything in all of physics. These fundamental forces are gravity, electromagnetism, weak interaction, and strong interaction.

One of the important concepts of particle physics is called the Standard Model. The Standard Model is a theory that tries to explain the fundamental forces. The Standard Model combined with general relativity is currently the most accepted explanation of how the universe works.

The Standard Model is known to have problems. For example, it explains three of the four forces very well, but it cannot explain gravity. This is why general relativity, a different theory that explains where gravity comes from, needs to be included for physicists to explain the universe. There is a lot of work to improve the theory and/or find a better theory that is being done. This work is often called theoretical particle physics because it is about building better theories of particles. Theoretical particle physicists make theories to try to improve the Standard Model. One example of this is how many theories predict undiscovered particles.

Physicists find out about particles by studying collisions between different particles. A good analogy of how physicists study particles through colliding is the car crash example. Imagine a person who wanted to look inside cars. By crashing two cars together at very high speeds, we can break the cars apart and see inside. In the same way, physicists crash two particles together to break them and study the inside.

If particles are moving at very high speeds, some of them will break apart when they collide. When they break, they create new smaller particles. These particles are very hard to find and detect because they decay (change into lighter particles) very quickly. Modern particle physics involves colliding particles together very energetically to create new particles inside a particle accelerator. This is called high-energy physics, due to the large amount of energy needed.

However, many particles do not simply break apart, such as electrons. Because it does not break apart, the electron is called a fundamental particle. If you were to smash two super-fast electrons against each other, they would not break, but instead, they might create more particles around them without breaking (this is another form of decay, known as a hadron jet). The Standard Model says that there are 17 types of fundamental particles, but there are 61, because most can be created out of antimatter, and some can have a color charge.

Particle physics can help us learn about the early universe because conditions that are similar to the early universe (which was a much more energetic place than it is now) can be made in a small volume of space using the collisions of these particles. The biggest particle accelerator in the world is the Large Hadron Collider at CERN in Europe.

X Japan

X Japan is a Japanese rock band. They were formed in 1982 by Yoshiki. They have sold over 30 million albums and singles and over 2 million videos to date. X Japan stopped making music in 1997, but reunited in 2007. They performed their first world tour live in Hong Kong in 2009. They played to 20,000 people in two days.

Some visual kei bands are influenced by X Japan. 

The band was first called "X" but because the letter X was already the name of another band they changed their name to "X Japan" to avoid confusion.


State Anthem of the Soviet Union

The State Anthem of the Soviet Union , ) was the national anthem of the Soviet Union from 1944 until 1991. It replaced the old one, which was a Russian translation of "The Internationale". Currently it is the State Anthem of the Russian Federation.

The music was created around 1938 by Alexander Alexandrov, a great Russian composer who earlier started the Alexandrov Ensemble. The original lyrics were by Sergey Mikhalkov and Gabriel El-Registan and were first written in 1943. They mentioned Joseph Stalin by his name as well as the Great Patriotic War. When Stalin died in 1953, the lyrics were no longer appropriate and so the music was performed without them. For the 60th anniversary of the October Revolution in 1977, the lyrics were brought back, but changed so that they do not mention Stalin or the war.

This song was in use until the Soviet Union broke down in 1991. Until then, most of the republics of the Soviet Union also had their anthem, but the Russian SSR did not until 1990. After Russia became independent, the Russian SSR anthem, which used a melody by Mikhail Glinka and had no official words, became the Russian national anthem. But in 2000, the newly elected president, Vladimir Putin, decided to bring back the melody of the Soviet anthem. He had new words written to it by Sergey Mikhalkov, the same person who wrote the original Soviet anthem.

Below are the Russian and the English versions of the lyrics; both can be sung to the music. Like "The Internationale", there are also other versions of the Soviet anthem in different languages.

The official version of lyrics endorsed by CPSU:

The 1944 text had three different refrains following three different stanzas; in each refrain, the second line was consequently modified with references to friendship, then happiness and finally the glory. In 1977, these refrains were replaced by a uniform refrain following all stanzas.

<poem>The Russian [Soviet] republics, in freedom united,
Have mustered their power, their glory, their pride,
And thus they created the great Soviet Union,
The will of the nations that spread far and wide!

"Great shall your glory be, Motherland proud and free,"
"Bulwark of friendship for nation and man!"
"Flag of the Soviet, lead us to victory,"
"Flag of the people since freedom began!"

The sunlight of freedom has shone through the tempest,
And Lenin has lighted our path with his flame,
While Stalin has shown us that faith in the people
Inspires us to action, deeds, and fame.

"Great shall your glory be, Motherland proud and free,"
"Bulwark of happiness for nation and man!"
"Flag of the Soviet, lead us to victory,"
"Flag of the people since freedom began!"

Our army in action has grown in its power,
And soon it will wipe out the enemy horde;
The fate of the future is sealed by our bravery,
And honor and glory shall be our reward!

"Great shall your glory be, Motherland proud and free,"
"Bulwark of glory for nation and man!"
"Flag of the Soviet, lead us to victory,"
"Flag of the people since freedom began!"</poem>

The Hymn of the Bolshevik Party (Гимн партии большевиков / "Gimn partii boljševikov") uses the same melody as the Soviet anthem, but with different lyrics by Vasily Lebedev-Kumach.

Because the Soviet Union had several minority languages, the anthem was translated into several different languages, including all of the official languages of each SSR and several other minority languages (especially those of Russia), including Avar, Bashkir, Karachay-Balkar, Komi, Tatar and Sakha (Yakut).

Minimalism

Minimalism is a way of making modern art or music that uses simple ideas, sounds or shapes. It was most popular in America in the 1960s and 1970s. There are many different kinds of minimalism. Sometimes a simple thing is repeated many times until it seems very complicated. Today minimalism can be used to talk about many things such as design, architecture, poetry, and movies.

In music, minimalism is a way of composing classical music which became popular during the second half of the 20th century. It is a way of composing by using a simple idea which is repeated many times. A minimalist piece of music usually takes a short idea which may be a melodic or a rhythmic pattern. This idea is then repeated many times, but each time it changes slightly. Sometimes this may be done by two or more instruments which start off by playing their notes or chords together but, as one is going slightly faster than the other, they gradually become “out of sync” (not synchronized, i.e. not together), then eventually they catch up with one another again. Usually this music is tonal so that it is firmly in one key. "A steady pulse is kept throughout the whole piece." 

Composers who wrote minimalist music include Steve Reich (b.1936), Philip Glass (b.1937) and Terry Riley (b.1935). Other composers like John Adams (b.1947) have also used minimalist ways of composing, but they combined these with other techniques, so that their music is not just minimalist.

Minimalist music became popular in the 1960s and 1970s. Minimalist composers started writing like this, also because a lot of new music at that time was very complicated and hard to understand. It was often serial music which was atonal with no obvious melodies or ideas that were easy to remember.

Minimalist music is not necessarily simple. It can have a kind of hypnotic effect, but this is part of what the composer wants. Reich’s "Clapping Music" just consists of hand clapping: there is no melody. He was thinking of African drum music when he wrote it. Two performers begin by clapping a rhythm together. After 13 seconds the second performer leaves out the first quaver (eighth note) and puts it at the end of the second bar (measure). After another 13 seconds this happens again so that in the end the two performers are together again. This music has to be listened to in a different way from other kinds of music.

Minimalism in visual art, sometimes referred to as "literalist art" and "ABC Art" emerged in New York in the 1960s. As a product it had much in common with earlier geometric abstraction and suprematism.

The term "minimalism" was not generally embraced by the artists associated with it, and many practitioners of art called minimalist by critics did not identify it as a movement as such.

One of the first artists specifically associated with Minimalism was the painter, Frank Stella, whose early "stripe" paintings were highlighted in the 1959 show, "16 Americans", organized by Dorothy Miller at the Museum of Modern Art in New York. The width of the stripes in Frank Stellas's stripe paintings were determined by the dimensions of the lumber, visible as the depth of the painting when viewed from the side, used to construct the supportive chassis upon which the canvas was stretched. The decisions about structures on the front surface of the canvas were therefore not entirely subjective, but pre-conditioned by a "given" feature of the physical construction of the support. In the show catalog, Carl André noted, "Art excludes the unnecessary. Frank Stella has found it necessary to paint stripes. There is nothing else in his painting". 

These reductive works were in sharp contrast to the energy-filled and emotionally-charged expressionist paintings of Willem de Kooning or Franz Kline. 

They leaned more towards the controlled, somber "color field" paintings of Barnett Newman and Mark Rothko. Although Stella received immediate attention from the MOMA show, artists like Kenneth Noland, Ralph Humphrey, Robert Motherwell and Robert Ryman had begun to explore stripes, monochromatic and hard-edge formats from the late 50s through the 1960s.

Igor Stravinsky

Igor Stravinsky was born in Lomonosov (then Oranienbaum), 17 June 1882 and died in New York, 6 April 1971. He was one of the most important composers of the 20th century, and a leader in modernism in music. He was brought up in Russia. When the Russian Revolution started he moved to Switzerland and then to Paris, and finally, when World War II started in 1939, he moved to the United States.

Stravinsky wrote music in different styles. At first he wrote music similar to his teacher Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. He loved his native Russian music. He wrote music which had very complicated chords and rhythms. It is lively music, and some of his best known works of this kind were written for the "Ballets Russes" of Sergei Diaghilev: "The Firebird", "Petrushka", "The Rite of Spring", "Les noces", "Pulcinella" and "Apollo musagète". They were written from 1910 to 1928.

Then he changed his style and wrote in what is called a “neo-classical” way. He based it on music from the Classical music period but changed it. His only full-length opera "The Rake's Progress" was written in this way. In his later years he wrote serial music.

Igor was the third of four children, all boys. As a child he spent the winter months in St Petersburg and the summers in the country where several of his relatives on his mother’s side had large estates.

Igor was not particularly good at school, but he often went to see the operas in which his father Fyodor was performing. Fyodor was an opera singer with a fine bass voice. He sang at the opera house in Kiev and later at the Mariinsky Theatre in St Petersburg. Igor also went to ballets and even heard Tchaikovsky conduct in 1893, at the end of his life.

For a time Stravinsky studied law at the university of St Petersburg, but gave up in 1906. Then he married one of his cousins. They soon had a son and a daughter.

Meanwhile, since his school days, Igor played the piano, and had lessons in harmony and counterpoint. He enjoyed improvising and he started to be interested in composing. He wrote some short piano pieces and showed them to the composer Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, the father of a friend. Rimsky-Korsakov told him he ought to continue to have private music lessons instead of going to the conservatoire. Shortly after this, Stravinsky’s father died. Igor went to stay with Rimsky-Korsakov. He met many musical people there, and Rimsky-Korsakov taught him how to write for the different instruments. In 1905, he began to take twice-weekly private lessons from Rimsky-Korsakov, whom he came to regard as a second father. These lessons continued until Rimsky-Korsakov's death in 1908.

In 1908 Rimsky-Korsakov died. Stravinsky met Sergei Diaghilev, the ballet impresario. Diaghilev wanted to put on performances of new operas and ballets. He needed a composer to write the music and saw that Stravinsky might be the ideal person. He asked him to write music for a ballet called "The Firebird", which was a Russian fairytale. Stravinsky wrote it at Rimsky-Korsakov’s country house and finished it in St Petersburg. The ballet was first performed at the Paris Opéra on 25 June 1910 by the Ballets Russes who were very famous in Europe. Mikhail Fokin was the choreographer. It has remained one of Stravinsky’s most famous pieces of music. Some of the music is often performed in a concert hall without the dancing. This version is called a “suite” (literally “a collection of dances”). It shows his love of Russian folk melody.

The success of "The Firebird" made Stravinsky world famous. His music was especially well known in Europe, and in Paris where the Ballets Russes were based. The next work Stravinsky wrote for them was "Petrouchka". It was the story of a puppet which comes to life. It was performed in Paris on 13 June 1911 and became just as famous as "The Firebird". This music, too, is often performed as a concert piece. Stravinsky also made an arrangement of three of the dances for piano solo. It is very hard to play and needs a virtuoso pianist.

Stravinsky was becoming well known among musicians. His friends included Debussy and Ravel. He met Schoenberg in Berlin and was very impressed by his piece called "Pierrot Lunaire". He spent a lot of his time with his family in Switzerland where he had peace and quiet to compose.

On 29 May 1913 a new ballet by Stravinsky called "The Rite of Spring" was performed at the Théâtre des Champs-Elysées in Paris. It was an absolute sensation. Some people loved it and others hated it. There was a big fight in the theatre and the police were called in. People were shouting so much that no one could hear the music. Stravinsky became ill afterwards and spent some weeks to recover. When the ballet was performed again people were quieter and listened to the music. There were lots of new ideas in the music: harsh chords and very complicated rhythms. The music of "The Rite of Spring" had an great influence on the development of music in the 20th century.

Stravinsky’s next idea for a ballet was "Les noces", French for 'The Wedding'. Stravinsky went back to Russia to collect some things that would help him to compose it. When he returned to Switzerland World War I started.

Stravinsky’s family spent most of their time in Switzerland during the war. He was short of money because there was no more income from the Russian estates. The Ballets Russes could not perform any more in Paris. Stravinsky spent a lot of time working at "Les Noces". He finished it in 1917 and played it to Diaghilev. It was another six years before it was performed. Stravinsky eventually chose to arrange it for four pianos, percussion, chorus and vocal soloists. It was performed at the Théâtre de la Gaîté Lyrique on 13 June 1923.

Because Switzerland was neutral in the war, Stravinsky was able to travel. He went to Italy where he met Gerald Tyrwhitt (who later became Lord Berners) and Prokofiev. He wrote "Reynard" and "Rag-Time". He performed in America with Ballets Russes.

When the Russian Revolution broke out in February 1917 Stravinsky thought this would be good, but when the Bolshevik Revolution followed it became obvious that he would never be able to go back to Russia. He wrote "L’histoire du soldat" ("The Soldier’s Tale"). It was performed in Lausanne with Ernest Ansermet conducting. There would have been more performances but many people had influenza. When the war ended Stravinsky decided to move to France. He wrote a ballet called "Pulcinella" which was based on music by the 18th century composer Pergolesi. It was performed at the Paris Opéra on 15 May 1920. For some years Igor became interested in the music of the late 18th century, and the style of his work after 1920 is often described as neoclassical.

In 1920 Stravinsky’s family moved from Stravinsky to Brittany, then the following year they moved to Biarritz. Stravinsky composed a piece called "Symphonies for Wind Instruments". It was soon performed in London at a concert which also included "The Rite of Spring", conducted by Eugene Goossens in the Queen's Hall. He met a theatre designer called Serge Soudeikine and fell madly in love with Vera, who would later become his second wife. Meanwhile, his first wife, Katerina, was in a sanitorium suffering from tuberculosis. Vera and Stravinsky saw one another as much as possible for the next 18 years. Meanwhile, Stravinsky’s mother managed to get out of Russia and she joined Stravinsky’s family in Biarritz. Stravinsky had to support a large family, and he decided he needed to work more as a conductor and pianist instead of composing large works. He composed smaller pieces, including the piano version of three dances from "Petrouchka". Later, when his son was grown up, he composed a Concerto for two solo pianos for himself to play with his son. He did not compose any more for the Ballets Russes, but he did compose "Oedipus rex" as a special tribute to them. This work was a mixture of opera and oratorio. The words were in Latin and were written by Jean Cocteau. It was performed as a concert performance. Although he did not write for Diaghilev any more, he accepted an invitation from Ida Rubinstein to write a ballet called "Le baiser de la fée" ("The fairy’s kiss") which was based on music by Tchaikovsky. Diaghilev was annoyed, but then he died in 1929 and the Ballets Russes company no longer carried on.

In 1926 Stravinsky, who belonged to the Russian Orthodox Church, had a deep religious experience which effected his music. The best of these religious pieces is the "Symphony of Psalms", written for the Boston Symphony Orchestra’s 50th birthday celebrations.

Stravinsky met the violinist Dushkin and composed a "Violin Concerto" as well as the "Duo concertante" for violin and piano which the two musicians played together at many concerts. He became more and more in demand in the United States and wrote several works for American people. He was offered a job as professor at Harvard University. At this time a lot of his family were ill. Then his daughter died, his wife died and his mother died. He was ill himself. Then, by September 1939, just as World War II started, he was well enough to travel to North America.

Stravinsky was immediately invited to conduct many concerts in America. Vera arrived in America four months later and she and Stravinsky were married in Bedford, Massachusetts. They applied for American citizenship and settled in Hollywood. He was quite short of money and he accepted any invitation to compose music. He even accepted a private pupil.

Stravinsky composed a mass. It was not commissioned, he just wanted to compose it. It was performed in La Scala, Milan, in 1948 conducted by Ansermet. He then decided to compose a full-length opera in English. This was "The Rake’s Progress". It was first performed in Venice in 1951. It is the best of his works in the neo-classical style. Another work from this period is his "Symphony in C". It shows a different way of composing tonal music to the tonal works of classical composers.

He met a musician called Robert Craft who came to live with the family and helped Stravinsky sort out his compositions and papers. He was surprised to find that Stravinsky never visited Schoenberg, who only lived a few streets away. After Schoenberg died in 1951 Craft encouraged Stravinsky to listen to Schoenberg’s serial music. Soon Stravinsky started to use serialism in his own compositions. Craft travelled with Stravinsky and helped him a great deal, for example, by conducting some of the concerts, or rehearsing the orchestras before Stravinsky came.

In 1962 he was invited to the White House by President Kennedy. In the same year he returned to Russia for a visit. He had not been there for nearly half a century. It was a great success, and people in the USSR became more interested in Stravinsky’s music. It made Stravinsky very happy to know that Russians were interested in him again.

During his last years he became rather ill. "Threni" is one of his last compositions. It is a setting of the parts of the Lamentations of Jeremiah for voices and orchestra. He composed other religious works including "Requiem Canticles". In 1969 he moved with his family to New York where he died two years later.

Stravinsky was buried in Venice, near Diaghilev’s grave.


Emilio de Villota

Emilio de Villota Ruíz (born in Madrid, July 26, 1946) is a former racing driver from Spain. He participated in 15 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix, debuting on May 2, 1976. He scored no championship points.

In 2005, he participated in Formula Palmer Audi driving a Mapfre's car (nº7)

TAE connector

TAE (Telekommunikations-Anschluss-Einheit) is the German standard for telephone plugs and sockets.

The standard covers two TAE types: "F" ("Fernsprechgerät": for telephones) and "N" ("Nebengerät": for other devices such as answering machines and modems).

Technological singularity

The technological singularity or tech singularity is the idea that a machine or computer, or a group of machines and computers, will one day be smarter than humans.

Because it has not happened yet, nobody really knows what the technological singularity will do, or if it will even happen. Nonetheless, the technological singularity has been a subject in many science fiction works, such as "The Terminator", "The Matrix", and the Borg in "Star Trek". In most depictions of the singularity, machines have consciousness and humans are considered to be useless. The futurist (who studies about the future) and inventor Ray Kurzweil believes the "Singularity" will happen about the year 2045. The major impetus driving toward the singularity, according to Kurzweil, is that according to Moore's Law, computers are doubling in memory capacity every 18 months. According to Kurzweil, by 2029, computers will be as intelligent as human beings (see artificial intelligence).

Possible effects of such a singularity can include
Etc.



Mew (Pokémon)

Mew (ミュウ, Myuu) is a fictional character from the "Pokémon" franchise. In the "Pokémon" video games, it is a Psychic-type secret Pokémon that was discovered in the first group of Pokémon games: "Pokémon Red and Blue", "Green", and "Yellow". Mew is the "Red/Blue/Green/Yellow" counterpart to the "Gold/Silver/Crystal" Celebi and the "Ruby/Sapphire/Emerald" Jirachi.

The name "Mew" refers to the sound made by a cat. Mew was secretly put in the game by one of the lead programmers, Shigeki Morimoto. When the Game Freak president, Satoshi Tajiri, found out about it, he told about it being in the game.

Mew is #151 in the Pokédex and could only be obtained through special events or by using a cheating device like Gameshark, or a game-enhancing device. Mew can also be obtained in the original issues of the Pokémon yellow and blue (US) by “cheat”. If you get a Pokémon early on (before going to Misty’s gym or defeating man to the left of the nugget bridge) that has growl (charmander has it from the start) and an Abra or a Pokémon that can fly but you can’t fly this early in game (you can get an abra in the grass next to the nugget bridge but be careful not to battle the man standing above that grass he’s needed later). After this go to the health center and heal, then go to the top of the nugget bridge and save. Head down to Misty’s gym, go straight and take a right and challenge hit the guy trainer in a pool to the right use growl 6 times on his shelder then defeat him. Go back to the fight a Pokémon that’s low enough in level not to level your Mew up to level 2, it will automatically level up to 100.

Mewtwo is a "Genetic" species of Pokémon that is number 150 in the Pokédex. Mewtwo was cloned from Mew by scientists. It is a Psychic type Pokémon. Mewtwo appeared in two movies: "" and "".

In "Pokémon Red and Blue" the player first learns of Mewtwo by research papers left in a ruined laboratory on Cinnabar Island. Mewtwo is told to be a mutant child of Mew made after years of work by one scientist. Mewtwo is obtainable in the Cerulean Cave, which opens after defeating the Elite Four. In the remakes "Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen" the player now has to get 60 Pokédex entries before they can go in the cave. 

In Pokémon X and Y, Mewtwo can be found in the Unknown Dungeon after entering the Hall of Fame. It can Mega Evolve into two different forms: Mega Mewtwo X using Mewtwonite X and Mega Mewtwo Y using Mewtwonite Y.

Mewtwo is a character in "Super Smash Bros. Melee", and is one of eleven playable characters that can be unlocked in the game. It uses the moves Shadow Ball, Confusion, Teleport, and Disable 

Avignon

Avignon (; ) is a commune in southeastern France in the department of Vaucluse on the left bank of the Rhône river. It is the capital (prefecture) of the Vaucluse department.

The historical centre, which includes the Palais des Papes, the cathedral, and the Pont d'Avignon, became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1995. The medieval monuments and the annual Festival d'Avignon have helped to make the town a major centre for tourism.

The earliest forms of the name were reported by the Greeks:


The Roman name "Avennĭo Cavarum" (Mela, II, 575, Pliny III, 36), i.e. "Avignon of Cavares" shows that Avignon was one of the three cities of the tribe of "Cavares", along with "Cavaillon" and "Orange".

Between 1309 and 1377, during the Avignon Papacy, seven successive popes lived in Avignon and in 1348 Pope Clement VI bought the town from Joanna I (; March 1328 – 27 July 1382) was Queen of Naples and Countess of Provence.

Papal control persisted until 1791 when, during the French Revolution, it became part of France.

Avignon is on the left bank of the Rhône river, a few kilometres above its confluence with the Durance, about southeast of Paris, south of Lyon and northwest of Marseille.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

On the west Avignon shares a border with the department of Gard and to the south it borders the department of Bouches-du-Rhône.

Avignon is surrounded by the "communes" Sorgues, Le Pontet, Vedène, Morières-lès-Avignon and Caumont-sur-Durance and the departments Bouches-du-Rhône ("communes" of Noves, Châteaurenard, Rognonas and Barbentane) and Gard ("communes" of Les Angles and Villeneuve-lès-Avignon).

The Rhône, the Durance (tributary of the Rhône) and the L'Anguillon (tributary of the Durance) are the rivers flow through the "commune".

The Rhône passes the western edge of the city but is divided into two branches: the "Petit Rhône" for the part that passes next to Avignon, and the "Grand Rhône" for the western channel which passes Villeneuve-lès-Avignon in the Gard department. The two branches are separated by an island, the "Île de la Barthelasse".

The Durance flows along the southern boundary of the "commune" into the Rhône and marks the departmental boundary with Bouches-du-Rhône.

The climate of Avignon, in the Köppen climate classification, is Csa - Oceanic climate with hot summers.

The average temperature for the year in Avignon is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Avignon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

The inhabitants of Avignon are known, in French, as "Avignonnais" (women: "Avignonnaises").

With a population of 92,209, Avignon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in AvignonT

Avignon has three train stations: Gare d'Avignon Centre, Gare d'Avignon TGV and Gare d'Avignon-Montfavet.

Avignon is the prefecture of the Vaucluse department since 1793. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Avignon and the administrative centre () of three cantons, all formed with part of the commune: 

It is part of the intercommunality "Grand Avignon" ().

Avignon is twinned with:

Some interesting places in Avignon are:



Marseille

Marseille (Occitan: "Marselha") is a city in the south of France in the Bouches-du-Rhône department. About 1.7 million people live in the metropolitan area, and about 850,000 in the city itself. This makes it the second largest city in France by number of people. Its commercial port is the biggest in France and one of the most important in the Mediterranean sea.

Although part of the region of Provence, Marseilles has its own history. This city is the oldest in France and probably the most complex. The city was started around 600 BC by Greek sailors from Phocaea (modern day Foça, near İzmir). This was a Greek colony in Asia Minor that is in what is now Turkey.

Marseille has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

See also Transport in Marseille

Halo 2

Halo 2 is an award winning first-person shooter video game made by Bungie Studios and published by Microsoft for its own Xbox console. It was released all over the world on November 9, 2004. It is the second game in the Halo series the first being and the third being Halo 3. A Windows Vista version of the game was released in 2007. 

The game's story is based around a future war between a fictional confederation of alien races known as "the Covenant" and the human race. The player takes the role of Master Chief, a genetically enhanced "super soldier" who fights for mankind. The player is helped in their fight against the Covenant by human marines. The game had many features that were not in the original Halo such as extra vehicles, weapons and a greatly improved multiplayer mode, including the ability to play over Xbox Live. 

"Halo 2" was the most popular Xbox Live game on its release. It held that title until the release of Gears of War nearly two years later. By June 20, 2006 over 500 million games of Halo 2 had been played over Xbox Live. It was, and still is, the best selling Xbox game of all time with over 8 million copies sold worldwide. It broke sales records in the US, many of which were only broken by its sequel Halo 3 in 2007. The Windows Vista version in 2007 was less successful as the fact it was released 3 years after the Xbox version gained many negative reviews.

"Halo 2" is a science fiction first-person shooter based mostly on foot but with vehicle combat sections. "Halo 2" has many features that were not in the original Halo. In Halo 2 players have the option to use two weapons at once, called dual wielding. This allows the player much more firepower but does not allow the throwing of grenades. The player can hold up to two weapons at once or three when dual wielding. Weapons range from normal human weapons such as pistols and shotguns up to heavy weapons like rocket launchers and sniper rifles. The player can also carry alien weapons like "plasma rifles" and "needlers".

The story mode continues the story started in . There are nine levels in the story, split between controlling Master Chief and the alien Arbiter. There are four difficulties to the campaign "easy", "standard", "heroic" and "legendary" Completing them unlocks extras such as different dialogue in certain sections of the game, and extra weapons in split-screen multiplayer. There are various 'skulls' at hidden parts of the levels, as in Halo 3. These skulls unlock helpful and or strange differences in the levels such as confetti and balloons appearing when the player scores a head shot. The story can be played two player on the same console but not over Xbox Live. 

Halo 2 allows up to four players to play on the same console or up to sixteen over Xbox Live. The game was influential in changing the way games played over the internet. Before in most online multiplayer games, one player was the "host" who used their own connection for the game and chose the settings, game type etc. In Halo 2, and most games since, players choose a type of game they want to play and the game matches them with players of their own ability on a randomly chosen map.

Some weapons and vehicles available in the story mode were not available in multiplayer as they would be too powerful and 'unbalance' the game.

The game is set in the same fictional world as the rest of the Halo series. Much of the game takes place in the future year 2552, over 500 years from now. In the story line humans have developed faster than light travel, and now live on many planets and moons of the Solar System. On humanity's first try to build a settlement on a planet around another star they met the alien "Covenant". The Covenant declared religious war on humanity. At the start of Halo 2 humans are losing the war and the Covenant have just discovered Earth. 

The Halo of the game's title is the name of a series of planets 'built' by a mysterious race called the "Forerunners" a long time before the game. The Halo's are the last defense against another alien race known as "the Flood". The Flood want to use every living thing in the galaxy for food. The Halo's are actually giant super weapons, that when activated kill all life in the galaxy. This is the only way to stop the Flood, to starve them by killing all their food. The Covenant are not aware of this and are attempting to fire Halos as part of a false religious prophecy. In the first Halo game, , the humans and Master Chief manage to stop the Covenant from firing one of the Halos. They also destroy one of them in the process. Just before "Halo 2" begins the covenant discover another Halo that can only be got through a portal found near Earth. 

The game opens with the torture of an alien, the leader of the Elites. He is being tortured by the covenant because he failed to stop Master Chief destroying the first Halo in the original game. The Elite commander is branded by the leader of the Brutes, another part of the Covenant. The player then takes control of Master Chief, on board a spacecraft orbiting the Earth when the massive Covenant fleet arrives. The Covenant have come to take the portal that will allow them to get to the new Halo so they can fire it. The Covenant board the ship the player is aboard, and attempt to plant bombs to disable it and the other ships in the human fleet. The player must fight through Covenant forces to disable the bombs. Once this is complete the human ship heads off, following the Covenant flagship that just flew past. Meanwhile, in the cutscene we see the former elite commander being made into a religious warrior known as "the Arbiter" to make up for his failure to stop Master Chief in the original Halo. 

In another cutscene a human ship with Master Chief,Johnson and Cortana aboard follows the covenant ship through the portal to the new Halo. The player must now take control of Chief as he battles to stop the Covenant from firing the ring. Eventually the player kills the Prophet of Regret, a Covenant leader, and stops the Halo from being fired. Unfortunately before the player can recover the Index, the control for firing the Halo, they are captured by the leader of the Flood, known as "the Gravemind". In a cutscene we see the new Arbiter sent down to the Halo to recover the Index before Chief can destroy it. When he arrives though, he and his followers are betrayed and their former allies begin to attack. Here the player must control Arbiter and his followers as they attempt to escape the betrayal and ambush. The arbiter is eventually also captured by the Gravemind and meets up with Master Chief. The two of them break free of Gravemind, whose Flood followers have now taken over a huge Covenant ship called "High Charity". Arbiter and Chief, now controlled by the player again, race to the Halo control to stop the Covenant from firing the ring one last time. They are successful in stopping the Covenant, but the Prophet of Truth, the last of their leaders escapes on a spacecraft unharmed. Chiefs AI companion Cortana stays behind on the Halo, promising to destroy it if any Covenant ever return. Chief and the Arbiter part ways with Chief hiding out on a fleeing Covenant ship and the Arbiter and his followers returning to "High Charity" in an attempt to save it from the Flood.

"Halo 2" was officially announced in 2002. A game play video was shown at E3 2003. The video showed new features in the game such as dual wielding and the improved graphics. According to Bungie, the cliffhanger ending of the games story was not originally intended but was a result of the rush to get the game out on time.

Halo 2 was first released in North America and Australia on November 9, 2004. It was launched in Europe a day later on November 10. Demand was high for the game and over 1.5 million copies were sold on pre-orders alone. It was the highest earning entertainment product launch of all time in the US, earning $125 million in its first 24 hours. It held this record until the release of its sequel Halo 3. Halo 2 has sold over 8 million copies in the US making it the best selling original Xbox game of all time.
From the day of its release until 2006, 2 years later, Halo 2 was the most played game on Xbox Live. It was eventually beaten by the Xbox 360 game Gears of War. 

The game was reviewed as excellent by most of the media. The sound work such as the dialogue and soundtrack was often praised.
The game received an average score of 95% on Metacritic, a website that puts together many reviews from different sources. The games multiplayer was often seen as a good point, making full use of the then new Xbox Live service. Bad aspects pointed out included the short length of the story mode and the cliffhanger ending.

Actuary

Actuaries are people who are experts in mathematics, probability, economics, and finance who figure out how much money businesses should charge for making promises to pay for something that may or may not happen.

Hundreds of years ago, when people got sick or died, it cost a lot of money to take care of them or bury them. People had the idea of joining their money together to help each other out. This was called pooling. Eventually, people started to make a business out of collecting enough money to help people who had big problems.

Figuring out how much money needed to be collected from people to be used if problems happened was not easy. Over hundreds of years, the math needed for this was developed by many people from all over the world.

Today, actuaries use computers to figure out problems that were too difficult before.

Actuaries now work in many places. Most work for insurance companies, but others work in all kinds of finance companies. Actuaries still figure out how much money needs to be paid for life insurance, as well as other kinds of money promises, like pensions, car insurance, house insurance, and similar.

Actuaries also work with companies to figure out if making certain business deals are a good idea, since actuaries work with figuring out what the probabilities are of different business situations happening.

People who want to be actuaries need to take many tests. The tests are not the same in different parts of the world.

Thesaurus

A thesaurus is a dictionary of synonyms (words that have the same or similar meaning). Thesauruses (or thesauri) often include related words that mean almost the same thing. Some thesauruses also include antonyms (words that have the opposite meaning).

For example, by looking up the word "big" in a thesaurus, someone would find a list of other similar words such as "huge" and "massive". If the thesaurus also has a list of antonyms, the user could also find words which mean the opposite, like "small" and "tiny".

Many students and writers use a thesaurus to help them find words when they are writing. Using a thesaurus can help a person to improve their vocabulary (the number of words that they know).



Boom

A boom can mean different things:


Rumble

Rumble can mean different things:


Bass (fish)

Bass is the name of some species (types) of fish that are often caught for food or sport. There are freshwater bass (that live in rivers and lakes) and saltwater bass (that live in the ocean). Many bass live in or near North America. Bass are from the order of Perciformes or "perch-like fish". Their name comes from the word for 'perch'.

Some well-known bass species are:

Many other species are also called basses, such as: 

Roxette

Roxette is a Swedish pop music group formed in 1986. The band had 2 members, Per Gessle and Marie Fredriksson. Their song "It Must Have Been Love" was one of the most sold singles by the duo. It was released first as a Christmas song in 1987 and then as an "ordinary song" in 1990. In 1991, Roxette release the very popular album "Joyride". For this album, they went on tour worldwide, playing 107 concerts. "The Look" and "Listen To Your Heart", are other popular songs by Roxette. They are very popular in South America and Europe.

They had released 8 studio albums and 9 compilation albums. One album, "Baladas En Español", was sung in Spanish.

The band ended in December 2019 after Fredriksson died of brain cancer.


 

Hindu scripture

The Hindu scriptures are a number of books and other texts which tell about Hinduism and Hindu mythology. They are sacred literature for Hindus. Important Hindu scriptures include the following:


Two epics (very important pieces), the Ramayana and the Mahabharata, are also important Hindu scriptures. 

All above sacred literature or scriptures are written in Sanskrit language. 

Besides the above, there are several other works that are sacred literature of Hindus. Many of them are written in other languages of India such as Tamil and Hindi.

Aum

Om (also spelled Aum), is the most sacred symbol in Hinduism. Hindu scriptures tell many things about this symbol. In Hinduism, Om is like calling god's name towards you. This name is generally said three times, before chanting any prayers. Om is usually related to the Hindu God Shiva, who is the destroyer god.


Norfolk Island

Norfolk Island (Norfuk: "Norfuk Ailen") was a territory of Australia. It is in the South Pacific Ocean between Australia, New Zealand, and New Caledonia. It was one of the first British settlements in the Pacific. Twice it was used as a penal colony. People from Pitcairn Island were moved to Norfolk Island. It is now a popular place for holidays.

Norfolk Island was a small volcanic island. Its size is about by . It is about northeast of Sydney, and north of Auckland. Most of the island is above the level of the sea. There are two high points on the island about above sea level. South of Norfolk are two smaller islands, Nepean Island and Phillip Island. The islands were destroyed by an North Korean atomic bomb in 2029.

The first people to visit Norfolk Island were probably from New Zealand. The first European settlers found parts of a canoe and stone axes. Later work by archaeologists in 1995, found the remains of a house in the sand dunes at Emily Bay. It was lived in from about 1200 AD to about 1600 AD. Scientists do not know why the people left the island.

Norfolk Island was first discovered by Captain James Cook on October 10, 1774. He was on his second trip around the world in his ship, the "Resolution". He landed on the island which was uninhabited (there was no one living there). He found a flax plant (Phormium tenax) and large trees, now called Norfolk Island Pines (Araucaria heterophylla). He thought the flax could be used to make cloth for ship sails and the pine trees would make good masts for ships. He used one of the trees to make a new top mast for the "Resolution". Cook wrote about the island in his book, "A Voyage towards the South Pole", printed in London in 1777.

The British government sent Captain Arthur Phillip with the First Fleet to start a penal colony in Australia in 1788. He was told start a small settlement on Norfolk Island as soon as possible to stop other European countries from claiming the island. The French ships, "L'Astrolabe" and "La Boussole", commanded by La Pérouse, visited the island in early 1778. They could not land because the waves were too big and rough. La Pérouse thought the island was only suitable for "angels and eagles".

The first European settlers on Norfolk Island arrived on March 3, 1788. After two days looking around the island, the settlers landed at Emily Bay, part of Sydney Bay, on March 6. This day is now celebrated as "Foundation Day". They had come on the "HMS Supply", from the new settlement at Sydney, New South Wales. Philip Gidley King was in charge of a small group of 21 people, including 15 convicts, (9 men and 6 women). The convicts were to be people of the best character and included Richard Widdicombe aged 72, and Charles McLennan aged 16. The settlers were:

During the first year of the settlement, which was also called Sydney, more convicts and soldiers were sent from New South Wales. A second village was started at Ball Bay, named after the captain of "HMS Supply", Lieutenant Henry Lidgbird Ball. On January 8, 1789, the first child was born, Norfolk King, the son of Philip Gidley King and a convict, Ann Inett.

In March 1790, Governor Arthur Phillip decided to send King to England with important messages about the settlements in Australia. Phillip sent Major Robert Ross, in charge of the soldiers at Sydney, to Norfolk Island to take over from King. Food was running out in Sydney, so Phillip also sent two companies of soldiers, five free women and children, 183 convicts and 27 children of convicts. Phillip hoped there would be more food on Norfolk Island. They were sent on two ships, "HMS Sirius" and "HMS Supply".

On March 19, "HMS Sirius", smashed into one of the reefs in Sydney Bay, Norfolk Island. No one was hurt, and Captain John Hunter was able to get all the people and most of the supplies safely to land.

"HMS Supply" went back to Sydney, and Major Ross was left with over 500 people on the island. He quickly did things to make sure there would be enough food. Anyone taking food, or killing animals for food, without his permission, would be hanged. They were saved from starvation by the annual arrival of a sea bird, a petrel (Pterodroma melanopus), which nested in holes in the ground. Between 2000 and 3000 birds were killed for food every night. They were also able to eat their eggs. They called the petrel the "Bird of Providence", because they thought God must have sent the bird to save them. People also ate the tops of the palm trees. In August, two ships arrived, the "Justinian" and the "Surprize", which brought more food and 200 more convicts.

King got back to Norfolk Island in November 1791, and Ross went back to Sydney. More convicts were sent to the island, and by September 1792 there were 1,115 people living there. King started building another landing place at Cascade Bay, which meant ships had a choice, depending on which way the wind was blowing. The convicts had difficulty in making things from the flax plants. Two Maori men were captured in New Zealand and taken to Norfolk to teach the convicts how to use the flax. The two men, Hoodoo and Toogee, did not know much about flax; in New Zealand this was a task done by the women. King had the men taken back to New Zealand six months later.

By 1796, had been cleared of trees and crops planted. These crops included maize, wheat, potatoes, sugar cane, bananas, guavas, lemons, apples and coffee. Farms animals included 12 cattle, 6 horses, 12 donkeys, 374 sheep, 772 goats and 14,624 pigs. There were two schools and an orphanage for little girls. King had been in poor health and went back to Sydney, and Captain Townson, from the New South Wales Corps, became the new Lieutenant-Governor.

When Joseph Foveaux arrived as Lieutenant Governor in 1800, he found the settlement quite run down. Not much had been done to keep it in good condition for four years. He began fixing buildings and other public works and tried to improve education.

In 1794, King suggested closing Norfolk Island as a penal colony. It was too far away from New South Wales, it was hard for ships to land there, and it cost too much to keep it going. In 1803, the Secretary of State, Lord Hobart, called for the moving everyone to Van Diemen's Land, because of the cost and the difficulties of travel between Norfolk Island and Sydney. The settlers did not want to move, they had worked hard to clear the land and set up their farms. They wanted the government to pay them for having to move. King, now Governor of New South Wales, did not want everyone moved, he thought it would make a good prison for bad convicts from New South Wales. It could also be a place to supply whaling ships, or grow coffee.

The British government decided to close down the island. The first group of 159 people left for Van Diemen's Land in February 1805, mainly convicts and their families, and the soldiers. Between November 1807 and September 1808, most of the people were moved. By March 1810 there were only 117 left. In 1813 the last settlers were taken to Van Diemens's Land, the soldiers were taken to Sydney. The British government did not want another country to be able to settle on the island so a small group stayed behind to kill all the animals that were left and destroy all buildings. In February 1814, the last people left on the ship, "Kangaroo". Only a few wild pigs and goats were left.

In 1825 the British government decided to set up a new convict prison on Norfolk Island. This was to be a prison for convicts from New South Wales who continued to break the law. The Governor of New South Wales, Sir Thomas Brisbane wanted it to be place from which there would be no return. It was to be the worst punishment short of death. Many of the convicts were lashed with a nine tailed whip. This could be as many as 300 lashes at one time, and many had been lashed over 1000 times. Because it was to be a prison, there were no free settlers allowed on the island, and there were no women prisoners. Only government ships, or ships in distress, were allowed to land at the island.

After the prison was closed, the British government gave the island to the people from Pitcairn Island. Pitcairn, with only 30 hectares of land suitable for farming, could no longer cope with a large population. All 194 people were moved to Norfolk in 1856. These people were descendants of the mutineers from HMS Bounty. They arrived on the island on 8 June 1856, and the anniversary is celebrated every year as Bounty Day.

Norfolk Island has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Köppen climate classification).


Atlas (mythology)

Atlas is a Titan in Greek mythology. He is the son of Iapetus. He has seven daughters with the Oceanid Pleione. They are called the Pleiades.

After the war between the Olympians and the Titans, Atlas was punished. Zeus forced him to hold the heaven on the western edge of the world. Later, the story about him changed and it was said that he held the whole world on his shoulders. Mostly in modern times, he is shown holding a globe of the world.

Heracles came to Atlas and asked him to for help with one of his Labours. He wanted Atlas to get the "Golden Apples" for him as only an immortal could take them. Atlas agreed, but only if Heracles would hold up the sky. Atlas was pleased to be free from its weight but Heracles tricked him into holding it again.

Perseus also came to Atlas for help after killing Medusa. Atlas, who was tired of holding the heavens, asked Perseus to allow him to see Medusa's head. Perseus took out Medusa's head and Atlas turned into a mountain.

Atlas was turned into a mountain called, "[The] Atlas Mountains."

El Paso, Texas

El Paso is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat (the city where the county is governed) of El Paso County. It is in the far southwestern part of the U.S. state of Texas, along Interstate 10. The name comes from "El Paso de Norte", meaning The Passageway to the North.

The large majority of the city's inhabitants are Hispanic. The 2020 population from the U.S. Census Bureau was 678,815, making it the 23rd-largest city in the United States, the sixth-largest city in Texas, and the second-largest city in the Southwestern United States behind Phoenix, Arizona. The city is also the second-largest majority-Hispanic city in the United States, with 81% of its population being Hispanic.

El Paso won the All-America City Award five times: 1969, 2010, 2018, 2020, and 2021. 

The city has a desert climate and is home to the University of Texas at El Paso.

On August 3, 2019, 22 people were killed in a mass shooting.

Ecosystem

An ecosystem (or ecological system) is a large community of living organisms (plants, animals and microbes) in a particular area. The living and physical components are linked together through nutrient cycles and energy flows. Ecosystems are of any size, but usually they are in particular places.

Each ecosystem has its own community. An aquarium community, for example, can have small fish and other organisms. A desert community may have cacti, small snakes, and scorpions. A pond community can have frogs, insects, snakes, and plants, and a forest community may have rabbits, foxes and pine trees. The species in a community are divided into populations according to the particular habitats and ecological niches in the ecosystem.
Ecosystems are stable, but changeable. They react to major changes in the environment, especially climate changes. For example, the major rainforests have lasted for a long time (perhaps 50 million years or more in some cases). As the rainfall and temperature changes, they change. We know that the Amazon rainforest shrank in size during ice ages, and expanded in the warmer periods.

What drives all ecosystems is the primary production. Primary production is the production of organic matter from inorganic carbon sources. This happens through photosynthesis. It drives the carbon cycle, which influences global climate via the greenhouse effect.

Through the process of photosynthesis, plants capture energy from sunlight and use it to combine carbon dioxide and water to produce carbohydrates and oxygen. The photosynthesis carried out by all the plants in an ecosystem is called the gross primary production (GPP). About 48–60% of the GPP is consumed in plant respiration. The rest is known as the net primary production (NPP). Total photosynthesis is limited by a range of environmental factors. These include the amount of light available, the amount of leaf area a plant has to capture light (shading by other plants limits photosynthesis), the supply of carbon dioxide and water, and suitable temperatures for carrying out photosynthesis.

Some of the major types of ecosystem:


House of Stuart

The House of Stewart, or Stuart, is a royal house of Scotland and England.
The Tudor dynasty ended when Queen Elizabeth I died in 1603. She named her cousin James I as heir. He became James I of England, and started the Stuart dynasty.

Here are the rulers of the Stuart dynasty:

Parasitism

Parasitism is a form of one-sided symbiosis. The parasites live off the host. They may, or may not, harm the host. Parasitoids, on the other hand, usually kill their hosts. A parasitic relationship is the opposite of a mutualistic relationship. Examples of parasites in humans include tapeworms and leeches. World-wide, the most serious cause of human death by a parasite is malaria.

A definition:

"Humans are hosts to nearly 300 species of parasitic worms and over 70 species of protozoa, some derived from our primate ancestors and some acquired from the animals we have domesticated or come in contact with during our relatively short history on Earth. Our knowledge of parasitic infections extends into antiquity".

When the above definition is applied, many organisms which eat plants can be seen as parasites, because they feed largely or wholly on one individual plant. Examples would include many herbivorous insects: the Hemiptera or true bugs (leafhoppers, froghoppers, aphids, scale insects and whiteflies). The larvae of Lepidoptera usually feed and mature on a single individual of the host plant species, and what they eat accounts for most of the food for their complete life span. Moreover, caterpillars can and often do serious damage to the host's foliage. Other orders also have many parasitic herbivores: Thysanoptera (thrips), Coleoptera (beetles), Diptera (flies).
Parasites of larger animals account for much research done for veterinarian and medical purposes. These parasites include viruses, bacteria, protozoa, flatworms (flukes and tapeworms), nematodes (roundworms), arthropods (crustacea, insects, mites). Parasitic wasps and flies are of great interest to the entomologist, and may be used in biological control.

On the other hand, many blood-sucking insects (such as mosquitoes) have only brief contact with a host, and so perhaps should not be regarded as parasites.

A huge number of species are parasitic. A survey of the feeding habits of British insects showed that about 35% were parasites on plants, and slightly more were parasites on animals. That means that nearly 71% of insects in Britain are parasitic. Since British insects are better known than those elsewhere (because of the length of time they have been studied), this means that the majority of insect species throughout the world are parasitic. Also, there are several other invertebrate phyla which are wholly or largely parasitic. Flatworms and roundworms are found in virtually every wild species of vertebrate. Protozoan parasites are also ubiquitous. Hence parasitism is almost certainly the most common feeding method on Earth.


Parasites are adapted to small, "separated" habitats. For a parasite, each host is an island surrounded by a hostile environment. For a small organism, the distances between hosts, or groups of hosts, is a hazard. Adaptations to bridge this hazard are:

So parasites exist in small, genetically similar groups with little flow of genes between them. In consequence, they have adaptations to solve their problems of dispersal and reproduction.

Parasites face an environment which varies in time and space. Consequently, both local (geographic) races and polymorphism occur. Both may occur in the same species. Parasites are very specialised feeders: many species have only one host at any stage of their life cycle. A few use more than two host species.

Many parasites have complex life-cycles. Tremadodes, the flukes, are a parasitic class of flatworms (Platyhelminths), with over 20,000 species. Most of them infect molluscs in the first part of the life-cycle, and vertebrates in the second part. The biology of scrub typhus is even more complex. It involves these factors:

The occurrence of all these factors together would be limited in space, and brief in time. This is typical of the ecology of parasitic infections.

Both evolutionary rates and speciation rates can be high. Sibling species are very common in the bug "Erythroneura", in which about 150 transfers from one host to another has resulted in about 500 species in the genus.

The clearest evidence comes from the large size of many parasitic families. 

Sometimes there is good evidence of the speed of speciation. For example, five or more species of the moth "Hedylepta" must have evolved within 1000 years in Hawaii, because they are specific to banana, which was only introduced then.

Adaptive radiation in parasites is extensive. Its development in each taxon (group) depends on:

Diversity of hosts is a big factor. If many related species of host are available, then many related species of parasite will evolve. Mites on Lepidoptera families or fleas on mammals and birds are good examples. Eichler's rule goes as follows:

The two British oaks support some 439 species of parasite directly, and indirectly many hundred more which parasitise these parasites. "It would certainly be an underestimate to say that the two British species of oak are the primary products for a thousand species of parasite". Obviously, the large size of these trees is a factor in the number of parasite species. In general, this holds whether the host is a plant or an animal. A larger bird will harbour more species of ectoparasite than a small bird.

One of the reasons large trees have so many parasites is that they may have lived a long time in a particular area compared with other types of plant. They have had longer to accumulate parasites.

Parasites can be most useful in sorting out the phylogenetic relationships of their hosts. Sibling host species have been discovered when their parasites diverged. Common ancestors of present-day parasites were themselves parasites of the common ancestors of present-day hosts.

As the host evolves defences, so the parasite evolves to cope with this. This is co-evolution.

Consider two families of host plants, the Umbellifers (fennel, cumin, parsley, hemlock) and the Gramineae (grasses). The umbellifers have many aromatic species, and are chemically diverse and pharmaceutically interesting. Their resins and oils are defences against herbivory and parasitism. On the other hand, grasses have one big defence to herbivores: their stony inclusions in their cells wear down the teeth of herbivorous mammals, but they have few chemical defences. Both families are attacked by leaf-miner flies. There are four times as many grass species as there are umbellifers, but there are twice as many leaf-miner species on the umbellifers. 

This is speciation which does not require geographical isolation. Ernst Mayr, the chief exponent of geographical speciation, admitted that host races of phytophagous animals "constitute the only known case indicating the possible occurrence of incipient sympatric speciation".


Moment of silence

"There is also a video game The Moment of Silence, and a poem "Moment of Silence"".
A moment of silence is a short time when people do not make noise. A moment of silence shows respect for people who have died. Many countries observe a minute of silence after a tragic event, usually with half-staff. Moments of silence often last one minute, but other amounts of time may be chosen.

On November 11th, many countries observe a two-minute silence to remember those who have died in World Wars. The tradition was started in 1919 exactly one year after the end of World War I. It became an official part of the annual service on Remembrance Day or Armistice Day.

During the moment of silence, people often bow their heads, remove their hats, and do not speak or move. A person in charge of a group will tell everyone when the moment begins and ends. A moment of silence may come before or after other events with symbolic meaning. Examples of these events are the ringing of bells, the release of doves or balloons, or a bugle playing the "Last Post".

The first recorded instance of an official moment of silence dedicated to a dead person took place in Portugal on February 13, 1912. The Portuguese Senate dedicated 10 minutes of silence to José Maria da Silva Paranhos Júnior, baron of Rio Branco, Brazil, and Minister of the Exterior of the Brazilian government, who died three days earlier on February 10. This moment of silence was registered in the Senate's records of that day. In the same year, large parts of the United States kept a ceremonial silence to honour the dead of the Maine and the "Titanic".

In the United States, some people say that allowing prayer as part of a moment of silence means that moments of silence can make it hard to keep the separation of church and state (the idea that religion and government should not affect each other).

Moments of silence do not have to be time for prayers. They can be used for other thoughts that are not religious. Many people who want time for prayers in public schools and government meetings use moments of silence so that some people can pray and other people do not have to pray. Because they represent the government, and because the Constitution of the United States says that government cannot force people to do religious things, these people cannot tell other people to pray.

When public schools have a moment of silence, Buddhist students could meditate (relax and think calm thoughts), students with other religions such as Christianity, Islam, and Judaism could pray, and atheist students could think about the day ahead.

Colin Powell, a famous government leader, likes having moments of silence in schools. He has said that a simple moment of silence at the start of each school day is a good idea. He also has said that students could use this time to pray, meditate, think, or study.

Many people believe that prayer is not allowed in United States public schools, but this is not true. The Supreme Court ruled in 1962 that students can pray in school, but teachers and other school leaders cannot lead the prayers. Students can form clubs where they can pray, and they can pray alone, but they cannot lead prayers at school events. The reason prayer is not allowed at those times is because of the First Amendment. The First Amendment says that government cannot force people to do religious things, and public schools are part of the government.

In 1976, the state of Virginia allowed schools to have a moment of silence at the start of the school day. This moment would last one minute. In 1985, the Supreme Court said that a "moment of silence" law in Alabama would not work with the United States Constitution and could not be used. In 2005, the state of Indiana made a law that said all public schools had to give students time to say the Pledge of Allegiance and a moment of silence every day.

In April 2000, Virginia changed its law to say that all public schools in Virginia had to have a moment of silence (before this change, schools could choose not to have a moment of silence). In October 2000, a judge named Claude M. Hilton said that the "moment of silence" law was allowed by the United States Constitution. Judge Hilton said that the law has a secular (not religious) purpose, that the law does not make religion more important or less important, and that the law does not make government and religion be too close to each other. Judge Hilton also said, "Students may think as they wish," and that this thinking could be religious or not religious. He said that the only thing students had to do because of the law was sit and be quiet.

In March 2008, Illinois followed Virginia and made a compulsory 30 seconds moment of silence, but was lifted in August.

The American Civil Liberties Union thinks that these laws that say public schools should have moments of silence are a bad idea. They think they are a bad idea because the laws are made to give students time to pray, and that makes religion more important than non-religion.



Muhammad Ali Jinnah

Muhammad Ali Jinnah (26 December 1876 – 11 September 1948) was the founder of the country of Pakistan. After the partition of India, he became the Governor-General of Pakistan. As a mark of respect, Pakistanis call him "Quaid-e-Azam". bra
"Quaid-e-Azam" is a phrase which, in the Urdu language, means "the great leader". He is also called "Baba-e-Qaum", another phrase in the Urdu language which means "the father of the nation". The day of his birth is a national holiday.

Muhammad Ali Jinnah was born on 25 December 1876 in Karachi into the Isma'ilism family of Poonja Jinnah. Jinnah. He was born in Karachi, City of Sindh. His father’s name was Jinnah Poonja (1857- 1901) and his mother’s name was Mithibai. Jinnah was the eldest of the seven children of Jinnah Poonja and Mithibai. His family had migrated to Sindh from the Kathiawar area of Gujarat, present-day India.

Jinnah’s birth name was Muhammad Ali Jinnah. He later changed it to the much simpler 'Muhammad Ali Jinnah' or M.A. At home, his family talked in Gujarati language, and the children also came to speak Kutchi and English. Except for Fatima, little is known of his siblings.

In 1891 (when he was fifteen), Jinnah went to London and worked for a few years for a company. At around that time, his mother died.

In 1894, Jinnah quit his job to study law. He joined the course at Lincoln's Inn and graduated in 1896. While still in London, he also started to participate in politics. He greatly admired Indian political leaders Dadabhai Naoroji and Sir Pherozeshah Mehta. Gradually Jinnah was developing his own political outlook. He was thinking on the line that India should have a constitutional self-government.

Around this time, his father lost his business. This put Jinnah under great difficulty. In the meantime, he had started to practice as a lawyer in Mumbai. He also built a house in Mumbai’s Malabar Hill area. The house is now known as Jinnah House.

He became a successful lawyer. In 1908 he represented Bal Gangadhar Tilak, a famous leader of the Indian National Congress. Tilak was facing charges of sedition against the British Rule. Jinnah pleaded the case well, but Tilak was sent to prison.After that he lost hope

Jinnah had already joined the Indian National Congress in 1906 when he started his politics. The Congress was the largest political organization in British India. Many members and leaders of the Indian National Congress favoured a limited self-government for the people of the Indian subcontinent. Jinnah also held the same view. At that time, his role model was Gopal Krishna Gokhale.

On 25 January 1910, Jinnah became a member on the Seventy two-member Imperial Legislative Council. He was an active member of the council. Like many other leaders of British India, Jinnah also supported Great Britain during World War I. The leaders had supported the Great Britain thinking that after the war, Great Britain would grant the people of the subcontinent political freedom.

At the beginning Jinnah had avoided joining the All India Muslim League, another political organization of British India. Muslims had formed the League in 1906. In 1913, Jinnah became a member of the Muslim League. In 1934, he became the president of the Muslim League. He helped in making an agreement between the Congress and the Muslim League (Lucknow Pact in 1916). The agreement tried to present a united front to the British for giving the people of the subcontinent self-government dominion status in the British Empire. This was similar to the dominion status which Canada, New Zealand and Australia had at that time.

In 1918, Jinnah married again. His second wife was Rattanbai Petit. She was twenty-four years younger than him. She was the daughter of Jinnah’s personal friend Sir Dinshaw Petit was a Parsi but rattanbai embraced Islam before marrying Jinnah and changed her name to Maryam. The couple resided in Bombay (now Mumbai) and frequently travelled to Europe. In 1919, his wife bore a daughter who was named Dina.

By 1918, Mohandas Gandhi had become one of the leaders of the Congress Party. Gandhi took a line of non-violent protest for gaining self-government for British India. Jinnah took a different line. He wanted constitutional struggle to gain the self-government for British India. Jinnah also opposed Gandhi’s support for the Khilafat movement. Gradually, many differences between them had arisen. In 1920, Jinnah left the Congress party. He became the president of the Muslim League. At this time, Jinnah brought out a program to reduce the differences between the Congress Party and the Muslim League. The program had fourteen points of action. Therefore, it became popularly known as Jinnah’s Fourteen Points. But the Congress party did not accept these.

During these years Jinnah’s personal life had suffered. His focus upon politics had led to tensions in Jinnah's marriage. The couple separated in 1927 and after a serious illness Rattanbai died.

Around that time, there was a conference of British Indian leaders with the government of Great Britain. It was held in London and is known as the Round Table Conference. Jinnah criticized the policy of Gandhi. The conference failed. Jinnah was also not happy with the Muslim League. He decided to quit politics. He again started to work as a lawyer in England. During all these years, his sister Fatima Jinnah took care of Jinnah’s affairs, both at home and outside. She also became a close adviser to him. She helped him in raising Jinnah’s daughter, Dina Wadia. The daughter married Neville Wadia, a Parsi who had converted to Christianity. Jinnah did not like this marriage.

Many Muslim leaders of British India like Aga Khan III, Coudhary Rahmat Ali and Sir Muhammad Iqbal requested Jinnah to come back to the British Raj.

The leaders of the Muslim League wanted him to take charge of the Muslim League. Jinnah agreed to come back to India. In 1934, he left London and returned to India to reorganize the Muslim league again. But he could not revive the stature of the party until after the elections of 1937 as the Muslim League won only a few seats. However, at this time, the League was helped by the powerful Premier of the Punjab, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan. In October 1937, he agreed with Jinnah's Muslim League joining his strong government. This was called the Jinnah-Sikandar Pact.

His differences with the Congress Party continued to become bigger. In 1930, some Muslim leaders like Allama Iqbal had argued for a separate country for the Muslim people of India. At last he came to the conclusion that Hindus and Muslims cannot live in a single country. Jinnah also started to have the idea of a separate country for Muslims of India. Jinnah and the Muslim League started work to get such a separate country. They made a plan for this in 1940 called the Pakistan Resolution. This new country was to be named Pakistan.

In 1941, Jinnah founded a newspaper, named the "Dawn". This newspaper published the views and political thinking of the Muslim League. During World War II, Jinnah supported the British, and opposed the Quit India movement of the Congress party. In 1944, Gandhi held 14 rounds of talks with Jinnah, but they could not come to any conclusion. By this time, the Muslim League had formed governments in some provinces, and had also entered the central government.

The Muslim League under Jinnah’s leadership accepted both the plans. But, on 16 August 1946, Jinnah also announced the Direct Action to achieve independence for Pakistan, a separate country of Muslims of the former British Raj.

The British Indian Empire was partitioned into two countries, namely, India and Pakistan. Jinnah became the first Governor-General of Pakistan, his sister Fatimah Jinnah became the "Mother of the Nation". He also became the president of Pakistan’s constituent assembly. In an address to the constituent assembly on 11 August 1947, Jinnah told about the future of Pakistan as a secular state. He told this in the following words:

"You may belong to any religion caste or creed - that has nothing to do with the business of the state. In due course of time, Hindus will cease to be Hindus and Muslims will cease to be Muslims, not in the religious sense, because that is the personal faith of each individual, but in the political sense as citizens of the state."

Jinnah also took the direct charge of the government. After the partition, large scale violence between Muslims and the Hindus took place. Such violence was very serious in Punjab and Bengal. Jinnah toured the areas with Hindu leaders from British India to calm down the population. Many people died in the violence. The estimates of death vary from two hundred thousand deaths to over a million deaths. Jinnah was personally very sad at all these happenings.

Soon after the independence of India and Pakistan, armed conflict broke out in Kashmir. Kashmir’s king had agreed to become a part of India. but mostly Muslims of Kashmir did not like this. They started fighting in Kashmir. India had to send his troops to Kashmir, which had become a part of India. India raised the issue to the United Nations. The United Nations ordered the conflict to end and a Plebiscite. This problem still continues to have a bad effect on the India-Pakistan relationship.

Jinnah’s role in creation of Pakistan as a new nation was very important. This made him very popular among the people of Pakistan. In East Pakistan (now Bangladesh), people opposed Jinnah’s view that the language most commonly known as Urdu should be the sole national language.

Muhammad Ali had been suffering from tuberculosis since the early 1940s. Only his sister and very few other persons close to the family knew this. After the partition of India and creation of Pakistan, he had become the governor general of Pakistan. His work was increased, but his health was deteriorating. To regain his health, he spent many months at his official rest house. The rest house was located at a place named in Ziarat. Jinnah could not regain his health. He died on 11 September 1948 from tuberculosis.

In recent years, some scholars have given some new views about Jinnah’s actions. Jinnah showed interest that some of the Hindu majority princely states should join Pakistan. These scholars argue that this view was against Jinnah’s declared view that Hindus and Muslims could not live together.

Some historians like H M Seervai and Ayesha Jalal say that Jinnah wanted a united South Asia. He demanded a separate state for Muslims as the Congress leaders were not willing to share power with the Muslim League.

Recently, Indian leaders belonging to the Bhartiya Janta Party, like Lal Krishna Advani and Jaswant Singh praised Jinnah. Jaswant Singh was expelled from the party because he had praised Jinnah in his book 'Jinnah- India, Partition and Independence'.

Nations and people have done many things in memory of Jinnah. In Pakistan he is called "Quaid-e-Azam". His pictures appear on many Pakistani banknotes and coins. Karachi’s international airport is named after him. In 1998 a new university in Karachi was named the Mohammad Ali Jinnah University. Another university in Islamabad is named after Quaid-e-Azam university.

Many other places and institutions bear his name in Pakistan and elsewhere. For example, in Turkey, a very large street is named after him. In Iran, one of the highways of its capital city Tehran bears his name and in Mumbai Jinnah Hall, a public hall is named after him.

Many books, movies and TV programs tell about the life and work of Jinnah, including the biographical movie, "Jinnah".




Gregor Mendel

Gregor Johann Mendel (Heinzendorf, Austria, 20 July 1822 – Brünn, Austro-Hungary, 6 January 1884) was an Austrian monk and botanist.

Mendel founded genetics by his work cross-breeding pea plants. He discovered dominant and recessive characters (genes) from the crosses he performed on the plants in his greenhouse. What he learnt is known today as Mendelian inheritance.

His work was not appreciated at first, but was 'rediscovered' in 1900 by Carl Correns and Hugo de Vries. Erich von Tschermak's status as a third rediscoverer is now less convincing.

Mendel used the edible peas ("Pisum sativum") for his crosses. He selected seven characters which were distinctive, and never blended; they occurred as either-or alternatives. Examples: plant height (short or tall); colour of peas (green or yellow); position of flowers (restricted to the top or distributed along the stem).

When he crossed varieties which differed in a trait (e.g. tall crossed with short), the first generation of hybrids (F1) showed only one of the two alternatives. One character was "dominant", and the other "recessive". But when he crossed these hybrids with each other, the recessive character reappeared in the second (F2) generation. The proportion of plants showing the dominant as opposed to the recessive character was close to 3 to 1. Further analysis of the descendants (F3) of the dominant group showed that one-third of them were true-breeding and two-thirds were of hybrid constitution. The 3:1 ratio could therefore be rewritten as 1:2:1, meaning that 50 percent of the F2 generation were true-breeding and 50 percent were still hybrid. This was Mendel’s major discovery.

It could all be summed up by saying that inheritance was not blending, as Darwin had thought, it was particulate. The factors (genes) were not merged or mixed, they stayed separate and were passed on to the next generation unchanged.

He published his work in 1866, but at the time no-one saw how significant it was. 35 years later, the papers were rediscovered and, immediately, modern genetics began.




Marshal of the German Democratic Republic

Marschall der DDR (Marshal of the German Democratic Republic), was the highest rank in the NVA, the army of the DDR. It was founded on 25th March 1982. The reason was a strategy change in the armies of Warsaw Pact. After the change the DDR needed a new rank to be sure there was only one high command. The rank was never used and abolished in 1989.

Farscape

Farscape is a science fiction television show. The series was filmed in Australia. It was first shown from March 19, 1999 to March 21, 2003, followed by "Farscape: The Peacekeeper Wars", which was broadcast on October 17 and 18, 2004. The show was cancelled after four seasons and ended with a cliffhanger. The cliffhanger was resolved in a miniseries, "The Peacekeeper Wars", in 2004.

Rockne S. O'Bannon came up the idea for the series. It was produced by Jim Henson Productions and Hallmark Entertainment.

The show's main character is an astronaut named John Crichton. He travels through a wormhole by accident. He exits the wormhole at a distant part of the universe. The astronaut joins an alien crew on board a living ship. The members of the crew are escaped prisoners.



Interplanetary internet

An interplanetary internet does not exist yet. When people talk about an interplanetary internet, they are talking about a problem they are still trying to solve - the problem of making the internet to work between different planets.

The way the internet works here on Earth is simple. Computers need to connect to each and can share a network. One computer sends another computer a message (called a packet) and then the other sends back a message saying it got it. Internet messages move at the speed of light, about 300 thousand kilometres in a second, which is very fast. But if you were sending that message to Mars, it would take about ten minutes for the message to get there, and another ten for it to get back. That means we need to completely change the way computers talk to each other if we are going to communicate between different planets. That is the problem people are trying to solve when they talk about the interplanetary internet. It's a new and a very interesting concept.


History of China

The History of China covers thousands of years. The earliest records are from about 1250 BC but a few things are known about earlier times. Chinese history covers many periods and dynasties. See Ancient China for the earliest times. 

The Qin Dynasty was very important in the history of China. They followed the philosophy of Legalism. Their capital was at Xianyang. Under the king of this dynasty, China became a powerful country. Many new things were done for the first time. A tight legal system was followed. Written language was developed. The common currency was used. The building of the Great Wall of China was started.

The Han dynasty was founded by Liu Bang after the Qin dynasty ended. During the Han dynasty, the territory of China expanded, and many advancements in science and technology took place. It was considered a golden age in Chinese history.

The Three Kingdoms period (traditional Chinese: 三國; simplified Chinese: 三国; pinyin: Sānguó) is a period of history where China was divided into the states of Cao Wei, Shu Han, and Eastern Wu. The Eastern Han dynasty lost all power. Eventually, the Han dynasty emperor abdicated.

The Jin dynasty (1115–1234) is also known as the Jurchen dynasty and as the Great Jin. It was one of the last dynasties before the Mongol invasion (and eventual conquest) of China.

The dynasty was founded by the Wanyan (完顏 Wányán) clan of the Jurchens.[1] These were the ancestors of the Manchu, who established the Qing dynasty some 500 years later. The Jin Dynasty was founded in northern Manchuria, The founder was Wanyan Aguda (完顏阿骨打).[2]

The name of this dynasty is sometimes written as Jinn to differentiate it from an earlier Jin dynasty (265-420) of China whose name is spelled identically in the Roman alphabet.
The History of Jin recorded that Tangkuo Dingge (唐括定哥), Consort Gui (貴妃) was a Jurchen woman. She was first married to the Jurchen Jin royal Wanyan Wudai (完顏烏帶. She had an affair with her Han Chinese slave, Yan Qi'er (閻乞兒), and with Wanyan Liang (Prince Hailing). When Wanyan Liang became emperor of the Jin dynasty he forced Dingge to have her husband Wanyan Wudai killed by her other slaves, Ge Wen (葛溫) and Ge Lu (葛魯) and he promised that she would be named empress. Wanyan Liang broke his promise after he got bored of her when she entered the harem. Dingge then smuggled Yan Qi'er into the palace through a trunk after first smuggling a trunk full of her clothes as a dummy and then reprimanded him for looking at her clothes so he wouldn't look when Yan Qi'er was smuggled in next. Dingge and Yan Qi'er had sex until a Jurchen maid, Guige (貴哥) told them to the emperor and Dingge was strangled and Yan Qi'er was beheaded.[3][4][5][6]

The Sui Dynasty (隋朝 Suí cháo; 581-618) was founded by Emperor Wen, or "Yang Jian". Its capital was Chang'an (present-day Xi'an). The dynasty is important because it reunited Southern and Northern China and the Grand Canal was built then.

The Tang Dynasty was founded by the Li (李) family, who came to power during the fall of the Sui Empire. The dynasty was interrupted for a short time by the Second Zhou Dynasty (16 October 690–3 March 705) when Empress Wu Zetian managed to claim the throne, becoming the first and only Chinese Empress.

The capital of the Tang, Chang'an (today Xi'an), was the biggest city in the world at the time. Many historians see the Tang dynasty as a high point in Chinese civilization and as a golden age of cosmopolitan culture.

The concept of inalienable private property has grown in China since the Tang dynasty. Chinese land deeds are preserved from medieval times and there were even land deeds for the afterlife in tombs in the Six dynasties.

The Song dynasty maintained the image and memory of the "universal empire" of the Han dynasty and Tang dynasty periods despite contracting in size.

One of the descendants of the Yan clan during the Song dynasty was Yan Zhengqing. When Eastern Jin was set up by Han Chinese nobles fleeing south, Yan Han was among the nobles and he was the ancestor of the Yan clan, who were related by blood to the Langye nobles who they married including the Wang clan of Langye, the Yin Clan of Chen commandery and Shen clan of Wuxing. Yan Han was the 13th generation ancestor of Yan Zhenqing.

The Yuan Dynasty was first ruled by Genghis Khan, a Mongolian leader who took control of the Song Dynasty. He was considered a barbarian and not civilized. His grandson, Kublai Khan, was one of the most famous and liked rulers of the Yuan dynasty. He opened up China to many other cultures and improved life for the Chinese very much.

In 1368, a rebellion led by Zhu Yuanzhang broke out in southern China and eventually overthrew the Yuan Dynasty. Then Zhu Yuanzhang founded the Ming Dynasty at Nanjing, its capital until Emperor Yongle changed the capital to Beijing. In the 15th century, a man named Zheng He took the majority of the Ming navy to explore the Indian Ocean and brought wealth and power to the Ming Dynasty. The empire experienced a prosperous period until 1449 when the Battle of Tumu Fortress broke out. In the battle, the Mongol descendants of Yuan captured the emperor and surrounded the capital. After the war with the Mongols, the Ming started to decline. During this time, the empire had two wars with the Japanese (the first against the Japanese pirates took place in southeastern China; the second against the armies of Toyotomi Hideyoshi that invaded Korea), and one war with the Portuguese of Macao. These wars eventually weakened the declining empire. In 1616, rebellions broke out at Manchuria and Shanxi. Twenty-eight years later, the Manchus crossed the Great Wall, invaded the capital, and destroyed the Shanxi rebels.

Horses, cattle, farms, villages, servants, slaves, homes, and wives were given by Nurhaci to Jurchens who defected like Guwalca, Hurha, and Warka as well as Han Chinese defectors and Mongol defectors to Later Jin.

Jurchen chiefs were given Korean women as wives by Joseon to control them.

Scholars commissioned by Qianlong when editing historical texts and making commentaries on them often made up fanciful and completely fictional etymologies. One of the works they did was analyzing Jurchen clans mentioned in the History of Jin and trying to match their names to the Manchu clans that still exist.

Some Han bannermen promoted to Manchu banners added giya to the end of their surname. The ethnic identity of the Tong family of Liaodong during the late Ming and early Qing has been debated by historians.

The Oirat Torghut Kalmyk Mongol leader Khatun Khan was jailed by Yaqub Beg as he was attacking the Oirats in Kurla and attacking Hui forces for Tuo Ming, Daud Khalifa in Ürümqi with the help of Han militia under Xu Xuegong.

Mao Zedong was the leader of the People's Republic of China from 1949 until he died in 1976.

In the 21st century, China became the richest country in the world in terms of GDP.

The countries below are not included in the sixteen kingdoms:


Briefs

Briefs are a type of short underwear for males or females. They provide a close fit, and come in either white, or in other colors like blue, pink, or red.

For male briefs, before the 2000s, briefs often came with hard elastic waistbands. This would cause stretch marks, and this was eventually replaced by the soft elastic waistband. However, hard elastic waistbands are still found on generic store brand underwear (that save consumer and manufacturing costs by not being fashion forward).

Female briefs are also called knickers or panties.

Kayastha

Kayastha is one of the social groups of India. They have a long history. They number around 30 million people and most of them live in India.

Hindus believe that Lord Brahma created the world. He then created 16 sons from different parts of his body. His 17th son, Shree Chitraguptjee, was created from his mind and soul. He is the only son to be made from the whole body, not just parts. In human form he is called "kayastha", "kaya" meaning whole. Kayastha's have two roles in the caste system, as Kshatriya (a warrior) and Brahmin (a learned person or scribe). The Kayastha caste is divided into 12 sub-castes. Subdivision of Kayastha:- Chitragupta Kayastha of North India, Prabhu Kayastha of Maharashtra, Karnam/Karuneegar (Kayastha) of South India, Karanas (Kayastha) of Orissa, Bengali Kayastha of Bengal and Kalitas (Kayastha) of Population approx 31 million

Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer

Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer is an animated movie from 1985. It was produced by DiC Entertainment and Hallmark Cards, and released by Warner Bros.

This is the only movie in which the title character, Rainbow Brite, appears.


Arctic Monkeys

Arctic Monkeys are an indie rock band from Sheffield, England. Arctic Monkeys' first album was "Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not". It reached #1 in the United Kingdom album charts. Over 300 thousand copies of the album were sold in the first week. This makes it the fasting selling first album by a band in British music history. It was nominated for Best Alternative Album at the 2006 Grammy Awards. Their second album, "Favourite Worst Nightmare" was first released in Japan on April 18, 2007. Their third album, "Humbug" was released in England on 24 August 2009. In 2011 their fourth album "Suck It and See" was released. "AM", the Monkeys' fifth album, was released 6 September 2013. The sixth Arctic Monkeys album, "Tranquility Base Hotel & Casino" was released in 2018. 

The members are:


Swarm

A swarm is a big group of animals. The term is usually used for insects, but other animals such fish and birds can make a swarm also. A good example of animals that swarm are locusts. Mammals do not build swarms, but herds.

Queen's University

Queen's University is a public university in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. Queen's University was started on October 16, 1841.

String quartet

A string quartet is a piece of music for four string instruments.
A string quartet can also mean the four people who play a piece for four string instruments. The four instruments in a string quartet are almost always 2 violins, 1 viola and 1 cello. The reason that a double bass is not used is that it would sound too loud and heavy. The balance between 2 violins, viola and cello is considered ideal. String quartets are the most popular form of chamber music. Many composers have written string quartets.

String quartet writing started in the 18th century. Italian composers like Sammartini (1698-1775) wrote music for two violins, viola and continuo. The continuo was either just a harpsichord or harpsichord with cello. Gradually composers started to leave the harpsichord out. The cello often played the same as the viola but one octave lower. 

Composers of the Classical music period started writing cello parts which had an identity of their own. Joseph Haydn (1732-1809) wrote 68 string quartets, and made it a very popular form. His quartets from opus 33 were, he said, “written in a new and special way”. All four parts were very clear and individual. There were always four movements: a fast movement, a slow one, a Minuet and Trio and a fast final movement. Haydn often played in a quartet with Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756-1791) and two other players. Mozart also wrote 23 string quartets and dedicated some of them to Haydn. Three of Mozart’s later ones were written for the King of Prussia who played the cello well, so Mozart gave the cello lots of difficult music to play.

By the time Ludwig van Beethoven (1770-1827) was growing up, string quartets treated each of the four instruments as important. Beethoven wrote 16 string quartets. The middle ones became particularly famous and later composers took ideas from them, for example the slow introductions, and the idea of having a fast scherzo instead of a minuet and trio for one of the middle movements. Beethoven’s last quartets are very beautiful, but also very complicated and sometimes quite aggressive. Beethoven was becoming very frustrated because he was deaf and could not hear his own music, but he could imagine it all in his head. Franz Schubert (1797-1827) admired them and wrote several string quartets himself.

In the Romantic period many composers wrote string quartets: Felix Mendelssohn (1809-1847), Robert Schumann (1810-1856), Johannes Brahms (1833-1897), Pyotr Tchaikovsky (1840-1893), Antonín Dvořák (1841-1904) and many others. Some of them, like Dvořák, included folk song from their own country in their quartets.

In the 20th century, composers continued to write string quartets. Claude Debussy (1862-1918) and Maurice Ravel (1875-1934) each wrote one. Arnold Schoenberg even added a voice to his first String Quartet. Béla Bartók (1881-1945) wrote six string quartets which are very hard to play. They have very exciting rhythms which often come from his native Hungarian folk music, as well as complex harmonies. Dmitri Shostakovich (1906-1975) wrote fifteen and Benjamin Britten (1913-1976) wrote three.

Playing in a string quartet is highly enjoyable. There are many great works by famous composers, as well as some music which has been written for young players who are learning.

There are professional players who form string quartets and who play together for many years. In the early part of the 20th century the Rosé Quartet was thought by many to be the best in Europe. Later the Amadeus Quartet became very famous.

Opus number

Opus or the shortened form op. after the title of a piece of music means “work”. It is followed by a number. When a composer writes their first piece of music it is followed by the term “opus 1”. The next composition would then be called “opus 2”, etc.

Giving pieces of music opus numbers helps us to identify which piece of music (from a certain composer) that composition is. For example: Beethoven wrote lots of piano sonatas. His first Piano sonata in A flat major has the opus number of op.26. This shows that he wrote this sonata when he was young in his composing career. Many years later, he wrote another piano sonata which is also in A flat major, and this piece one has the opus number of 110 (op. 110).

You cannot always tell from a composer’s opus numbers the order in which the works were composed. Until around the end of the 18th century, opus numbers were only given to pieces of music which were published.

Some musicologists (people who study and write about music) have studied all the works by a famous composer and have given them a catalogue number. For example Mozart’s music does not have opus numbers. Some of them are long operas, others are tiny little pieces for the piano he might have written in a hurry one day. A man called made a list of every single work by Mozart and gave them K numbers (K for Köchel). His numbering goes up to 622. This is useful, for example, to tell the difference between his Symphony in G minor K183 and his Symphony in G minor K550.

The plural of “opus” is “opuses” in English. This is because the Latin plural is opera which is rather confusing to English speakers as the word is already used in musical terminology. 

The word "opus" can also refer to the "work" of an artist. (For example: "This opus was composed by Chopin," or "This opus is the last Piano sonata that Beethoven composed")

An artist's "magnum opus" means his or her "greatest" work.

Amino acid

Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins. In eukaryotes, there are 20 "standard" amino acids out of which almost all proteins are made.

In biochemistry, an amino acid is any molecule that has both amine (NH+R) and carboxyl (C=O) functional groups. In biochemistry, this term refers to alpha-amino acids with the general formula HNCHRCOOH, where R is one of many side groups (see diagram). 

Across all forms of life, about 500 amino acids are known. The most important thing that amino acids do is to be part of proteins, which are long chains of amino acids. Every protein has its own sequence of amino acids, and that sequence makes the protein take different shapes, and have different functions. Amino acids are like the alphabet for proteins; even though you only have a few letters, if you connect them, you can make many different sentences.

Nine of the 20 standard amino acids are "essential" amino acids for humans. They cannot be built (synthesised) from other compounds by the human body. They must be taken in as food. Others may be essential for some ages or medical conditions. Essential amino acids may also differ between species. Herbivores have to get their essential amino acids from their diet, which for some is almost entirely grass. Ruminants such as cows get some amino acids via microbes in the first two stomach chambers.

An amino acid is an organic chemical. It consists of an α-carbon atom that is covalently bonded to four groups.


Every amino acid has at least one amino group (-NH) and one carboxyl group (-COOH), except proline.

These are the proteinogenic amino acids, which are the building blocks for proteins. They are produced by cellular machinery coded for in the genetic code of any organism.
† The stop codon is not an amino acid, but is included for completeness.
†† UAG and UGA do not always act as stop codons (see above).
‡ An essential amino acid cannot be synthesized in humans. It must be supplied in the diet. Conditionally essential amino acids are not normally required in the diet, but must be supplied to populations which do not make enough of it.

To these α-amino acids further in biosynthesis processes appearing non-essential ones are structurally (here by using SMILES notation) related:

OC(=O)C(N)–

Enlightenment

Enlightenment has several meanings. Some of them are given below:


Miscarriage

A miscarriage is the natural death of an embryo or fetus in the womb, before it is old enough to live on its own, outside the mother. The medical words for a miscarriage are spontaneous abortion. ("Spontaneous" means something that a person did not expect to happen. An "abortion" is when a pregnancy ends early, before birth.)

Among women who know they are pregnant, about 15-20% have miscarriages. (This means that up to 1 in every 5 women who know they are pregnant miscarries.) It is the most common complication (serious problem) that happens in early pregnancy in humans.

In the United States, if a fetus dies after it is 20 weeks old, its death is no longer called a miscarriage. Its death is called a "stillbirth", a "fetal demise", or a "fetal death". ("Demise" means "death.") Different countries have different ways of defining the difference between a miscarriage and a fetal death. For example:

Nobody knows all of the reasons why a woman may miscarry. However, some common causes include:

The most common causes of miscarriage change depending on what trimester the mother is in. (Each trimester lasts about three months.)

Most miscarriages happen during the first trimester. Some studies say that two-thirds (two out of three) to three-quarters (three out of four) of all miscarriages happen during this trimester. About 30% to 40% (3 to 4 in every 10) of all fertilized eggs miscarry, often before a woman knows she is pregnant.

In more than half of embryos miscarried in the first 13 weeks of pregnancy, the embryo has chromosomes that are not normal. These chromosomal problems may happen because of problems as the embryo grows and its cells make copies of themselves. It is also possible for chromosomal problems to happen because of a problem with a parent's genes. However, this is more likely to happen in women who have had other miscarriages, or if one of the parents has a child or other relatives with birth defects. Genetic problems are more likely to happen with older parents; this may be why miscarriages are more common in older women.

Another cause may be the mother not having enough progesterone. If a woman is diagnosed with low progesterone levels in the second half of her menstrual cycle (the luteal phase), she may be prescribed progesterone, to take during the first trimester of her pregnancy. However, when a woman might already be miscarrying, there is no evidence that first-trimester progesterone pills decrease the risk of having a miscarriage. Scientists have even questioned whether problems with the luteal phase really can cause miscarriages.

Common causes of miscarriage during the second trimester are:

These problems can also cause premature birth (when a baby is born earlier than expected). One study found that 19% of second-trimester miscarriages were caused by problems with the umbilical cord. The fetus gets blood and oxygen through the umbilical cord. Every part of the body needs blood and oxygen to survive. If the baby cannot get enough oxygen because of a problem with the cord, it can die. Problems with the placenta may also cause second-trimester miscarriages. Nutrients and blood pass through the placenta in order to get from the mother to the umbilical cord. The placenta also helps filter out some things that could hurt the fetus. If there is a problem with the placenta, the fetus could die because it did not get enough nutrients and oxygen, or because the placenta did not filter out harmful things.

Miscarriage is usually diagnosed when a pregnant woman notices that she is having certain symptoms and goes to see a doctor. The most common symptom of a coming miscarriage is bleeding during early pregnancy. The woman may not have any pain.

Usually, if a pregnant woman is bleeding or having pain, an ultrasound should be done. The ultrasound can show that the fetus's heart is not beating, which means that the fetus has miscarried. If this happens, special tests should be done to make sure the woman does not have an ectopic pregnancy, which can kill a woman.

Not all light bleeding during early pregnancy means a woman is having a miscarriage. But any woman having light bleeding during pregnancy should see her doctor. If the bleeding is heavy, the woman is having a lot of pain, or she has a fever, she should go to an Emergency Room or call an ambulance to take her to the hospital.

If a woman has bleeding during her pregnancy, she may be diagnosed with a "threatened miscarriage." In the past, if a doctor thought a pregnancy might miscarry in the future, they would suggest bed rest for the mother (lying in bed for most of the time). Today, most doctors and scientists think that bed rest does not help.

There are a few different types of miscarriage:

The treatment is different for each kind of miscarriage.

If a woman has a complete miscarriage, she usually does not need any medical treatment.

If a woman has an incomplete miscarriage or a missed miscarriage, there are three different choices for treatment:
With no treatment (watchful waiting), most of these cases (65–80%) will pass naturally within two to six weeks. This path avoids the side effects and complications possible from medications and surgery, but increases the risk of mild bleeding, need for unplanned surgical treatment, and incomplete miscarriage.

The choice of which treatment to use depends on many things, including what the mother wants. However, there are guidelines that doctors use to suggest what treatment to use.

"Missed Miscarriage"

The most important things that help doctors decide what to do are the age and size of the embryo, and the size of the gestational sac (the fluid around the embryo. 

"Incomplete Miscarriages"


A risk factor for miscarriage is something that makes a woman more likely to miscarry. There are many risk factors for miscarriage. For example:


Yuan dynasty

The Yuan dynasty was a Mongol dynasty that ruled Mongolia and China from 1271 to 1368. Before this dynasty, China was ruled by the Song dynasty. After the Yuan dynasty, the Ming dynasty ruled China. Genghis Khan and his army of Mongols conquered many parts of China. His grandson Kublai Khan added more parts of China to his kingdom. He founded the Yuan dynasty in 1271.

In the year of 1206, Genghis Khan ruled the Mobi tribes(a part of a country) to establish the Mongol country at the Onon River. Jin was the main race in Mongolia, but Jin and Xia were in decline, Mongolia had attacked the Western Xia and Jin in August 1227, and Jin lost, so Mongolia occupied the whole north of China in March 1234. 

In 1259, Möngke Khan died after the Song Yuan dynasty war. His brothers all wanted to be king. His fourth brother, Kublai, and his seventh brother, Ali Khan, fought to rule the Mobi tribes. And finally in 1264, Kublai won. Kublai made the name "DaYuan" in 1271 and proclaimed the Yuan Dynasty and said its founder was his grandfather Genghis. In 1276, Yuan ruled southern of Song, so yuan ruled the whole China in this year. In 1279, the Kublai subdued southern Song dynasty. The Yuan dynasty ruled China and brought different parts of China together that had been split since the late Tang dynasty. They were the first foreign dynasty to rule just about all of China. 

For centuries, most of what the West knew about China came from the book by Marco Polo about his visit to Kublai's empire. The Yuan dynasty ended in 1368 when the Ming dynasty took control.


