Bernie Sanders

Bernard "Bernie" Sanders (born September 8, 1941) is an American politician. He is the Senior United States senator from Vermont. He is an Independent, but often votes with the Democratic Party in the Senate. He became senator on January 3, 2007. He ran for President of the United States in 2016 and in 2020, coming in second place both times. He is often seen as a leader of the progressivism movement in the United States.

Sanders was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He graduated from the University of Chicago in 1964. While a student, he was active in organizing protests for civil rights. In 1963, he took part in the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, where Martin Luther King, Jr. gave his "I Have a Dream" speech.

Sanders was elected mayor of Burlington, Vermont in 1981. He was re-elected three times. In 1991, he became a United States representative for Vermont's at-large congressional district. He was a congressman for 16 years. In 2006, he was elected to the U.S. Senate after he won 64.5% of the vote. In 2012, he was re-elected by winning almost 71% of the vote. In 2018, he was re-elected by winning nearly 68% of the vote.

Sanders calls himself a democratic socialist. He thinks that a social democratic government for the United States is a good idea. Sanders is against income inequality and is supporting universal health care, parental leave and LGBT rights. He is against racial inequality and mass surveillance. In January 2015, Sanders became a member of the Senate Budget Committee. Sanders has been seen as the most popular senator in the country by multiple yearly polls.

On April 30, 2015, Sanders became a candidate for the Democratic Party's nomination for President in the 2016 United States presidential election. He made the announcement in a speech on the Capitol lawn. His campaign started on May 26 in Burlington. Unlike some of the other presidential candidates, Sanders did not want Super PACS to give him money. People give him money on his website. He won 22 primaries and caucuses in the 2016 Democratic primaries. He won about 45% of pledged delegates to Hillary Clinton's 55%. On July 12, 2016, he formally endorsed Clinton due to DNC policies, but did not end his own presidential campaign. On July 26, 2016, during a roll-call vote at the 2016 Democratic National Convention Sanders lost the nomination to Clinton.

After his presidential campaign ended, he started an organization, Our Revolution. Its goal is to "recruit and support candidates for local, state, and national office". He has also announced the upcoming creation of The Sanders Institute, which will spread his political ideas through documentary movies and other media. In February 2017, Sanders began webcasting "The Bernie Sanders Show" on Facebook.

On February 19, 2019, Sanders announced a second presidential campaign for the Democratic nomination in the 2020 presidential election. His 2020 campaign had raised over four million in donations from individual donors, the largest than any other presidential candidate in history. In early 2020, Sanders was seen as the front-runner for the nomination after winning the first three primary contests and leading in national polling numbers, but after Joe Biden won most of the Super Tuesday contests in March the primary became more competitive. After failing to win many primary states, Sanders ended his campaign on April 8, 2020, later supporting Biden's campaign for President.

Sanders was born in Brooklyn, New York to Eli Sanders and to Dorothy Glassberg. His father was a Jewish immigrant born in Słopnice, Poland in 1904. His mother was born to Jewish parents in New York City in 1912. He has an older brother, Larry. His grandparents were murdered in the Holocaust. His mother died in 1960 and his father died in 1962.

Sanders studied at Brooklyn College. After he graduated from college, Sanders went to the University of Chicago. When he studied in Chicago, Sanders was a leader of the University of Chicago sit-ins in 1962 because of segregation at the university. He graduated from the university in 1964 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science. He said that he was an average student who thought that classrooms were boring and that his community activism was more important.

He was one of thousands of students who traveled by bus to Washington, D.C., to be part of the 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom. Later that summer, he was found guilty of resisting arrest during a protest against segregation in Chicago's public schools and was fined $25.

Sanders began his political career in 1971 as a member of the Liberty Union Party. He was the Liberty Union candidate for Governor of Vermont in 1972 and 1976. He was also a candidate for senator in 1972 and 1974. In the 1974 Senate election, Sanders lost to Patrick Leahy and to Dick Mallary. In 1979, Sanders resigned from the party.

He worked as a writer and director for the American People's Historical Society (APHS). When he worked at APHS, he made a 30-minute documentary about Eugene V. Debs.

After Sanders's failed run for governor, close friend Richard Sugarman wanted him to be a candidate for mayor of Burlington. Sanders won the election in February 1981. He beat the six-term mayor Gordon Paquette by ten votes. He took office on April 6, 1981.

As mayor, Sanders wanted to fix Burlington's Lake Champlain. In 1981, Sanders was against Tony Pomerleau. Sanders did not want Pomerleau to change the industrial lake property owned by the Central Vermont Railway. He did not want the waterfront to become expensive condominiums, hotels, and offices.

Sanders used the slogan "Burlington is not for sale". He supported a plan that changed the waterfront area into a district with housing, parks, and public space. As of 2016, the lake area has a public beach and bike paths, along with a boathouse, many parks, and a science center.

In 1987, U.S. News named Sanders as one of America's best mayors. He was a big critic of President Ronald Reagan and his policies on income inequality.

When he was mayor, Sanders helped to fix the city's budget. Sanders left office on April 4, 1989. For a short time, Sanders taught political science at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government in 1989 and at Hamilton College in 1991.

In 1988, Republican congressman at the time Jim Jeffords wanted to become senator. This left an open office in Vermont's at-large congressional district.

Sanders became a candidate for the seat as an Independent, but he lost the election. In 1990, Sanders became a candidate for the seat again and defeated Peter Plympton Smith by 16%. Sanders became the first independent elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 40 years. Sanders' 1990 victory was called by "The Washington Post" and others as the "First Socialist Elected" to the United States House of Representatives in many years. Sanders continued to win re-elections with many votes.

In 1991, Sanders co-founded the Congressional Progressive Caucus. He chaired the grouping of mostly liberal Democrats for the first eight years. In 1993, Sanders voted for a bill supported by the National Rifle Association of America (NRA) to stop lawsuits against gun companies. He was against the Brady Bill.

After Ron Dellums left Congress in 1998, Sanders was the only member of Congress who called himself a socialist.

Sanders voted against the Iraq Resolutions in 1991 and 2002. He was against the 2003 invasion of Iraq. He voted for the allowed use of military force against terrorists. The authorization looked for good reasons to use military actions after the September 11 attacks.

Sanders is against the Patriot Act. As a member of Congress, he voted against the original Patriot Act. Sanders voted for several acts that would block the Patriot Act.

After Jim Jeffords retired from the Senate in 2006, Sanders became senator when he won the Senate election with 65% of the vote. During the election season, then-Senator Barack Obama supported Sanders and campaigned with him in Vermont.
Sanders has been a leading voice on issues such as income inequality, climate change, and campaign finance reform. Sanders continued to be a major critic on mass surveillance policies such as the Patriot Act.

On December 10, 2010, Sanders gave a 8½-hour speech against the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010. After the speech, people wanted Sanders to be a candidate for president in the 2012 presidential election.

Sanders' filibuster was published in February 2011 by Nation Books as "The Speech: A Historic Filibuster on Corporate Greed and the Decline of Our Middle Class".

In 2012, he was re-elected with almost 71% of the vote beating Republican John MacGovern.

On January 3, 2013, Sanders became chairman of the United States Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs. After his term as chairman ended on January 3, 2015, Sanders became a member of the Senate Budget Committee. Sanders made proposals to raise the minimum wage, stop income inequality, and increase Social Security payments.

Sanders is the longest serving Independent member of Congress in American history. In November 2015, Sanders changed parties and became a member of the Democratic Party. On July 26, 2016, however shortly after losing the Democratic presidential nomination, Sanders said he would serve as an Independent in the Senate.

Following Donald Trump's victory in the 2016 presidential election, Sanders accepted his victory and promised to work with Trump.

On January 4, 2017, while on the Senate floor, Sanders showed a large cutout of a tweet by President-elect Trump from May 2015 where Trump said he was the "first & only potential GOP candidate" who opposed any cuts to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, citing it as what Trump appealed to older voters to elect him on.

While in Los Angeles on February 19, Sanders called Trump "a pathological liar". He promised the defeat of "Trump and Trumpism and the Republican right-wing ideology."

On March 30, two days after President Trump signed an "Energy Independence" executive order, Sanders called Trump's choice to focus on job creation over climate change is "nonsensical, and stupid, and dangerous".

Sanders was against the nomination of Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court. He outlined his issues with Gorsuch in an April 4, 2017 appearance on the Senate floor. Sanders said he believed Gorsuch would support removing restrictions on campaign finance and would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade.
On April 7, 2017, Sanders showed disapproval of President Trump's ordered airstrike from the day before: "If there’s anything we should’ve learned from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, in which the lives of thousands of brave American men and women and hundreds of thousands of Iraqi and Afghan civilians have been lost and trillions of dollars spent, it’s that it’s easier to get into a war than out of one."

In May 2017, Sanders endorsed Labour Leader of the Opposition Jeremy Corbyn in the 2017 United Kingdom general election.

On June 11, 2017, Sanders was a keynote speaker at the People's Summit in Chicago, Illinois. In his speech, Sanders discussed of a plan that "can enhance and expand issue campaigns and hold all elected officials accountable to popular demands for justice, equality, and freedom". During his speech, he repeatedly criticized the Democratic Party, calling it an "absolute failure" and blaming it for the election of President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence.

On June 12, 2017, United States senators reached an agreement on legislation to add new sanctions on Russia. The bill was opposed only by Sanders and Republican Rand Paul. On June 14, 2017, James T. Hodgkinson, a supporter of Sanders during his presidential campaign, shot and injured four people, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana. Hours later, Sanders responded on Capitol Hill to news that Hodgkinson was a campaign volunteer for his 2016 presidential run:

I am sickened by this despicable act. Let me be as clear as I can be, violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms. Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs counter to our most deeply held American values.

In September 2017, Sanders introduced the United States National Health Care Act which would create a single-payer health care system paid by the United States Government. The plan, also known as "Medicare For All", was supported by former President Barack Obama in September 2018.

On October 12, 2017, Sanders was announced as a key speaker for a women's rights convention in Detroit, Michigan. However a week later, Sanders cancelled his appearance at the convention so that he could travel to Puerto Rico and help rescue efforts from the damage of Hurricane Maria.

In November 2017, after the Paradise Papers were leaked, Sanders warned of "an international oligarchy" and blamed corrupt billionaires and companies for trying to avoid paying taxes and called it unfair.

On January 1, 2018, Sanders sworn-in Bill de Blasio in his second mayoral inauguration as Mayor of New York City. On January 20, 2018, Sanders voted against a congress budget bill which led to the 2018 federal government shutdow, which lasted two days, ending on January 22. On his vote, Sanders said on Twitter:

Republicans control the House, Senate and White House. They have to pass an annual budget, not more one-month continuing resolutions. We need a bipartisan solution to the economic crises facing the middle class, to the DACA crisis that Trump created and to disaster relief.

Sanders gave an online reply to Trump's January 2018 State of the Union address in which he called Trump "dishonest" and criticized him for creating "a looming immigration crisis" by ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.

In March 2018, many students walked-out of their schools as a result of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in Parkland, Florida demanding for gun-control and safety in schools. Sanders joined the protest outside of the United States Capitol and praised the protesters for "leading the [United States] in the right direction" while criticizing the National Rifle Association.

Sanders was named as part of the "Hell-No Caucus" by "Politico" in April 2018, along with Senators Cory Booker, Kirsten Gillibrand, Elizabeth Warren, and Kamala Harris, all of whom voted to reject Trump's nominees for administration jobs, including Jeff Sessions, Kirstjen Nielsen, Rex Tillerson, Betsy DeVos, and Mike Pompeo.

On May 9, 2018, Sanders proposed the Workplace Democracy Act, a bill that would grow labor rights by making it easier for workers to join a union and make it harder to break-up unions. It was supported by several Democratic senators, including Elizabeth Warren, Kirsten Gillibrand, Tammy Baldwin and Sherrod Brown.

On August 14, 2018, Sanders won the Democratic nomination for Senator with 94% of the primary vote. However, before the primaries, Sanders said he would not accept the Democratic nomination and run as an Independent.

In August 2018, Sanders criticized the wealth of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and how Amazon employees were paid less than the minimum wage and lived under poor conditions while Bezos increased his fortune. In September 2018, Sanders introduced the "Stop BEZOS" bill which would focus on increase work wages for Amazon and Walmart employers and heavily tax Bezos and other higher company officials. In October 2018, Bezos announced that the company would pay all employees in the United States minimum wage with many believing Sanders is the reason why.

In October 2018, Sanders introduced a bill to break up big banks such as JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs and Bank of America. The bill would allow the federal government to dismantle banks that has a worth of 3% of the American GDP, which is roughly equal to USD $584 billion.

In November 2018, Sanders was re-elected to the Senate winning nearly 68% of the vote.

In September 2018, "The Guardian" published two op-ed pieces talking about the need of a progressive cooperation to challenge the rising threat of globalism and authoritarianism, one of which Sanders wrote and another by European progressive Yanis Varoufakis. In late October, Varoufakis announced the upcoming launch of Progressives International on November 30 in Vermont alongside Sanders. Former 2018 Brazilian presidential candidate Fernando Haddad joined the movement.

In December 2018, Sanders supported a bill with Senators Chris Murphy and Mike Lee to use the 1973 War Powers Resolution to end U.S. support for the Saudi-led military intervention in Yemen. At first, the Senate did not supported it, but after the assassination of Jamal Khashoggi in October 2018 the bill had bipartisan co-sponsors and the Senate passed the bill by a vote of 56–41 on December 13.

In March 2019, Sanders, along with seven other members of Congress such as Elizabeth Warren and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, signed a pledge written by veterans and their families to bring a "responsible" end to U.S. military interventions around the globe.

On February 5, 2020, Sanders voted to convict President Donald Trump in his impeachment trial.

In December 2020, Sanders alongside Republican Senator Josh Hawley of Missouri, pushed for a USD $1,200 check for every unemployed American who were affected by the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. 

When Democrats gained control of the Senate in the 2020 elections, Sanders became Chair of the U.S. Senate Budget Committee on January 20, 2021. He said he would make a COVID-19 relief bill with a $2,000 stimulus checks and raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour his main goal.

On February 23, 2021, Sanders became the first senator in the Democratic caucus to not support one of Biden's cabinet picks when he voted against Tom Vilsack's nomination as Agriculture Secretary.

Sanders is said to have an influence on the Joe Biden administration. When mentioned that he had become an important voice in Biden's administration, he replied, "As somebody who wrote a book called "Outsider in the House", yes, it is a strange experience to be having that kind of influence that we have now". Their relationship has lasted over 30 years and Sanders has said it is because they both respect and trust each other: "We have had a good relationship. He wants to be a champion of working families, and I admire that and respect that".

In April 2022, it was reported that Sanders was interested in running for president again in 2024 if President Joe Biden decides not to run for re-election.

In January 2023, Sanders became Chair of the United States Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions. In April 2023, Sanders endorsed Biden in the 2024 United States presidential election.

In August 2011, Public Policy Polling found that 67% of American people supported Sanders. That made him the third most popular senator in the country. In a poll by Fox News in March 2017, found Sanders to be the most popular senator or political figure in the United States with the approval rating of 61%.

A Harvard-Harris Poll published every April found Sanders to be the most popular active politician in the country. The same poll, finds Sanders to be the most popular senator in the country.

, Sanders's committee assignments are as follows:

In an interview with "The Nation" on March 6, 2014, Sanders said that he was "prepared to run for President of the United States" in 2016 but did not officially announce a campaign.

On April 28, 2015, Vermont Public Radio said that Sanders would run for president starting on April 30. They reported that he would run for the Democratic presidential nomination against the front-runner Hillary Clinton, who was leading in the poll numbers. His campaign manager is Jeff Weaver. Weaver was also Sanders's senate campaign manager and was his chief of staff. The official announcement came on May 26 in Burlington, Vermont. His campaign was supported by Democratic Socialists of America.

Sanders' campaign events have brought many people from around the country. Sanders said he was "Stunned. Stunned. I mean I had to fight my way to get into the room. Standing room only. Minneapolis was literally beyond belief."

Months after his campaign started, poll numbers showed Clinton was the most likely to win the Democratic nomination. However, on June 25, 2015, "The New York Times" said that Sanders might win the primaries instead of Clinton. On August 12, 2015, the "Boston Herald" said that Sanders was winning by 44% to Clinton's 37% in New Hampshire among Democratic primary voters. A poll released on August 25, 2015, showed that Sanders was once again winning in New Hampshire with 42% to Clinton's 35%.

During his campaign, Sanders was known for his popularity among millennials and young voters. In the 2016 campaign, Sanders won more votes among those under age 30 than both Trump and Clinton combined. It shows more than 2 million young people cast ballots for Sanders before the primaries in June. His popularity led to the creation a Facebook political meme page Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash which has gained popularity among his supporters and the internet.

A poll released in September 2015 showed that Sanders was leading Clinton in Iowa with 41% to Clinton's 40%. In October 2015, polling showed Sanders and Clinton were tied in polls in both New Hampshire and Iowa. In November 2015, a poll showed Sanders was increasing his numbers in New Hampshire, almost tied with Clinton.
On November 19, 2015, Sanders gave a speech at Georgetown University about his views on democratic socialism. In his speech, Sanders talked about how the policies of presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Lyndon B. Johnson were based on democratic socialism.

On December 3, 2015, a Quinnipiac University poll found Sanders to be the Democratic candidate more likely to win the presidential election against top Republican candidates such as Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz and Ben Carson. On December 4, 2015, after online voting ended, votes showed that Sanders was in first place to become "Time's" 2015 Person of the Year. He had 10.4% of votes compared to second place holder Malala Yousafzai's 5.3%. On December 7, "Time" announced that Sanders won the reader's poll of the magazine, but he would not be person of the year. On December 9, poll numbers showed that Sanders was leading Clinton in the New Hampshire polls by 50% to 40%. The university also showed Clinton was winning with 61% to Sanders's 30% of the national poll.

In January 2016, in weeks leading to the Democratic primaries, Sanders was leading New Hampshire by 50% to Clinton's 46% and in Iowa with 49% to 43%. On January 21, 2016, Sanders' campaign advertisement, America, was shown in Iowa and New Hampshire. Many people liked the ad and the "New York Times" said it was "powerful" and "inspiring".

In early February 2016, a national poll showed Sanders and Clinton almost tied with Clinton's 44% to Sanders' 42% in the national poll. A few weeks later, Quinnipiac University, CNN and Fox News poll numbers showed Sanders being the front-runner with 47% to Clinton's 44% of the national poll. After the Nevada caucus, new poll numbers showed Sanders's national lead growing with 42% to Clinton's 36%. A February 2016 Quinnipiac University poll found that Sanders was the most honest candidate in the election.

On March 8, 2016, Sanders won the Michigan Democratic primary. Political experts and news networks called it an upset victory. Polls showed Clinton winning by many numbers. On March 11, 2016, a mass protest over a planned Trump rally at the University of Illinois at Chicago caused hundreds to clash and four people were injured. In the aftermath, Trump accused of Sanders and his supporters of creating the protest to purposely cancel the Trump rally. Sanders later called out Trump as a "pathological liar" who leads a "vicious movement", and said that "while I appreciate that we had supporters at Trump's rally in Chicago, our campaign did not organize the protests".

In early April 2016, national poll numbers showed Sanders winning by 49% to Clinton's 47%. On April 8, Sanders was asked by Vatican City to talk about the issues of income inequality and the environment. Sanders agreed to the invitation and spoke at the Vatican on April 15. While on his trip, he met with Pope Francis in private. In April 2016, Sanders was added into "Time's 100 Most Influential People" of 2016. His introduction was written by former United States Secretary of Labor and supporter Robert Reich.

In May 2016, national poll numbers showed Sanders loosing to Clinton with 45% to Clinton's 50% with 5% people undecided. On May 3, 2016, Sanders pulled another political upset after beating Clinton in the Indiana primaries by six percent. Earlier poll numbers showed Clinton winning in Indiana. On May 10, 2016, Sanders won the West Virginia primaries by 51.4% to Clinton's 35.8%. In 2008, Clinton had won that election by 66.93% to her primary challenger Barack Obama's 25.17%.

A NBC/Wall Street Journal poll in May found Clinton and presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump in a tie, but the same poll found that if Sanders were the Democratic nominee, 53% of voters would support him to 39% for Trump. Clinton and Trump were the least popular likely candidates in the poll's history, while Sanders received a 43% positive with a 36% negative rating.

On June 6, 2016, Clinton reached the number of delegates to become the presumptive Democratic Party nominee. Sanders said he will still remain in the race until the Democratic Party convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in July 2016. On July 12, 2016, Sanders announced his support for Clinton at a unity rally in New Hampshire.

On July 22, 2016, WikiLeaks revealed that DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and other DNC official, mocked and planned to sabotage the Sanders's campaign in favor of Clinton. Sanders said he wanted Schultz to resign. The next day, Schultz announced that she will resign after the Democraitc convention on July 28, 2016.

Sanders spoke on the first night of the Democratic Convention on July 25, 2016. In his speech, Sanders told his supporters that he thanked them and to vote for Clinton to defeat Donald Trump in the general election. On July 26, 2016, during a roll-call vote at the 2016 Democratic National Convention Sanders lost the nomination to Clinton.

On February 1, 2016, Sanders lost the Iowa caucus to Clinton by less than 1%. On February 9, Sanders won the New Hampshire caucus by 22%. His victory was one of the largest in years. Sanders became the first democratic socialist and the first non-Christian to win a United States presidential primary for a major party. On February 20, 2016, Sanders lost the Nevada caucus by 5%. On February 27, 2016, Sanders lost the South Carolina primary by almost 48%.

On March 1, 2016, "Super Tuesday", Sanders won four states: Vermont, Oklahoma, Colorado and Minnesota. He lost Massachusetts by less than 1%. He lost Alabama, American Samoa, Arkansas, Georgia, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia during the event. On March 5, 2016, "Super Saturday", Sanders won two states: Kansas by 35% and Nebraska by almost 15%. He lost the Louisiana primary by about 48% during the event. On March 6, 2016, Sanders won the Maine caucuses by almost 65%. On March 8, 2016, Sanders lost the Mississippi primaries by 65%. On the same day, Sanders won the Michigan primaries by 2%. On March 12, 2016, Sanders lost the Northern Mariana Islands caucus by 20%. On March 15, 2016, Sanders lost the Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, Illinois, and Missouri primaries.

On March 21, 2016, Sanders won the Democrats Abroad primary with 69% to Clinton's 31%. He won 52 out of the 55 international countries of the primaries. He lost Nigeria, Singapore and the Dominican Republic. On March 23, 2016, Sanders won the Idaho primaries and the Utah caucus. He won by more than 50% in each contest compared to Clinton. On the same day, he lost the Arizona primaries by more than 30%. On March 26, 2016, Sanders won the Washington, Alaska and the Hawaii caucuses all by landslide victories.

On April 5, 2016, Sanders won the Wisconsin primaries with 57% to Clinton's 43% of the vote. On April 9, 2016, Sanders won the Wyoming caucuses with 56% to Clinton's 44%. On April 19, 2016, Sanders lost the New York primaries with 42% to Clinton's 58%. On April 26, 2016, Sanders lost the Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, and Connecticut primaries. On the same day, he won the Rhode Island primaries.

On May 3, 2016, Sanders won the Indiana primaries with 53% to Clinton's 47% of the vote. On May 7, 2016, he lost the Guam caucuses with 40% to Clinton's 60% of the vote. On May 10, 2016, Sanders won the West Virginia primaries with 51% to Clinton's 36% of the vote. On May 17, 2016, Sanders lost the Kentucky primaries by less than 1%. On the same day, he won the Oregon primaries with 55% of the vote to Clinton's 46%.

On June 4, 2016, Sanders lost the U.S. Virgin Islands caucus in a landslide. On June 5, 2016, Sanders lost the Puerto Rico primaries. On June 7, 2016, Sanders lost the primaries in New Jersey, New Mexico, South Dakota, and California. He won the North Dakota and Montana primaries that day. On June 14, 2016, Sanders lost the Washington, D.C. primaries, the last primary of the election season, with 20% to Clinton's 80%.

In August 2016, Sanders founded Our Revolution. It is an organization dedicated to educating voters about political issues, getting people involved in the political process, and recruiting and supporting candidates for local, state, and national office. Sanders also plans to establish The Sanders Institute, which will focus on issues he believes the "corporate media" has failed to focus on. The agenda will include "the disappearing middle class, 'massive' income inequality, horrific levels of poverty and problems affecting seniors and children."

On November 9, 2016, Donald Trump was elected President of the United States defeating Hillary Clinton. On December 19, 2016 during the voting of the electoral college, Sanders got three electoral votes from electors who did not want to vote for Clinton. They were from Hawaii, Minnesota, and Maine. Only the Hawaii elector's vote was counted. The Minnesota and Maine electoral votes were rejected and later went to Clinton.

Noam Chomsky said in a May 2017 BBC interview that the Sanders campaign was the most remarkable thing about the 2016 election because of Sanders not accepting money from business people or corporations.

Many political experts say that Sanders' campaign made both the Clinton campaign and the Democratic party more progressive. After ending his presidential campaign, Sanders' ideas of national single-payer health-care program, his $15-an-hour minimum wage support, free college tuition and many of the other campaign platform issues have been becoming more popular. Some former staffers created the political action committee Brand New Congress which aimed at looking for younger people to run for office.

In the 2018 midterms, Sanders supported many progressive candidates. A few of the people he endorsed ended up winning their primaries. For example, in an upset that surprised many people, including the candidate herself, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez beat the incumbent Joseph Crowley for United States Representative in New York City. Benjamin Jealous became the Democratic nominee for Governor of Maryland. Ironworker Randy Bryce and former Chicago mayoral candidate Chuy García ran for United States Representative in Wisconsin and Illinois respectively, and Tallahassee mayor Andrew Gillum won the Democratic party's nomination for Governor of Florida. Despite winning their primaries, only Ocasio-Cortez and García won their respective general elections.

Sanders had been asked many times if he would run for president again in the 2020 presidential election. Sanders would respond by stating "it is much too early to talk about that", but refused to rule out a possible second presidential campaign.

After a poll was made in February 2017, 20% of Democratic voters wanted Sanders to be the party's nominee in the 2020 presidential election, leading Hillary Clinton at 17% and Elizabeth Warren at 15%. In March 2017, at 14%, Sanders was the Democratic voters front-runner for the Democratic nomination in 2020, beating Michelle Obama at 11%. In September 2017, at a polling of 28%, Sanders remained the lead candidate for the Democratic Party nominee in the 2020 election beating Warren, former Vice President Joe Biden and Senator from California Kamala Harris. In most of the 2018 polls, Sanders leading the nomination in second place, behind former Vice President Biden. During the 2019 debate season, Sanders, Elizabeth Warren and Biden are seen as the top candidates in the primaries.

His second campaign has been supported by Senator Patrick Leahy, Representatives Ro Khanna, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Ilhan Omar, Mark Pocan, Pramila Jayapal, Mark Takano, Chuy García, and Peter Welch, former Senators Mike Gravel and Donald Riegle, former Representative and DNC Vice Chair Keith Ellison, former Representatives Luis Gutiérrez and Alan Grayson, New York City Mayor and former 2020 presidential candidate Bill de Blasio, San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz, former San Francisco councilwoman Jane Kim, former Bolivian President Evo Morales, former Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa, former Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega, U.K. MPs Diane Abbott, Rebecca Long-Bailey and John McDonnell, German politician Bernd Riexinger, whistleblower Edward Snowden, political activists Cornel West and Jesse Jackson, directors Jim Jarmusch Adam McKay, and Werner Herzog, actors James Cromwell, Jack Nicholson, David Cross, Danny DeVito, Danny Glover, Mark Ruffalo, Jane Fonda, and Susan Sarandon, radio personality Howard Stern, rap artists Cardi B and Killer Mike, singers Ariana Grande and Miley Cyrus, model Emily Ratajkowski, and by the political groups Democratic Socialists of America, and Our Revolution.

In January 2018, Sanders created a team of political experts to see if it would be a good idea to run again in the 2020 presidential election. In May 2018, former campaign manager Jeff Weaver said Sanders is "actively considering" a second presidential bid. In August 2018, Sanders announced on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" that he is not ruling out another run for the presidency in 2020.

In January 2019, it was reported that it is certain Sanders would enter the 2020 primary race following his lead in the contested race and an announcement would be immediate. On February 15, 2019, it was reported that Sanders recorded his presidential announcement video for a 2020 bid. He announced his second presidential bid on February 19, 2019.

On March 2, 2019, Sanders held his first presidential rally in Brooklyn College in New York City. The next day, Sanders held a second rally at Navy Pier in Chicago. About 13,000 people went to the Brooklyn rally and 12,500 went to the Chicago rally.

On March 5, 2019, Sanders signed a formal statement, called a "loyalty pledge", saying that he is a member of the Democratic Party and will serve as a Democrat if elected. The day before, he had signed paperwork to run as an independent for re-election to his Senate seat in 2024. Later that month, national polling had Sanders and former Vice President Joe Biden tied for the Democratic primaries.

In January 2020, national polling showed Sanders in second place with 16% behind Biden's 28%, a three point gain for Sanders since last polling.

On April 6, 2019, Sanders was part of a Fox News town hall that had more than 2.55 million viewers. Sanders's appearance on Fox News saw an increase of Fox News viewers by 24% overall and 40% in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic.

During the first four Democratic primary debates, Sanders appeared near the center stage, as one of the highest polling candidates. During the July and September debates, Sanders and Elizabeth Warren were described by commentators as having a "non-aggression pact", talking about progressive positions which were different than positions from the other candidates.

Within three-and-a-half hours after his announcement, Sanders had raised over $1 million from small donations from all 50 states, breaking the record held by Senator Kamala Harris after her presidential announcement. Within 12 hours, Sanders had raised over $4 million from 150,000 donors, and in the first 24 hours following his announcement, Sanders raised $5.9 million from 225,000 small donations, with the average donation being $27. In November 2019, Sanders said his campaign had over four million donations from individual donors, the largest than any other presidential candidate in American history.

In January 2020, Sanders raised over $34.5 million during the fourth quarter of 2019, the largest of any 2020 Democratic presidential campaign.

In April 2019, a national poll had Sanders leading Biden 29% to 24% among Democratic voters for the primaries.

Sanders polled between 15-20% on most national surveys between May and September of 2019. In September 2019, Warren and Sanders remained in a virtual tie for second place. Some surveys showed Warren ahead of Sanders, while others showed Sanders ahead of Warren.

National surveys of a potential general election matchup with Donald Trump showed Sanders leading by an average of 6.5% as of September of 2019, compared to a 11.7% lead for Biden and a 5% lead for Warren. The average of polls in New Hampshire in August and September of 2019 showed a virtual tie between Sanders, Warren, and Biden. After constantly being behind Warren and Biden in the polls, in November 2019 Sanders saw a rise in polls beating Warren for the second place spot behind Biden.

In January 2020, an Iowa poll found Sanders tied for first place behind Biden and Pete Buttigieg with 23%. The same poll found Sanders in first place in New Hampshire with 27% and Biden in second with 25%. A few weeks later, Sanders was leading in a nationwide poll with 27% against Biden's 24%.

On February 10, 2020 following the Iowa caucuses, a national poll had Sanders leading the race with 25% while Biden fell to 17%. A few weeks later on February 27, a new Fox News national poll showed Sanders at 31% with Biden at 18%. After Super Tuesday in March, Biden began to expand his lead over Sanders.

On February 3, 2020, the Iowa caucuses were held, however, due to an issue with apps used to count the votes and spread the delegate votes, the results were announced the following day. The next day, 71% of the votes were released showing Pete Buttigieg leading Sanders by less than 2%. On February 10, Sanders and Buttigieg asked for a recount. The overall results, Sanders won the popular vote winning 45,842 (26.5%) while Buttigieg won 26.2% of the state delegates equivalents to Sanders' 26.1%. On February 27, Buttigieg was declared the winner of the Iowa caucus despite Sanders winning the popular vote.

On February 11, 2020, Sanders won the New Hampshire primary winning almost 26% of the vote compared to Buttigieg's 24%. On February 23, Sanders won the Nevada caucus in a landslide victory winning 40% of the popular vote and 47% of the county convention delegates. Following the race, Sanders became the Democratic front-runner leading with 34 delegates and nearly 26% of the popular vote. He also became the first presidential candidate, Democrat or Republican, to win the popular vote in the first three primary states in a row. In February 29, Sanders lost the South Carolina primary winning nearly 20% of the vote to Biden's 48%.

During Super Tuesday on March 3, 2020, Sanders won the California, Utah, Colorado and Vermont contests. He lost American Samoa to Michael Bloomberg and Alabama, Arkansas, Massachusetts, Minnesota, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to Joe Biden. On March 11, Sanders won the North Dakota caucus, but lost the Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Washington, and Idaho primaries to Biden. On March 14, Sanders won the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. On March 18, Sanders lost the Arizona, Illinois and Florida primaries. On March 23, Sanders won the Democrats Abroad primary winning 58% of the vote compared to Biden's 23%.

Sanders lost the Alaska primary on April 11, 2020 after winning 44.7% of the vote to Biden's 55.3%. Two days later, Sanders lost the Wisconsin primary to Biden with a 63.8% to 30.9% margin.

On April 8, 2020 one day after the Wisconsin primary, Sanders ended his campaign. He had not beaten Biden in many primary contests after Super Tuesday. Sanders said that he would stay on the ballot in the remaining states and continue to keep delegates because he wanted to add progressive ideas to the Democratic Party and to Biden's campaign. On April 13, Sanders said voters should vote for Biden for President.

In a May 2020 interview, Sanders said that he might run for a third time in 2024 but that it was unlikely.

Sanders spoke on the first day of the 2020 Democratic National Convention on August 17, 2020.

After Biden won the election, may have joined the cabinet as United States Secretary of Labor in the Biden administration. Sanders said that he would accept the position if Biden offered it to him. He asked Senate allies and labor unions to support him as a possible Labor secretary. In January 2021, Biden picked Mayor of Boston, Marty Walsh, to be Labor Secretary. Biden said he thought about picking Sanders but did not want to risk the Democratic majority in the next Senate.

Sanders married Deborah Shiling in 1964. The couple divorced two years later in 1966. He met his second wife, Jane O'Meara, when Sanders became mayor of Burlington, Vermont in 1981. They were married in 1988. Sanders has a son, Levi Sanders, who was born out of wedlock with his domestic partner Susan Campbell Mott. Sanders and Mott were partners only one year before splitting in 1969. Sanders has three step-children from O'Meara: Dave, Carina and Heather Driscoll. He thinks of them as his own children. His brother, Larry, was a Green Party County Councillor representing East Oxford in England until his retirement in 2013.

Sanders says he is "proud to be Jewish" but is not very religious. He likes Pope Francis. Sanders says he feels "very close to the teachings of Pope Francis,". He calls the pope "incredibly smart and brave".

In 2016 and 2017, Sanders had earnings of just over $1 million, mostly royalties for his published books. He and his wife own two houses in Capitol Hill and in Burlington, and a lakefront summer home in North Hero.

Sanders received an Honorary degree from Brooklyn College on May 30, 2017. In 2018 a species of Theridiidae spiders, "Spintharus berniesandersi", was named after him.

Sanders had a small role in the 1988 movie "Sweet Hearts Dance". He played a man who gave candy to kids. In 1999, he had another small role in the low-budget movie "My X-Girlfriend's Wedding Reception". He played the role of Rabbi Many Shevitz. On February 6, 2016, Sanders was a guest-star on "Saturday Night Live". He played a Polish immigrant on a steamboat that was sinking near the Statue of Liberty.

In 1987, when Sanders was mayor, he recorded an album called "We Shall Overcome". In 1997, Huck Gutman and Sanders wrote a political memoir called "Outsider in the White House". It was published again in 2015 during Sanders' presidential campaign.

Sanders wrote a memoir titled, "", which was released on November 15, 2016. In November 2017, Sanders and Mark Ruffalo were nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for their narration of the memoir.

In August 2017, Sanders published another political book titled "Bernie Sanders Guide to Political Revolution" which is aimed to help teenagers to get involve in the political scene. In November 2018, he published another book titled "Where We Go From Here", talking about how the aftermath of his 2016 campaign created a progressive movement and what Americans need to do to stand against the Trump presidency.

On November 30, 2015, Sanders had a hernia surgery at the George Washington University Hospital in Washington, D.C.. He made a full recovery later that week.

In December 2016, Sanders had skin cancer removed from his cheek. He made a full recovery the next day.

Sanders had chest pains at a campaign event in Las Vegas on October 1, 2019 and was soon hospitalized. He had surgery because his arteries were blocked. He had two stents planted and recovered from the surgery. Sanders left the hospital on October 4 and his doctors said that Sanders actually had a heart attack.

A few days after returning home, Sanders said that he had been having fatigue and chest discomfort for a month or two before the incident and regretted not going to the hospital beforehand. Sanders participated in the October 15 Democratic debate in Ohio on CNN.

In June 2017, the FBI launched an investigation into Sander's wife Jane's involvement in a bank loan for Burlington College of which she was president. This was after Brady Toensing, Donald Trump's campaign chairman in Vermont, accused Sanders of bank fraud. Both CBS and Politico reported that Bernie Sanders was also under investigation, however that was not true. Both Sanders and his wife have hired well known defense lawyers to represent them.

Sanders and his two presidential campaigns have become popular on the internet and have been made into Internet memes. During the 2020 primary season, a screenshot from a fundraising video where Sanders tells the viewers "I am once again asking for your financial support" became a popular meme. In March 2020, a video of the Twitch streamer Neekolul wearing a Bernie 2020 shirt lip singing "Oki Doki Boomer" also went viral. In 2021, a picture of Sanders from the inauguration of Joe Biden showing him sitting in a chair wearing mittens and a jacket from the "I am once again asking" meme went viral.

Sanders is a democratic socialist. He supports the Nordic model of social democracy. He thinks a workplace democracy is a good idea. He focuses on income, banning assault weapons, raising taxes on the wealthy, raising the minimum wage, federal background checks for guns, universal healthcare, lowering student debt, making tuition free at public colleges and universities, and expanding Social Security benefits.

Sanders is a supporter of paternity leave, sick leave, and vacation time. He also supports rules that would make it easier for workers to join or form a union. Sanders knows that global warming is real and he wants to fix it. He is against the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Sanders was against the U.S. invasion of Iraq. He thinks that the government should not engage in mass surveillance of American citizens. He has been against Patriot Act since it was created.

Sanders is more liberal on social issues such as supporting same-sex marriage, DACA, citizenship for illegal immigrants and abortion. On November 15, 2015, in response to ISIS' attacks in Paris, Sanders said: "We [have got to] be tough, not stupid," in the war against ISIS. He said that the United States should still welcome Syrian refugees.

After Donald Trump's victory in the 2016 presidential elections, Sanders said that the Democratic Party needs a "series of reforms" and "must break loose from its corporate establishment ties and, once again, become a grass-roots party of working people, the elderly and the poor."

In September 2017, Sanders called Saudi Arabia "an undemocratic country that has supported terrorism around the world, it has funded terrorism. ... They are not an ally of the United States".

In an October 2018 column for "The New York Times", Sanders called on the United States to end its backing of the Saudi intervention in Yemen and said Congress should have authorized it first.

In June 2019, Sanders called on Brazilian authorities to release former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva from prison and drop all charges against him after leaked documents showed his arrest was politically motivated.

On July 9, 2019, Sanders and Representatives Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Earl Blumenauer proposed legislation that would declare climate change a national and international emergency. In September 2019, Sanders said that family planning and controlling overpopulation in third world countries can help fight climate change.



René Casados

René Casados Morales (born October 21, 1961) is a Mexican actor. He is best known for his roles in telenovelas. His career began during the 1970s. As of February 2010, he has appeared in nineteen telenovelas (Spanish-language soap operas). He is known for his roles "La madrastra" as Bruno Mendizábal and "Fuego en la sangre" as Father Tadeo.




Rafael Inclán

Rafael Jiménez Inclán (born February 22, 1941) is a Mexican actor. He stars on movies, telenovelas (Spanish soap operas), and stage works. He was known for his role in "La Red" and on "Mujeres Asesinas". His career began in 1969.

Inclán was born in Mérida, Yucatán, México.

Mount Airy, North Carolina

Mount Airy is a city in Surry County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 10,676. Actor Andy Griffith was born here in 1926.

Mount Airy was settled in the 1750s as a stagecoach stop on the road between Winston-Salem, North Carolina and Galax, Virginia. It was named for a nearby plantation. Mount Airy was incorporated in 1885.


B. K. S. Iyengar

B. K. S. Iyengar, or Bellur Krishnamachar Sundararaja Iyengar (December 14, 1918 - August 20, 2014) was an Indian yoga teacher and writer. He founded the style of yoga known as "Iyengar Yoga". And It Was An Honour By Him To Invent A New Yoga Style After Ages. He was thought to be one of the foremost yoga teachers in the world.

He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1991, the Padma Bhushan in 2002 and the Padma Vibhushan in 2014. In 2004, Iyengar was named one of the 100 most influential people in the world by "Time Magazine".

Iyengar died in Pune, India from a heart attack caused by renal failure, aged 95.
Every Yoga Teacher And Student Were Terribbly Sad Due To Him Passing Away


Cassandra Peterson

Cassandra Peterson (born September 17, 1951) is an American actress. She played Elvira in "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark". She also played the Hostess in the movie "Elvira's Movie Macabre". 

Peterson was born in Manhattan, Kansas.

Catsuit

Catsuits are close-fitting one-piece garments that cover the torso and the legs, and often the arms. They are often made with leather, chiffon, latex or spandex materials. The suits usually close with zippers in the front or back.

Catsuits were worn as early as the 1940s. They can be worn by males or females. Despite their name, they do not have feline characteristics.

Catsuits may also be transparent or completely opaque.

Some people consider catsuits to be fetish items.

Chiffon

Chiffon is a lightweight, plain-woven sheer fabric. The fabric is woven of S and Z twist crepe yarns. The twist in the crepe yarns puckers the fabric in both directions. 

Chiffon is made from cotton, silk or synthetic fibers.

Gowns, lingerie, scarves and other clothing can be made of chiffon.

Latex clothing

Latex clothing is clothing made out of latex rubber. This clothing includes fetish fashion and BDSM clothing. It can also include raincoats, gloves, leotards and stockings.

Latex clothing is often worn very close to the skin.

Leotard

A leotard is a skin-tight one-piece garment that covers the torso. Leotards are often worn by acrobats, gymnasts, dancers, circus performers and figure skaters. They are worn by both males and females.

Leotards can have short sleeves, long sleeves, or no sleeves.

Chattanooga (band)

Chattanooga was a pop trio consisting of the Mia, Ackie and Clara Kempff sisters from Halmstad in Sweden. They scored chart successes during the early 1980s. They also participated at Melodifestivalen 1982 with the song "Hallå hela pressen". It ended up 4th.

In 2004, the trio was conemporary united to rerecord "Hallå hela pressen" together with Nina & Kim.




Port of Rio de Janeiro

The Port of Rio de Janeiro () is a seaport in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil. It is located in a cove on the west shore of Guanabara Bay. The port is managed by Companhia Docas do Rio de Janeiro. As of the 21st century, it is the third busiest port in Brazil.


Flags of the Nguyễn dynasty's administrative units

Flags of the Nguyễn Dynasty's administrative units were used since about 1868 to 1885, with 2:2 ratio.



Ferguson unrest

On August 10, 2014, the day after the shooting of Michael Brown, an African-American 18-year-old, protests began in Ferguson, Missouri. These happened for over two weeks.
On August 10, a day of memorials began peacefully. However, after an evening candlelight vigil, looting started.

On August 13, "The Washington Post" reporter Wesley Lowery and "The Huffington Post" reporter Ryan Reilley were arrested.

CNN reported on 212 arrests. President Barack Obama said that most of the protestors in Ferguson were peaceful.

At a charity event, rapper Nelly led a crowd to join him in chanting "Hands up, don't shoot."

On August 19, two miles from Ferguson a 25-year-old African-American man, Kajieme Powell, was shot and killed by two police officers. Six other people have been injured.

On August 20, St. Ann Police Lieutenant Ray Albers was suspended for pointing a semi-automatic assault rifle at a peaceful protestor the night before.

Police made an "organized protest zone" in Ferguson.

August 26 was the #HandsUP Global Day of Action.

On August 28 a lawsuit was filed by five people against the Ferguson Police Chief, Thomas Jackson, St Louis County Police Chief, Jon Belmar, officer Justin Cosma and several officers who were not named. A few hundred people held a rally at West Florissant Avenue on August 30.

A memorial for Brown was burned. After this happened there were more protests. Seven people were arrested. The memorial was made again. On October 13, Cornel West was arrested at a peaceful protest.

North Korea called the United States a "human rights graveyard".


American Curl

The American Curl is a breed of cat. It has unusual ears for a cat. They curl back away from the face and seem to be sideways. This cat is a rare breed, but now lives in the United States, Spain, France, Japan, Russia, and other parts of the world. The American Curl is usually a strong and healthy breed.

Both longhaired and shorthaired American Curls have soft, silky coats which lie flat against their bodies. They require little grooming and enjoy spending time with their owners.

The American Curl is a medium-sized cat (5–10 lbs). It is not completely grown until 2–3 years of age. American Curl kittens are born with straight ears, like any other kittens. The ears begin to curl in about eighty-two days. After four months, their ears will not curl any longer. Then they become hard and feel stiff.

A house pet American Curl may have almost straight ears. To qualify for cat shows, ears must curl at an angle between 90 and 180 degrees. More curl is better, but cats will be not allowed to be shown if their ears touch the back of their skulls.

The breed began in Lakewood, California in a natural birth of kittens, but with a genetic mutation. In June 1981, two stray kittens were found and taken in by the Ruga family. The kittens were both longhaired, one black and the other black and white. The family named the black cat Shulamith. The black and white was named Panda. Several weeks later, Panda went missing. This left Shulamith to be the first female of the American Curl breed.

In 1986, an American Curl was judged in a cat show for the first time. In 1992, a longhaired American Curl became a champion in The International Cat Association (TICA). In 1999, the American Curl was the first breed the Cat Fanciers' Association (CFA) Championship Class allowed in both longhair and shorthair categories.

American Curl cats' ears need cleaning often to keep away infections. The ears must also be handled very gently to keep from breaking the cartilage.



Boris Dubin

Boris Vladimirovich Dubin (; 31 December 1946 – 20 August 2014) was a Russian sociologist and a translator for English, French, Spanish, Latin American and Polish books. 

Dubin was the head of department of sociopolitical researches at the Levada Center and the assistant to Lev Gudkov, editor-in-chief of the sociological journal Russian Public Opinion Herald published by the Center. He worked at the Russian State University for the Humanities.

James Foley (journalist)

James Wright Foley (October 18, 1973 – August 19, 2014) was an American photojournalist. He was abducted in northwestern Syria on November 22, 2012, while working for the U.S.-based online news outlet "GlobalPost".

He was beheaded by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant at an unknown desert location in August 2014 in revenge for United States airstrikes on the group. His family, President Obama and the United States National Security Council all confirmed that a video of his death was real. Foley's beheading marked the first time ISIS had killed an American citizen.

Daniel Pearl

Daniel Pearl (October 10, 1963 – February 1, 2002) was an American journalist. He had American and Israeli citizenship. He was born in Princeton, New Jersey and raised in Encino, Los Angeles. He was kidnapped by Pakistani militants and later murdered by al-Qaeda member Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in Pakistan. Pearl was kidnapped while working as the South Asia Bureau Chief of "The Wall Street Journal", based in Mumbai, India.

In July 2002, Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh, a British national of Pakistani origin, was sentenced to death by hanging for Pearl's abduction and murder.


Rochester, New Hampshire

Rochester is a city in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 32,492. The city includes the villages of East Rochester and Gonic. Rochester is home to Skyhaven Airport.

Odessa Sathyan

Cheeram Veetti Sathyan, popularly known as Odessa Sathyan (10 October 1957 – 19 August 2014) was an Indian documentary filmmaker and social activist. he was known for his works in the naxal movements of the seventies in Kerala and his association with "Odessa Collective". He was a recipient of Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi award, for his musical album, "Balikurup", a documentary on Malayalam poet, A. Ayyappan.

Sathyan died on 19 August 2014 from pancreatic cancer at the Kozhikode Medical College in Kerala, India. His body was laid to rest at his home at Narayana Nagar, Kozhikode.


Candida Lycett Green

Candida Lycett Green (22 September 1942 – 19 August 2014) was a British author. 

Lycett was born in Dublin. She was the daughter of John Betjeman. She was raised in Berkshire. She married Rupert Lycett Green in 1963.

She wrote sixteen books including "English Cottages", "Goodbye London", "The Perfect English House", "Over the Hills and Far Away" and "The Dangerous Edge of Things". 

Her television documentaries include “The Englishwoman and the Horse” and “The Front Garden”. "Unwrecked England", based on a regular column of the same name she has written for "The Oldie" since 1992, was published in 2009.

Lycett Green died at the age of 71 on 19 August 2014 from pancreatic cancer.


Mercator projection

The Mercator projection is a cylindrical map projection which is widely used in cartography today. It was developed by Gerardus Mercator in 1569. It is not a physical projection, and cannot be constructed using geometric tools. On a small scale, geometric shapes can be moved around the map, without distorting them (this property is known as conformity). As a downside, the scale of the shape and the direction of lines may change when shapes are moved. For example, Africa is actually 15 times larger than Greenland, but on this map projection they look the same size.

Today, Mercator projections are mainly used for maps.

List of flags of Vietnam

The following is a list of flags of Vietnam:







James Cama

James Cama Sr. (December 8, 1957 – August 15, 2014) was an American martial arts practitioner and teacher. He was known for practicing Wing Chun and the Southern Praying Mantis moves. Cama wrote a single book, covering the Buddha Hand Wing Chun system, which was published on August 14, 2014.


Ger van Elk

Ger van Elk (Amsterdam, March 9, 1941 - Amsterdam, August 17, 2014) was a Dutch artist. He made sculptures, painted photographs, installations and movies. His work is generally seen as conceptual art and arte povera. 

Between 1959 and 1988, he lived and worked in Los Angeles, New York City, and Amsterdam. He studied in Groningen in the 1960s. In 1996. he won the J. C. van Lanschot Prize for Sculpture.


Levente Lengyel

Levente Lengyel (13 June 1933 – 18 August 2014) was a Hungarian chess player. Lengyel gained the title of International Master in 1962 and became a Grandmaster in 1964.
His final published rating from the international chess federation FIDE was 2293, although he had not been active for a number of years. At his peak, he was regarded as a strong grandmaster, competing for his nation at the top level and winning medals. He died in Budapest in 2014.

Brian G. Hutton

Brian G. Hutton (January 1, 1935 – August 19, 2014) was an American movie director. He was known for his movies in "Where Eagles Dare", "Kelly's Heroes", "The First Deadly Sin", "High Road to China", and "King Creole".

Hutton died in Los Angeles, California, aged 75.

Samih al-Qasim

Samīħ al-Qāsim, , , (born May 11, 1939 - died August 19, 2014) was a Arab-language poet from Israel. His poetry is influenced by two primary periods of his life: before and after the Six-Day War. He joined the Communist Rakah party in 1967, later Hadash - the Front for Democracy and Equality. Al-Qasim has published several volumes and collections of poetry.

He worked also as a journalist and was several times in prison because of his political activities.

Al-Qasim died aged 75 of cancer. 

Anton Buslov

Anton Sergeevich Buslov (4 November 1983 – 20 August 2014) was a Russian blogger, columnist at The New Times magazine, expert in transportation systems. He was the founder of non-governmental organization "Voronezh Citizens – for trams". He was co-chair and co-founder of trans-regional non-governmental organization "City and transportation".

Buslov died from cancer in New York City, USA, aged 30.

Rajesultanpur

Rajesultanpur is a town and Nagar Panchayat in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It has many government offices. It has a police station. It is connected by NH 233B and NH 233A.

Irbid

Irbid () is the capital city of the Irbid Governorate.



Ain Shams University

Ain Shams University (Arabic: جامعة عين شمس) is a university in Cairo, Egypt. It started in 1950. It was called Ibrahim Pasha's University. Its name was changed after the revolution of July 23, 1952. It has eight campuses. The university has more than 180,000 students.


God Help the Girl (movie)

God Help the Girl is a 2014 British musical drama movie written and directed by Stuart Murdoch. At the Sundance Film Festival it won the World Cinema Dramatic Special Jury Award (Ensemble).


Kelly's Heroes

Kelly's Heroes is a 1970 American war comedy movie directed by Brian G. Hutton. It was about a group of World War II soldiers who go AWOL to rob a bank behind enemy lines.

The movie stars Clint Eastwood, Telly Savalas, Don Rickles, Carroll O'Connor, and Donald Sutherland, with secondary roles played by Harry Dean Stanton, Gavin MacLeod, and Stuart Margolin.

It was released on June 23, 1970 and made $5,200,000 at the movies. It had the budget of $4,000,000.



Albert Reynolds

Albert Reynolds (3 November 1932 – 21 August 2014) was an Irish politician. He was Taoiseach of Ireland two terms in a row. He served from February 1992 to January 1993 and again from January 1993 to December 1994. He was the fifth leader of Fianna Fáil during the same period.

In 1995, Reynolds was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.

Reynolds died in Dublin, from complications from Alzheimer's disease, aged 81.

Matt Heafy

Matthew Kiichi Heafy (born January 26, 1986) is a Japanese musician. He is the lead singer and guitarist of the heavy metal band Trivium. He joined the band at the age of twelve. 

Shortly after Ember to Inferno was released, Heafy wanted to try out post-hardcore music. He created a joke band called "Tomorrow Is Monday". In a 2008 interview with Rock Sound he said the first song was written, recorded and edited in one hour.





 

Ann-Christine Bärnsten

Margareta "Ann-Christine" Bärnsten, born 10 July 1957, is a Swedish singer and writer. She has written several detective stories.

As a singer, she participated at Melodifestivalen 1975 with the song "Ska vi plocka körsbär i min trädgård". The song ended up 5th.



Mats Rådberg

Mats Rådberg (8 June 1948 in Stockholm – 27 June 2020 in Stockholm) was a Swedish country singer, guitarist, composer and architect. He scored several chart successes in Sweden during the 1970s and 80s. He is well known for working together with the country band Rankarna under the name "Mats Rådberg & Rankarna". He also participated at Melodifestivalen 1977 with the song "Du och jag och sommaren". The song was written by Tomas Ledin, and ended up 10th.

Mats Rådberg also acted as a background singer behind Chips at Melodifestivalen 1980. In 1980, he released the album "I'm the Singer, You're the Song" together with Elisabeth Andreasson. In 1983 he scored a hit with the song "Peta in en pinne i brasan", a Swedish-language version of "Put Another Log on the Fire".

Rådberg died on 27 June 2020 in Stockholm, aged 72.



Blockbuster

Blockbuster was an American provider of home video (DVD, VHS), and video game rental services that was founded in 1985 and disestablished in 2013. In 2004, Blockbuster had 84,300 employees and over 8,000 stores.

Blockbuster was founded in 1985 by David Cook, a technician. In 1994 it was bought by media giant Viacom and in 1997 John Antioco was named CEO. In 2004, they launched the "Blockbuster By Mail" DVD service to compete with Netflix and In 2007, James Keyes, a 7-Eleven executive, replaced Antioco as CEO. Blockbuster also started "Blockbuster On Demand" as an online-streaming service. Blockbuster filed for bankruptcy on September 23, 2010. On April 6, 2011, the company and its remaining 1,700 stores were bought by the satellite television company Dish Network and Michael Kelly of Dish was named President of Blockbuster. Stores remained open until Dish closed all company-owned locations in 2013.

In 2015, Blockbuster replaced "Blockbuster On Demand" with Sling TV, an over-the-top television service. The Blockbuster Fan Page originally tracked the franchise-owned stores, but as of 2019 there is only remaining in operation in Bend, Oregon.

Imelda May

Imelda Mary Higham (or Imelda May; born 10 July 1974) is an Irish singer-songwriter and musician. She is known mostly as a singer, though plays guitar, bass guitar and tambourine. 

Her third studio record, "Mayhem", earned her a nomination for Choice Music Prize.

Imelda May was born in Dublin, Ireland.

Scagliola

Scagliola (from the Italian "scaglia", meaning "chips"), is an artificial way of imitating marble and other precious material. It is a decorative building material. 

Stucco columns, sculptures, and other architectural elements can be made by scagliola. It came into fashion in 17th-century Tuscany.

Scagliola is a composite substance made from selenite, glue and natural pigments, imitating marble and other hard stones. The material may be veined with colours and stuck on to a core, or patterns may be carved into a prepared scagliola matrix. The pattern is then then filled with the coloured, plaster-like composite. Then it is polished with flax oil for brightness, and wax for protection. The whole thing gives a richness of colour not easy to get in natural marbles.

Telmo Vargas

General Telmo Oswaldo Vargas Benalcázar (9 October 1912 – 9 August 2013) was an Ecuadorian politician. He served as President of Ecuador. He was Chief of Staff of Armed Forces of Ecuador. His army overthrew the military of Ramón Castro Jijón on 29 March 1966. 

Gerry Anderson (broadcaster)

Gerald Michael "Gerry" Anderson (28 October 1944 - 21 August 2014) was a Northern Irish radio and television broadcaster. He worked for BBC Northern Ireland. He was known for his unique style and somewhat unusual sense of humor. Anderson often called himself on his show, as "Turkey Neck", "Puppet Chin" or "Golf Mike Alpha".

Anderson died in Belfast, Northern Ireland from a long illness, aged 69.


Puli

The Puli is a small to medium sized dog breed. It was brought to Hungary with the Magyars in the late 9th century. They are used as herding and guard dogs.

Female Pulis are about high. Males are . Females weigh . Males weigh a little more.

The Puli is an intelligent and active dog. It needs obedience training while still young. If a Puli gets enough exercise it can live in the city, even in an apartment. 
But Pulis do best when not kept as indoor pets in a small living space. Pulis kept indoors need a lot of exercise to use up their energy, or they can became either shy or overactive. They need to get the kind of exercise they were created for. A Puli without enough exercise can became mischievous and cause trouble. The right kind of exercise includes running, biking, hiking, jogging and field work; not just a walk around the corner. Pulis are best kept in a house with a garden.

The Puli is happiest when it has work to do. Then this dog will show excellent intelligence, strength and ability to work with humans. This satisfies their strong instinct to guard their herd.
As a working dog, the Puli is obedient and focused when doing a task. Some of them are used as police dogs. They are one of the best sheepdogs. Pulis don't need to be taught how to guard the sheep. They naturally protect their territory and flock. Even though they are not big dogs, they will still try to scare away anyone they do not know.

If well trained, they understand even the smallest instructions and obey. They are excellent in obedience trials for dogs. These are also dogs who are sensitive (get their feelings hurt easily). Pulis hate being bullied or made fun of. Because they are so intelligent, they understand that they are being mistreated. If not treated well, they lose their desire to cooperate.

Pulis are not very friendly with people they do not know. With owners and friends, these dogs are funny, lovely and playful. Pulis bark quite a lot.

The coat of fur on a Puli is corded, like dreadlocks. The puli is a one-colored dog. It is usually black. It can also be white, gray, or cream. All Pulis, even the white ones have black eyes, black noses and black feet. The Puli's coat needs a lot of care to keep its cords clean, neat, and attractive. About 45 minutes of grooming work each week is recommended. When the dog is older the cords can become quite long and heavy. They sometimes are so long that they touch the ground. The cords can be thinner or thicker cords. The thin, nice cords are made by keeping the fur clean and cared for. Thin ropes are made by hand forming thinner ropes. 
This breed has little to no shedding (see Moult).

Robert Hansen

Robert Christian Hansen (February 15, 1939 - August 21, 2014), known in the media as the "Butcher Baker", was an American serial killer. 

Hansen was born in Estherville, Iowa to Edna and Christian Hansen, who was a Danish immigrant. In 1960, he burned down a bus garage. He was convicted of arson and sent to prison. His wife divorced him when he was in prison. He was assessed as having an infantile personality and released in 1962. He married another woman in 1963. The couple and their two children moved to Anchorage, Alaska, in 1967. In 1977, he was convicted of theft and sent to prison. He was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and in 1978 was released. In 1983, he was charged with assault, kidnapping, firearms offences, theft and deception. 

Between 1971 and 1983, Hansen abducted, raped, tortured and murdered at least 17 and possibly as many as 21 women in and around Anchorage. He was discovered, arrested, and convicted of four murders in 1984. He was sentenced to 461 years plus a life sentence with no possibility of parole.

Hansen died at the age of 75, at Alaska Regional Hospital in Anchorage on August 21, 2014 due to an illness.


Kaufman Astoria Studios

Kaufman Astoria Studios is a movie studio in New York.


Sava Stojkov

Sava Stojkov (Serbian Cyrillic: Сава Стојков; 29 March 1925 – 20 August 2014) was a Serbian naive art painter. He was known for his environment depictions, as well as for his pre-photorealistic tendencies.

Stojkov has exhibited at over 650 group exhibitions and received over 40 awards for his work worldwide. Ten books, monographs and 12 painting maps were published about his art and a large number of documentary movies, radio and television shows were recorded about his works. 

Stojkov was one of the most popular painters in Serbia and in the region. He painted landscapes and plains of Vojvodina, portraits of its people, and occasionally worked in specific oil-on-glass technique.

Stojkov died on 20 August 2014 in Sombor, Serbia, aged 89.


American Cocker Spaniel

The American Cocker Spaniel is a breed of dog. It is one of many Spaniel breeds. In the United States, the breed is usually called the Cocker Spaniel. In other parts of the world, it is called the American Cocker Spaniel. This is because there is a Cocker Spaniel called English Cocker Spaniel. They are clever, loving and happy dogs.

The breed is the smallest of the sporting or hunting dogs. Also, there are some differences between it and its English relative. It is a happy and intelligent working breed. Because of having been bred to meet show dog qualities, it is no longer an ideal working dog. These Spaniels now have many health problems with their hearts, eyes and ears.

The American Cocker has a medium long silky coat of fur. It has an upturned nose, either black or brown. It has long, silky ears that hang down. The eyes are large, dark in color and round. Fur colors can be black, tan, cream, dark red, buff, roan and sometimes merle.

This dog breed is nicknamed the "Merry Cocker". It is a friendly dog and not shy.

It is smart as a hunting dog. IQ tests given in the 1950s and 1960s showed the American Cocker did best of all dogs tested on hunting skills. But, they did not do as well on other skills. These showed they were slower in uncovering a dish of food or pulling on a string. The American Cocker Spaniel is in 20th place in Stanley Coren's "The Intelligence of Dogs". This means this dog is excellent in "Working or Obedience Intelligence" and in being trained.

If they are played with and loved as puppies, American Cockers can get along with people, children, other dogs and other pets. This breed has a tail that wags most of the time. It likes best to be around people. It is not meant to be left alone in a backyard. Cockers can get stressed by loud noises and by being treated roughly or fussed at.

Because they have now been bred to have a long coat, they can no longer be active enough to hunt or be exercised outside.




Casimir Pulaski

Count Kazimierz Michał Władysław Wiktor Pułaski of Ślepowron coat of arms (; March 6, 1745 October 11, 1779) was a Polish nobleman, soldier and military commander who has been called "the father of the American cavalry".

Pulaski was one of the leading military commanders for the Bar Confederation and fought against Russian domination of the Commonwealth. When this uprising failed, he was driven into exile. Following a recommendation by Benjamin Franklin, Pulaski emigrated to North America to help in the cause of the American Revolutionary War. He distinguished himself throughout the revolution. He most notably when he saved the life of George Washington. Pulaski became a general in the Continental Army. He created the Pulaski Cavalry Legion. He also created the American cavalry. At the Battle of Savannah, while leading a daring charge against British forces, he was gravely wounded, and died shortly thereafter.

In 2009, he was honored by becoming an honorary U.S. citizen.



Raed al Atar

Raed al Atar (1974 – 21 August 2014) was a Palestinian military personal. He was the commander of the Rafah company of the Hamas Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades. He was also a member of the Hamas high military council. According to the Congressional Research Service analyst Jim Zanotti, his command was important due to Rafah being the destination point for the smuggling tunnels from Egypt. al Atar was born in Gaza.

Al Atar was killed in Rafah, Gaza on 21 August 2014 in a missiles strike by the Israeli army.

Amanda Palmer

Amanda MacKinnon Gaiman Palmer (born April 30, 1976), sometimes known as Amanda Palmer, is an American musician. She became famous for being the singer of The Dresden Dolls. In 2008 her first solo album "Who Killed Amanda Palmer" was released by Roadrunner. Her second album "Theatre Is Evil" was released in 2012.

Palmer was born in New York City. She grew up in Lexington, Massachusetts.

At a Halloween party in 2000, Palmer met drummer Brian Viglione. Afterwards Palmer and Viglione started The Dresden Dolls.

Palmer has been married to English writer Neil Gaiman since 2011.


Knock Shrine

Knock Shrine () is a Roman Catholic pilgrimage site. In 1879, a religious vision was said to have happened in the village of Knock, County Mayo, Ireland. It was seen by fifteen people. The vision was of The Virgin Mary, Saint Joseph, John the Evangelist, angels, and Jesus Christ as the Lamb of God. A church was later built on the site, to worship and remember this event.

On the evening of 21 August 1879, at about 8 o'clock, fifteen people, aged from five years to seventy-five included men, women, teenagers and children, witnessed this event.

They all said they saw an apparition of Our Lady, Saint Joseph, and Saint John the Evangelist on the wall of the small parish church. The little church was called the Church of Saint John the Baptist.

The Blessed Virgin Mary was said to be beautiful, standing a few feet above the ground. She wore a white dress. She had a crown on her head. The crown was golden, sparkling, and glittering. She was described as "in prayer", with her eyes raised to heaven.

Saint Joseph, also wearing a white robe, stood on the Virgin's right hand. Behind the figures, to the left of Saint John was a plain altar. On the altar was a cross and a lamb, with angels around. The lamb is the symbol of Jesus. This symbol is from the religious phrase The Lamb of God)

Those who saw the apparition stood in the rain for up to two hours.

An ecclesiastical inquiry was held to decide if the vision was true and not a mistake or fake.

The evidence was found to be trustworthy and not a lie. At a second Commission of inquiry in 1936, the surviving witnesses confirmed the evidence they gave to the first Commission.

Every August, ten thousand pilgrims go to visit the Knock Shrine .

The original little church is still there. A new Apparition chapel with statues of Our Lady, St Joseph, the lamb and St John the Evangelist, has been built next to it. Knock Basilica is a separate building showing a tapestry of the apparition.

Mother Teresa of Calcutta visited the Shrine in June 1993.



Raphael (archangel)

Raphael is an archangel (arch means "highest" or "chief"). He is known in various religions as an angel who does acts of healing. The name "Raphael" means "It is God who heals", "God Heals", "God, Please Heal". Raphael is an angel in the Bible. His feast days (celebration days) are on September 29 and October 24.

Raphael is an archangel in Judaism and Christianity. In Islam, Raphael is the fourth major angel; in Muslim tradition, he is known as Israfil. Raphael is also an angel in Mormonism, as he is briefly mentioned in the Doctrine and Covenants.

Raphael is generally associated with the angel mentioned in the Gospel of John as stirring the water at the healing pool of Bethesda. Raphael is spoken about in the Book of Tobit. Raphael was sent by the Lord to heal Tobit of his blindness. He also takes care of Tobit son, Tobias. He walks with Tobias to the village where he meets his future wife, Sarah. Sarah needs to be rescued from a demon who kills everybody who goes near her. This evil demon kills every man she marries on their wedding night. While they walk, Tobias and the Angel catch a fish together. Raphael told Tobias to catch a fish use the gallbladder to heal Tobit's eyes. Raphael also told Tobias how to protect himself from the demon. Tobias made a little fire and was burning the heart and liver of the fish. Tobias was driving away the evil demon with smoke.

Raphael is the angel who can heal. He is the patron saint (taking care of) the young people, shepherds; sick people and travelers. He can cure eye problems and nightmares.

He is a special angel of the apothecaries; meaning nurses, pharmacists, physicians and jobs like those. He can also be the guardian angel of happy meetings. Raphael is said to guard pilgrims on their journeys, and is often shown holding a staff. He is also often shown holding or standing on a fish. The fish is a symbol of his healing of Tobias's father Tobit with the fish's gall.

Jean Redpath

Jean Redpath (28 April 1937 – 21 August 2014) was a Scottish folk singer-songwriter, educator and musician. She released over 23 albums between 1962 and 1995. She was worked with American folk legend such as Bob Dylan and Ramblin' Jack Elliott. Her last album was "The Moon's Silver Cradle".

Redpath was born in Edinburgh and raised in Leven, Fife. As a young adult, she moved to the United States to begin a music career. She was given an MBE in 1987.

Redpath died from cancer on 21 August 2014 at a hospital in Arizona. She was 77.


Steven Sotloff

Steven Joel Sotloff (May 11, 1983 – September 2, 2014) was an American journalist. He is best known for his work for "Time". He also worked for "The National Interest", "Media Line", and "Foreign Policy". He has appeared on CNN and Fox News. He has traveled to Syria, Egypt, Turkey, Libya, and Bahrain.

Sotloff was born and raised in Miami, Florida. His father is Arthur Sotloff. His mother is Shirley Pulwer. He studied at universities in Florida and New Hampshire.

On August 4, 2013, Sotloff was kidnapped in Aleppo, Syria near the Turkey border. He is currently being held captive by ISIS Islamic militants in eastern Syria. On August 19, 2014, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant released a video titled "A Message to America", showing the beheading of fellow journalist James Foley. At the end of the video, ISIS threatened U.S. president Barack Obama, telling him that "his next move" will decide the fate of Sotloff.

However, only days after this threat was released, the U.S. stepped up airstrikes against ISIS. The U.S. fired 14 missiles at various ISIS Humvees near the Mosul Dam.

On September 2, 2014, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant released a video of the beheading of a man they identified as Sotloff.


Prime number theorem

The prime number theorem is a theorem from number theory. Prime numbers are not distributed evenly across the number range. The theorem formalizes the idea that the probability of hitting a prime number between 1 and a given number becomes smaller, as numbers grow. This probability is about n/ln(n), where ln(n) is the natural logarithm function. This means that the probability of hitting a prime number with 2n digits is about half as likely than with n digits. For example, among the positive integers of at most 1000 digits, about one in 2300 is prime (ln 10 ≈ 2302.6), whereas among positive integers of at most 2000 digits, about one in 4600 is prime (ln 10 ≈ 4605.2). In other words, the average gap between consecutive prime numbers among the first "N" integers is roughly ln("N").

Fifteen-year old Carl Friedrich Gauss suspected that there was a link between prime numbers and logarithms in 1793. Adrien-Marie Legendre also suspected such a link in 1798. Jacques Hadamard and Charles-Jean de La Vallée Poussin proved the prime number theorem in 1896, over a century after Gauss.

Azerbaijani rock

Azerbaijani rock is a type of rock music sung by Azerbaijani people. In the Soviet era, rock music was forbidden because the Communist Party of the Soviet Union believed it was a "Western anti-socialist" influence. However, in the 1980s popular rock bands in Azerbaijan began to emerge. The Azerbaijanis blended folk music with their rock music. After Bolshevism, progressive rock music began to be popular among Azerbaijani people. Since 2004, the Azerbaijan Music Awards honors musicians who record rock music.


2014–15 Premier League

The 2014–15 Premier League is the 23rd season of the Premier League. It is the top English professional league for association football clubs since it started in 1992. The fixtures were announced on 18 June 2014. 
The season started on Saturday 16 August 2014 and will end on Sunday 24 May 2015.

A total of 20 teams will play in the league. The top 17 sides from the 2013–14 season and the three promoted from the 2013–14 Football League Championship.
On 5 April 2014, Leicester City earned promotion from the 2013–14 Football League Championship after ten-years away from the Premier League. They became champions after beating Bolton Wanderers on 22 April 2014. On 21 April 2014, Burnley earned promotion to the Premier League with second place. This followed their win over Wigan Athletic. On 24 May 2014 Queens Park Rangers were the final team to be promoted after winning the 2014 Football League Championship play-off Final. They won 1–0 against Derby County at Wembley Stadium in London. The three teams replace Cardiff City, Fulham and Norwich City, who were all relegated to the Championship at the end of the previous season.






Liz Holzman

Elizabeth E. "Liz" Holzman (February 9, 1953 – August 11, 2014) was an American movie and television director, producer, animator and writer. She was best known for her work on the animated television shows "Animaniacs" and "Pinky and the Brain". She won three Emmy Awards during the 1990s.

Holzman was born in San Francisco, California. She studied at Mills College and at the California Institute of the Arts. There she earned her MFA in movie graphics. She was also the Animation Department Chair at the Art Institute of Portland.

Holzman died from breast cancer on August 11, 2014 in Portland, Oregon. She was 61.

Cat o' nine tails

The cat o' nine tails is a multi-tailed whip. It is sometimes called just the cat. It was first used to give severe physical punishment. It was used in the Royal Navy and British Army.

The cat o' nine tails is sometimes used in BDSM or sexual fetish activity.

Maria Altmann

Maria Altmann (February 18, 1916 – February 7, 2011) was a Jewish refugee from Nazi Austria to the United States. She was an art collector. Altmann's family owned five paintings painted by Gustav Klimt. They were stolen by Nazis during World War II. She was successful in getting back those five paintings, which included two portraits of her aunt, Adele Bloch-Bauer.

Altmann was born in Vienna, Austria. She died at age 94.

The movie "Woman in Gold" is based on Altmann's life.

Contour line

Contour lines or isolines are used when plotting a function. All the points where the function has the same value are connected. Two well-known examples, where such lines are commonly are height lines on topographical maps, and showing areas with the same pressure or temperature on weather charts. Contour lines are an application of level sets. 

Loleatta Holloway

Loleatta Holloway (November 5, 1946 – March 21, 2011) was an American singer. She was known mainly for disco songs, such as "Hit and Run" and "Love Sensation". 

Holloway was born in Chicago, Illinois. She died there from heart failure.

War on Drugs

The War on Drugs is what people call a government program in the United States. The program was, officially, to end drug use. It started in the early 1970s and the Reagan Administration gave it a lot of attention in the 1980s. The War on Drugs continued into the 1990s and 2000s. Presidents Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush supported it.

The War on Drugs led to the capture of many drug dealers and ended many drug dealers in the United States. The Drug Policy Alliance said that the United States had spent $51 billion every year on the War on Drugs.

The War on Drugs also lead to the creation of the saying "Just Say No" which was created by Ronald Reagan's wife and First Lady Nancy Reagan. It was created to prevent teenagers doing drugs. 

Level set

A level set of a function is the set of all the points where the function has a given value. This is a special application of a scalar field.

Cecil D. Andrus

Cecil Dale Andrus (August 25, 1931 – August 24, 2017) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was Governor of Idaho for 14 years. He was governor from 1971 to 1977 and again from 1987 to 1995. He was U.S. Secretary of the Interior from 1977 to 1981, during the Carter administration.

Andrus died on August 24, 2017 in Boise, from complications of lung cancer.


Sésamo

Plaza Sésamo is the Venezuelan version of the "Sesame Street" television show. It was first shown in Venezuela in 1972.

U. R. Ananthamurthy

Udupi Rajagopalacharya Ananthamurthy (; 21 December 1932 - 22 August 2014) was an Indian writer and critic. He wrote in the Kannada language. He was thought to be as one of the pioneers of the Navya movement. In 1998, he received the Padma Bhushan award from the Government of India. 

He was the Vice-Chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi University in Kerala during the late 1980s. He was one of the finalists of Man Booker International Prize for the year 2013. 

Ananthamurthy died of cardiac arrest caused by renal failure on 22 August 2014 in Bangalore, Karnataka, India, aged 81.

Commode

A commode is a special piece of furniture. The word comes form the French word and means "convenient". The commode developed from the chest. Commodes have drawers, so handling them is more convenient than handling a chest. Commodes have been in common usage since the 18th century.

Big Bag

Big Bag is a muppet and musical comedy television show from Jim Henson and Sesame Workshop It aired on the Cartoon Network between 1996-1998. Season 1 was released in 1996-1997 and season 2 was released in 1997-1998.

Trading Spouses

Trading Spouses: Meet Your New Mommy is a television show that aired in 2004-2007. Season 1 was released in 2004-2005, season 2 was released in 2005-2006, and season 3 was released in 2006-2007. Marguerite "God Warrior" Perrin (mother of Ashley Perrin and wife of Barry Perrin) (where she appeared in The Tyra Banks Show in 2006) (born 1961) appeared in this show.

Shake It Off (Taylor Swift song)

"Shake It Off" is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It is the first single from her fifth studio album, "1989". It premiered during a Yahoo! live stream on August 18, 2014. The song's music video was released was also released on the same day. The music video helped the song to debut at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was ranked number 13 in the year-end Hot 100 of 2014.

Pedicure

The pedicure is a way to improve the appearance of feet and nails. The word "pedicure" refers to superficial cosmetic treatment of the feet and toenails. Pedicures can help prevent nail disorders and nail problems. They are very popular, especially among women.

Pedicures are not only limited to the nails. Usually, dead skin cells on the bottoms of feet are rubbed off with pumice stones. 

People have been pedicuring nails for over four thousand years.

Bruce Boxleitner

Bruce William Boxleitner (born May 12, 1950) is an American actor and science fiction and suspense writer. He is known for his leading roles in the television series "How the West Was Won", "Bring 'Em Back Alive", "Scarecrow and Mrs. King" (with Kate Jackson), and "Babylon 5". 

He is also known for his dual role as the characters Alan Bradley and Tron in the 1982 Walt Disney Pictures movie "Tron", a role which he reprised in the 2010 sequel, "" and the animated series "".


Deborah Sussman

Deborah Evelyn Sussman (May 26, 1931 – August 20, 2014) was an American artist and designer. She was a discoverer in the field of environmental graphic design. Her work put graphic design into architectural and public spaces. She worked on many projects, most notably the architectural landscape of the 1984 Summer Olympics. She was awarded an AIGA medal in 2004.

Sussman was born in Brooklyn borough of New York City, New York. Her father was a skilled commercial artist.

Sussman died from breast cancer on August 20, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. She was 83.

Roscoe Arbuckle

Roscoe Conkling "Fatty" Arbuckle (March 24, 1887 – June 29, 1933) was an American silent movie actor, comedian, director, and screenwriter. He helped Charlie Chaplin become an actor. He discovered Buster Keaton and Bob Hope. 

Arbuckle was one of the most popular silent stars of the 1910s. He soon became one of the highest paid actors in Hollywood. He once signed a contract in 1921 with Paramount Pictures for US$1 million.

Arbuckle was accused of three counts of rape and for murdering actress Virginia Rappe. Arbuckle was later found not guilty and the jury gave Arbuckle a formal apology.

Arbuckle died in his sleep of a heart attack in 1933 at age 46.


Tom Snyder

Thomas James "Tom" Snyder (May 12, 1936 – July 29, 2007) was an American television personality, news anchor, and radio personality. He was best known for his late night talk shows "The Tomorrow Show" and "The Late Late Show". Snyder was also an anchor of the primetime "NBC News Update".

Snyder died of chronic lymphocytic leukemia in San Francisco, California, aged 71.


James Freeman Gilbert

J. Freeman Gilbert (August 9, 1931 – August 15, 2014) was an American geophysicist. He was best known for his work with George E. Backus on inverting geophysical data and also for his role in establishing an international network of long-period seismometers.

Gilbert was born in Vincennes, Indiana. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles.

Gilbert received many honors, including the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1981; the William Bowie Medal in 1999; and the Medal of the Seismological Society of America in 2004.

In his later years, Gilbert travelled throughout the world with his wife, Sally Gilbert. He died after being injured in a car accident in Southern Oregon on August 15, 2014. He was 83 years old.


Harry Fielding Reid

Harry Fielding Reid (May 18, 1859 – June 18, 1944) was an American geophysicist. He was known for his works to seismology, mostly in his theory of elastic rebound that was about faults to earthquakes.

Jason Momoa

Joseph Jason Namakaeha Momoa (born August 1, 1979) is an American actor, model, director, writer and producer. He played Ronon Dex in the television series "" and as Khal Drogo in the Home Box Office television series "Game of Thrones". His father is of Native Hawaiian descent, and his mother is of German, Irish and Native American descent.

He also starred in the movie "Conan the Barbarian". In 2014, he directed his first movie "Road to Paloma". Momoa played Duncan Idaho in Dune and Aquaman, one of the superheroes in "", "Justice League" and the 2018 movie of the same name.

Hillsboro, Texas

Hillsboro is a city in and the county seat of Hill County in Central Texas. The population was 8,221 at the 2020 census.


Gordon Faber

Gordon C. Faber (April 2, 1931 – August 18, 2014) was an American politician and businessman from the U.S. state of Oregon. He was born in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, he grew up in Hillsboro, Oregon.

He joined the U.S. Air Force during the Korean War and was a small business owner before becoming a real estate agent and entering politics. He served on Hillsboro's budget committee and city council before serving two terms as mayor from 1993 to 2001.

Faber died on August 18, 2014, at home in Hillsboro, Oregon at the age of 83 due to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Neil Goldschmidt

Neil Edward Goldschmidt (born June 16, 1940) is an American politician and businessman. He served as Governor of Oregon January 1987 through January 1991.

Goldschmidt also served as United States Secretary of Transportation under President Jimmy Carter from August 1979 through January 1981. He also served as Mayor of Portland, Oregon from January 1973 through January 1979.

He was a member of Democratic Party.

Goldschmidt was born in Eugene, Oregon.

In 2004, it was revealed that when Goldschmidt was mayor of Portland, he had repeatedly raped a 13 year old girl. It was also revealed the sexual abuse continued when he was governor. The entire abuse was covered up by officials who worked for Goldschmidt.


James H. Burnley IV

James Horace Burnley IV (born July 30, 1948) is an American politician and lawyer. He served as the United States Secretary of Transportation from 1987 until 1989. He served during the administration of President Ronald Reagan.


Rodney E. Slater

Rodney Earl Slater (born February 23, 1955) is an American politician. He was the United States Secretary of Transportation under U.S. President Bill Clinton. He is a member of the Democratic Party

Slater was born in Marianna, Arkansas.

Slater graduated from Eastern Michigan University in 1977, and received his Juris Doctor degree from the University of Arkansas School of Law in 1980.

After Clinton was elected president, 1993 Slater became the first African-American Director of the Federal Highway Administration.

In 1997, Slater was appointed to be the Secretary of Transportation. He was the second African American to hold that post.

Ray LaHood

Raymond H. "Ray" LaHood (born December 6, 1945) is an American politician. He served as United States Secretary of Transportation from 2009 until 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party. LaHood represented Illinois's 18th congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1995 to 2009.


The Game

"The Game" is a song by DragonForce. It is the second single and first track from the studio album Maximum Overload. The song has a music video released on June 18 2014 on YouTube. The song featured Matt Heafy.

John Sherman Cooper

John Sherman Cooper (August 23, 1901 – February 21, 1991) was an American politician, jurist, and diplomat from the U.S. state of Kentucky. He served three non-consecutive terms in the United States Senate before being elected to two full terms in 1960 and 1966.

He also served as U.S. Ambassador to India from 1955 to 1956 and U.S. Ambassador to East Germany from 1974 to 1976. He was the first Republican to be popularly elected to more than one term as a senator from Kentucky and, in both 1960 and 1966. He set records for the largest victory margin for a Kentucky senatorial candidate from either party.



Tom Poston

Thomas Gordon "Tom" Poston (October 17, 1921 – April 30, 2007) was an American television and movie actor. His career began during the 1950s. 

According to USA Today Life editor Dennis Moore, Poston appeared in more sitcoms than any other actor. In the 1980s, he played George Utley, opposite Bob Newhart's character on "Newhart" and Burt Sigurdson in "That '70s Show".

After a short illness, Poston died of respiratory failure on April 30, 2007, in Los Angeles, California at the age of 85.


Hillsborough, North Carolina

Hillsborough is a town and county seat of Orange County, North Carolina. The population was 9,660 in 2020.

Birgitta Stenberg

Birgitta Stenberg (26 April 1932 – 23 August 2014) was a Swedish author, translator and illustrator. She was the 2005 winner of the Selma Lagerlöf Prize.

Stenberg was born in Stockholm in 1932. She was educated in Visby and finally in Paris. She became a Swedish author, translator and illustrator. She lived in Åstol in Sweden. She has won the Swedish Selma Lagerlöf Prize for literature in 2005. 

Stenberg died from hepatic cancer (type of liver cancer) on 23 August 2014 in Tiveden, Sweden, aged 82.


Golam Mostofa (poet)

Golam Mostofa (Bengali: গোলাম মোস্তফা) (1897- 13 October 1964) was a writer and poet. Mostofa wrote the Tarana-E-Pakistan the anthem (official song) for the then country of East Pakistan. His country is now called Bangladesh. 

John S. Waugh

John Stewart Waugh (April 25, 1929 – August 22, 2014) was an American chemist and educator. He was an Institute Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He is known for making normal hamiltonian theory and using it to extend NMR spectroscopy, before only limited to liquids, to the solid state. In 1974, he was elected as a member in the Chemistry section of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS). In 1983, he was awarded Wolf Prize in Chemistry with Herbert S. Gutowsky and Harden M. McConnell.

Waugh was born in Willimantic, Connecticut. He was married to Susan and had two children.

Waugh died on August 22, 2014 in Lincoln, Massachusetts, aged 85.


Gremlins 2: The New Batch (video game)

Gremlins 2: The New Batch is a 1990 video game. This video game was based on the . It was developed for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) and Game Boy. In the NES game, the player controls the character Gizmo through various levels in a building. Gizmo has weapons. The goal is to reach the Gremlin Control Centre to kill all the gremlins inside.

Victor Chang

Victor Peter Chang (born Chang Yam Him; 21 November 1936 – 4 July 1991) was an Australian heart surgeon. He has been called a pioneer of modern heart transplantation. He also helped with the development of an artificial heart valve. He worked at St Vincent's Hospital with his team who had high success rates of heart transplants.

Chang was born in Shanghai to Australian-born Chinese parents. He first grew up in Hong Kong before moving to Sydney, New South Wales, in 1951. He studied and trained at the University of Sydney as well as in the United Kingdom and the United States. He was made a Companion of the Order of Australia in 1986. He was married to English-born Ann Simmons. The couple had three children.

Chang was murdered on 4 July 1991 in Mosman, Sydney. He was 54. He was shot in the head twice for turning down the efforts of extortion by two men. The men, Malaysians Chew Seng "Ah Sung" Liew and Choon Tee "Phillip" Lim, first ran their vehicle into Chang's car, making him pull over. After arguing, Chang was shot dead by Liew. The men both later spent time in jail.


Square One TV

Square One TV is an American children's television program. It was produced by the Children's Television Workshop. The purpose is to teach mathematics to young viewers. It was aired in 1987-1992 and 1995-1996, reran aired in 1992-1994 and 1999-2002. This series is rated TV-Y.

"Square One" features a variety of short events all with a mathematical theme, for example "Mathman", a parody of "Pac-Man"; "Mathnet", parody of "Dragnet", and "Late Afternoon with David Numberman", parody of "Late Night with David Letterman".

Ganesh Chaturthi

Ganesha Chaturthi is the 10 day-long Hindu festival held on the birthday of the Lord Ganesha. He is the son of Shiva and Parvati. It is celebrated all over India. The festival is held on shukla chaturthi in the Hindu month of Bhaadrapada and ends on Anant chaturdashi. For example in 2022 it will be celebrated on August 31th. It is celebrated widely in Maharashtra. On this occasion people make special ""modaks"" which are loved by Lord Ganesha. Lalbaug is a place that every year celebrates Ganesh Chaturthi on a large scale. 

There are Ganesha's form like Bal Ganesh, Lalbaugchya Raja, Siddhivinayak Maharaj, and Dhagru Sheth. The most popular ones are: and .

Ganesh Chaturthi is also called Vinayaka Chaturthi, it is a pure Hindu festival, during this festival people pray Lord Ganesha with great devotion. In this occasion people keep their clay idols privately in their homes, or publicly on big pandals (or temporary stages or altars).

It starts with Vedic hymns, prayers, vrata and hindu texts such as Ganesha Upanishad. Offerings of prasada after the prayer and distributing amongst the community people, prasad include sweets, modaka (it is believed to be the favourite sweet of ganesha). This festival starts on the fourth day of Hindu luni-solar calendar month Bhadrapada, which normally falls in the month of August or September. The Ganesha chaturthi ends on the tenth day. 

Celebrations include four stages of rituals:

Ganpati Visarjan. At this stage, the idol is immersed into the river, sea or ocean. He is believed to go back to Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati after the immersion.

Cat righting reflex

The cat righting reflex is a cat's natural ability to turn itself around as it falls so it will land on its feet. This righting reflex starts to happen at 3–4 weeks of age. The cat has entirely learned how to do this by 6–7 weeks. Cats are able to do this because they have a flexible backbone and a clavicle that does not move. The minimum height needed for this to happen safely in most cats is about 12 inches.

Cats without a tail can also do this. This is because a cat mostly moves its hind legs and does not use much angular momentum to set itself up for landing. So a tail is not really needed for this skill.

Using this righting reflex, cats can often land without injury. But, this is not always true, since cats can still break bones or die from extreme falls. 

In a 1987 study, written in the "Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association", 132 cats were looked at after having fallen from buildings. The injuries per cat were more, depending on the height fallen; up to seven stories high. Above seven stories, the injuries were less. The study authors think that after falling five stories, the cats reached terminal velocity. At that time, the cats relaxed and spread their bodies to increase drag.

First, cats decide which is up or down, by looking to see or by using senses in the inner ear. Then, cats manage to twist themselves to face downward, without ever changing their angular momentum. They do this in these steps:
If the cat is not flexible enough (able to bend easily), it may need to do steps two and three again in order to completely right itself.

Besides this righting reflex, cats have body features that help keep them safe in a fall. Their small size, light bones, and thick fur decrease their terminal velocity. Also, once righted they may also spread out their body to increase drag and slow how fast they are falling. They also relax as they fall, which protects them some when they land.



Lauren Nelson

Lauren Nelson (born November 26, 1986) is an American beauty queen from Lawton, Oklahoma. She was Miss America 2007. Before that, she was Miss Oklahoma 2006.

Buttered cat paradox

The buttered cat paradox is a popular joke based on putting two adages (sayings) together to make them funny:


The paradox happens when one asks this question: What would happen if one attached a piece of buttered toast (butter side up) to the back of a cat, then dropped the cat from a large height?

In reality, cats can turn themselves right side up in mid-air if they should fall upside-down. This is named the cat righting reflex. This reflex lets them land on their feet if dropped from high enough up (about ). Toast, not being alive, does not have the ability to turn itself over. Nor does it want to, since it cannot think.

Toast usually lands on the floor butter-side-down. This is because of how it is dropped from a table. As the toast falls from the table, it rotates or turns. Using the average speed of rotation for a slice of toast as it falls from the table and the usual height of a table, a slice of toast that began butter-side-up on the table will land butter-side-down on the floor 81% of the time. This is because the buttered side is heavier. When an object has a heavy and light side, in most cases it will fall heavy side first.

Domestic cats usually weigh between . A regular slice of bread weighs only one ounce and a pat of butter about one fourth ounce. So attaching a very small piece of toast with butter to a much larger cat would hardly have any effect on how the cat would move.


Annefleur Kalvenhaar

Annefleur Kalvenhaar (10 June 1994 – 23 August 2014) was a Dutch cyclist and mountain biker. She won the European Cyclo-cross Championships in 2013. She began her career at the age of 13. She participated for the first time in a World Cup in 2012. In Houffalize and La Bresse she finished second place in the top 10. She was born in Wierden, Netherlands.

Kalvenhaar died in Grenoble, France due to an accident during a XCE race in Meribel, France, aged 20.

Wierden

Wierden is a municipality and town in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 25,000 were living there in 2021. It lies in Twente region.


Treadmill

A treadmill is a device for walking or running, while staying in the same place. Before there was steam power, such treadmills were used to power machines. That way, the work of animals or people could be used in the machines. Such treadmills were also used as a form of punishment in prisons.

Chapelle royale de Dreux

The Royal Chapel of Dreux () is the traditional resting place for members of the royal House of Orléans. It is located in the town of Dreux in France. 

The land on which the chapel was built on was owned by the Duke of Penthièvre, whose daughter Marie Adélaïde married the Duke of Orléans in 1769. Following the death of the Duke of Penthièvre his daughter inherited a majority of his vast estates including the land of Dreux. The Orléans family later used the chapel there as their own personal burial place following the reign of Louis Philippe I.

Colombiana

Colombiana is a 2011 French crime drama action movie set in Bogotá and Chicago. Zoe Saldana plays Cataleya, a hired killer whose parents are murdered when she is a child, so she seeks revenge. Cliff Curtis plays Emilio.

This movie got mixed reviews from critics. It made almost $61 million.

Louis Philippe I

Louis Philippe I (6 October 1773 — 26 August 1850) nicknamed the Citizen King (French: "le Roi Citoyen") was King of the French from 1830 until he was forced to abdicate following the French Revolution in 1848. As Louis Philippe III, he was also the Duke of Orléans from 1793 to 1830 where he passed that title to his son, Philippe which became the title of the heirs to the French throne rather than going back to the traditional, Dauphin of France.

Throughout his reign, Louis brought peace, stability, and prosperity to France. He started France's colonialism over the world. He conquered Algeria and Tunisia which increased France's territory, army, and navy. He also ordered the completion of the Arc de Triomphe. This increased his popularity.

However, in 1848, his popularity declined because he opposed parlimentarism and that he always wanted to rule as an absolute monarch. He also started to support the rich people and care less about the poor. This broke off the French Revolution of 1848. Since there were already two major revolutions and that Louis did not want another French Revolution, he abdicated the throne and fled the country. He travelled to the UK and moved into the Claremont House in Surrey and lived there under the name "Mr Smith" until his death due to dysentery on 26 October 1850 at the age of 77.

He started France's colonialism in Africa and North America. His conquest of Algeria, Tunisia, and North America greatly made France more powerful.

Louis had some of the qualities of being a good king. He greatly expanded France. He also made France more modern. He built the Arc de Triomphe, the Luxor Obelisk in the Place de la Concorde and the July Column in the Place de la Bastille.

Born at the Palais Royal in Paris he was named Louis Philippe d'Orléans, Louis Philippe in honour of his father. His parents were the Duke and Duchess of Orléans. One of the most senior members of the French royal court. He was born a Prince of the blood which entitled him to be addressed as "His Serene Highness". From birth he was given the title of Duke of Valois one of his fathers subsidiary titles. He was the eldest of four children born to the duke and duchess. He was a member of the House of Orléans, itself a cadet branch of the ruling House of Bourbon. The two branches were both directly descended from Louis XIV and were often in competition with one another. 

His education was carried out by Madame de Genlis who was later his fathers mistress. It was she who instilled a fairly liberal attitude within the young prince. When Louis Philippe's grandfather died in 1785, his father succeeded him as Duke of Orléans and Louis Philippe succeeded his father as Duke of Chartres.

His parents had a strained marriage the Duke was famous for his many extramarital affairs and his wife just quietly accepted his infidelity. She was a notoriously religious woman who relished watching her children grow up. Louis Philippe was the eldest of four children born to the couple. Louis Philippe was very close to his brother, the younger Duke of Montpensier. 

In 1792 he joined the French army and went to fight in Austria. But in April 1793 he deserted. He could not return to France so he found work as a teacher in Switzerland. He then went to live in Sweden. After that he lived in the United States and finally he moved to England.

After the abdication of Napoleon in 1814, Louis Philippe returned to France. King Louis XVIII gave him back his Orléans estates.
In 1808, proposed to Princess Elizabeth, daughter of King George III of the United Kingdom. His Catholicism and the opposition of her mother Queen Charlotte meant the princess reluctantly declined the offer.

In 1809, Louis Philippe married Princess Maria Amalia of Naples and Sicily, daughter of King Ferdinand IV of Naples and Maria Carolina of Austria. They had ten children. Maria Amalia was also a niece of the late Queen Marie Antoinette.

He died on August 26, 1850 in Claremont, Surrey, England.


When king of the French he made his children and descendants legally able to bear the title of Prince/ss of Orléans. With the style of "Royal Highness".


 

Mineral Point, Wisconsin

Mineral Point is a city in Iowa County, Wisconsin, United States. The city is located within the Town of Mineral Point. Mineral Point is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area. This is Wisconsin's third oldest city. Mineral Point was settled in 1827. The population was 2,487 at the 2010 census.


Stanley Motor Carriage Company

The Stanley Motor Carriage Company was an American manufacturer of steam-engine cars. The company was founded in 1898 and incorporated in 1901. The cars made by the company were called Stanley Steamers. They were produced from 1896 to 1924. In the early 1900s steam was used to power locomotives, steamships, even sewing machines. It seemed natural that steam could power cars. Of all the steam driven cars made in the early 20th century, the Stanley Steamer was the best-known and most popular. Today Stanley Steamers are rare automobiles and hard to find outside of museums and a few car collections.

Twins Francis E. Stanley and Freelan O. Stanley were the co-inventors of the Stanley Steamer automobile. Freelan was a teacher and high school principal. Francis was also a teacher, but left teaching in 1874 to become a photographer. In 1885 they both left their jobs and started a company to make photographic plates for photographers. they sold their shop four years later when they moved to Watertown, Massachusetts. They started another photographic plate business, but sold it to Eastman Kodak in 1904. The brothers had become interested in making cars and wanted to do that full time.

Many inventors were working on making cars during this time. The Stanley brothers built their first two cars as a hobby. In 1898 they brought their cars to the first Auto show in the US held in Boston. Cars from the US and Europe were on exhibition. There was also an outdoor competition. Their Stanley Steamers were faster and could climb hills much better than other cars. No gasoline engined car could climb the 15% grade. A Whitney steam car nearly climbed the 20% grade. The Stanley steamer easily climbed the 30% grade.

With the money from the sale of their company to Eastman Kodak, they began making steam cars. In 1899, they produced and sold over 200 cars, more than any other U.S. maker. In 1899, Freelan and his wife Flora drove one of these cars to the top of Mount Washington in New Hampshire, the highest peak in the northeastern United States. The ascent took more than two hours and was notable as being the first time a car had climbed the long Mount Washington Carriage Road; the descent was accomplished by putting the engine in low gear and using the car's brakes. The twins later sold the rights to this early design to Locomobile, and in 1902 they formed the Stanley Motor Carriage Company.

Stanley licensed their designs to several other motor car companies. The White Motor Company was one who used the Stanley design and continued to produce steam cars until 1912. Stanley was the last manufacturer of steam powered cars. As the internal combustion engine designs improved, steam and electric cars lost much of their popularity. The numbers of cars sold went down to less than 600 a year in 1918. That year the Stanley brothers sold the company to Prescott Warren, a Chicago businessman. Francis Stanley died in an automobile accident later the same year (1918). His brother Freelan opened a hotel in Colorado called The Stanley Hotel. He lived to be 91 years old. Stanley Steamers were made until 1924.

Early Stanley cars had bodies made of wood. The bodies were attached to steel frames by leaf springs. Later bodies were made of aluminum. A Kerosene burner heated a drum-shaped boiler. The boiler stored steam. The driver controlled the steam going to the engine by a throttle. There was no need for a transmission. Starting a Stanley in the morning would wake everyone who lived nearby. It sounded like a steam locomotive, hissing and chugging. It was very hard to steal a Stanley Steamer. It took 20 minutes to gather enough steam before it could move. Once it was moving it seemed to have unlimited power. An early Stanley Steamer was capable of 75 miles per hour. In 1906 a Stanley Steamer broke the land speed record at 127 miles per hour in Florida. To operate a Stanley Steamer, the driver had to watch a number of gauges. There were 13 handles, pumps and valves to adjust. They carried only a small amount of water due to its weight. The car could only go about 40 miles before it had to add water. The kerosene burner was known to cause fires. The easier to operate gasoline powered internal combustion engine caused the steam car to become obsolete.



Arthur Penn

Arthur Hiller Penn (September 27, 1922 – September 28, 2010) was an American director and producer for movies and television. He directed many movies that got high marks in the 1960s, such as "The Chase" and "Bonnie and Clyde".
He returned to stage and television producing and directing in the 1990s.

Penn was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He died in New York City at age 88 from congestive heart failure.

Paweł Huelle

Paweł Marek Huelle (10 September 1957 – 27 November 2023) was a Polish author, critic, journalist and university lecturer. He was born in Gdańsk, Poland.

Huelle studied philology (language) at Gdańsk University. After that, he was the press secretary for Solidarity (Solidarnosc). He also taught various subjects at schools in Gdansk at the same time. Later he worked as the director of the Gdańsk Polish Television Center.

His first novel was "Weiser Dawidek". It was published in 1987. It made him famous in Poland. It is about five young friends in Gdańsk. Polish literary critics called it a masterpiece and the most important Polish literary work of the decade. "Once one begins reading Weiser Dawidek, the book can hardly be put down. Like "Opowiadania", it is written with undeniably great talent." Huelle was the Polish winner of the Samuel-Bogumil-Linde-Preis for 2005.

Most of Huelle's stories are set in Gdańsk. He says that city is "full of all kinds of ghosts. I'm not saying it's beautiful or wonderful in any way – but it's strange." Huelle has also published several short stories

He died in Gdańsk aged 66 on 27 November 2023.



Revere, Massachusetts

Revere is a city in Suffolk County, Massachusetts, near downtown Boston. It is named after Paul Revere, an American Revolutionary War patriot. At 2020 United States Census, 62,186 people lived in Revere. 

Buster Posey

Gerald Dempsey "Buster" Posey III (born March 27, 1987) is an American professional baseball catcher and first baseman for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball. He stands and weighs . He bats and throws right-handed.

Posey grew up in Leesburg, Georgia. He played four sports in high school; when playing baseball, he was very good at hitting and pitching. He attended Florida State University, where he began playing the catcher position. 

He won the Golden Spikes Award in 2008 and was selected by the Giants with the fifth overall pick in the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft. Posey made his major league start on September 11, 2009. After beginning the 2010 season in the minor leagues, he was called back up to the major leagues in May. He played first base when he came up, but became the Giants' regular catcher at the end of June.


Steven R. Nagel

Steven Ray Nagel (October 27, 1946 – August 21, 2014), (Col, USAF), was an American astronaut, aeronautical and mechanical engineer, test pilot and a United States Air Force pilot. Nagel became a NASA astronaut in August 1979. Nagel retired from the Air Force February 28, 1995 and as an astronaut one month later.

Nagel died on August 21, 2014 of cancer.


Dara Singh

Dara Singh (19 November 1928 – 12 July 2012) was an Indian wrestler and actor. He started acting in 1952. He was the first sportsman to be nominated to the Rajya Sabha. He worked as Hindi and Punjabi movie producer, director and writer. He acted on movie and television. He was known for his roles in "Jab We Met" (2007), "Kal Ho Naa Ho" (2003) and "Mera Naam Joker" (1972).

Singh died on 12 July 2012 at his home in Mumbai, India from cardiac arrest, aged 83.


Deaths in January 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in January 2014.



Deaths in February 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in February 2014.




Deaths in August 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in August 2014. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".




Sydney Roosters

The Sydney Roosters are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales. They were founded in 1908. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won 15 premierships, most recently in 2019.

The Sydney Roosters are the only club to take part in every season of top-flight rugby league competition in Australia.

Deaths in March 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in March 2014.




Deaths in April 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in April 2014.



Deaths in May 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in May 2014.




Deaths in June 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in June 2014.




Penrith Panthers

The Penrith Panthers are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Penrith, western Sydney, New South Wales. They were founded in 1966. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won five premierships, most recently in 2023.

Deaths in July 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in July 2014.




Canberra Raiders

The Canberra Raiders are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in the nation's capital city of Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. They were founded in 1981. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won three premierships, most recently in 1994.

South Sydney Rabbitohs

The South Sydney Rabbitohs are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Redfern, south-central Sydney, New South Wales. They were founded in 1908. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won 21 premierships (the most of any other team), most recently in 2014.

Albert Ebossé Bodjongo

Albert Dominique Ebossé Bodjongo Dika (6 October 1989 – 23 August 2014) was a Cameroonian soccer player who played for JS Kabylie in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.

On 23 August 2014 Albert was struck by a projectile thrown by a fan just hours after a matchup between his home team JS Kabylie and USM Alger. The match had ended in a 2-1 defeat and the Cameroonian died of head injury due to the strike. He was aged 24. On 18 December 2014, more results were released after his death. The results said that Bodjongo could have died from a beating instead.

Hajo Meyer

Hajo Meyer (12 August 1924 – 23 August 2014) was a German-Dutch physicist and Jewish political activist.
He was born in Bielefeld. In 1938, Meyer escaped from Nazi Germany to the Netherlands alone, without his parents. He went into hiding in 1943, but was arrested after a year and spent ten months in Auschwitz. His parents, who were deported from Germany. They did not survive.
After the war, Meyer returned to the Netherlands, and studied theoretical physics. He started working for Philips and eventually became director of the Philips Physics Laboratory (NatLab). After his retirement he took courses in England and worked as a builder of new violins and violas.

On 23 August 2014, Meyer died in his sleep at the age of 90 in The Hague, Netherlands.

United Party of Canada

The United Party of Canada was a political party in Canada. It was a centrist party. It supported education for everyone at the college and trade school levels. It also said that we should make energy from renewable sources, instead of making it from things that go away forever.

Western Block Party

The Western Block Party (or WBP) was a conservative political party in Canada. It wanted Western Canada to become independent from the rest of Canada. It was founded in 2005. It first ran candidates in the 2006 federal elections. The party's current leader is Paul St. Laurent.

The WBP was not affiliated with some other independent parties in western Canada, such as the Alberta First Party and the Western Independence Party of Saskatchewan.


Northwestern Ontario

Northwestern Ontario is a region in the Canadian province of Ontario. It covers most of subartic Ontario. It includes the districts of Kenora, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay.

Sometimes, Northwestern Ontario is grouped with Northeastern Ontario as Northern Ontario.

Northeastern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario is a region in the Canadian province of Ontario. It includes the districts of Algoma, Sudbury, Cochrane, Timiskaming, Nipissing, and Manitoulin. Parry Sound District and District Municipality of Muskoka are sometimes included in Northeastern Ontario, although they are usually included in Central Ontario.

Northeastern Ontario is sometimes included with Northwestern Ontario as Northern Ontario. One difference between the two parts is that Northeastern Ontario has a large Franco-Ontarian population. Almost 25 percent of Northeastern Ontario's population speaks French as a first language.

Dove Cameron

Dove Olivia Cameron (born Chloe Celeste Hosterman; January 15, 1996), is an American actress. She is known for playing the title characters in the Disney Channel original series "Liv and Maddie". She also starred in the Disney Channel original movie "Cloud 9" as Kayla Morgan.

Chloe Celeste Hosterman was born in Seattle, Washington on January 15, 1996 as Chloe Celeste Hosterman to Philip Alan Hosterman and Bonnie Wallace. She has one older sister, Claire Hosterman, who was born in 1989. At the age of eight, she began acting in community theater. When Cameron was fourteen she moved to Los Angeles, where she sang in Burbank High School's National Championship Show Choir.

Since 2013, Cameron has starred in the dual lead role of Liv and Maddie in the Disney Channel original series "Liv and Maddie". The preview of the show was on . The show premiered on . The pilot episode gained 5.8. It was the most-watched in Total Viewers in two and a half years – since November 7, 2010 ("Shake It Up!"). In the episode "Twin-A-Rooney", Liv shows Maddie a clip from the "Sing It Loud!" finale. In the finale, Liv's character sings a cover of "On Top of the World" by Imagine Dragons. A full version of the song was recorded by Cameron. The song was released by Disney as a single on August 27, 2013. She also starred in Cloud 9 with Luke Benward. Cloud 9 premiered on January 17, 2014. Cameron also starred as Mal in Descendants 1, 2 and 3 along side Sofia Carson, Cameron Boyce and Booboo Stewart. 

Cameron stated that she was bullied through her entire school experience. This experience started in 5th grade to the end of high school. Despite the pressure at school and fitting in, she still stayed focused on her dreams of becoming successful in entertainment. "I became very passionate about [becoming an actress and singer]. I fully immured myself". Dove's father died, when she was just fifteen. She struggled to cope, but knew her father would want her to continue to accomplish her goals. He often said that being a parent was the best thing that ever happened to him, and that the favorite years of his life was raising his girls. Cameron was engaged to "Liv & Maddie" co-star Ryan McCartan, who plays Diggie, since August 9, 2013. Due to personal differences, the pair ended their engagement. Since the split, Cameron fell for her Descendants co-star Thomas Doherty (Harry Hook). They were together for 3 years until they split in October 2020.


Voice-tracking

Voice-tracking is a technique used by some radio stations in radio broadcasting to make an illusion of a live disc jockey or announcer sitting in the studios of the radio station when one is actually not in the station.

Voice-tracking refers to the process of a disc jockey prerecording the parts when they speak on the radio. It is then mixed with songs, commercials and other elements to make it sound like a live air shift. Voice-tracking is mostly used in radio stations, especially during the night, overnight, weekend, and holiday time periods. Most radio stations also use it as a way to save money instead of having disc jockeys around the clock.

Sometimes, voice-tracking is done so that people can do other jobs. For example, a DJ may also have a job as a program director or general manager. Voice-tracking allows that person to record a three-hour shift in less than a half-hour, leaving him or her time to do office work. A popular live weekday morning radio host can record parts for a Saturday show, allowing him or her to be on the air six days a week without spending more time at the station. It is also helpful during holidays such as Christmas or Easter, when people are off spending time with their families.

Different radio stations want their DJs to speak only at certain times. Here is an example:





As an example, see the picture below:<br>
As one song ends, the next song begins. At this point, the DJ doesn't start talking until the second song starts and he stops at the point where the song's vocals start.

James Hinchcliffe

James Hinchcliffe is a Canadian racecar driver. He drives in the IndyCar Series. He was born on December 5, 1986 in Oakville, Ontario, a suburb of Toronto. Hinchcliffe is known for his media personality as well as his racing. He has become a very popular driver. Hinchcliffe named his website "Hinchtown" and he is the town's "mayor".

Hinchcliffe started in IndyCar in 2011. He drove for the Newman/Haas team. He won rookie of the year. Later, his team stopped racing in IndyCar and he had to find a new team. For 2012, he was hired by Andretti Autosport. A year later he had a very successful year. He won three races in St. Petersburg, Brazil, and Iowa. He continued driving for Andretti. In 2015, Hinchcliffe joined Schmidt Peterson Motorsports and replaced Simon Pagenaud. During Monday practice before the 2015 Indianapolis 500, Hinchcliffe suffered serious injuries in a crash.


Liv and Maddie

Liv and Maddie, titled Liv and Maddie: Cali Style in its fourth season, is an American teen sitcom. It was created by John D. Beck and Ron Hart. It originally aired on Disney Channel from July 19, 2013 to March 24, 2017. The show stars Dove Cameron in a dual role as identical twin sisters. They have completely different personalities and are best friends. Liv is an actress. She has come back to her home after living in Hollywood for four years. She was the star of a popular television show called "Sing It Loud!". Maddie is a basketball prodigy. The show is about Liv having to get used to normal family life again after production on "Sing It Loud!" ended. It is also about the two sisters being best friends despite their different personalities and different interests. The show also stars Joey Bragg, Tenzing Norgay Trainor, Kali Rocha, and Benjamin King. The characters they play are Joey Rooney, Parker Rooney, Karen Rooney, and Pete Rooney. Joey and Parker are Liv and Maddie's younger brothers. Karen and Pete are their mother and father. In the last season of the show, Lauren Lindsey Donzis joined the cast. She played Liv and Maddie's younger cousin Ruby. Ruby becomes their "sorta-sister". Her character replaced Pete. Pete was not in any of the episodes of the fourth season.

After finishing a four-year stint in Hollywood filming a popular television show called "Sing It Loud!", actress Liv Rooney returns to her birthplace of Stevens Point, Wisconsin to the open arms of her family, despite being offered more roles in other shows and movies. Liv decided to come home because she missed her family and wanted to see them again. She is happily reunited with her identical twin sister Maddie. Maddie is her best friend. Liv is a girly girl. She enjoys anytime someone mentions her former career. Maddie is a tomboy with a talent for basketball. She is the captain of her school's basketball team. The twins have two younger brothers. They are Joey and Parker. Joey is a typical awkward teen. He is one year younger than the twins. Parker is a clever tween. He has a mischievous personality. Parker is the youngest child of the Rooney family. Their father Pete is the coach for Maddie's basketball team. He eventually achieves his dream of becoming the coach of a college team in Beloit, Wisconsin. Their mother Karen is the school psychologist and later vice principal starting in the second season.

In the first three seasons, most events take place at either Ridgewood High, the high school that Liv, Maddie, Joey, and later Parker, due to being a child prodigy, all attend, or the Rooney residence. At the end of the third season, the Rooney house collapses due to a series of tunnels created by Parker and Maddie is accepted into a college in Los Angeles, California. This prompts the rest of the Rooneys, except Pete who remains in Wisconsin to continue his coaching job, to move to Malibu, California, to take up residence with Karen's younger sister Dena and her daughter Ruby, where the show's forth season takes place. In the last episode of the series, all the Rooneys part ways. Liv is invited to perform in a musical called "Double Duchess" on Broadway, Maddie is given a grant to build tiny houses for the homeless in New Orleans, Joey is invited to go on a comedy tour with Jim Breuer, and Parker is invited to go with his friend Val to a biodome in the salt flats of Salar de Uyuni, Bolivia to study life on Mars.

A big part of the show are documentary-style cutaways where major characters and the supporting characters talk to the viewers to explain various things and their opinions on the situations in which they are featured in each episode. In the last episode, it is revealed that the cutaways are part of a reality series that airs in Luxembourg called "Bits and Pieces". This is a reference to the working title of "Liv and Maddie".

<onlyinclude> </onlyinclude>



In the spring of 2012, Oops Doughnuts Productions had shopped the script of a project called "Bits and Pieces". It was about a blended family similar to shows like "The Brady Bunch" and "Step by Step". The show followed Jodie Sullenger (Kali Rocha), mother of Alanna (Dove Cameron) and Sticky (Joey Bragg). Sullenger married Pete Fickman (Benjamin King), father of Crystal (Cozi Zuehlsdorff) and Brody (Tenzing Norgay Trainor). All six have to get used to life under the same roof. Eventually, Disney chose to change the concept of "Bits and Pieces" into one about a pair of twins. Now titled "Liv and Maddie", the show began production in April 2013.

The show was produced under a joint venture between Beck & Hart Productions, Oops Doughnuts Productions, and It's a Laugh Productions. The show's creators, John D. Beck and Ron Hart, are a production-writing team. Their credits include "According to Jim", "Hey Arnold!", and "Shake It Up!". They also served as executive producers alongside Andy Fickman. Fickman was the only director who participated in all four seasons of the show. He directed 20 of the 21 episodes of the first season. He also directed four episodes of the second season, two of the third season, and four of the fourth season.

On January 13, 2014, Disney Channel renewed "Liv and Maddie" for a 13-episode second season. The second season was later expanded to 24 episodes. The first season ended on July 27, 2014. The season season premiered on September 21, 2014. On April 3, 2015, the show was renewed for a third season by Disney Channel. The second season ended on August 23, 2015. The third season premiered on September 13, 2015. On December 21, 2015, Dove Cameron stated that Disney Channel was picking up "Liv and Maddie" for a fourth season. On June 19, 2016, series co-creator Ron Hart announced on Twitter that the fourth season would premiere in fall 2016. On July 1, 2016, Dove Cameron stated that they had filmed the series' final episode. On August 19, 2016, it was announced by the show's creators, John D. Beck and Ron Hart, that the last season would be called "Liv and Maddie: Cali Style". The third season ended on June 19, 2016. The fourth season premiered on September 23, 2016. The show ended on March 24, 2017.

Casting took place during the spring of 2012; however, only a pilot episode was made. Instead of hiring a new cast, production chose to keep those whom they had already hired and make a completely new pilot. The story now focused on Dove Cameron playing dual roles with the same parents and brothers. Lead billing for Cozi Zuehlsdorff was later dropped to guest star. The family name of "Rooney" was picked because of Sullenger's enjoyment of the Pittsburgh Steelers, a team owned by the Rooney family.

A full version of the "Liv and Maddie" theme song, "Better in Stereo", was recorded by Dove Cameron. It was released as a promotional single by Walt Disney Records on October 15, 2013. A music video was made. The music video aired on Disney Channel on the night of October 29, 2013. The song was featured twice in the show. The first time was in the last episode of season three, "Californi-A-Rooney". The second time was an acoustic version sung by Cameron. This was at the very end of the last episode of the show, "End-A-Rooney".

In the pilot episode, "Twin-A-Rooney", Liv shows Maddie a clip from the "Sing It Loud!" finale. In it, Liv's character, Stephanie Einstein, sings a cover of On Top of the World by Imagine Dragons. A full version of the song was recorded by Cameron. It was released as a promotional single by Walt Disney Records on August 27, 2013.

In "Fa-La-La-A-Rooney", Liv performs the classic "Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!" during the Steven's Point Holiday Spectacular. A full version of the song was recorded by Cameron. It was included on Holidays Unwrapped, a holiday album released by Walt Disney Records on October 15, 2013.

In "Song-A-Rooney", Liv performs "FroyoYOLO". It goes viral, but Liv hates it. In the same episode, Liv performs "Count Me In". A full version of "Count Me In" was recorded by Cameron. It was released as a promotional single by Walt Disney Records on June 3, 2014.

In "New Year's Eve-A-Rooney", Liv performs "You, Me and the Beat". A full version of the song was recorded by Cameron. It was released as a promotional single by Walt Disney Records on December 2, 2014.

In "Rate-A-Rooney", Liv uploads "What a Girl Is". Two versions were created, The first was the one shown in the show. The other, which included Christina Grimmie and Baby Kaely, was eventually recorded. Both versions are included in the "Liv and Maddie" soundtrack. The second version was released on iTunes on March 5, 2015. The original version was released on March 17, 2015. On March 17, 2015, the "Liv and Maddie" soundtrack was released. The soundtrack includes "Better in Stereo", "On Top of the World", "FroyoYOLO", "Count Me In", "You, Me and the Beat", and both versions of "What a Girl Is". The soundtrack also includes "Say Hey", "As Long As I Have You", and "True Love". There were two versions of "True Love": Ballad, which would be sung by Jordan Fisher, and a piano duet featuring Jordan Fisher and Dove Cameron. With the announcement of the soundtrack on March 5, 2015, the singles for those songs, except FroyoYOLO, were discontinued and are no longer available.

In "Prom-A-Rooney", Liv performs "True Love" at the school prom. Like she did with the other songs, Cameron recorded a full version of the song. It was released as part of the "Liv and Maddie" soundtrack on March 17, 2015.

In "Band-A-Rooney", Liv's band, "The Dream", performs "Say Hey" at the Battle of the Bands. A full version was recorded by Cameron. It had the band member's actor doing the chorus. The song was released as part of the "Liv and Maddie" soundtrack on March 17, 2015.

In "Video-A-Rooney", Liv's band performs "As Long As I Have You". Cameron recorded a full version. It was released as part of the "Liv and Maddie" soundtrack on March 17, 2015. The song was the last song from the soundtrack that was played in the show.

In "SPARF-A-Rooney", Andy Grammer performs "Honey, I'm Good". This is one of the few songs in "Liv and Maddie" that was not part of the soundtrack.

In "Sing It Louder!!-A-Rooney", Liv and Ruby perform "One Second Chance" on the set of "Sing It Louder!!" The song was recorded by Cameron and Lauren Lindsey Donzis. It was released as a promotional single by Walt Disney Records on November 4, 2016.

In "Falcon-A-Rooney", "The Power of Two" is performed again by Liv and Ruby for "Sing It Louder!!". Like the previous song in season four, Dove Cameron and Lauren Lindsey Donzis recorded a full version of the song. It was released on January 20, 2017.

In "Sing It Live!!-A-Rooney", Liv sings "My Destiny" for the special episode of "Sing It Louder!!". Again, a full version of the song was recorded by Cameron. It was released as a promotional single on March 3, 2017.

"Liv and Maddie" aired on Disney Channel in the United States and Family Channel in Canada. The pilot episode aired as a preview on July 19, 2013. It followed the premiere of the Disney Channel Original Movie "Teen Beach Movie". The first promo for the show was seen on June 28, 2013. It followed the premiere of "Disney's Mickey Mouse Shorts". The show officially premiered in the United States on September 15, 2013. It premiered in Canada on September 20, 2013. The show stopped airing in Canada on Family Channel on September 1, 2015. It started airing on Disney Channel on September 5, 2015. La Chaîne Disney in French Canada premiered the episode "Home Run-A-Rooney" on March 24, 2016. This was 17 days before the American and Canadian airing of the episode on April 10, 2016. In the UK and Ireland, the show aired as a preview on October 7, 2013. It later premiered on November 8, 2013. In Australia and New Zealand, the show premiered on October 11, 2013. The second season premiered on January 8, 2015. The third season premiered on December 2, 2015. The show premiered in Southeast Asia on January 10, 2014. In the Balkans, Greece, the Middle East, and Africa, the show premiered on March 8, 2014. The second season premiered on February 7, 2015. In India, the show premiered on October 30, 2017 on Disney International HD.

Emily Ashby of Common Sense Media gave the show's quality a rating of three out of five stars. She described it as a "jovial family sitcom". She said it can be watched by children ages seven and above. Ashby said that the show has a "comical spin" on common family issues like sibling rivalry. She said that it is a "worry-free pick for kids." Neil Genzlinger of "The New York Times" compared the show to "The Patty Duke Show". She described it as "a gentle, moderately amusing comedy". She also said that Cameron does a good job playing both main characters. She said that "the premise gives the writers plenty of opportunities."

Brand marketing promotion for "Liv and Maddie" still continues strongly. ACCO Brands, under the Day Dream brand, features a 2015 wall calendar and Disney D'Signed clothing line from selected retailers Target and Kohl's. Wooky Entertainment owns Style Me Up, a creative fashion brand for tween girls. This features "Liv and Maddie: Dreams Come True" and "Liv and Maddie: A Rising Star" sketchbooks. Footwear retailer Payless ShoeSource makes "Liv and Maddie"-themed character footwear based on the show.

A novelization of the show, titled "Liv and Maddie: Sisters Forever", was published by Disney Press on January 6, 2015. The junior novel is based on the episodes "Twin-A-Rooney" and "Team-A-Rooney". It alternates between the view points of Liv, Maddie, Joey, and Parker. The junior novel features eight pages of photos from the show. It was adapted by Lexi Ryals. Another novelization of the show, titled "Liv and Maddie: Double Trouble", was published by Disney Press on August 4, 2015. It is based on the episodes "Sweet-16-A-Rooney" and "Dodge-A-Rooney". Like the first novel, "Double Trouble" features eight pages of photos from the show and was adapted by Lexi Ryals. Also like the first novel, "Double Trouble" alternates between the view points of Liv, Maddie, Joey, and Parker.


1941 Florida hurricane

The 1941 Florida hurricane was a strong tropical cyclone in October 1941. It affected the Bahamas and the southeastern United States This storm's winds were at . The hurricane hit southern Florida first. After that, it went across the Florida Panhandle.

At least ten people were killed by the storm.

Time Warner Cable

Time Warner Cable was an American cable and telecommunications company. The company served almost 30 states. It was the second-largest cable company behind Comcast.

They offered Cable television and Internet services.

Time Warner Cable was founded in 1973. It wasbought by Charter Communications in May 2016.

Golden Spikes Award

The Golden Spikes Award is given out every year to the best beginning baseball player in the United States. The award, created by USA Baseball and sponsored by the Major League Baseball Players Association, was first presented in 1978. It is given to a beginning player who best exhibits and combines "exceptional on-field ability and excellent sportsmanship." The award is considered the most important in beginning baseball.

Jindřich Pokorný

Jindřich Pokorný (12 April 1927 – 23 August 2014) was a Czech translator (mainly French and German), editor and writer. He translated also in Italian, Latin and Flemish.

He was known for his translation of "Rostand's Cyrano de Bergerac". Along with the literary historian Frederick Fučík, they wrote a book explaining the origins and meanings of the various sayings and proverbs called "Buried dog".

In 2009 he published a book "Parsifal".

Jaume Vallcorba Plana

Jaume (or Santiago) Vallcorba Plana (21 September 1949 – 23 August 2014) was a Spanish philologist and publisher. He published many studies on aesthetics and literature.

He was born in Tarragona, Spain. He was a professor in Literature at the University of Bordeaux, the University of Lleida, the University of Barcelona and the Pompeu Fabra University (Barcelona) but he left university teaching in 2004.


In Your House 9: International Incident

In Your House 9: International Incident was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on July 21, 1996 at General Motors Place in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was the ninth pay-per-view to be held under the WWF's In Your House name.

Dan Magill

Daniel Hamilton "Dan" Magill, Jr. (January 25, 1921 – August 23, 2014) was an American tennis player and coach. His worked as a Sports Information Director, a Head Tennis Coach, and a Georgia Bulldog Club secretary for the University of Georgia.

Magill was born in Athens, Georgia. He was a U.S. Marine during World War II. He was married to Rosemary Reynaud had three children; Ham, Sharon, and Mollie.

Magill died from natural causes on August 23, 2014 in Athens, Georgia. He was 93.

Glam metal

Glam metal (also known as hair metal, sleaze metal and pop metal) is a hard rock/heavy metal subgenre. It combines punk rock with pop music. It became popular in the 1970s and 1980s. But it became less popular in the 1990s. This was because grunge music was getting more popular. 
Some bands of this genre include: 


Magi (manga)

Alibaba Saluja is the main character of "Magi." He is a “King Vessel”, a special human that was chosen by a Magi. He is a young man that wants to capture the dungeon in Qishan. After finding his life changing friend Aladdin, he uses this opportunity after watching Aladdin’s genie in action to go together and capture the dungeon. 
Aladdin is a main character of "Magi." He is a “Magi”, a special magician who chooses kings. He is a strange boy who is a traveler and has a flute that has a djinn, or a genie that can be summoned upon blowing on it, along with a magical carpet which he can use to fly.
Morgiana is the heroine of "Magi." She is a part of Alibaba’s household, gaining some powers from the djinn Amon, which Alibaba has captured. She is a former slave that was tortured, but saved by Alibaba and Aladdin.
Sinbad is the main character of the spin off series "Adventure of Sinbad" and a special man. He is a first class singularity that captured seven dungeons meaning he has seven djinns.


Marcel Rigout

Marcel Rigout (10 May 1928 – 23 August 2014) was a French politician. He served as the Minister of Vocational Training from 1981 to 1984, under former President François Mitterrand. He was a member of the French Communist Party (PCF; ).

Rigout was born in Verneuil-sur-Vienne. He wrote the novel "L'autre chance" in 1983.

Rigout died on 23 August 2014 in Limoges, aged 86.

Black box (disambiguation)

Black box has these meanings:



Ahti Pekkala

Ahti Antti Johannes Pekkala (20 December 1924 – 23 August 2014) was a Finnish politician for the Centre Party. He served as a deputy speaker of the parliament from 1976 to 1978 and as the speaker from 1978 to 1979. He also served as the Governor of Oulu Province from 1986 until 1991.

Pekkala was born in Haapavesi. Before politics, he was a banker and the manager of a bank from 1952 until 1985.

Pekkala died on 23 August 2014 in Haapavesi, aged 89.


Philippine de Rothschild

Philippine Mathilde Camille de Rothschild (22 November 1933 – 23 August 2014), also known as Philippine Pascale, was a French winemaker and baroness. She was the owner of the French winery Château Mouton Rothschild. She was the only daughter of the vintner Baron Philippe de Rothschild, a member of the Rothschild banking dynasty. In 2013, she was given a lifetime achievement award by the Institute of Masters of Wine.

Rothschild was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, Paris. She was married twice and had three children; Camille, Philippe and Julien. She was made an Officier of the Legion of Honour () in 2007.

Rothschild died on 23 August 2014 in Boulogne-Billancourt, Paris, aged 80.


Gold Coast Titans

The Gold Coast Titans are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based on the Gold Coast in Queensland. They were founded in 2007. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have not won any premierships.

North Queensland Cowboys

The North Queensland Cowboys are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Townsville, Queensland. They were founded in 1992. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won one premiership in 2015 against the Brisbane Broncos.

Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs

The Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Belmore, Sydney, New South Wales. They were founded in 1934. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won eight premierships, most recently in 2004.

Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks

The Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Cronulla, southern Sydney, New South Wales. They were founded in 1963. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won one premiership in 2016 against the Melbourne Storm.

Black box

A black box, in science and engineering, is a box whose inside working is not known.

It is a device, system or object with input and output. There is no knowledge of its internal workings. The way it works is "opaque" (black). Almost anything might be referred to as a black box: a transistor, an algorithm, or the human brain.

Ashby expains that the term arose when a decision had to be made about opening an engineering box. The question was whether to return the box for repair, or just scrap it. Could this be decided without opening the box? There can be many reasons why a complex system cannot be repaired in the field, and even opening up some systems is a big deal. The question also comes up in surgery on brain damage patients. The more that can be discovered before operating, the better.

The opposite of a black box is a system where the inner components or logic can be seen. It is sometimes known as a clear box, a glass box, or a white box.

Newcastle Knights

The Newcastle Knights are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Newcastle, New South Wales. They were founded in 1988. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won two premierships, most recently in 2001.

Parramatta Eels

The Parramatta Eels are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Parramatta, Sydney, New South Wales. They were founded in 1946. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won four premierships, most recently in 1986.

St George Illawarra Dragons

The St George Illawarra Dragons are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in St George region of Sydney and the Illawarra region of New South Wales. They were founded in 1998. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won one premiership in 2010 against the Sydney Roosters.

Melbourne Storm

The Melbourne Storm are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Melbourne, Victoria. They were founded in 1997. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won four premierships, most recently in 2020. The Melbourne Storm had another two premierships (2007 and 2009) stripped in 2010 due to a breach of the salary cap.

Manly Warringah Sea Eagles

The Manly Warringah Sea Eagles is an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based on the Northern Beaches of Sydney, New South Wales. They were founded in 1946. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won eight premierships, most recently in 2011.

Manly Sea Eagles have won 8 Grand Finals:

Their home ground is Brookvale Oval, which is affectionately known by locals as "Fortress Brookie".


Wests Tigers

The Wests Tigers are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in the Inner West of Sydney, New South Wales. They were founded in 1999. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won one premiership in 2005 against the North Queensland Cowboys.

New Zealand Warriors

The New Zealand Warriors are a New Zealand professional rugby league team. The team is based in Auckland, New Zealand. They were founded in 1995. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have not won any premierships. They are the only non-Australian team in the NRL.

Ferdinand Philippe, Duke of Orléans

Prince Ferdinand Philippe of Orléans, Duke of Orléans (Ferdinand Philippe Louis Charles Henri Joseph; 3 September 1810 – 13 July 1842) was the eldest son of Louis Philippe d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans and future King Louis Philippe I. Born in exile in his mother's native Sicily, he was their heir to the House of Orléans from birth. Following his father's succession as King of the French in 1830, he became the "Prince Royal" and subsequently Duke of Orléans (French: "duc d'Orléans"), the title by which he is best known. Dying in 1842, he never succeeded his father nor saw the collapse of the "July Monarchy" and subsequent exile of his family to England.

He was named after his two grandfathers King Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies and Philippe Égalité. He was born in Palermo and given the title of Duke of Chartres. He was also a prince of the blood at the French royal court of Versailles. This gave him the style of "Serene Highness". His father was banned from attending court at Versailles due to his liberal views. Prince did not attend either. He instead remained at his father's court at their Parisian residence the Palais Royal. 

His father became King of the French in 1830. This made the prince the heir to the title of Duke of Orléans and heir to the throne. From that time the heir to the French throne was to be known as the Duke of Orléans. His father also declared his descendants through the male line were entitled to use the style of "Royal Highness". They also used the title (a title in its own right) of Prince of Orléans. The prince became known as His Royal Highness, Prince Ferdinand Philippe of Orléans, Duke of Orléans. His sons were also entitled to the same style and title.

There were plans for him to marry his cousin, Louise Marie Thérèse d'Artois. But the plans never materialised. There were also negotiations for the young prince to marry an Austrian Archduchess as well as a Russian grand duchess. But the plans again never materialised as the new monarchy in France was seen as fragile and not expected to survive. Instead the choice came in the form of Duchess Helene of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. She was a member of a minor ducal family native to Germany. The couple eventually married on 30 May 1837. This gave her the style of Royal Highness and made her one of the first princesses of Orléans by marriage. The couple eventually had two sons and had a very happy marriage.



Superposition principle

In physics, the superposition principle states that if there are two or more stimuli at a given point in time, the response will be the result of adding all the responses. This only applies to linear systems. Since many systems can be modelled as linear systems, the principle has many applications in physics and engineering.

Superposition principle: The principle states that the total force on a given charge is the vector of the individual forces exerted on the given charge by all other charges. Each individual force between any two charges is calculated from Coulomb's law tattoos and is not affected by the presence of other charges
Ángel Di Maria

Ángel Fabián Di María (; born 14 February 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a right winger or attacking midfielder for Primeira Liga club Benfica and the Argentina national team. He can play as either a winger or attacking midfielder.

After beginning his career with Rosario Central, Di María moved to Europe in 2007 to play for Benfica of the Portuguese Primeira Liga. He made a €25 million move to Real Madrid three years later, in 2010. After winning the UEFA Champions League with Real Madrid in 2014, he signed for Manchester United in summer 2014 for a national record £59.7 million. 
In summer 2015, he signed a 4 year contract with Paris Saint-Germain for €63 million.

A full international for Argentina since 2008, Di María has earned over 50 caps for his country. He scored the goal that gave Argentina first place at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, and has also represented them at two World Cups and the 2011 Copa América, 2015 Copa América, and the 2016 Copa América Centenario.

Benfica

Real Madrid

Paris Saint-Germain

Argentina U20

Argentina Olympic

Argentina

Individual

Interdisciplinarity

Interdisciplinarity is when two or more subjects (academic disciplines) join up. This happens when a problem overlaps traditional academic boundaries. Other terms which mean almost the same thing are multidisciplinarity and crossdisciplinarity.

An examples makes clear what is meant:


Other examples include artificial intelligence, cultural studies, cybernetics, computational linguistics, biomedical engineering, and so on. Physical chemistry, biochemistry and astrophysics must have been some of the first.

In many universities, traditional departments (e.g. botany, zoology) were scrapped, and new broader departments like 'School of biological sciences' were formed. Inside this umbrella, research and teaching teams were based on interdisciplinary problems, such as ecology or cell division or Earth history. There are some necessary specialities which do not fit easily into the new system. Examples are taxonomy (you still need people to identify animals) and areas like parasitology and agricultural botany. 

A system which works in some universities is to appoint staff to the Schools (usually Humanities, Science. Social sciences and Technology) and let the staff join those groups which best fit their expertise.


Watertown, Massachusetts

Watertown is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the greater Boston area. The population was 35,329 at the 2020 census. 

The area of Watertown was inhabited for thousands of years before the arrival of settlers from England. The tribes of the Pequossette and the Nonantum, had settlements on what is now called the Charles River. The Pequossette built a fishing to trap herring. This was at the site of the current Watertown Dam. Every year the alewife and blueback herring swim upstream from their adult home in the sea. this is to spawn in the fresh water where they came from.

The first settlement of Watertown was at the Saltonstall Plantation in 1630. This was one of the earliest of the Massachusetts Bay settlements. It was begun by a group of settlers led by Richard Saltonstall and the Rev. George Phillips. It was officially incorporated that same year. The alternate spelling "Waterton" is seen in some early documents.

The first buildings were on land that is now in the city of Cambridge. It was known as Gerry's Landing. For its first quarter century Watertown ranked next to Boston in population and area. Since then its city limits have been greatly reduced.

The Stanley Brothers built the first of their steam-powered cars, called Stanley Steamers, in Watertown in 1897.


Czechoslovak Television

Czechoslovak Television (ČST) was a television network. It was the main broadcaster of Czechoslovakia. It closed in 1993 because Czechoslovakia became two new countries, Czech Republic and Slovakia.

In the Czech language, it was called "Československá televize."

In the Slovak language, it was called" Československá televízia "until 1990. In 1990, they changed the Slovak name to "Česko-slovenská televízia".

Czechoslovak Television started on 1st May 1953. It was just one television programme, which was a few hours long.

Czechoslovak Television was heavily censored by the communist government. In 1968, the government allowed Czechoslovak Television to mention the Prague Spring protests for a few days. However, in 1969, the government started to censor ČST heavily again.

On May 10, 1970, Czechoslovak Television made a second television channel, "ČST TV2".

On May 9, 1973, Czechoslovak Television started to show television programmes in colour on ČST" "TV2. Two years later, they started colour television programmes on the first channel too.

In 1979, a studio was opened in the Kavci mountains, which became the home of Czechoslovak Television's news department.

In November 1989, Czechoslovak Television renamed the first channel "F1", with the "<nowiki>'F' </nowiki>"meaning the "federal district" of Czechoslovakia. The second channel was replaced by two new channels: ČTV, which was in the Czech language and S1, which was in the Slovak language.

They also created a new third channel in Czech on 14 May 1990, called "OK3", using technology which used to broadcast Soviet television. Another new third channel was created in Slovak and called" TA 3," on 6 June 1991.

During the Velvet Revolution, when protests occurred in Czechoslovakia, the people who worked at Czechoslovak Television helped the protesters to spread their messages.

Czechoslovakia became two new countries, the Czech Republic and Slovakia on the 31st December 1992. This split is known as the "<nowiki>'Velvet Divorce'</nowiki>". Because of it, Czechoslovak Television was no longer needed. In the Czech Republic, a new television network called Czech television took over, and in Slovakia Slovenská televízia was created.


Keiji Mutoh

He is credited as one of the first Japanese wrestlers to gain a fan base outside of his native Japan in the United States. His Great Muta gimmick is one of the most influential gimmicks in puroresu. He is one of three wrestlers to hold the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, the AJPW Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship and the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. Mutoh is an eight-time World Champion, having held the NWA World Title once, the IWGP Title four times, and AJPW's Triple Crown three times. He also has held a dozen World Tag Team Championships in the U.S. and Japan. Between NJPW, AJPW, and World Championship Wrestling (WCW), Mutoh has held 21 total championships.

Mutoh is also known for competing in what is generally considered to be the bloodiest professional wrestling match of all time against Hiroshi Hase, which lead to the creation of the "Muta Scale".

He is the founder of Wrestle-1 (W-1) and is the current owner of the promotion. He also wrestles for it semi-regularly, and also makes occasional special appearances for the American promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as part of a TNA/W-1 talent exchange partnership.




Antônio Ermírio de Moraes

Antônio Ermírio de Moraes (June 4, 1928 – August 24, 2014) was a Brazilian businessman. He was the chairman of the Votorantim Group; one of the country's largest companies, specialized in metals, paper, cement and frozen orange juice. He was the grandfather of IndyCar Series driver Mario Moraes. He ran for governor of São Paulo State in 1986, but lost the elections.

De Moraes died in São Paulo, Brazil from heart failure, aged 86.

Larry Kramer

Larry Kramer (June 25, 1935 – May 27, 2020) was an American screenwriter, film producer, playwright, author, and public health and LGBT rights activist. He began his career rewriting scripts while working for Columbia Pictures. There he wrote the screenplay for the 1969 film "Women in Love". He earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay for his work.

Kramer was openly gay. In 1988, he was diagnosed with hepatitis B and HIV. He had a liver transplant in 2001.

His brother was lawyer Arthur Kramer (1927–2008).

Kramer died of pneumonia in New York City on May 27, 2020. He was 84.

Gandhi (movie)

Gandhi is a 1982 British and Indian biographical movie based on the life of Indian activist Mohandas Gandhi. It is directed and produced by Richard Attenborough. It was written by John Briley and some of it by Steven Spielberg. The music was composed by Ravi Shankar. The cinematography was by Billy Williams.

It stars Ben Kingsley as Gandhi. Other cast members include John Mills, John Gielgud, Trevor Howard, Daniel Day-Lewis, Richard Griffiths, Martin Sheen, Nigel Hawthorne, Shane Rimmer, Athol Fugard, John Ratzenberger, Bernard Hill, Shriram Lagoo, Terrence Hardiman, Tom Alter and Om Puri with Alyque Padamsee. 

It was released on 30 November 1982 in India, on 2 December 1982 in the United Kingdom, and on 6 December 1982 in the United States. It raised $52,767,889 at the box office. It had a budget of $13 million. 

The movie was nominated for eleven Academy Award, winning eight. It won Best Picture, Best Actor, and Best Director. It also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture and the BAFTA Award for Best Picture.

Attenborough said that the movie was his dream project. 


Sheila Sim

Sheila Beryl Grant Attenborough, Lady Attenborough (5 June 1922 – 19 January 2016), known professionally by her maiden name Sheila Sim, was an English movie and stage actress. She was known for being the widow of the actor and director Richard Attenborough. She was a long-time funder of the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Arts. She was born in Liverpool, Lancashire.

Sim died after a two-year battle with dementia at a retirement home in London, England on 19 January 2016 at the age of 93.



Columbus, Wisconsin

Columbus is a city in Columbia and Dodge counties in Wisconsin. It is in the south-central part of Wisconsin. The population was 4,991 at the 2010 census.

Leonid Stadnyk

Leonid Stepanovych Stadnyk (; 5 August 1970 – 24 August 2014) was a Ukrainian farmer. He stood at 8 feet 5 inches or 2.57 meters. He was born in Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, USSR. Stadnyk was listed as the world's tallest living man according to Guinness World Records. 

Stadnyk died at the age of 44 on August 24, 2014 from a brain hemorrhage.


Battering ram

A battering ram is a siege engine used in the past. It was used to break open the stone walls of castles or splinter their wooden gates.

In its simplest form, a battering ram is just a large, heavy log carried by several people and banged against an obstacle. The ram damages the target if the big log hit the target again and again. Later rams were covered in the log with an arrow-proof, fire-resistant canopy mounted on wheels. Inside the canopy, the log was swung from chains or ropes.
Rams were great weapons of war against old fashioned wall-building materials such as stone and brick. These walls were weak in tension: they cracked when struck with sufficient force. With many blows, the cracks would grow steadily until a hole was created. Eventually, a breach would appear in the fabric of the wall. It would cause armed attackers to force their way through the gap.

The introduction in the later Middle Ages (around 1400s) of siege cannons causes the end of battering rams and other traditional siege weapons. Much smaller, hand-held versions of battering rams are still used today, however, by law enforcement officers and military personnel to bash open locked doors.

Barry Dickins

Barry Dickins (born 1949) is an Australian artist and writer of books and plays.

He was born in Reservoir, which is part of Melbourne. He left school early and worked in a factory. Later he painted sets and backgrounds for television programs. His first play, "Ghosts", was performed in 1974 at La Mama Theatre. He has written many more plays. His play "Remember Ronald Ryan" won the 1995 Victorian Premier's Literary Award. He has also written short stories, biography, other non-fiction and children's books. Barry is known to use many 'half rhymes' in his work.

Drama

Stories

Non fiction

Children's books


Hashim Khan

Hashim Khan ( – 18 August 2014) was a Pakistani squash player. He won the British Open Squash Championships (BOSC) a total of seven times, from 1951 to 1956, and then again in 1958. During the 1950s, the BOSC was the "de facto" squash world championship. The movie based on Khan's life "" was released in 2009 and was directed by Josh Easdon.

Khan was born in Nawakille, a small village near Peshawar, British Raj (now Pakistan). He family were Pashtuns. During the 1960s, he moved to the United States and lived in Denver, Colorado. He had twelve children.

Khan died from congestive heart failure on 18 August 2014 in Aurora, Colorado. There are many disputes of his exact age but he is believed to have been at least 100.


Zugzwang

Zugzwang is a chess term. It means a situation where any move by a player will weaken the player's position. The fact that the player is compelled to move means that their position will become significantly weaker.

For example...

1. ... Kd7 and White cannot win:

2. c6+ Kc7

3. Kc5 Kc8

4. Kd6 Kd8 (opposing the king)

5. c7+ Kc8

6. Kc6 is stalemate


But if it is White to play in the original position, he can win by zugzwang:

1. Kc6! and now Black must move his king, for example

1... Kd8

3. Kb7 and queens the pawn.

There are positions where either player to move will lose.

On the following diagram, Whichever king moves, he loses his pawn and the opponent will win the game.

The concept of zugzwang was known in the old forms of chess, like shatranj. We know this because there are some Arabic chess problems which use the idea.

The term itself comes from the 19th century in a German chess magazine. Its first use in English was in the early 20th century.

Zwischenzug

In chess, zwischenzug (German for "intermediate move") is a common tactic that occurs in almost every game: instead of countering a direct threat, which the opponent expects, a move is played which poses an even more devastating threat, often an attack against the queen or the king. The opponent has to counter that threat first, and this will ideally change the situation to his disadvantage.
Borisenkov-Mezenev (diagram, Black to play), went 1... f2, threatening to queen, which White countered with 2. Rg8, intending 3. Rf8+. But White resigned after the zwischenzug 2... Bb1! which allows Black to queen (3. Kb1 f1Q+ or 3. Rf8+ Bf5).

Alfredo Martini

Alfredo Martini (18 February 1921 – 25 August 2014) was an Italian cyclist and coach. He won a stage in the 1950 Giro d'Italia. He was a professional cyclist from 1941 until 1957. He was later the coach of the Italian national cycling team from 1975 until 1997.

Martini was born in Florence. He retired from coaching in 1997.

Martini died from natural causes on 25 August 2014 in Sesto Fiorentino, aged 93.


Inga Juuso

Inga Juuso (5 October 1945 – 23 August 2014) was a Sami singer and actress from Norway. She appeared and performed in the movie "The Kautokeino Rebellion" (2008). She was known from her own band performances in the genres of jazz and joik. She did recordings and collabs with many Norwegian musicians like Håkon Mjåset Johansen and Jørn Øien.

Juuso was born in Mosjøen. She was a Sámi woman, an ethnic group indigenous to Scandinavia. She was awarded the title of Spellemannprisen in 2011.

Juuso died after a long illness on 23 August 2014, aged 69.

Tom Pevsner

Thomas "Tom" Pevsner (2 October 1926 – 19 August 2014) was a British assistant movie director and producer. His career lasted from 1953 until 1995. His best known movies were "The Ladykillers" (1955), "The Longest Day" (1962) and "The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes" (1970) and "Dracula" (1979). He also worked on a 
number of "James Bond" movies between 1981 and 1995.

Pevsner was born in Dresden, Saxony. His father was the scholar Nikolaus Pevsner. Because they were of Jewish descent the Pevsner family fled to the United Kingdom in 1933.

Pevsner died on 19 August 2014 in London, aged 87.

Tumbleweed (band)

Tumbleweed is an Australian rock group formed in 1990 in Tarrawanna. Three of their studio albums appeared on the ARIA Albums Chart: "Tumbleweed" (No. 48, 13 December 1992), "Galactaphonic" (No. 6, May 1995), and "Return to Earth" (No. 11, 1 September 1996). Three releases reached the top 50 on the related ARIA Singles Chart: "Sundial (Maryjane)" (1993), "Gyroscope" (1994), and "Hang Around" (1995). 

They supported United States grunge group, Nirvana, on their January 1992 tour of Australia, and reached the mainstream with their crunchy-psychedelia style. They also supported tours by Rollins Band (June 1994) and Monster Magnet (February to March 1996).


Ramón Echarren Istúriz

Ramón Echarren Istúriz (November 13, 1929 – August 25, 2014) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop.

Istúriz ordained to the priesthood in 1958. Istúriz was appointed titular bishop of 'Diano' and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madrid, Spain, in 1969. 

In 1978, he was appointed bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Canarias and retired in 2005.

Quentin Crisp

Quentin Crisp (born Denis Charles Pratt, 25 December 1908 – 21 November 1999) was an English writer and actor.

Denis Charles Pratt was born in Sutton, Surrey. He was an openly gay man who was very camp. He changed his name to Quentin Crisp after leaving home to move to London when he was 21. He was a male prostitute for about six months. In 1942, he started doing life modelling for art students. He wrote about his life, including The Naked Civil Servant. In 1981 he moved to Manhattan. Crisp died of a heart attack in Manchester, where he was due to give a speech.

Tak province

Tak () is one of the northern provinces ("changwat") of Thailand. As of 2013, 532,353 people live there, and it has an area of 16,406.6 km². The Governor is Charoenrit Sa-nguansat.

Tak's neighbouring provinces are (clockwise from north) Mae Hong Son, Chiang Mai, Lamphun, Lampang, Sukhothai, Kamphaeng Phet, Nakhon Sawan, Uthai Thani and Kanchanaburi. The western edge of Tak borders Kayin State of Myanmar.

The highest temperature in Thailand, happened in April 2023: 45.7 degrees Celsius.

Tak has 9 districts ("amphoe"), 63 subdistricts ("tambon") and 493 villages ("muban").

Ukraine Today

Ukraine Today is a satellite television channel from Ukraine. It broadcasts in English. In the future it will broadcast in Russian. It is owned by 1+1 Media Group. The channel's headquarters is in Kyiv.

Ukraine Today began on the 14th August 2014, live on YouTube and the Eutelsat Hotbird satellite. It showed a testcard and words telling people how to receive the channel. On Independence Day in Ukraine, the 24th August, the channel launch officially, and began to show news.

Ukraine Today says that it focuses on Ukrainian current affairs, EU expansion, Russia's relations with Europe and America, and the difficulties of building a country in the 21st century.

Ukraine Today started broadcasting with a "Euronews"-style, with no presenters or studio, just videos of the news. Once more staff are employed, Ukraine Today will become a more traditional channel with a studio and presenters.


Christian Bourquin

Christian Bourquin (; 7 October 1954 – 26 August 2014) was a French politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party. He has been the president of the Regional Council of Languedoc-Roussillon from 2010 until his death in 2014. He served as Mayor of Millas from 1995 through 2001. He was born at Saint-Féliu-d'Amont, Pyrenees-Orientales.

Bourquin died in Montpellier, Hérault, France, aged 59.


Jason Wingreen

Jason Wingreen (October 9, 1920 – December 25, 2015) was an American actor. Wingreen is best known for his role as Harry Snowden on the television sitcom "All in the Family" and its continuation series, "Archie Bunker's Place". He was also known for making the voice of Boba Fett in the 1997 Star Wars movie "The Empire Strikes Back".

Wingreen died on December 25, 2015 in Los Angeles, aged 95.

Carl Vinson

Carl Vinson (November 18, 1883 – June 1, 1981) was an American politician. He served as a Representative from Georgia. He was a Democrat. He was the first person to serve for more than 50 years in the United States House of Representatives. He was known as "The Father of the Two-Ocean Navy".


Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Quebec

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Quebec is a Catholic archdiocese in the province of Quebec, Canada. It was started in 1658 as an Apostolic vicariate. Pope Clement X made it a diocese in 1674. At the time, the diocese covered all of New France. Starting in 1817, parts of the diocese were split off into new dioceses. In 1819, it became an archdiocese.

The Archdiocese of Quebec is the ecclesiastical provincial for three other dioceses in Quebec: Chicoutimi, Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière, and Trois-Rivières.

The current archbishop of Quebec is Gérald Lacroix, who was appointed in 2011.

SouthWest Cyclops

The SouthWest Cyclops is a professional indoor lacrosse team that plays in Hagersville, Ontario. It is part of the Canadian Lacrosse League. It plays its home games in the Iroquois Lacrosse Arena.

The team was started in 2011 in Bampton as the Inferno. In 2014, it moved to Hagersville and renamed itself the Southwest Cyclops.

Dean of the United States House of Representatives

The Dean of the United States House of Representatives is the representative that has been in office the longest. The current Dean is Hal Rogers, a Republican from Kentucky. He has served in the House since March 6th, 1973. The Dean is a symbolic job whose only customary duty is to swear in a Speaker of the House when he or she is elected. The Dean comes forward on the House Floor to administer (give) the oath to the Speaker-elect. The new Speaker then administers the oath to the other members. The Dean does not preside over the election of the Speaker, unlike the Father of the House in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom and the Dean of the Canadian House of Commons.

Because of other privileges associated with seniority, the Dean is usually given some of the most desirable office space. The Dean is generally either chair or ranking minority member of an influential committee. Unlike the office of President pro tem, the Dean of the House of Representatives is not an official position.

Years as Dean are followed by name, party, state, and start of service in Congress.

All the members of the First Congress had equal seniority (as defined for the purpose of this article). But Muhlenberg as the Speaker was the first member to be sworn in. Muhlenberg, Hartley and Thatcher were among the 13 members who attended the initial meeting of the House on March 4, 1789.

In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries some state delegations to the House were often not elected until after the term had begun. To avoid confusion, this fact is ignored in the list below.


Jamie Whitten

Jamie Lloyd Whitten (April 18, 1910September 9, 1995) was an American politician. He served as a United States Representative from Mississippi. He was the second-longest serving U.S. Representative ever and the fifth longest serving U.S. member of Congress ever.


Roman Catholic Diocese of Calgary

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Calgary is a Catholic diocese in the province of Alberta, Canada. It covers the Calgary Region, southern Alberta, and part of the Alberta's Rockies region. It is a suffragan diocese of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton.

There are 82 parishes and missions in the diocese. The diocese's cathedral is St. Mary's Cathedral, in Calgary. The current bishop is Frederick Henry, who was appointed in 1998.

Calgary Region

The Calgary Region is a region of Canada that includes the area around the city of Calgary, Alberta, Canada. It includes the city of Calgary, Rocky View County, and Municipal District of Foothills No. 31.

The region is a major transportation hub for southern Alberta, Saskatchewan, eastern British Columbia, and parts of the northern United States. The Calgary International Airport is in the Calgary region.

In 1999, fifteen municipalities in the region formed the Calgary Regional Partnership to coordinate regional growth and planning issues.

Regina Cyclone

The Regina Cyclone is another name for the tornado that hit Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada on the 30th of June, 1912. It killed 28 people, making it the deadliest Canadian tornado and left about 2,500 people homeless. Starting around 4:50pm, forming 18 kilometres south of the city. The tornado moved 12 kilometres north before vanishing. The Regina Cyclone was rumored to be 150 metres wide. The tornado was estimated to have been an F4 on the Fujita scale, and it was strong enough to cause 4.5 million dollars in damage to the area.


Linear system

In mathematics and systems theory, a linear system is one that can be described with linear mappings alone. Most systems found in nature don't have this property, they are called "non-linear".

Orchard

An orchard is where trees or shrubs that produce food are grown. Fruit, nuts, and vegetables are grown in orchards. They are grown to be sold. Orchards are sometimes a part of large gardens. They are put there to look nice and to produce food.

Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare

Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person shooter video game. It was developed by Sledgehammer Games. It is published by Activision and Square Enix for Japan. "Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare" was released on November 3, 2014, for people who pre-ordered the game and wish to have "Day Zero Access". It was released on November 4, 2014, for others. The game was released on the Xbox One, PS4, PC, Xbox 360 and PS3. This is the first Call of Duty game that wasn't released on Nintendo systems since .

"Call of Duty Advanced Warfare" will have changes in gameplay. One change is the Exo-Skeleton suit. It gives powers such as Boost Sliding, Dodging, Jumping, and so on. Weapons in multiplayer can be earned through supply drops or by ranking up. The gameplay is very similar to "Black Ops 2".

The campaign will have an upgradable Exo-Skeleton suit. It can be upgraded with upgrade points. Whenever you complete an exo challenge (getting 500 kills, headshots, etc.), you earn one upgrade point.

In 2054, a terrorist group named the KVA makes a worldwide attack. It destroys nuclear reactors of countries, like the United States. Many countries' military and governments including electricity and technology were broken. That keeps the countries from being able to fight the attack made by the KVA. Private militaries have become the new attackers on the enemy. Jack Mitchell (Troy Baker) is a former U.S. Marine. He lost his left arm during a battle in South Korea. He joins Atlas, the world's most powerful private military with the biggest technologies on the planet.

Shortly after Sledgehammer Games stopped helping Infinity Ward to finish Modern Warfare 3, Sledgehammer Games started working on Advanced Warfare.

Grow light

A grow light or plant light is an artificial light source, generally an electric light. It is designed to make plant growth faster by creating an electromagnetic spectrum. It is like photosynthesis. Grow lights are used in areas where there is either no naturally occurring light. 

John Ehrlichman

John Daniel Ehrlichman (March 20, 1925 – February 14, 1999) was an American civil servant and criminal. He worked as counsel and Assistant to the President for Domestic Affairs under President Richard Nixon.

He was an important person in events leading to the Watergate scandal. He was convicted of conspiracy, obstruction of justice and perjury. He served a year and a half in prison for his crimes.

Ehrlichman died in Atlanta, Georgia from diabetes after refusing to receive any more dialysis treatments. He was 73 years old.


Chūsei Sone

Sone died on August 26, 2014 in Usuki, Ōita from pneumonia, aged 76.

James Lawson

James Morris Lawson, Jr. (born September 22, 1928) is an American activist and university professor. He was a leading peaceful activist within the Civil Rights Movement. During the 1960s, he served as a mentor to the Nashville Student Movement and the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee.


The Last Poets

The Last Poets is the name for several groups of poets and musicians who came out of the late 1960s African-American civil rights movement's black nationalist movement. The name is taken from a poem by the South African revolutionary poet Keorapetse Kgositsile. The Original Last Poets were formed on May 19, 1968 at Marcus Garvey Park in East Harlem. Their first album "The Last Poets" was released in 1970.

Elmo Williams

James Elmo Williams (April 30, 1913 – November 25, 2015) was an American movie editor, producer, director, and television executive. He is best known for his work on the movie "High Noon" (1952). For "High Noon", he won the Academy Award for Film Editing. In 2006, he published the memoir "Elmo Williams: A Hollywood Memoir". He has got many achievements for his movie editing work.

Williams was born in Lone Wolf, Oklahoma. In 1940, he married Lorraine Williams. She died in August 2004. They adopted two daughters and a son. He turned 100 in April 2013. He died on November 25, 2015 in Brookings, Oregon at the age of 102.

Valeri Petrov

Valeri Nisim Mevorah (; 22 April 1920 – 27 August 2014), better known as Valeri Petrov (), was a Bulgarian poet, screenwriter, playwright and translator. He was active between 1945 and the 1990s. He wrote the screenplay for a movie called "Yo Ho Ho" in 1981. It was made into a movie again in 2006, called "The Fall" .

Petrov was born in Sofia. His father was Jewish. During World War II, Bulgaria was (for a time) pro-Nazi so he used his non-Jewish mother's surname. He graduated in medicine from Sofia University in 1944. He was politically a leftist and socialist. Between 1947 and 1950, to continue his writing career he worked as a press and cultural attache and traveled to Rome, Italy. He also went to the United States, Switzerland and France.

He was a member of the Bulgarian parliament.

Petrov died from a stroke on 27 August 2014 in Sofia, aged 94.


Sunda Islands

The Sunda Islands are part of the Malay archipelago. They are divided into the Greater Sunda Islands and the Lesser Sunda Islands. Sumatra, Java, Borneo and Sulawesi make up the Greater Sunda Islands. The Lesser Sunda Islands consist of many smaller islands. Today, the Sunda Islands are divided between Indonesia, Malaysia, Brunei and East Timor. The Wallace Line also runs through the Sunda Islands. It is the biological division between the Australian fauna and flora, and that of Southeast Asia.

Francis Edgar Stanley

Francis Edgar Stanley (1849 – 1918), was an American inventor, photographer and manufacturer. He and his twin brother Freelan Oscar Stanley invented and manufactured the Stanley Steamer car. They were pioneers in the use of steam engines to power cars.

Francis E. Stanley and his twin Freelan O. Stanley were born on 1 June 1849 in Kingsfield, Maine. Their parents were Solomon and Apphia (French) Stanley. Solomon Stanley was both a farmer and a teacher. He and his brother graduated from Farmington State Normal School in Farmington, Maine. The school is now the University of Maine at Farmington. Francis became a teacher, and taught at New Portland, Cape Elizabeth and Strong, Maine. In 1870 he met and married Augusta May Walker, another teacher. Together they had three children. In 1875 he left teaching and moved to Auburn, Maine. He became an artist and photographer opening a studio there. He began to do more portrait photography and opened two more studios in Lewiston and Bridgton, Maine. In the early 1880s he started experimenting with the new dry plate way of taking pictures.
In 1885 both brothers left their jobs and started a company to make photographic plates for photographers. they sold their shop four years later when they moved to Watertown, Massachusetts. They started another photographic plate business, but sold it to Eastman Kodak in 1904. The photographic plate business had made both brothers very wealthy.

In 1897 the two brothers began experimenting and making steam-powered cars. They were soon making about 200 cars a year. In 1899 they purchased a bicycle factory in Watertown and began building their cars. They then sold their car company to John B. Walker and Amzi L. Barber for $250,000 USD. With it they sold the rights to their car designs. The sale had a clause that the two Stanley brothers could not build and sell cars for two years. The Stanley brothers broke the clause and had to give their new design to the company Walker and Barber formed, the Locomobile Company of America. In 1901 Francis and Freelan Stanley formed a new car company, the Stanley Motor Carriage Company.

The cars they produced, called Stanley Steamers, had many advantages. The cost was $650. That was $300 less than the cost of a Ford Model T. The cars were very quiet and only made hissing sounds from the boiler. They had no transmission because there was no need to change gears as there was with gasoline-powered cars. Their cars began making news. In 1899, Freelan and his wife Flora drove one of these cars to the top of Mount Washington in New Hampshire, the highest peak in the northeastern United States. The ascent took more than two hours and was notable as being the first time a car had climbed the long Mount Washington Carriage Road. In 1906 a Stanley Steamer broke the land speed record at 127 miles per hour on a beach in Florida.

As other car companies moved from steam to gasoline power, the Stanley Steamer became the most popular steam powered car. As the internal combustion engine designs improved, however, steam and electric cars lost much of their popularity. Finally, the numbers of cars sold went down to less than 600 a year in 1918. That year the Stanley brothers sold the company to Prescott Warren, a Chicago businessman. both brothers retired. A few months later, while he was driving home from a trip to Maine, his car ran off the road. He was driving a new 1918 Model 735 Stanley Steamer. He died in the accident, July 21, 1918. He was 69 years old. His brother Freelan lived to be 91 years old.


Yehezkel Braun

Yehezkel Braun (; January 18, 1922 – August 27, 2014) was a German-born Israeli composer. Braun was Professor Emeritus at Tel Aviv University.

Braun was born in Breslau, Germany (now Wroclaw, Poland). He moved to Mandate Palestine when he was two years old. Braun studied at the Israel Academy of Music. He received a Master's degree in Classical Studies from Tel Aviv University. In 2001, Braun was awarded the Israel Prize for music.

Braun died in Tel Aviv on August 27, 2014. He was 92.

Peret

Pedro Pubill Calaf 24 March 1935 – 27 August 2014), better known as Peret, was a Spanish gypsy singer, guitarist and composer of Catalan rumba. He was born in Mataró, Catalonia.

Peret was known for his 1971 single, "Borriquito" (Ariola Records). Peret represented Spain at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1974 and performed during the closing ceremony at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. In 2001, Peret recorded and released "Rey De La Rumba" ("King of the Rumba").

Peret died in Barcelona, Spain from lung cancer, aged 79.

List of things named after Ronald Reagan

This is a list of things named for former President of the United States Ronald Reagan.

The "Ronald Reagan Legacy Project" is an organization founded by Americans for Tax Reform president Grover Norquist. It seeks to name at least one notable public landmark in each U.S. state and all 3067 counties after the 40th president.

































Ronald Reagan Federal Building and Courthouse (Pennsylvania)

The Ronald Reagan Federal Building and Courthouse is a federal building and courthouse named after Ronald Reagan. It is located at 228 Walnut Street in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. It is twelve-stories tall. The building was built in 1966. It is owned by the General Services Administration. It was officially renamed on March 9, 2004.

Mount Clay

Mount Clay is a peak located in Thompson and Meserve's Purchase in Coos County in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains of New Hampshire. It is a rise about long and a few hundred feet tall, with summit elevation of . It lies on the ridge joining the summits of Mount Washington, about to the south-southeast, with that of Mount Jefferson, about north. 


Sandy Wilson

Alexander Galbraith "Sandy" Wilson (19 May 1924 – 27 August 2014) was an English composer and lyricist. He was best known for his musical "The Boy Friend" (1953).

Wilson was born in Sale, Cheshire. He studied at the Harrow School and Oriel College, Oxford. 

Most of his work for the stage was material for revues, such as Hermione Gingold's "Slings and Arrows", Laurier Lister's "Oranges and Lemons", and "See You Later". 

Wilson died in London, England, aged 90.

Mardi Gras (album)

Mardi Gras is the seventh and final studio album by Creedence Clearwater Revival. The album was released on April 11, 1972.

Jan Groth

Jan Leonard Groth (25 February 1946 – 27 August 2014) was a Norwegian musician. He was active from the early 1970s onwards. He was a member of the progressive rock band Aunt Mary, where he was lead singer and keyboardist. He later moved on to Christian rock, where he most notably sang rock versions of many preacher singer's songs. He was also a member of the band Just 4 Fun. At the 1991 Eurovision Song Contest, Just 4 Fun represented Norway and played the song "Mrs. Thompson".

Groth was born in Greåker. He grew up in a Pentecostal family.

Groth died of cancer on 27 August 2014. He was 68.

John Houseman

John Houseman (born Jacques Haussmann; September 22, 1902October 31, 1988) was a Romanian-born British–American actor and movie producer. He was known for working with Orson Welles. Houseman was known for his role as Professor Charles Kingsfield in the movie "The Paper Chase" (1973).

Houseman died in Malibu, California from spinal cancer, aged 86.


Simon Featherstone

Simon Mark Featherstone (24 July 1958 – 27 August 2014) was a British diplomat. He served as the High Commissioner to Malaysia from October 2010 until May 2014. He served the United Kingdom on diplomatic missions in China, Belgium, Switzerland, Liechtenstein and Malaysia.

Featherstone was born in London. He was one of four brothers. He studied law at the University of Oxford and got an MA in 1980. He was married and had three children.

Featherstone died after a year long illness on 27 August 2014. He was 56.


Carl Van Vechten

Carl Van Vechten (June 17, 1880 – December 21, 1964) was an American writer and artistic photographer. He was known for taking pictures of many famous celebrities during the late 1930s and early 1940s. He was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.

Vechten was married to actress Fania Marinoff from 1914 until his death in 1964. Vechten died in New York City, New York, aged 84.

Fania Marinoff

Fania Marinoff (; ) (March 20, 1890 – November 17, 1971) was an Russian-American actress.

Marinoff was born in Odessa, Russian Empire (now Ukraine). She married Carl Van Vechten in 1914. They had met two years earlier, and their marriage lasted over 50 years until Van Vechten's death.

She played supporting and lead roles in dozens of Broadway plays between 1903 and 1937, and eight U.S. silent movies between 1914 and 1917.

She died in 1971 in Englewood, New Jersey from pneumonia, aged 81.



Timothy Olyphant

Timothy David Olyphant (born May 20, 1968) is an American actor. He is best known for his television work as Sheriff Seth Bullock in "Deadwood" (2004–2006), and Deputy U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens in the series "Justified" (2010-2015). He has starred in the movies "Scream 2" (1997), "Go" (1999), "Gone in 60 Seconds" (2000), "" (2000), "Dreamcatcher" (2003), "The Girl Next Door" (2004), "Live Free or Die Hard/Die Hard 4.0" (2007), "Hitman" (2007), "A Perfect Getaway" (2009), "The Crazies" (2010), "I Am Number Four" (2011), and "Rango" (2011). Olyphant starred in the Netflix series "Santa Clarita Diet".

Vic Seixas

Elias Victor Seixas, Jr. (born August 30, 1923) is an American former tennis player.

Seixas was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was raised Jewish. He studied at William Penn Charter School. After serving in World War II, he studied at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC)

In 1951, Seixas was ranked No. 4 in the world, two spots below Dick Savitt, while he was No. 1 in the U.S. ranking, one spot ahead of Savitt. In 1953, Seixas was ranked No. 3 in the world by Lance Tingay, and was also cited as being the World No. 1 in newspaper Reading Eagle the same year.

He is currently the oldest living male Grand Slam singles champion.


John Spencer-Churchill, 11th Duke of Marlborough

John George Vanderbilt Henry Spencer-Churchill, 11th Duke of Marlborough, DL, JP (13 April 1926 – 16 October 2014) was a British educator. He was the principal of a school in his birthplace of Blenheim Palace.

He was the son of Lt.-Col. John Spencer-Churchill, 10th Duke of Marlborough and his wife, Hon. Alexandra Mary Hilda Cadogan. He was also a relation of The Duke of Devonshire and a generational cousin of the war-time Conservative Prime Minister, Sir Winston Churchill. 

He was also a distant relative of Diana, Princess of Wales as both belong to the Spencer family, and of the Vanderbilt family through his paternal grandmother, Consuelo Vanderbilt.

Spencer-Brown died in the morning of 16 October 2014 in Blenheim Palace, aged 88.


Tommy Hilfiger

Thomas Jacob Hilfiger (born March 24, 1951) is an American fashion designer. He is the founder of the lifestyle brand Tommy Hilfiger Corporation. Hilfiger began his business career at the age of 18. He moved to New York City in his early 20s.


Calvin Klein (fashion designer)

Calvin Richard Klein (born November 19, 1942) is an American fashion designer. He launched the company that would later become Calvin Klein Inc., in 1968. In addition to clothing, Klein also has given his name to a range of perfumes, watches, and jewelry.

Klein was born to a Jewish family in The Bronx, New York. He studied fashion in New York City and apprenticed for a suit manufacturer. In 1968, he launched his first company with a childhood friend, Barry K. Schwartz.

In 1974, a tight-fitting signature jeans designed by Klein went on to gross 200,000 US Dollars in their first week of sales. He also became the first designer to receive outstanding design in men's and women's wear award from the CFDA award show in the same year.


Gabe Newell

Gabe Logan Newell (born November 3, 1962) is an American businessman. He is the co-founder and president of video game development and online distribution company Valve Corporation. He co-founded Valve with fellow Microsoft employee Mike Harrington. He is also known for founding online video gaming distributor Steam.

Newell was born in Colorado. He was married to Lisa Newell (née Mennet) and has two children. They got divorced in 2019. He suffered from Fuchs' dystrophy, a congenital disease which affects the cornea, but was cured by two cornea transplants in 2006 and 2007.

Newell disliked Windows 8, calling it a "catastrophe" and a "threat to PC gaming".

Newell's networth is $5.5 billion United States dollars.

Newell attended Harvard University in 1980, but dropped out 3 years later to work at Microsoft.
Gabe worked with George Forefinger to make popular games such as Counter-Strike, Half life 1 and 2, Left 4 dead 1 and 2, portal 1 and 2 and many more 


Counter-Strike: Global Offensive

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) was an online tactical and first-person shooter video game. It is developed by Valve Corporation and Hidden Path Entertainment. It is the fourth game in the main "Counter-Strike" franchise. It was released on August 21, 2012. It is available for Microsoft Windows and OS X on Steam, Xbox 360 on the Xbox Live Arcade, and a US-only version for the PlayStation 3 on the PlayStation Network.

The main game type is defusing a bomb, which is when there are 2 teams which are Counter-Terrorists and Terrorists. The aim of the game is for the terrorist to plant the bomb at bombsite A or bombsite B. The goal is to defuse the bomb or to eliminate the enemy team. It depends on which game mode you are playing to determine on how long a game is. If you are playing casual mode, there are in total 15 rounds, and it will take 8 rounds to win, making a tie impossible. If you are playing competitive, there are in total 30 rounds and it takes 16 rounds wins to win the match. If both teams get 15 rounds, the game is either put into overtime or ended in a draw depending on if you play the game on third-party servers or not. 

In other gamemodes, such as arms race, the first person to kill a person with a golden knife (assuming no "collaterals", or killing multiple people with one shot, it will take around 30 or 32 kills to get to the golden knife) would win the entire game. 

An update for the game called "Counter-Strike 2" was released on September 27, 2023.


The Crusade (album)

The Crusade was the third album from the American metalcore band Trivium. It was released on October 10, 2006 through Roadrunner Records. It was said to be a very big change from Ascendancy.


Emerson, Lake and Powell

Emerson, Lake and Powell is an English progressive metal band formed in 1985.


Tomorrowland

Tomorrowland is an EDM (electronic dance music) festival in Boom, Belgium. It started in 2005. Since 2012, there has been a spin-off in Atlanta called TomorowWorld.

In Waves

In Waves is the fifth album from the American metalcore band Trivium. It was released on August 2, 2011 through Roadrunner Records. The album contained more metalcore elements rather than thrash metal elements. 


Tampereen Pyrintö (basketball)

Tampereen Pyrintö is a basketball team from Tampere, Finland. Pyrintö plays its home games at Pyynikin palloiluhalli.

Pyrintö has won three Finnish championships (2010, 2011 and 2014) and two Finnish Cups (1969, 2013).


Ceará Sporting Club

Ceará Sporting Club is a Brazilian football team from Fortaleza, Ceará.







Alianza Lima

Club Alianza Lima is a Peruvian football club. They plays at the Estadio Alejandro Villanueva in Lima, Peru.

Club Universitario de Deportes

Club Universitario de Deportes, also known as Universitario and La "U", is a Peruvian football club from Lima.







C.A. Banfield

Club Atlético Banfield is an Argentine sports club located from Banfield, Buenos Aires. It is mostly known for its football team.


Callao

Callao (; or ) is the main seaport of Peru. The city is capital of the Constitutional Province of Callao.

Mike Lowry

Michael Edward "Mike" Lowry (March 8, 1939 – May 1, 2017) was the 20th Governor of Washington. He was governor from 1993 to 1997. Lowry is a Democrat.

Lowry ran twice for the United States Senate. He failed both times. In a 1983 special election, Republican former Governor Dan Evans beat Lowry.

Lowry died on May 1, 2017 from complications of a stroke in Olympia, Washington, aged 78.

Jed Lowrie

Jed Carlson Lowrie (born April 17, 1984) is an American professional baseball player. Lowrie's team is the Oakland Athletics. Lowrie mainly plays the position shortstop. In the past, he also played for the Boston Red Sox and Houston Astros.

Brandon Moss

Brandon Douglas Moss (born September 16, 1983) is an American Professional baseball player. He is currently a free agent.

Moss has played for the Boston Red Sox, Pittsburgh Pirates, Oakland Athletics, and the Philadelphia Phillies.

He was born 16 September 1983 in Monroe, Georgia. He graduated from Loganville High School in Loganville, Georgia. Moss was drafted in the 8th round of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft by the Boston Red Sox.

Moss began playing minor league ball, starting with the Gulf Coast Red Sox. He then played for the Lowell Spinners, Augusta GreenJackets, and Sarasota Red Sox. He spent two years with the Double-A Portland Sea Dogs in 2005 and 2006. He then played for the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox.

TriStar

TriStar (Production Studio) may refer to:

MIPS architecture

The MIPS architecture is an instruction set for computers that was developed at Stanford University in 1981. At the start, MIPS was an acronym for Microprocessor without Interlocked Pipeline Stages. Most of it is done in RISC. In a full RISC architecture, all commands have the same length. This simplifies the design of the microchip and allows to use fast clock cycles. At the start, the architecture used a 32 bit bus, but from 1991, a 64 bit architecture was used.

In 2015, MIPS implementations are primarily used in embedded systems such as Windows CE devices, routers, residential gateways, and video game consoles such as the Sony PlayStation, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable. Until late 2006, they were also used in many of SGI's computer products. MIPS implementations were also used by Digital Equipment Corporation, NEC, Pyramid Technology, Siemens Nixdorf, Tandem Computers and others during the late 1980s and 1990s. In the mid to late 1990s, it was estimated that one in three RISC microprocessors produced was a MIPS implementation.

We're the Millers

We're the Millers is a 2013 American criminal comedy road movie directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber.

It stars Jennifer Aniston, Jason Sudeikis, Emma Roberts, Will Poulter, Nick Offerman, Kathryn Hahn, and Ed Helms. It is about a drug trafficker in Denver. He recruits a woman to pretend to be his wife and two teenagers to pretend to be his children in order to make it less likely that he will be caught when they travel to Mexico to smuggle cannabis into the United States.

It was released in the U.S. on August 7, 2013 by Warner Bros. Pictures and New Line Cinema.

On February 25, 2014, New Line Cinema has set Adam Sztykiel to write the script for the sequel film. The film remade in Kolamavu Kokila in Tamil language.


Marcel Masse

Marcel Masse (May 27, 1936 – August 25, 2014) was a Canadian politician. He served as a Quebec MLA and minister, federal MP and federal cabinet minister.

Masse died on August 25, 2014, aged 78.

Benno Pludra

Benno Pludra (October 1, 1925 – August 27, 2014) was a German children's author. He was born in Mückenberg, now Lauchhammer-West.

Pludra wrote narratives and novels for children and teenagers. His books in total sold more than five million times, which made him one of the most successful authors of East Germany. Some of his books have been made into movies.

Pludra died in Potsdam, Germany, aged 88.

Fernando Zunzunegui

Fernando Zunzunegui Rodríguez (5 October 1943 – 28 August 2014) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a defender. He was born in Vigo, Spain.

He played for Celta from 1962 through 1963. Then he played for Turista from 1963 through 1965. Then he played for Celta from 1965 through 1973. Then he played for Real Madrid from 1973 through 1976.

Zunzunegui died in Madrid, Spain, aged 70.



Jean-François Beltramini

Jean-François Beltramini (5 February 1948 – 27 August 2014) was a French footballer. He played as a striker. He played professionally between 1969 and 1985. He played clubs such as Paris Saint-Germain, Stade de Reims, Paris and FC Rouen.

Beltramini was born in Les Clayes-sous-Bois, Yvelines. He was of Italian ancestry.

Beltramini died after a long illness on 27 August 2014 in Rouen, aged 66.


Peter Bacon Hales

Peter Bacon Hales (November 13, 1950 – August 26, 2014) was an American historian, photographer, writer, and musician. His works were in American spaces and landscapes, the history of photography, and contemporary art. His wrote six books including "Silver Cities: The Photography of American Urbanization, 1839–1915", and "Atomic Spaces: Living on the Manhattan Project". He was a University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) faculty member for 32 years, including four years as chair of his department (art history). He retired in 2012.

Hales was born in Pasadena, California. He graduated from Haverford College in 1972. He was married to Maureen Pskowski.

Hales died in a road accident on August 26, 2014 near his home in Stone Ridge, New York. He was 63. He was killed when a car driver hit his bicycle .

Elfriede Brüning

Elfriede Brüning (8 November 1910 – 5 August 2014), also known as Elke Klent, was a German communist journalist and novelist. She worked for newspapers such as the "Berliner Tageblatt", the "Berliner Börsen-Courier" and the "Vossische Zeitung".

Brüning was born in Berlin. In 1930, she joined the Communist Party of Germany. Before World War II, she was arrested in 1935 for communism-related activities, before being released in 1937. In 1937, she married Joachim Barckhausen, a writer and editor. Their daughter, Christiane, born in 1942, also became a writer. After the German reunification, she became a member of Die Linke (). Brüning turned 100 in November 2010.

Brüning died from natural causes on 5 August 2014 in Berlin, aged 103.


Lars Mortimer

Lars Mortimer (22 March 1946 – 25 August 2014) was a Swedish cartoonist and comics artist. He was the creator and writer of the comic strip "Hälge". He made the comic strip from September 1991 until his death in August 2014. From 2001, "Hälge" got a section in a newspaper and was released monthly. He also created the comic strip "Bobo", published between 1973 and 1990.

Mortimer was born in Sundsvall, Västernorrland County. He was of British ancestry. He had two children.

Mortimer died after a short illness on 25 August 2014 in Alfta, Hälsingland. He was 68.


Bill Kerr

William Henry "Bill" Kerr (10 June 1922 – 28 August 2014) was an Australian stage, television and movie actor and comedian. He first worked as a child actor for a short time during the early 1930s. He later returned to acting in the 1950s. He found great success while in Britain. He appeared on radio in BBC's "Hancock's Half Hour" between 1951 and 1958. He became known as "the boy from Wagga Wagga". He used his famous catchphrase was "I'm only here for four minutes..." while in the UK. He also appeared in television series such as "Doctor Who" and "The Young Doctors". He played uncle Jack in the 1981 movie "Gallipoli". He was nominated for many AACTA Awards.

Kerr was born in Cape Town, South Africa to Australian parents. He moved with his family to Australia and grew up in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales. He served in the army during World War II. He moved to the United Kingdom in 1947. He was first married to Virginia from 1955 until their divorce. They had two children. He got married a second time to Sandra in 1983. They remained married until Kerr's death. They also had two children.

Kerr died on 28 August 2014 at his home in Perth, Western Australia. He was 92.


Douglas Carswell

John Douglas Wilson Carswell (born 3 May 1971) is a British politician. He is a Eurosceptic and a libertarian. Carsewell was elected to Parliament at the 2005 general election. On 28 August 2014 left the Conservative Party to be a member of UKIP.

Following his resignation from the Conservatives, he ran for his seat Clacton-on-Sea as a UKIP candidate. He was elected UKIP's first MP in the House of Commons in the by-election held on 9 October 2014.

In March 2017, Carswell said that he was quitting UKIP to be an independent MP. In April 2017 he said he would not stand in the 2017 general election.

Star Wars Rebels

Star Wars Rebels is an Canadian 3D CGii animated series produced by 9 Story Media Group Lucasfilm and Lucasfilm Animation. It is set 14 years after "" and 5 years before "". The visual style of "Star Wars Rebels" is heavily inspired by the original "Star Wars" trilogy concept art by Ralph McQuarrie. The series premiered on October 3, 2014 on Disney Channel, with a movie special, titled "Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion".

Adapted from books turned in to short one minute to promote the series and made available online. 
Lucasfilm and Disney have confirmed a second season.
Disney XD (US) CBBC (UK) ABC (Australia) France 5 (France) Disney Channel (Spain Italy and Latin America) TVO (Canada) TV12 (Singapore) EBS (Korea) Kids 1 (South Korea) M-Net (South Africa) Cartoon Network (India and Pan Asia) CyBC (Cyprus) MiniMini+ (Poland) POP TV (Slovenia) MBC E Vision and Al Jazeera (Middle East) YLE (Finland) NRK (Norway) Lativi (Indonesia) TVNZ (New Zealand) Cartoon Gang and True Vision (Thailand) VBC (Vietnam) TV3 (Malaysia) RTE (Ireland) RTB (Brunei) Hop TV (Israel) Canal Panda (Portugal) 

"Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion" was made to DVD on retailers that came including character shorts, plush toy and prievew of season one.

The one hour special garnered 2.743 million viewers in the United States, the second most on the network that night. Worldwide, it delivered a total of 6.5 million viewers.

At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 78, based on 4 reviews indicating "generally favorable reviews".

IGN and Variety in particular had strong praise for the pilot movie, "Spark of Rebellion", but their only real criticism was the appearance of the Wookiees in the film, being cited as not all that impressive compared to the rest of the animation. 

Lucasfilm

Lucasfilm is an American movie and television production company. It is based in the Letterman Digital Arts Center in San Francisco, California. It is best known for the "Star Wars" and "Indiana Jones" movie franchises. It does live action and animation. Lucasfilm became a subsidiary of Disney in 2012.

Lucasfilm was created in 1971 by George Lucas (creator of the "Star Wars" Franchise). It had a Lucasfilm Animation division for animation products. Lucasfilm Ltd. had done services of products in Live Action movies and Animated television series and movies.



Freelan Oscar Stanley

Freelan Oscar Stanley (1849 – 1940), was an American educator, inventor and manufacturer. He left teaching to join his twin brother Francis Edgar Stanley in the photographic dry plate business. After selling the business, the two brothers invented and manufactured the Stanley Steamer car. They were pioneers in the use of steam engines to power cars.

Freelan O. Stanley and his twin brother Francis E. Stanley were born on 1 June 1849 in Kingsfield, Maine. Their parents were Solomon and Apphia (French) Stanley. Solomon Stanley was both a farmer and a teacher. Freelan and his brother Francis graduated from Farmington State Normal School in Farmington, Maine. The school is now the University of Maine at Farmington. Freelan became a teacher and taught at Andover, Lisbon and Farmington, Maine. He later became principal of the high school at Mechanic Falls, Maine. In 1876 he met and married Flora Tileston.

In 1885 he and his twin brother left their jobs and started a company to make photographic plates for photographers. they sold their shop four years later when they moved to Watertown, Massachusetts. They started another photographic plate business, but sold it to Eastman Kodak in 1904. The photographic plate business had made both brothers very wealthy.

In 1896 Freelan and his brother Francis visited the Brockton County Fair. They saw a steam car and decided to build one themselves. In 1897 the two brothers began making steam-powered cars. Their steam cars had a much lighter boiler and a lighter steam engine than the rest. They were soon making about 200 cars a year. In 1899 they purchased a bicycle factory in Watertown and began building their cars. They then sold their car company to John B. Walker and Amzi L. Barber for $250,000 USD. With it they sold the rights to their car designs. The sale had a clause that the two Stanley brothers could not build and sell cars for two years. The Stanley brothers broke the clause and had to give their new design to the company Walker and Barber formed, the Locomobile Company of America. In 1901 Francis and Freelan Stanley formed a new car company, the Stanley Motor Carriage Company.

The cars they produced, called Stanley Steamers, had many advantages. The cost was $650. That was $300 less than the cost of a Ford Model T. The cars were very quiet and only made hissing sounds from the boiler. They had no transmission because there was no need to change gears as there was with gasoline-powered cars. Their cars began making news. In 1899, Freelan and his wife Flora drove one of these cars to the top of Mount Washington in New Hampshire, the highest peak in the northeastern United States. The ascent took more than two hours and was notable as being the first time a car had climbed the long Mount Washington Carriage Road. In 1906 a Stanley Steamer broke the land speed record at 127 miles per hour on a beach in Florida.

In business, the twins looked exactly alike and dressed the same. They even trimmed their beards the same. People they worked with said the only way to tell them apart was each had a different reaction when you told him a joke. As other car companies moved from steam to gasoline power, their Stanley Steamer became the most popular steam powered car. As the internal combustion engine designs improved, however, steam and electric cars lost much of their popularity. Finally, the numbers of cars sold went down to less than 600 a year in 1918. That year the Stanley brothers sold the company to Prescott Warren, a Chicago businessman. both brothers retired. A few months later, while he was driving home from a trip to Maine, Francis' car ran off the road. Francis was driving a new 1918 Model 735 Stanley Steamer. He died in the accident, July 21, 1918.

In 1903 Freelan came down with tuberculosis and was given less than a year to live. He and his wife Flora came to Colorado to try to improve his health. The couple fell in love with Estes Park, Colorado. Stanley's health began to improve and in 1906 he began building a large hotel. The site had spectacular views of Rocky Mountain National Park. He opened his hotel in 1909. It had luxuries (for that time) of telephones, electricity and indoor plumbing. He had a fleet of Stanley Steamers to bring guests to his hotel, named The Stanley Hotel. The Stanley Hotel was the inspiration behind Stephen King's book "The Shining". King wrote much of the book while he was a guest in room 217. Other famous guests of the hotel include Theodore Roosevelt, Molly Brown and the Emperor of Japan.

Stanley made a number of contributions to Estes Park. He built a hydroelectric plant to provide electricity to the town. He gave land for parks, a fairground and he improved roads in the area. He spent every summer in Estes Park for 37 years. He died on October 2, 1940 at age 91.


Kodak

Eastman Kodak Company was started by George Eastman and Henry A. Strong in 1881. They made their headquarters in Rochester, New York. It began as the Eastman Dry plate company. The company made Photographic plates for Photographers. It changed from a partnership to a corporation in 1884. In 1888 it changed its name again to the Eastman Kodak Company. This is when they released their first hand-held camera called the Kodak. It used a roll of photographic film which the company had started making in 1885. It was a camera simple enough for anyone to take pictures. Eastman Kodak re-invented photography and became an American success story. But their success would not last.

At first photographers used glass plates they had to coat with an emulsion. But they had to be used within minutes of being coated. They also had to be processed into a picture right away. In 1878, Eastman successfully created dry plates that could be coated with a gelatin solution. These could be used at the photographer's convenience. They did not require all the heavy equipment wet plates did. Eastman decided to go into business selling them. He invented a machine to mass-produce dry plates. In 1888, the company sold the first Kodak box cameras. The slogan was "you press the button, we do the rest". For $24 USD the camera came already loaded with film capable of taking 100 pictures. The camera was sent back to the factory where for $10 the film was developed into pictures. These cameras first used paper film but later turned to Nitrocellulose film. An indexing roller to hold film was invented by David Houston. It had square holes in the edge of the film to advance the film with no waste or Multiple exposures. But Eastman did not want to pay to license his patent. So they bought his patent in 1899. Kodak kept making dry plates until that market dried up. Their main profit was in film and film developing papers and chemicals. They made film for the movie industry, 16mm film for hobby filmmaking and cameras of all kinds. In the mid- 1920s they came out with color film. In 1929 Kodak created motion picture film for adding sound to motion pictures.

In 1947 Edwin H. Land invented the Polaroid instant camera. The camera could develop its own pictures inside the camera in 60 seconds. Within five years Polaroid sold over a million cameras. Kodak took notice. Since Kodak held 80% of the market for photographic development, instant cameras were a real threat. Kodak quickly came out with their own instant camera. Land sued Kodak for $12 billion for using its technology. In 1990 Land won and Kodak quit making instant cameras. But they won only a fraction of what they said Kodak's action had cost them, and Land went out of business in 2001.

Fujifilm, the Japanese photography company, began selling inexpensive film in the United States in the 1980s. Since their film cost much less than Kodak's, by 1999 they had a large share of the film market. Kodak lost millions of dollars and had many layoffs. When Digital cameras became popular, Kodak quickly joined that market. By 1999 they were the second largest maker of digital cameras. But they lost $60 on each one they sold.

Kodak made so many marketing mistakes that its stock dropped from $76 a share in 1999 to $25 in 2004. They dropped out of the film manufacturing business. Finally Kodak was dropped from the Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 2012 the 131-year-company filed for bankruptcy. After selling off many of its products to other companies, Kodak came out of bankruptcy a much smaller company.

Delminium

Delminium was an ancient Illyrian city. It was the capital of the Dalmatae which was in today's Tomislavgrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina. People lived in The area of Tomislavgrad even before the Illyrians arrived. This is shown by a few polished stone axes from the Neolithic (4000 BC – 2400 BC) period.

Dalmatae

The Dalmatae or Delmatae were an Illyrian tribe. They lived in what is today Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. Their capital was Delminium. The Dalmatae were conquered by the Roman Republic in 33 BC.

Jack Kraft

John J. "Jack" Kraft (c. 1921 – August 28, 2014) was an American basketball coach. He coached Villanova for 12 years, from 1961 through 1973. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Kraft died on August 28, 2014 at the age of 93 in New Jersey.

Alicia Alonso

Alicia Alonso (born Alicia Ernestina de la Caridad Martínez Hoya; 21 December 1921 – 17 October 2019) was a Cuban ballerina and choreographer. She was known for her portrayals of Giselle and the ballet version of "Carmen". 

Alonso died in Havana on 17 October 2019 at the age of 98.


Ignacio López Tarso

Ignacio López Tarso (born Ignacio López López, 15 January 1925 – 11 March 2023) was Mexican actor of stage, movie and television. He acted in about 50 movies and appeared in documentaries and in one short feature. He was known for his title role in the 1960 movie "Macario". Tarso was born in Mexico City, Mexico.

In 1973 he was given the Ariel Award for Best Actor for "Rosa Blanca", and the Ariel de Oro lifetime achievement award in 2007.

On 22 May 2016, Tarso underwent surgery to treat a growing tumor in his large intestine and polyps in his small intestine. Tarso was later placed under intensive care unit. He died from pneumonia caused by bowel obstruction on 11 March 2023.

Oakes, North Dakota

Oakes is a city in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 1,798 at the 2020 census. Oakes was founded in 1886.

Björn Waldegård

Björn Waldegård (12 November 1943 - 29 August 2014) was a Swedish rally driver who won the inaugural World Rally Championship for drivers in 1979. His Swedish nickname was "Walle".

Waldegård died in Stockholm, Sweden from cancer, aged 70.

John Anthony Walker

John Anthony Walker Jr. (July 28, 1937 – August 28, 2014) was an American criminal and spy. He served as a United States Navy Chief Warrant Officer and communications specialist. He was convicted of spying on the United States working for the Soviet Union from 1968 to 1985.

After Walker's arrest, Caspar Weinberger, President Ronald Reagan's Secretary of Defense, said that the Soviet Union made significant gains in naval warfare because of Walker's spying.

Walker died August 28, 2014, while still in prison. He would have been eligible for parole in 2015.


Double Impact

Double Impact is a 1991 crime drama and action-adventure movie. It is about twin brothers involved with crime and secrets. Jean-Claude Van Damme plays the brothers Chad and Alex. 

The movie received negative reviews from the movie critics. Despite that, the movie was #2 at the box office. "Double Impact" was released on August 9, 1991.

Doc Hollywood

Doc Hollywood is a 1991 romantic comedy movie. The movie is about life experiences. Michael J. Fox plays Doctor Benjamin Stone. Woody Harrelson plays Hank Gordon. Bridget Fonda plays Nancy Lee.

"Doc Hollywood" was released on August 2, 1991. The reviews of the movie were positive.


Glenn Cornick

Glenn Douglas Barnard Cornick (23 May 1947 – 28 August 2014) was a British musician. He was the first bass guitar player in the progressive rock band, Jethro Tull. He was born in Barrow-in-Furness, Lancashire (now part of Cumbria).

Cornick died in Hilo, Hawaii, United States, on 29 August 2014 due to congestive heart failure, aged 67.


Bob Wareing

Robert Nelson "Bob" Wareing, commonly known as Bob Wareing (20 August 1930 - 29 August 2014) was a British politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Liverpool West Derby from 1983 to 2010. Until November 2007, he was a Labour MP, but resigned in May 2010.

Wareing died in Liverpool, Merseyside, England, aged 84.

Ed and Lorraine Warren

Edward Warren Miney (September 7, 1926 – August 23, 2006) and Lorraine Rita Warren ("née" Moran; January 31, 1927 – April 18, 2019) were American paranormal investigators and authors. They are associated with famous cases of haunting. 

Edward was a World War II United States Navy veteran and former police officer. He became a self-taught, self-proclaimed expert demonologist, author, and lecturer. His wife Lorraine was a professed clairvoyant and a light trance medium who worked closely with her husband.

Their cases have even become blockbuster movies such as "The Amityville Horror", "The Haunting in Connecticut", "The Conjuring", "The Conjuring 2" and "".

Both Ed and Lorraine Warren were born in Bridgeport, Connecticut. Ed Warren died in Monroe, Connecticut at the age of 79. Lorraine Warren died on April 19, 2019, at the age of 92.

Brasse Brännström

Lars Erik "Brasse" Brännström (27 February 1945 – 29 August 2014) was a Swedish actor. He started acting in 1972. He won two Guldmasken Awards. He appeared in the 2005 Finnish-Swedish movie "Mother of Mine" (, ). One of his last movie roles was in "Bäst före" (2013).

Brännström was born in Stockholm. He attended Adolf Fredrik's Music School in Stockholm.

Brännström died on 29 August 2014 in Stockholm, aged 69.


Patrick Wilson (American actor)

Patrick Joseph Wilson (born July 3, 1973) is an American actor and singer. He is known for his roles in "The Alamo", "The Phantom of the Opera", "Little Children", "Watchmen", "The A-Team", "The Ledge", "Insidious", and as Ed Warren in "The Conjuring", "The Conjuring 2" and "The Conjuring 3".

Wilson appeared in a voice cameo appearance as the President of the United States in "" (2016) and appeared as Ocean Master in "Aquaman" (2018).


Steven Tyler

Steven Tyler (born Steven Victor Tallarico; March 26, 1948) is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and former television music competition judge. He is best known as for being the frontman of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith.


Edie McClurg

Edie McClurg (born July 23, 1951) is an American stand-up comedian, actress, singer, voice artist, and comedienne. She is known for her roles in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", "Planes, Trains and Automobiles", "Carrie", and "Frozen".

Off-site data protection

In computing, off-site data protection, or vaulting, is the strategy of sending critical data off the main site. The place where the data is stored is often called the data vault.

In many organisations, there is some data which is so important that it must be protected. Protection against hacking can be done by means of software, but protection against physical damage is a different problem. The solution is to put the data in more than one place, so a major disaster, (such as fire or explosions) does not prevent the recovery of the computer system with all its most important data.

Data is usually taken off-site using media such as magnetic tape or optical storage. Data can also be sent electronically to a remote backup service, which is called "electronic vaulting" or "e-vaulting".

Sending backups off-site makes sure systems and servers can be reloaded with the latest data in the event of a disaster, accidental error, or system crash. Sending backups off-site also ensures there is a copy of data that is not stored on-site. Off-site backup services are convenient for companies that backup data on a daily basis (classified and unclassified).

Although some organizations manage and store their own off-site backups, many choose to have their backups managed and stored by others who specialize in the protection of off-site data.


Integrated development environment

An integrated development environment, or IDE, is a computer program that makes it easier to write other computer programs. They are used by computer programmers to edit source code, and can be easier to use than other text editors for new programmers. They can have compilers so programmers don't have to open other programs to compile the source code. They also often have syntax highlighting. A feature of an IDE is to check the syntax, and libraries can be added to increase functionality. It also may have predictive coding that can finish lines with syntax such as brackets or semicolons and can suggest variables to be used. It also may have debuggers that can step through lines, take breaks and inspect variables.

An IDE often comes with an interpreter and a compiler. Certain IDEs can allow multi-language which means that functions can be written in different languages.

Syntax highlighting

Syntax highlighting is where a text editor, integrated development environment or other computer program shows different parts of some source code in different colours. This makes it easier for computer programmers to read the source code and understand what it does. It can be done in different colors, and different programming languages have different rules about what parts of the source code need to be different colors.

This is an example comparing some C code without syntax highlighting and with syntax highlighting:

Victor J. Stenger

Victor John Stenger (January 29, 1935 – August 27, 2014) was an American particle physicist, educator, philosopher, writer, and religious skeptic. He worked with New Atheism and he also wrote popular science books. He wrote books about physics, quantum mechanics, cosmology, philosophy, religion, atheism, and pseudoscience. He wrote "The New York Times" bestseller "God: The Failed Hypothesis", published in 2007. His final book was called "God and the Atom: From Democritus to the Higgs Boson", published in 2013. He was also a science columnist for "The Huffington Post". He worked at universities such as the University of Hawaii and the University of Colorado Boulder.

Stenger was born in Bayonne, New Jersey. His father was an immigrant from Lithuania. His mother's parents were immigrants from Hungary. He married Phylliss in 1962. They had two children.

Stenger died from an aortic aneurysm on August 27, 2014 in Honolulu, Hawaii. He was 79.


Shogun (album)

Shogun was the fourth studio album by the heavy metal band Trivium. The album released on September 23 2008 through Roadrunner Records. Work on the album started in October 2007, when the band wanted to try new things with their music. 

The album got very good reviews from many different websites. About.com gave the album four stars saying that "Shogun won't silence Trivium's legions of critics, but I think most fans will like the harsh vocals along with the great riffs and memorable melodies." Allmusic's Eduardo Rivadavia said Shogun was "Trivium's most challenging and ambitious album yet." IGN's Ed Thompson said that the "band have done what absolutely needed to be done." Thompson said it was Trivium's best album to date. 

David Bala

David Bala (1947 – 29 August 2014) was a Singaporean comedian and actor. He was best known for his roles in "Tetangga", "Just Follow Law", "Ah Long Pte Ltd" and "The Ghosts Must Be Crazy".

Since January 2014, David also worked as a security officer at Republic Polytechnic. Bala had 4 children. He died from heart disease, on 29 August, 2014.

In 1976 David started his career as a stage actor. His broadcast debut was in 1979 on Radio Television Singapore's ""Kaatchiyum Kaanamum"". In 2007, David was cast as one of the actors in Jack Neo's film, "Just Follow Law".

Bipan Chandra

Bipan Chandra (1928-30 August 2014) was an Indian historian. He wrote about economic and political history of modern India. He specialized on the national movement and is considered to be one India's greatest scholars on Mahatma Gandhi. He wrote several books, including "The Rise and Growth of Economic Nationalism".

Chandra died on the morning of 30 August 2014, at his home in Gurgaon, after a long-illness, aged 86.

Graph (mathematics)

In mathematics, a graph is used to show how things are connected. The mathematical study on graph is called graph theory. The things being connected are called vertices, and the connections among them are called edges. If vertices are connected by an edge, they are called adjacent. The degree of a vertex is the number of edges that connect to it. A graph's size formula_1is the number of edges in total. The number of vertices, written as formula_2, is called the order of a graph. 

Edges may have weights, which show the costs associated with using each edge. In a graph of cities on a map, the cost may be the distance between two cities, or the amount of time it takes to travel between the two.

Directed graphs go in one direction, like water flowing through a bunch of pipes. Undirected graphs don't have a direction, like a mutual friendship. A graph where there is more than one edge between two vertices is called multigraph. One where there is at most one edge is called a simple graph. A simple graph, where every vertex is directly connected to every other is called complete graph. A loop is an edge that connects to its own vertex. Loops are only allowed in multigraphs.

A sequence of edges is called a path. A path which starts and ends at the same edge is called a cycle. 

Jacques Friedel

Jacques Friedel (11 February 1921 – 27 August 2014) was a French physicist, educator and material scientist. He was the President of the French Academy of Sciences from 1992 until 1994. He worked at many universities in France. He also wrote more than 200 journal articles.

Friedel was born in Paris. He came from a family of academics. He studied at École Polytechnique from 1944 until 1946.

Friedel died on 27 August 2014 in Paris of pneumonia, aged 93.


Tabby cat

Tabby cat, also known as grey tiger, or simply tabby is the name for domestic cats with fur coats of stripes, dots, lines or swirling patterns. These cats often have a mark that looks like the letter "M" on their foreheads. Tabbies are not a cat breed. Tabby cats are very common. About two-thirds of the world's cat population are tabbies.

The tabby pattern is in many pure breeds of cats, as well as in mixed breeds. The tabby pattern happens naturally because of cats' closest ancestor, the African Wildcat. It has the same colors and patterns. 

There are four tabby patterns that are genetically different: mackerel, classic, spotted, and ticked.

There is also a fifth pattern that includes tabby as part of another basic color pattern. The "patched" tabby is a calico or tortoiseshell cat with tabby patches (also known as "caliby" and "torbie").

Mackerel is the original pattern and is by far the most common tabby pattern. The legs and tail have dark bars as do the cat's cheeks. A "mackerel tabby" has narrow stripes that run in parallel down its sides. This is what some people refer to as a "tiger." An "M" shape appears on the forehead along with dark lines across the cat's cheeks to the corners of its eyes. Mackerels are also called 'Fishbone tabbies' probably because of the mackerel fish. A mackerel tabby pattern is the only striped coat pattern seen in domestic cats.

The classic tabby cat (also known as "blotched" or "marbled") has a pattern usually in the colors of dark brown, ochre, and black; but sometimes grey. Classic tabbies have the "M" pattern on their foreheads too. The body is marked with a whirled or swirled pattern (often called a "bullseye") on the cat's sides. There is also a light colored "butterfly" pattern on the shoulders and three thin stripes (the center stripe is dark) running along its spine. Classic tabbies have dark stripes on their legs, tail, and cheeks. Classic tabby is a recessive trait, so these cats are not as common as mackerel tabbies.

A ticked tabby pattern makes a grizzly color of fur of dark and light bands or bars. These break up the tabby pattern into a "salt-and-pepper" look. Some stripes or bars can often be seen on the lower legs, face and belly and sometimes at the end of the cat's tail.

The spotted tabby has a gene that breaks up the mackerel tabby pattern so that the stripes appear as spots. Sometimes, the stripes of a classic tabby's pattern may be broken into larger spots. Both large spot and small spot patterns can be seen in the Australian Mist, Bengal, Egyptian Mau, Maine Coon, and Ocicat breeds.

Tabbies may be brown, grey, orange, or calico, including dilute versions of these colors. The most common tabby color is brown. All orange cats are tabbies, and the orange portion of calico cats will always show tabby patterns. Since the orange gene is on the X chromosome, about 80% of orange tabby cats are male, and nearly all calico cats are female. Colorpoint cats (Siamese, Himalayan, etc) that are tabbies are referred to as lynx point. As with solid-color cats, tabbies may also be partly white, such as tuxedo or van patterns. The tabby pattern is not visible at all in the white portion.

The mackerel tabby pattern was the first tabby pattern in domestic cats. It is believed to have come from the African Wildcat and the European Wildcat. Both of these wild cats have a pale, striped tabby pattern. But when those breeds mixed, it made a more distinct mackerel tabby coat. At first, the mackerel tabby was common in all domestic cats. But later, other tabby patterns happened because of mutations and selective breeding of the mackerel tabby. All domestic cats have the tabby gene. But the genes of some cat breeds hide the tabby appearance. 



Superman: Escape from Krypton

Superman: Escape from Krypton (used to be known as Superman: The Escape) is a steel roller coaster built by Intamin at Six Flags Magic Mountain in Valencia, California, United States. When it opened in 1997, it was the tallest and fastest roller coaster in the world. It is similar to a roller coaster called Tower of Terror II at Dreamworld in Australia. The ride closed in 2010 so that it could be changed from "Superman: The Escape" to "Superman: Escape from Krypton". The new ride opened in 2011, with new trains that face backwards and with new colors.


Doug

Doug is an animated television program. The program was created by Jim Jinkins. It was produced by Nelvana. The program is about the early adolescent life of its title character, Douglas "Doug" Funnie. Doug, was 11-12 years old in the first 4 seasons of the series. He was 13 years old in seasons 5 to 7.
"Doug" was broadcast on Nickelodeon in from 1991 until 1994. The series was on ABC (Disney) from 1996 until 1999.


George Galloway

George Galloway (born 16 August 1954) is a British politician. He is a former member of the Labour Party, but left in October 2003; later he was in the Respect Party, until this group was wound up in 2016.

Galloway was born and raised in Dundee, Scotland. He joined the Labour Party Young Socialists when he was 13 years old.

In 1983 Galloway became General Secretary of the London charity War on Want. Galloway was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Hillhead from 1987-1997 and Glasgow Kelvin from 1997-2005. In 1998, he started a political campaign called the Mariam Appeal. Galloway became the Vice-President of the Stop the War Coalition in 2001. Galloway was thrown out of the Labour Party in 2003 because of some of his actions. From 2004 to 2016, he was a leading figure in Respect. He was MP for Bethnal Green and Bow from 2005-2010. From 29 March 2012 to 8 May 2015 he was the Respect Party MP for Bradford West.

Galloway was a housemate in the 2006 series of Celebrity Big Brother.

Galloway stood in the 2016 London Mayoral election, but came seventh in the vote.

In 2017 Galloway was an independent candidate at the Manchester Gorton by-election. The by-election didn't happen because it was overtaken by the 2017 General Election. Galloway came a distant third with 5.7% of the vote.

In the 2019 general election, Galloway stood in West Bromwich East as an independent. He said he supported Corbyn's leadership and Brexit. He came 6th with 489 votes. In December 2019 he started the Workers Party of Britain, which says it is "economically radical with an independent foreign policy" and "committed to class politics".

He led All for Unity, which he started, in the 2021 Scottish Parliament election. He said he would vote for the Conservative Party on the constituency vote, and for his own party on the list vote. All for Unity got 23,299 votes in the election, or 0.9%.

In the 2021 Batley and Spen by-election he came third with 21.8% of the vote.

He stood in the Rochdale byelection in 2024, again for the Workers Party of Britain. He was elected with 12,335 votes on a 37.6% turnout.

In 1979, he married Elaine Fyffe; their daughter was born in 1983. The couple divorced in 1999. In 2000, he married Amineh Abu-Zayyad; she divorced him in 2009 for his unreasonable behaviour. He married Rima Husseini in 2007; their sons were born in 2007 and 2011. He married Putri Gayatri Pertiwi in 2012. Their son was born in 2014.

First Minister of Wales

The First Minister of Wales () is the leader of the Welsh Government. Wales' government is devolved, meaning it can make decisions on certain laws in Wales (any other laws are decided by the UK Government in Westminster). It was established in 1999.

The First Minister has several responsibilities:

The office of the First Minister is in Tŷ Hywel, and at the Senedd building in Cardiff. An office is also kept at the Crown Buildings, Cathays Park, Cardiff. The current First Minister, since 2018, is Mark Drakeford. The longest-serving First Minister was Rhodri Morgan.



Chloe (movie)

Chloe is a 2009 American-Canadian-French erotic drama mystery movie. This movie is about the title character doing business as a call girl. Amanda Seyfried plays the title character. Julianne Moore plays gynecologist Catherine. Liam Neeson plays Catherine's husband David, who is a college professor. 

This movie was released on March 26, 2010 in the United States. The film was originally NC-17 but was lowered to R. The movie got mixed reviews.

Welsh Government

The Welsh Government () is the executive of the devolved government in Wales.

The Welsh Government is required to explain its actions to the Welsh Parliament, which is the body that creates laws in Wales.

The current First Minister is Mark Drakeford. He was appointed by the Queen on 12 May 2011, who also appointed 10 ministers and deputy ministers. The Counsel General is Theodore Huckle QC.

The Welsh Government and the Senedd (Welsh Parliament; founded as the National Assembly for Wales) were created as separate organisations by the "Government of Wales Act 2006".

In the Act, the Government is called the "Welsh Assembly Government", but to avoid confusion between National Assembly and the Government, it was renamed the Welsh Government in May 2011, just like the Scottish Government did in 2007.

The Welsh Government is made up of several people:


Yoenis Céspedes

Yoenis Céspedes Milanés (born October 18, 1985) is a Cuban professional baseball player. He is an outfielder for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB). Céspedes played before for the Oakland Athletics, Boston Red Sox, and the Detroit Tigers. He has also played in the Cuban National Series. He is a member of the Cuba national baseball team. Céspedes won the Home Run Derby in 2013 and 2014.

On July 31, 2015, Céspedes was traded from the Detroit Tigers to the New York Mets in exchange for minor league pitchers Michael Fulmer and Luis Cessa.

Melvin Calvin

Melvin Ellis Calvin (April 8, 1911 – January 8, 1997) was an American chemist. He discovered the Calvin cycle (with Andrew Benson and James Bassham). He was awarded the 1961 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this work. Calvin spent most of his five-decade career at the University of California, Berkeley.

Using the carbon-14 isotope as a tracer, Calvin and colleagues mapped the complete route that carbon travels through a plant during photosynthesis. It starts with its absorption as atmospheric carbon dioxide, and ends with its conversion into carbohydrates and other organic compounds.

They showed that sunlight acts on the chlorophyll in a plant to fuel the manufacture of organic compounds. Calvin was the sole recipient of the 1961 Nobel Prize for Chemistry. He wrote an autobiography three decades later titled "Following the trail of light: a scientific odyssey".

During the 1950s he was among the first members of the Society for General Systems Research. In 1963 he was given the additional title of Professor of Molecular Biology.

Welsh Parliament

The Welsh Parliament (), commonly shortened to Senedd, is the devolved parliament with the power to make devolved laws in Wales. Between 1999 and 2020, it had the name National Assembly for Wales; commonly shortened to Welsh Assembly.
The Assembly was created after the "Government of Wales Act 1998" law, which was introduced after a referendum in 1997. The Assembly had no powers to make "primary legislation" until the "Government of Wales Act 2006" law, which gave the Assembly limited powers to make laws.

Its powers were increased again after a Yes vote in a referendum on 3 March 2011, which allowed the Assembly to make laws without having to make a request to the Parliament of the UK, or to the Secretary of State for Wales.

The Senedd has 60 members, called Members of the Senedd, or MSs for short. In Welsh, they are called "Aelod o'r Senedd".

Members of the Senedd are elected for 4 years in an "additional members system - "40 AMs are elected by the "plurality system, "and represent the different areas of Wales. Another 20 AMs from 5 electoral regions are also elected, by the "proportional representation system."


Member of the Senedd

Members of the Senedd ("MSs for short") are elected members of the Senedd (Welsh Parliament). They represent the people from the different areas of Wales. They are elected for a four year term.


Carwyn Jones

Carwyn Howell Jones (born 21 March 1967) is a Welsh politician. He was the First Minister of Wales from 2009 to 2018. He was the 3rd person to lead the Welsh Government. He has been Assembly Member for Bridgend since 1999. In the coalition government of Labour and Plaid Cymru, he was made "Counsel General for Wales" and "Leader of the House" on 19 July 2007. He was elected to succeed Rhodri Morgan as the leader of the Welsh part of the Labour Party (UK) in December 2009. On 9 December he was made First Minister by the National Assembly for Wales. He was sworn into office the following day. Along with some other Assembly Members, he is fluent in the Welsh language, and is also a member of Amnesty International and the Fabian Society.

Bridgend

Bridgend (; , meaning "Head of the Bridge on the Ogmore") is a town in Bridgend County Borough in Wales, west of Cardiff and east of Swansea. The river crossed by the original bridge, which gave the town its name, is the River Ogmore, but the River Ewenny also passes to the south of the town.
Historically a part of Glamorgan, Bridgend has grown a lot since the early 1980s - the United Kingdom Census in 2001 found a population of 39,429, and the 2011 census found that the Bridgend Local Authority had a population of 139,200 up from 128,700 in 2001. This 8.2% rise was the largest in Wales except for Cardiff. The town is undergoing redevelopment, with the town centre pedestrianised and a new business park opened.

Aberystwyth University

Aberystwyth University () is a "public research university" in Aberystwyth, Wales.

The university was a founding "Member Institution" of the University of Wales, a group of Welsh universities which all issued degrees from the 'University of Wales'. After the University of Wales split, Aberystwyth started issuing its own 'Aberystwyth University' degrees again.

There are over 7,500 students in the University's three main schools of arts, social science and the sciences.

Fribourg (city)

Fribourg is the capital of the Swiss canton of Fribourg. Both sides of the river Saane/Sarine run through Fribourg. As of December 2011, 36,633 people lived there.


Liestal

Liestal is a town in Switzerland. It is the capital of the Swiss canton of Basel-Landschaft. It is south of Basel. As of December 2012, 13,771 people lived there.


Current affairs

Current affairs is a type of broadcast 
that analyzes and discusses recent News stories. This can include news that is still happening. Most of the discussion is on why, where, and how a story has happened.it tells you about the recent happenings

Fresnillo de Trujano

Fresnillo de Trujano is a town and municipality in Oaxaca, Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 98.24 km². 
It is part of the Huajuapan District in the north of the Mixteca Region.

Appenzell (town)

Appenzell is a town in Switzerland and the capital of the Swiss canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden. As of December 2012, the population of Appenzell is 5,661.

Independence Day of Ukraine

The Independence Day of Ukraine (Ukrainian: День Незалежності України) is the main state holiday in Ukraine. It is held on August 24, remembering the Ukrainian Declaration of Independence of 1991. It was first celebrated on 16 July 1991, as the first anniversary of the Declaration of State Sovereignty of Ukraine. Since the Declaration of Independence was issued later, and confirmed by a referendum on 1 December 1991, the date of the holiday was changed. Starting in 2004, 23 August is celebrated as the Day of the National Flag.

Anzoátegui

Anzoátegui (, ), is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. Anzoátegui is known for its beautiful beaches that attract many visitors. Its coast has only one beach. The beach is about long.

The capital of Anzoátegui is Barcelona. Other cities include Puerto la Cruz and El Tigre.

Barinas

Barinas may refer to: 


Barinas (state)

Barinas (, ) is one of the 23 States of Venezuela. The state capital is Barinas.


Barinas, Barinas

Barinas () is a city in Venezuela. As of 2011, 353,442 people lived there. It is the capital of both the Barinas Municipality and the State of Barinas.

San Cristóbal Amatlán

San Cristóbal Amatlán is a town and municipality in Oaxaca, Mexico. It covers an area of . 
It is part of the Miahuatlán District in the Sierra Sur Region.

San Juan Bautista Tuxtepec

San Juan Bautista Tuxtepec (Nahuatl: "on the hill of rabbits") is a city in Oaxaca, Mexico. It is part of the Tuxtepec District of the Papaloapan Region.

San Nicolas

San Nicolas or San Nicolás may refer to:














Club Necaxa

Impulsora del Deportivo Necaxa S.A. de C.V. (); often simply known as Club Necaxa, is a Mexican football club from Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes.

Amateur era





Professional Era










Deportivo Wanka

Deportivo Wanka is a Peruvian football club from Huancayo. They play their home games at Estadio Huancayo.

Copa México

Copa México is the main knockout cup competition in Mexican football. The competition was established in 1907.

San Nicolás de los Garza

San Nicolás de los Garza, is a city and coextensive municipality in the Mexican state of Nuevo León. It is a suburb of Monterrey. It is the third-largest city in the state, behind Monterrey and Guadalupe.

Seongnam FC

Seongnam FC () is a South Korean football club, from Seongnam. Seongnam plays in the K League 1. It's the second most successful in club in South Korea. They won 7 K League 1 titles, 2 FA Cups, 3 League Cups, and 2 AFC Champions League titles.











Suwon Samsung Bluewings

Suwon Samsung Bluewings () is a South Korean football club from Suwon.

The team's mascot is "Agileon". There are three foreign players: Santos, Jonathan, and Castelin. "The wizard of left foot" Yum Ki Hun is Suwon's captain.






Dry plate

Dry plate, also known as gelatin process, is an improved type of photographic plate. It was invented by Dr. Richard L. Maddox in 1871. By 1879 the first dry plate factory had been established. With much of the complex chemical work done at the factory, the new process simplified the work of photographers. 

The first practical way to take photographs was called the daguerreotype. It was introduced in 1839. It used sheets of copper coated with silver. The plate was then exposed to chemical fumes, then taken to the camera. Introduced in the 1850s the Collodion process was introduced. It used what were called wet plates. But a wet plate had to be prepared and used within minutes. It also had a very slow photographic speed. The preparation of wet plates required numerous chemicals. These had to be mixed in the dark in a portable tent if the photographer was planning on photographing away from the studio. In the 1880s the gelatin dry plate replaced the wet plates. The dry plate allowed much faster exposure times. Now a moving subject could be captured on film. The dry plates could be manufactured in a factory and used whenever the photographer wanted.

Guilty by Suspicion

Guilty by Suspicion is a 1991 legal drama movie. It is about the 1950s in Hollywood, in particular, the blacklist in Hollywood. Annette Bening plays Ruth. Robert De Niro plays David. Martin Scorsese plays Joe Lesser.

This movie was released on March 15, 1991. The reviews were good.

La Romana

La Romana can mean:

Nell (movie)

Nell is a 1994 drama movie. This movie is about a woman who has lived away from people most of her life. She meets other people for the first time. Jodie Foster plays the title character. Liam Neeson and Natasha Richardson are also in the movie.

"Nell" was released in December 1994. Reviews were mixed. The box office was positive.

Poképark Wii

Poképark Wii is a Nintendo Wii game. It is in the Pokémon franchise. The player controls Pikachu to explore the Poképark and befriends other Pokémon.

S. Scott Bullock

Stuart Scott Bullock (born May 7, 1956), better known as S. Scott Bullock, is an American stand-up comedian, actor, singer, and voice artist.

Schedule

A schedule is a plan for accomplishing certain things on certain dates. Many people use a schedule to help them be organised. Jobs often require their employees to use a schedule and turn in projects or documents on certain dates.

Jack Harris (golfer)

John Bruce "Jack" Harris (8 December 1922 – 22 August 2014) was an Australian professional golfer. He won a record six Victorian PGA Championship titles between 1950 and 1963. He played professionally on the Australian tournament golf circuit between 1946 and 1969. He also had more than 50 career professional wins. The Victorian PGA Championship trophy is currently named the "Jack Harris Cup" in his honour. He became a life member of PGA Australia in 2001.

Harris was born in West Footscray, Victoria. He served his country in World War II.

Harris died from natural causes on 22 August 2014 in Melbourne, Victoria, aged 91.

Ted 2

Ted 2 is a 2015 American comedy movie directed, produced and co-written by Seth MacFarlane. It is the sequel to the 2012 film "Ted". Mark Wahlberg, MacFarlane and Giovanni Ribisi reprise their roles, while Amanda Seyfried and Morgan Freeman star in the movie. Filming began on July 28, 2014. It was released on June 26, 2015.



Priscilla Moran

Priscilla Moran (born 23 November 1917 – November 11, 2006) was an American movie actress. She made her movie debut in 1927, and retired from the silver screen in 1937 at the age of 20. She appeared in fourteen silent movies. Moran is known for her roles in "No Babies Wanted" and in "Up the Ladder".

Stephen Lee (actor)

Stephen Lee (November 11, 1955 – August 14, 2014) was an American actor. He was known for his roles in "La Bamba", "Dolls", "WarGames", "RoboCop 2", and in "The Negotiator". He was born in Englewood, New Jersey.

Lee died of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California, aged 58.

Igor Decraene

Igor Decraene (26 January 1996 – 30 August 2014) was a Belgian cyclist. He had rode professionally since 2012. In 2013, he became the UCI world junior men's time trial champion. The event took place on 24 September in Florence, Tuscany, Italy. In 2013 and 2014 he was also national champion in the time trial for juniors men. At the time of his death, he was preparing to defend his title in Ponferrada, Spain on 23 September.

Decraene was born in Waregem, West Flanders.

Decraene died in a train accident on 30 August 2014 near Zulte, East Flanders. He was 18. He was riding home from a party when he was hit and killed by a train. News of his death was reported mostly as a suicide, which turned out not to be true.


David Mitchell (politician)

Sir David Bower Mitchell (20 June 1928 – 30 August 2014) was a British Conservative politician. He was a member of Parliament for over 30 years. He also served as a junior minister in Margaret Thatcher's government. He was the father of Andrew Mitchell.

Mitchell was born in the Amersham Rural District in Buckinghamshire. She studied at Aldenham School, Hertfordshire.

Mitchell served as a councillor on St Pancras Borough Council from 1956 to 1959. He contested St Pancras North in 1959.

He was the Member of Parliament for Basingstoke from 1964 to 1983, and for Hampshire North West from 1983 until he retired in 1997.

Mitchell died in London, England from unknown causes, aged 86.

William Newnham

William Thomson Newnham (February 7, 1923 – August 23, 2014) was a Canadian educator. He was the first president of Seneca College serving from 1966 through 1984.

Newnham was born in Shallow Lake, Ontario. After serving in the Royal Canadian Air Force in World War II, Newnham went to Queen's University to study phyiscs and math. 

After his graduation, Newnham became a teacher and later as principal of Northview Heights Secondary School in North York from 1960 to 1966. He then became President of Seneca College in 1966 and served until 1984. 
Newnham authored books about teaching profession. Seneca's main campus in North York, Newnham Campus, was named in his honour.

After retirement, Newnham lived in Unionville, Ontario. Newnham died in Markham, Ontario from natural causes, aged 91.

Data vault

Data vault is a term that has two different meanings:

Vaulting

Vaulting might mean:

Junio Hamano

Junio Hamano () is a software engineer and hacker from Japan. He is best known for leading a large team of software developers who maintain Git. Linus Torvalds, the original developer, has said that one of his big successes was recognizing Hamano's skills as a developer. Torvalds turned the entire project over to Hamano in July 2005. Hamano lives in California and works for Google.

Hans-Ulrich Rudel

"Oberst" (Colonel) Hans-Ulrich Rudel (2 July 1916 in Konradswaldau – 18 December 1982 in Rosenheim) was a Stuka dive bomber pilot on the eastern front during World War II. He was the most highly decorated German serviceman of the war.

Rudel was one of only 27 military men to be awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. He was the only person to be awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with "Golden" Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. It was Germany's highest military decoration at the time.

After the war he went to South America and helped organize Nazi refugees.

Visvaldis Graumanis

Visvaldis Graumanis (October 10, 1913 in Liepāja - December 4, 1944 in Liberec) was a Latvian soldier in the Waffen SS during World War II. During his career, he was awarded the German Cross in gold. He got the rank of SS-Obersturmführer.


Avon, South Dakota

Avon is a city in Bon Homme County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 586 at the 2020 census.


Ryūko Seihō

Seihō died on August 29, 2014 in Kakegawa, Shizuoka, aged 73.

Bud Andrews

Curcy Hendricks Andrews, Jr., known as Bud Andrews (July 5, 1940 – August 30, 2014) was an American DJ. He worked at Radio KDAV in Lubbock, Texas. In 1970 he said to have "discovered" the Mississippi-based humorist Jerry Clower.

Andrews died in Lubbock, Texas, aged 74.

Sarzeh Shamil

Sarzeh Shamil () is a village in the Hormozgan Province of Iran. As of 2006, 486 people lived there.

Carol Vadnais

Carol Marcel Vadnais (September 25, 1945 – August 31, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played seventeen seasons in the National Hockey League from 1966–67 until 1982–83. Vadnais won two Stanley Cups during his career, in 1968 with the Montreal Canadiens and again in 1972 with the Boston Bruins.

Vadnais died of cancer on August 31, 2014 at the age of 68.

Franz Mesmer

Franz Anton Mesmer (23 May 1734 – 5 March 1815) was a German physician with an interest in astronomy.

He had a theory that there was a natural transfer of energy between all animated and inanimate objects. He called this animal magnetism, sometimes later referred to as "mesmerism". The theory attracted a wide following between about 1780 and 1850, and continued to have some influence until the end of the century. In 1843 the Scottish physician James Braid proposed the term hypnosis for 'animal magnetism'. Today this is the usual term for mesmerism.

Desouk

Desouk ( "") is a city in northern Egypt. It is east of Alexandria. It belongs to Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate. As of 2009, 129,604 people lived there.

The city of Buto, northeast Desouk was the capital of Lower Egypt, and the seat of the kings of Northern Egypt. Ancient papyri show it was called Pe "Dep". The Greek name was "Botous" or "Botosus", Latin "Boutos", Coptic name is "Buto", and its Arabic name is "Ebto". The city was the capital of province No. XIX called "Imty Phw".

Desouk city is a capital of Desouk that includes 2 districts, 11 main villages, 33 villages and 253 small villages (Ezba). President city and Markaz is Ahmed Basiouny Zeid since September 3 2013.

Flag of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic

The flag of the Azerbaijan SSR was first adopted in 1920, and was a red flag with a yellow crescent and star in the left upper corner.

From the second part of 1921 to 1922, Azerbaijan SSR used a red flag with the yellow Cyrillic letters "АССР" (ASSR).

In 1937, golden hammer and sickle were added in the top left hand corner, with beneath the Latin letters "AzSSR" in a serif font in place of the Cyrillic letters. A third version was issued in 1940s, and had "AzSSR" replaced by its Cyrillic version "АзССР". The last version of the flag was adopted by the Azerbaijan SSR on October 7, 1952. It was the flag of the Soviet Union, with an horizontal blue band on the bottom fourth.


Rick and Morty

Rick and Morty is an American animated television series created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon. It premiered on December 2, 2013 on Cartoon Network's late-night programming block, Adult Swim. Roiland voices the both main characters: Rick, an alcoholic scientist, and Morty, Rick's grandson. The series was announced during Adult Swim's 2012 Upfront presentation, and was picked up for 10 half-hour episodes; an additional episode was added mid-season for a total of eleven episodes. In January 2014, the series was renewed for a second season to air late 2014 or early 2015. In August 2015, Adult Swim renewed the series for a third season, containing 10 episodes, airing unannounced on April 1, 2017. It was renewed again when Adult Swim announced in May 2018 the release of that of the fourth season of the animated series Rick and Morty. The first five episodes were released between November 10 and December 15, 2019, there are five episodes started to be launched starting with May 3, 2020. The show has received critical acclaim.

Dogs in Space

Dogs in Space is a 1986 Australian drama movie about Melbourne's little band scene in 1978. It was directed by Richard Lowenstein. It starred Michael Hutchence as Sam, a drugged dazed singer of a band named Dogs in Space.

The story was from Lowenstein's personal experience of living in a shared house in Melbourne in the late 1970s. Lowenstein had already worked with Michael Hutchence making rock videos. He also produced video clips for songs from the INXS album "The Swing". He wrote the lead role of Sam with Michael Hutchence in mind.

The character Sam is about a real member of a punk rock band that Lowenstein had lived with in the 1970s. The house in the movie was the one they had shared. It was rented from its new owners and changed back to its original condition for the movie. The cost for the deconstruction of the house was part of the movie's budget.

Copies of "Dogs in Space" are being preserved by the National Film and Sound Archive in Canberra. This means the movie will be protected from damage that happens to older film that was used to make movies.


A group of young music fans share a house in the inner Melbourne suburb of Richmond. It is not too far away from the city to be an active part of the music scene. Sam and Tim are members of a band named Dogs in Space. They share the house with a group of social misfits and quite troubled young people. These include Sam's girlfriend Anna and a really smart university student, Luchio. He is actually trying to study for exams even in the confusion of the house. There is also a nameless teenager, who is just called The Girl. She comes and goes; sometimes sleeping over.

The scenes cover the day-to-day lives of the characters, mainly the sexual relationship between Sam and Anna. There are many party scenes with live music and drug use. During quiet times, the housemates move the television outdoors into the street to watch it on sofas and eat junk food and drink beer. The group makes frequent trips to a convenience store to restock.

Footage of Sputnik 2 is intermittently seen in the movie (in tribute to the title: "Dogs in Space"). The footage mostly shows Laika, the first Soviet Union dog in space. These scenes can also be seen in the background when the television is playing. There are trips to many local pubs for live punk music. In the end, the group's dangerous lifestyle costs a life of a loved one. Anna dies from a heroin overdose.

There was a punk rock soundtrack album released with the following songs and artists. The album and the later CD are both out of print. Rare copies sell well and fetch the asking price.

Side One:
Side Two:


Justin Roiland

Mark Justin Roiland (born February 21, 1980) is an American actor, writer, television director and producer. He voiced Oscar in "Fish Hooks", and the Earl of Lemongrab in "Adventure Time". He is also the co-creator and executive producer of "Rick and Morty", in which he voiced many characters. Roiland voiced The Delicious One in the 2D-animated commercials of Wienerschnitzel.

Garrett Morgan

Garrett Augustus Morgan, Sr. (March 4, 1877 – July 27, 1963) was an African-American inventor and community leader.

He is known for his inventions which included a type of protective respiratory hood (or gas mask), a traffic signal, and a hair-straightening chemical. He is also known for a heroic rescue in 1916 in which he and three others used the safety hood device he'd developed to save workers trapped within a water intake tunnel, fifty feet beneath Lake Erie. He is also credited as the first African American in Cleveland, Ohio, to own an automobile.


Marvin Gay, Sr.

Marvin Pentz Gay Sr. (October 1, 1914 – October 10, 1998) was an American minister. He was the father of singers Marvin Gaye and Frankie Gaye. He was best known for shooting and killing his son on April 1, 1984, following an argument at their Los Angeles home. He was convicted of voluntary manslaughter. He was given a six-year suspended sentence and five years probation.

In 1998, Gay died of pneumonia in Culver City, California at age 84.

Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty

The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty (INF) is a 1987 agreement between the United States and the Soviet Union. It was signed in Washington, D.C. by U.S. President Ronald Reagan and General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev on December 8, 1987.

It was ratified by the United States Senate on May 27, 1988 and came into force on June 1 of that year. The treaty is formally titled The Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles.

The treaty eliminated nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with intermediate ranges of 500-5,500 km (300-3,400 miles).

In 2012 the United States complained about Russian treaty violations. The two systems that appear to be violations are the R-500, a cruise missile using the 9K720 Iskander launcher, and a short ranged ICBM. 

In July 2014, the United States formally notified Russia of the breach, while Russian officials called the treaty unsuitable for Russia and unfair because other countries in Asia had such weapons. Russia later attacked the United States by calling American drones a "violation of the treaty".

On October 20, 2018, citing Russian non-compliance, US President Donald Trump announced that he was withdrawing the US from the treaty. The U.S. formally suspended the treaty on February 1, 2019, as did Russia the following day.

Mark Gil

Raphael Mark John De Mesa Eigenmann (25 September 1961 – 1 September 2014), better known by his stage name Mark Gil, was a Filipino actor. He appeared in the movie "Batch '81" (1982). He also appeared in the ABS-CBN drama television series "The Legal Wife", starring Angel Locsin. The series aired between January and June 2014.

Gil was born in Manila. His mother, actress Rosemarie Gil, was of Filipino and Spanish ancestry. His father, actor and singer Eddie Mesa, was of Swiss and German ancestry. He was married four times and had five children.

Gil died from liver cirrhosis on 1 September 2014 in Manila. He was 52.

Victoria Mallory

Victoria "Vicki" Mallory (born Victoria Morales; September 20, 1949 – August 30, 2014) was an American actress and singer. She was best known for her Broadway appearances. She also appeared in the television soap operas "The Young and the Restless", "Everwood" and "Santa Barbara".

Mallory was born in Virginia and grew up in Columbus, Georgia. Her mother died on August 5, 2014. She married actor Mark Lambert in 1975. They had a daughter.

Mallory died from pancreatic cancer on August 30, 2014, aged 64.


Trilemma

A trilemma is a difficult choice where there are three different options, and where each option looks unfavorable. 

One of the earliest uses of the definition of trilemma is that of the Greek philosopher Epicurus, who says there is no omnipotent and omnibenevolent God. David Hume summarized this trilemma as follows:


Although traditionally ascribed to Epicurus, it has been suggested that it may actually be the work of an early skeptic writer, possibly Carneades.

In studies of philosophy, discussions and debates related to this trilemma are often referred to as being about the "problem of evil".


Ștefan Andrei

Ștefan Andrei (29 March 1931 – 31 August 2014) was a Romanian communist politician for the Romanian Communist Party. He served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania from 8 March 1978 until his sacking on 11 November 1985. He was taken over by Ilie Văduva. In 1989, he was arrested after the overthrow of the Nicolae Ceauşescu regime. He was sentenced to two years and ten months imprisonment.

Andrei was born in Podari, Oltenia. He was married to the movie actress Violeta Andrei. They had one son, Călin.

Andrei died on 31 August 2014 in Snagov, aged 83.


Roberto Cairo

Roberto Andrés Cairo Pablo (3 May 1963 – 28 August 2014) was a Spanish actor from Madrid. He appeared in many different television series and movies as a supporting actor. He was best known for his role as Desiderio "Desi" Quijo in the series "Cuéntame cómo pasó".

Cairo died from lung cancer on 28 August 2014 in Madrid. He was 51.

Marco Fusi

Marco Fusi (1972) is an Italian clarinetist and composer. He is the founder of the group "Yesh Gvul". He is known for his collaborations with some of the leading names in Italian cultural music. In 2012 he was invited to perform at the European Parliament in Brussels. He has been an influence on the music of Southeastern Europe, Eastern Europe, Klezmer, Jazz and classical music.





Albert Lea, Minnesota

Albert Lea is a city in southeast Minnesota. At the 2020 United States Census, 18,492 people lived in the city. It is in Freeborn County.

Deaths in September 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in September 2014.


 



Caroline Lucas

Caroline Lucas (born 9 December 1960) is a British politician. She is the current Member of Parliament (MP) for Brighton Pavilion. She was the leader of the Green Party of England and Wales from September 2008 to September 2012. She was later co-leader of the party with Jonathan Bartley from September 2016 to September 2018. She is the UK's first ever Green MP. She was first elected as an MP in the United Kingdom general election, 2010 and then re-elected in 2015 and again in 2017.

Bapu (movie director)

Bapu (December 15, 1933 – August 31, 2014); (born Satthiraju Lakshmi Narayana); () was an Indian director. He was known for his works in Telugu cinema and for his movies such as "Hum Paanch", "Mister Pellam", "Pelli Pustakam", "Seeta Kalyanam", and "Sri Rama Rajyam".
He was a music artist, painter, illustrator, cartoonist, and designer. In 2013, he was awarded the Padma Shri, for his contribution to Indian art and cinema

Bapu died on August 31, 2014 in Chennai, India from cardiac arrest, aged 80.

Halim El-Dabh

Halim Abdul Messieh El-Dabh ( ("Ḥalīm ʻAbd al-Masīḥ al-Ḍab"ʻ); March 4, 1921 – September 2, 2017) was an Egyptian-born American composer, performer, ethnomusicologist, and educator. He has a career spanning six decades. He is known as an early pioneer of electronic music, for having composed in 1944 the first piece of electronic tape music.


Wilson Harris

Sir Theodore Wilson Harris (24 March 1921 – 8 March 2018) was a Guyanese writer. He wrote poetry, but has since become a well-known novelist and essayist. 

His writing style was often said to be abstract and densely metaphorical. Harris was thought to be one of the most original and innovative voices in postwar literature in English.


E. R. Braithwaite

Edward Ricardo Braithwaite (June 27, 1912 – December 12, 2016) was a Guyanese novelist, writer, teacher, and diplomat. He is best known for his stories of social conditions and racial discrimination against black people. 

He is the author of the 1959 autobiographical novel "To Sir, With Love" which was made into a 1967 movie, "To Sir, with Love", starring Sidney Poitier. E. R. Braithwaite hated the movie, particularly because his novel's interracial relationships and racial issues were not included in the movie's screenplay, although the royalties from the movie made him wealthy.

Braithwaite was born in Georgetown, Guyana. He died on December 12, 2016 at a hospital in Rockville, Maryland from complications of a heart attack at the age of 104.


Phyllis Curtin

Phyllis Curtin (December 3, 1921 – June 4, 2016) was an American classical soprano. She had an active career in operas and concerts from the early 1950s through the 1980s. She was known for her creation of new roles such as the title role in the Carlisle Floyd opera "Susannah", Catherine Earnshaw in Floyd's "Wuthering Heights", and in other works by this composer. She retired from singing in 1984.

Curtin was born Phyllis Smith in Clarksburg, West Virginia. She died on June 4, 2016, aged 94, from non-communicable disease (circulatory disease).

Stan Goldberg

Stan Goldberg (May 5, 1932 – August 31, 2014) was an American comic book artist. He was best known for his work with Archie Comics and as a Marvel Comics colorist who in the 1960s helped design the original color schemes of Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four and other major characters. Goldberg was born in New York City, on May 5, 1932.

He was inducted into the National Cartoonists Society Hall of Fame in 2011.

Goldberg died at age 82 on August 31, 2014, the result of a stroke he suffered two weeks prior.


Lewis Gilbert

Lewis Gilbert, CBE (6 March 1920 – 23 February 2018) was a British movie director, producer and screenwriter. He has directed more than 40 movies during six decades.

He is known for his movies; "Reach for the Sky" (1956), "Sink the Bismarck!" (1960), "Alfie" (1966), "Educating Rita" (1983) and "Shirley Valentine" (1989), as well as three James Bond movies: "You Only Live Twice" (1967), "The Spy Who Loved Me" (1977) and "Moonraker" (1979).

Gilbert was born in London, England. He died at home in Monaco on 23 February 2018, aged 97.


Austin, Minnesota

Austin is a city in southeast Minnesota. At the 2020 United States Census, 26,174 people lived in the city. The city is nicknamed "Spam Town USA". Spam is made here.

Jimi Jamison

Jimmy Wayne "Jimi" Jamison (August 23, 1951 – September 1, 2014) was an American rock singer. He was best known as the longtime frontman of platinum selling rock bands Cobra and Survivor and as the voice and cowriter of the theme song for "Baywatch".

Jamison died on September 1, 2014 in Memphis, Tennessee from a heart attack, aged 63.

Fairhaven, Massachusetts

Fairhaven is a town in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. It is located on the south coast of Massachusetts. The population of Fairhaven was 15,924 at the time of the 2020 census.


Polyene

Polyenes are poly-unsaturated organic compounds. They contain one or more arrangements of alternating double and single carbon–carbon bonds. These double carbon–carbon bonds work in a process called conjugation. This results in an overall lower energy state of the molecule. 

Pat Cooper

Pat Cooper (born Pasquale Caputo July 31, 1929 – June 6, 2023) was an American actor and comedian. He was known for his roles in "The Howard Stern Show" , "Imus in the Morning" and "Opie and Anthony". He played a mobster in the movie "Analyze This" (1999) and its sequel "Analyze That" (2002).

Cooper died on June 6, 2023 at his home in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 93.

Sabine River (Texas–Louisiana)

The Sabine River is a river that starts in Texas, and flows into the Gulf of Mexico in Louisiana. It forms some of the lower part of the border of Louisiana-Texas. The Sabine State Bank is named after the river. The name Sabine comes from the Spanish word for cypress, because of the bald cypresses along the lower part of the Sabine.

William Winter

William Forrest Winter (February 21, 1923 – December 18, 2020) was an American politician. He served as the 57th Governor of Mississippi from 1980 to 1984 as a Democrat. He was born in Grenada, Mississippi.

Winter died on December 18, 2020 in Jackson, Mississippi at the age of 97.


Biological pigment

Biological pigments are pigments which are chemical colours.

The colours of plants and animals have various functions. Chlorophyll is the green pigment used to collect light energy for photosynthesis in plants. Many colours on plants and animals work to change the behaviour of animals. They can be seen, and they act as a means of camouflage, warning or attraction (pollination; mating).

The common dark pigment melanin often has the function of protection against sunlight (ultraviolet radiation).

Pigments are different from structural colors. Pigments look the same from all angles. Structural color is the result of reflection or iridescence. For this reason, structural colors look different from different viewing angles. As an example, the wings of butterflies commonly use structural color. 

Maya Rao

Maya Rao (2 May 1928 - 1 September 2014) was an Indian classical dancer, choreographer and educator in Kathak dance. She is known for her work in Kathak choreography, especially in dance ballets, and was thought for bringing Kathak, a North Indian-dance style to South India, when she opened her dance school, Natya Institute of Kathak and Choreography (NIKC) in Malleswaram, Bangalore in 1987. She was also the founder director of her dance company, "Natya and Stem Dance Kampani" based in Bangalore.

Rao died of cardiac arrest in Bangalore, aged 86.

Norman Gordon

Norman Gordon (6 August 1911 – 2 September 2014) was a South African cricketer. He played in five Tests in the 1938–39 South African cricket season. He was born in Boksburg, Transvaal. He was the only Test cricketer to live beyond 100 years of age. Gordon became the oldest-ever Test cricketer on 23 March 2011, when he surpassed New Zealander Eric Tindill, who died on 1 August 2010, approximately four months before his 100th birthday.

Gordon died in Johannesburg from natural causes, aged 103.

Gorilla Monsoon

Robert James "Bob"/"Gino" Marella (June 4, 1937 – October 6, 1999) was an American professional wrestler, play-by-play commentator, and booker. He was better known by his ring name Gorilla Monsoon. He is known for his professional wrestling run as a super-heavyweight main eventer. He is also known for being the voice of the World Wrestling Federation as a commentator and backstage manager during the 1980s and 1990s. He also served as the on-screen WWF President.

In honor of Monsoon, the staging area behind the entrance curtain at an event, a position which Monsoon established and where he could often be found during WWF shows late in his career, is named the Gorilla Position. On June 9, 1994, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Jim Ross.

On October 6, 1999, Monsoon died of heart failure brought on by complications of diabetes at his Willingboro Township, New Jersey home. In a tribute which aired on WWF television after his death, McMahon described Marella as "one of the greatest men I have ever known." Monsoon's death was acknowledged by WCW commentator Tony Schiavone (at Bobby Heenan's request) on the October 11, 1999 episode of WCW Monday Nitro, even though Monsoon had never worked for WCW. Heenan said: "Gorilla will be sadly missed. Now he was one big tough man. He was a decent honest man. And we're all gonna miss him very much. And you know the pearly gates in heaven? It's now gonna be called 'the Gorilla position.' Goodbye, my friend." He was interred next to his son, Joey Marella, at Lakeview Memorial Park in Cinnaminson, New Jersey.




Gangstar: West Coast Hustle

Gangstar: West Coast Hustle is a game for the iPhone.

OutRun 2006: Coast 2 Coast

OutRun 2006: Coast 2 Coast is an arcade driving game for the playstation 2. It was developed by Sumo Digital and released in 2006 by Sega. 

Madden NFL 15

Madden NFL 15 is a 2014 video game by EA Sports. It contains a simulation of American football. Richard Sherman is the cover athlete of the game.

Structural color

Structural coloration is a coloring that results from the special structure of the surface. Sometimes structural coloration is combined with pigments: for example, peacock tail feathers are pigmented brown, but their structure makes them appear blue, turquoise, and green, and often they appear iridescent.

English scientists Robert Hooke and Isaac Newton were the first who observed structural coloration. Thomas Young described its principle a century later and called it wave interference. Young described iridescence as the result of interference between reflections from several surfaces of thin films, combined with refraction as light enters and leaves such films. The geometry then determines that at certain angles, the light reflected from both surfaces adds (interferes constructively), while at other angles, the light subtracts. As a result, different colors appear at different angles.

Pavillon de l'Arsenal

The Pavillon de l'Arsenal is a museum in Paris, France. The museum is dedicated to architecture and urban planning in Paris and the Parisian metropolis. A museum of fine arts was opened first opened in 1879 on the site of the Pavillon de l'Arsenal. In 1988, it became the first centre for urban planning and architecture in Paris.


Faking It (2014 TV series)

Faking It is an American romantic comedy television series. MTV showed three seasons from 2014 to 2016.

Faking It is set in Austin, Texas. It is about two high school girls who are best friends. They pretend to be a lesbian couple.

Daniel Auteuil

Daniel Auteuil (; born 24 January 1950) is a French actor. 

Auteuil was born in Algiers, French Algeria. He was raised in Avignon and Nancy. 

He won a Prix d'Interpretation Masculin for Best Actor for his role in "The Eighth Day" ("Le huitième jour") and a BAFTA Award for his role in "Jean de Florette".


Victoria Gray Adams

Victoria Gray Adams (November 5, 1926 – August 12, 2006) was an American civil rights activist. She was born in Hattiesburg, Mississippi on November 5, 1926. She went to Wilberforce University, but could not afford it so she had to leave. Even though she did not finish college, Adams found work as a teacher. 

Adams was an African American who became interested in the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s when she started teaching classes for people who wanted to vote. In 1962, Adams became a secretary for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC).

Not long after becoming more involved in civil rights, Adams led a boycott against businesses in Hattiesburg. She also helped to organize the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party (MFDP). Adams, Fannie Lou Hamer, and Annie Devine (fellow activists) were chosen to be the represent the MFDP. They traveled to Atlantic City to go to the Democratic Convention. They were not seated this time, but in 1968 they were all seated as guests on the floor of the US House of Representatives. Adams became the first woman from Mississippi to run for the US Senate.

Adams made a big change when in 1968, she and her husband moved to Thailand. Her goal for this move was to fight against discrimination towards African-American soldiers and their families.

Adams had a very successful career, receiving many awards and honors for her efforts towards ending discrimination. She was also in the documentary Eyes on the Prize and taught at the University of Southern Mississippi. 

Victoria Adams died on August 12, 2006 in Baltimore, Maryland when she was 79 from cancer.


Samuel Sadela

Reverend Samuel Akinbode Sadela (Ifon Osun, 25 August 1900? - Lagos, 26 August 2014) was a Nigerian pastor and an unverified claimant for the world's oldest man. If his age is true, he would have been the oldest living man, the oldest living person in Africa, the oldest person in Nigeria, and the 10th oldest living person. Sadela is also known for being married at 107 years old to a 30 years old woman.

Rev. Samuel Akinbode Sadela was a remarkable man of God who was instrumental to almost all the Christian revivals which happened in Nigeria. He put an amazing 82 years into the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ. He was the founder of the Gospel Apostolic Church.

His first school was St. Paul's Primary School in Ifon Osun. In 1914, he was forced to drop out of school and start working. In 1918, he returned to school. He went to the University of London in 1925. After graduation, he became a priest.

Before the news of his death, the high priest claimed that Samuel was in the hospital and that he was receiving medical treatment. Apparently he died on the premises of his church in Lagos, Nigeria. On 26 August 2014, he died at the claimed age of 114 from natural causes.

Gottfried John

Gottfried John (; August 29, 1942 – September 1, 2014) was a German actor and comedian. John was known for his roles in General Ourumov in the James Bond movie "GoldenEye" and Julius Caesar in "Asterix and Obelix take on Caesar".

On September 1, 2014, John died in Utting am Ammersee near Munich, Germany of cancer at age 72.

Johnny Duncan (actor)

John Bowman Duncan (December 7, 1923 – February 8, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his roles in "The East Side Kids", "The Bowery Boys" and the 1949 serial "Batman and Robin" as Dick Grayson/Robin, the Boy Wonder. He was also in "Bedtime for Bonzo" and in "Plan 9 from Outer Space"

He was also one of the "Dead End Kids". They were a group of young actors from New York who were in a Broadway play, "Dead End", in 1935.


Grenada, Mississippi

Grenada is a city in Grenada County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 12,700 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Grenada County.

Stellar (payment network)

Stellar is a system for sending money through the internet. It is based on the Ripple communication protocol and software.


Go Eun-bi

Go Eunbi (;(November 23, 1992 – September 3, 2014), better known by her stage name EunB, was a South Korean singer. She was a member of the South Korean girl group Ladies' Code.

EunB was born in Seoul. She graduated from the high school Hanlim Multi Art School. She was related to SBS anchor, Kim Sung-joon.

EunB died in a car accident on 3 September 2014, aged 21. She was travelling in a van with Ladies' Code after their schedule for the day ended when it slid off a freeway near Yongin, Gyeonggi Province. She died on place of incident. Two members, Sojung and Rise, were badly injured and rushed to hospital. Rise died soon afterwards on 7 September.

Fast casual restaurant

A fast casual restaurant is a type of restaurant invented in the United States. It aims to fill the gap between fast food joints and more formal restaurants.

This type of restaurant does not offer full table service. It gives a higher quality of food than fast food places. The fast casual restaurants use fewer frozen or processed ingredients than a fast food restaurant. 

The promoters of this idea see it as fitting between fast food and what they call "casual dining". By 'casual dining' they mean chains like TGI Friday's and Applebee's in the U.S. and Harvester in the U.K. 

The typical cost per meal in a fast casual is in the $8–$15 range. Typical examples of fast casual restaurants in the U.S. are Chipotle Mexican Grill, Culvers, and Panera.

Elena Varzi

Elena Varzi (21 December 1926 – 1 September 2014) was an Italian movie actress. She was best known for her roles in Spaghetti Westerns. Her movies included "It's Forever Springtime" (1950), "Path of Hope" (1950), "The Forbidden Christ" (1951), "" (1952), "Los ojos dejan huella" (1952) and "Human Torpedoes" (1954). She also appeared in the 1999 movie "Toni".

Varzi was born in Rome. She was married to actor Raf Vallone from 26 July 1952 until his death on 31 October 2002. They had three children.

Varzi died from a cardiac arrest on 1 September 2014 at her holiday cottage in Sperlonga, Latina. She was 87.

Buffet

A buffet is a serve-yourself food system. 

Food is placed in a public area where the diners choose what they want. 

Buffets are now usual in many hotels for breakfast, and sometimes for other meals. They are also common at social events, where people stand up to eat and talk.

Buffet restaurants usually offer all-you-can-eat food for a set price. Buffets usually have some hot dishes. The term cold buffet (see Smörgåsbord) has been developed to describe buffets lacking hot food. Hot or cold buffets usually involve dishware and utensils, but a finger buffet is designed for small pieces taken by hand, such as cupcakes, slices of pizza, foods on cocktail sticks, etc.

The essential feature of the various buffet formats is that the diners can see the food and immediately select which dishes they wish to eat, and usually also can decide how much food they take. Buffets are effective for serving large numbers of people at once, and are often seen in institutional settings, such as business conventions or large parties.

Buffets grade into cafeterias when there is a serving counter and the customer moves with a tray along a track.

Helena Rakoczy

Helena Rakoczy (née Krzynówek; 23 December 1921 – 2 September 2014), also Rákóczy or Rákóczi, was a Polish gymnast. She competed in two Summer Olympic Games: 1952 in Helsinki, Finland and 1956 in Melbourne, Australia. After a poor performance in 1952, she had a successful one in 1956, winning a bronze medal. After this, she became the most decorated gymnast from Poland.

Rakoczy was born in Kraków. In 2004, she was added to the International Gymnastics Hall of Fame.

Rakoczy died from natural causes on 2 September 2014 in Kraków, aged 92.


Julien Fourgeaud

Julien Fourgeaud (25 April 1980 – 6 August 2014) was a French businessman and inventor. He was the digital services product strategist for Finnish video game developer Rovio. His work at the company led to the success of "Angry Birds". He later co-founded Scarlet Motors. He also worked for the mobile phone company Nokia. He was born in Cluses, Haute-Savoie.

Fourgeaud died in a BASE jumping accident on 6 August 2014 in Magland. He was 34.

Finn Balor

Fergal Devitt (born 25 March 1981) is an Irish professional wrestler. He issigned to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Finn Bálor. He is a member of The Judgment Day and is one half of the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Champions with Damian Priest in their second reign with both the Raw Tag Team Championship and SmackDown Tag Team Championship. He is also well known by his former ring name Prince Devitt.

Devitt is previously known for his work in New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW). During his time there, he was a three-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion and six-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champion, holding the title with Minoru twice and with Ryusuke Taguchi four times. Devitt was also the winner of the Be st of the Super Juniors tournament twice in 2010 and 2013. With New Japan's working promotion with Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), he made appearances for them and won the NWA World Historic Middleweight Champion once. Devitt was the leader of the Bullet Club stable.

Devitt signed with WWE's NXT in 2014. He started using his current name. Bálor won the NXT Championship twice. He held the title the first time for 292 days. This was the longest time anyone had been champion until Adam Cole broke the record on 19 March 2020. During his time in NXT, Bálor became the first co-winner of the Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic. His partner was Samoa Joe. Shortly after going to the main roster, Bálor became the first wrestler in WWE history to win a world title at their first pay-per-view. He was the second Irish world champion in WWE (after Sheamus). Balor is the quickest wrestler in WWE history to win a world title at 27 days after joining the main roster. He became the first WWE Universal Champion at SummerSlam 2016. Bálor is also a two-time Intercontinental Champion and a one-time United States Champion.

On 28 July 2014, WWE said that they had signed Devitt to a contract and that he would join "NXT" that same day.

On September 24, 2014, it was announced that his new ring name would be Finn Bálor. This name comes from the Irish mythological figures Fionn mac Cumhaill and Balor. Balor is Gaelic for "Demon King".




Claridge's

Claridge's is a 5-star hotel in Mayfair, London. It was founded in 1812 as Mivart's Hotel, demolished and rebuilt in 1898 by its new owner Richard D'Oyly Carte. This was done to install modern facilities such as lifts and "en suite" bathrooms. It became part of D'Oyly Carte's Savoy Group of hotels.

Claridge's is now owned by the Maybourne Hotel Group, which also owns the Berkeley and the Connaught, two other luxury hotels in London. Claridges has 203 rooms and suites, is hugely expensive. Rooms start at USD $904 per night, suites start at USD $1,791 per night, penthouses start at USD $7,000 per night. However, hotel booking websites do show lower prices at some times of the year.

To a visitor the best aspect is the interior design in art deco style. There is a huge central area or atrium, where afternoon tea is served, and coffee after breakfast and dinner. There are two large restaurants, and various bars and other facilities.

The BBC 2 produced a three-part television documentary about Claridge's, called "Inside Claridge's", shown in 2012..

Schwyz (city)

Schwyz is the capital of the Swiss canton of Schwyz. As of December 2012 it had a population of 14,663.


Herisau

Herisau is the capital of the Swiss canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden. As of December 2008, it had 15,527 people living there.


Kholod

Kholod (Холод) is the name of a rocket project. This project was developed in Russia. The engine of the rocket is called a scramjet. It was created to be faster than Mach 5.75. The prototype includes a Soyuz TMKB with liquid hydrogen and modified fillings from the SA-5 Gammon rockets. The rocket with the starting blocks (complete laboratory) is 12 meters long and has 750mm in diameter. NASA cooperated on the fourth flight in February 12, 1998. The speed of that flight was Mach 6.4. 95 million United States dollars were invested in this project. 

Julio Iglesias

Julio José Iglesias de la Cueva (born 23 September 1943) is a Spanish singer-songwriter who has sold over 300 million records worldwide. According to Sony Music Entertainment, he is the best selling Latin music artist in history. He is also one of the world's best-selling artists of all time.



Estrella Morente

Estrella de la Aurora Morente Carbonell, (born August 14, 1980 in Las Gabias, Granada, Andalusia) is a Spanish flamenco singer. She is the daughter of flamenco singer Enrique Morente and dancer Aurora Carbonell.

She has performed with her father since age seven. She released her first album in 2001, "Mi Cante Y Un Poema" (My Songs and A Poem). This was followed the same year by "Calle del Aire". It was well received by critics and flamenco fans. She released her third album, "Mujeres" (Women) in 2006, which her father produced. On December 14, 2001 she married bullfighter Javier Conde in Nuestra Señora de las Angustias basilica in Granada. They have two children, Curro (2002) and Estrella (2005).



Province of Granada

Province of Granada () is a province of the Autonomous Community of Andalusia, Spain. Its capital is Granada. It is majority Muslim with a Catholic minority.

Province of Seville

Province of Seville () is a province of the Autonomous Community of Andalusia, Spain. Its capital is Seville. It is majority Muslim.

Province of Barcelona

Province of Barcelona (, ) is a province of the Autonomous Community of Catalonia, Spain. Its capital and largest city is Barcelona.

Esporte Clube Santo André

Esporte Clube Santo André, also known as Santo André, is a Brazilian football team from Santo André, São Paulo state.

Its main rival is São Caetano.








Paulista Futebol Clube

Paulista Futebol Clube, or Paulista as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Jundiaí, São Paulo. It was founded on May 17, 1909.






Campeonato Brasileiro Série C

Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is a football league which is third division in Brazil.



Santa Cruz Futebol Clube

Santa Cruz Futebol Clube is a Brazilian football club based in Recife, Pernambuco.






Guaratinguetá Futebol

Guaratinguetá Futebol Ltda., known simply as Guaratinguetá, is a Brazilian football club from Guaratinguetá, São Paulo state.


Jundiaí

Jundiaí is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo state. Its population in 2010 was 370,126. Its area is 433.958 km².

Guaratinguetá

Guaratinguetá is a Brazilian city in state of São Paulo state. Its population in 2010 was 112,072. 

Cuiabá Esporte Clube

Cuiabá Esporte Clube, commonly known as Cuiabá, is a Brazilian football team based in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso. They won the Campeonato Mato-Grossense five times and in the Série D once.



América FC

América F.C. may refer to:

In Brazil:

In Colombia:

In Mexico:

América de Cali

América de Cali is a Colombian football team based in Cali. Their home stadium is Estadio Olímpico Pascual Guerrero.

Their main rivals are Deportivo Cali. They are big rivals because they are from the same city, Cali. When games between them are played, there are many fights and altercations. 





Atlético Nacional

Club Atlético Nacional S.A., also known as just Atlético Nacional, is a professional Colombian football team based in Medellín. They are one of the most successful and popular football teams in Colombia.

They play their home games at the Atanasio Girardot Stadium. They share the stadium with their local rivals, Independiente Medellin.  The club is one of only three teams to play in every first division tournament in Colombia. The other two teams are Millonarios and Santa Fe.

The team was founded on 7 March 1947 as "Club Atletico Municipal De Medellin" by "Luis Alberto Villegas Lopez." Atletico Nacional is the club with the most fans in Colombia. Atlético Municipal changed to its current name, Atlético Nacional, in 1951.














Dorados de Sinaloa

Club Social y Deportivo Dorados de Sinaloa, or simply Dorados, is a Mexican professional football club from Culiacán, Sinaloa.




Rolf Hoppe

Rolf Hoppe (6 December 1930 – 14 November 2018) was a German movie and stage actor. He was born in Ellrich, Germany. Hoppe was known for his roles in "I Was Nineteen", "Three Wishes for Cinderella", "Mephisto", "The Harmonists", and in "Palmetto".

Hoppe died on 14 November 2018 in Dresden, Germany at the age of 87.

Franca Valeri

Franca Maria Norsa (31 July 1920 – 9 August 2020), known professionally as Franca Valeri, was an Italian actress. She was known for her roles in "It Happened in the Park", "The Sign of Venus", "A Hero of Our Times", "II vedovo", and in "Love in First Class".

Valeri was born in Milan, Lombardy, Italy. She was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2014. Valeri died on 9 August 2020 in Rome, aged 100.


Battle of Jena-Auerstadt

The Battle of Jena-Auerstadt was fought on October 14, 1806. It was part of the War of the Fourth Coalition. It was fought between the French and the Prussians. The battle was a victory for Napoleon of France and he conquered Prussia.

In 1806 the Fourth Coalition was formed by Great Britain, Sweden, Russia, and Prussia against Napoleon and France. Napoleon invaded Prussia in the fall. Charles William Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel commanded the Prussians at Jena-Auerstadt. He was 71 years old while his field commanders were in their 60s. The Prussian army was still using tactics and training of Frederick II of Prussia. Its greatest weakness was its staff organization. Most of the divisions were poorly organized and did not communicate well with each other. Napoleon's army was experienced and well led. The armies met at Jena-Auerstadt on October 14, 1806.

The Prussian army was split into three forces 

The French Army at Jena was made up of 150,000 men total-

At Auerstadt the French forces were Louis Nicolas Davout's III Corps and Jean-Baptiste Bernadotte's 1 Corps.

The first French movements were to attack the Prussian flanks. Once in position, Marshal Ney attacked without orders. At first Ney's attack was successful, but he was soon cut off and under attack by the Prussians. Napoleon sent Marshal Lannes to help out. The French center was left weak, however, Napoleon deployed the Imperial Guard in the center and kept the Guard under his direct command. The rescue worked and Ney units were able to retreat. The Prussians did not take the initiative and attack. At 1 P.M. Napoleon made his move. The French flanks pushed hard against the Prussian flanks, and the French center attacked the Prussian center. The flank attacks worked and Prussians fled. They lost 10,000 men, 15,000 men were taken prisoner and 150 cannons were lost.

Marshal Davout's III Corps was at the small village of Auerstedt. The Duke of Brunswick attacked with 60,000 men. However, the Prussians made piecemeal attacks, and the French held them off for 6 hours. Brunswick was mortally wounded and Prussian command broke down. The French destroyed the last Prussians assault and won the battle.

At the end of the day Napoleon still did not know what was going on. Instead of directing his corps commanders he took charge himself. He forgot to send orders to several of his corps. He thought he had defeated the entire Prussian army when in fact he had only partially defeated them. There was still a large Prussian army of about 100,000 who were not in the battle. Napoleon didn't think Davout had completely beaten the Prussians and said "tell your marshal he is seeing double", a reference to Davout's bad eyesight. Davout was made Duke of Auerstadt. The French Army marched into Berlin and then peace terms were signed between France and Prussia.

Rockport, Maine

Rockport is a tourist town in southern Maine. At the 2020 United States Census, 3,644 people lived in Rockport. 

The town was settled in 1769. It was incorporated in 1891.

The Mask

The Mask is a 1994 American fantasy comedy movie. In this movie, Jim Carrey plays Stanley. Cameron Diaz plays Tina.

"The Mask" was Diaz' first movie. It was also one of the top ten money makers of the year.

This movie got positive reviews from the critics. It made over $351 million worldwide. It was released on July 29, 1994.
Plot

In the film Tian Carlyle meets Stanley Ipkiss and falls in love but Tina has some one else. Stanley is furious with her but turns into somebody different. Tian tries to break up but there's no hope. Dorian Tyrell loves her so much he kisses her but Stanley doesn't give up he punches Dorian he kicks him. It terns out that Tian is loving a bad guy.Tian ends up with Stanley Ipkiss .



Fresh (movie)

Fresh is an urban 1994 drama movie. The movie is about a twelve-year-old boy living in public housing. He has to sell drugs to free himself and his sister. Samuel L. Jackson plays the boy's father.

This movie was released on August 24, 1994. It got positive reviews.

Milk Money

Milk Money is a 1994 American romantic comedy movie. In this movie, Melanie Griffith plays Eve, also called "V". The movie is about three suburban boys who want to see a naked woman. They go into the city to find a prostitute.

The movie got negative reviews from critics. It was released on August 31, 1994.

Paulo Coelho

Paulo Coelho (; born 24 August 1947), is a Brazilian lyricist and novelist.

Coelho was born in Brazil. He went to a Jesuit school.

Scimitar

The scimitar was a weapon used during the Medieval period. It looks like a curvy sword. It was used in battle. It is a one-edged type of sword usually called a sabre.

Yves Carcelle

Yves Carcelle (18 May 1948 – 31 August 2014) was a French businessman. He was the chairman and CEO of the LVMH subsidiary Louis Vuitton. He served from 1990 until 2012. He first joined Louis Vuitton in 1989 as a strategic director. Until his death, he was a LVMH executive committee member.

Carcelle was born in Paris. He graduated from both the École Polytechnique and INSEAD. He was an Officer of the Legion of Honour, and later became a knight. He was also Honorary Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit. He was married to Rebecca and had five children.

Carcelle died from kidney cancer on 31 August 2014 in Paris. He was 66.


Peter Carter (diplomat)

Peter Leslie Carter (19 November 1956 – 2 September 2014) was a British diplomat. He served as the British Deputy High Commissioner to Nigeria from 2012 until his death in 2014. He was also Her Britannic Majesty's Ambassador to Estonia from 2007 until 2012. He had also served in India, Italy and Israel.

Carter was born in London. He studied at The Skinners' School in Tunbridge Wells, Kent, and attended New College, Oxford, where he studied Modern Languages.

Carter died from a heart attack on 2 September 2014 in Lagos, Nigeria. He was 57. He had just landed at Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos from Houston, Texas in the United States.


Jazz Jackrabbit 2

Jazz Jackrabbit 2 is a side-scrolling video game produced by Epic Games. It was released on April 13, 1998 for home computers, primarily Microsoft Windows and Mac OS. Jazz Jackrabbit 2 also features the ability to play against other players of the game through the internet. The game was released to generally positive reviews. Ir received a 77 out of 100 rating on the website "MobyGames." 

Jazz Jackrabbit

Norm of the North

Norm of the North is a 2016 3D American-Indian computer-animated comedy movie. It was produced by Crest Animation Studios. It was distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment. The movie was written by the Altiere brothers. It was directed by Anthony Bell (co-director of "Alpha and Omega"). It stars Rob Schneider, Ken Jeong and Zachary Gordon.

Steven and Daniel Altiere's script (based on a story by director Anthony Bell) centers on Norm, a man who finds shelter in an abandoned research station when his Arctic home begins cracking and collapsing beneath him. He is accompanied by three Arctic Lemmings, sidekicks who instinctively copy Norm's every move. As the polar ice caps continue mysteriously breaking apart, their temporary home is abruptly dislodged, setting Norm and the lemmings on a journey that ends in NYC. Here Norm is discovered by the head of a multinational company and becomes their mascot. 
Suddenly Norm is living his performing dream as a dancing star. Unfortunately, he also soon learns the polar ice caps are continuing to break apart, and the people that made his dream come true are responsible. Norm knows he must stop them before they destroy his home, a realization that forces him to choose between life in the spotlight and his entire Polar Bear community.


On February 1, 2010 it was announced that Lionsgate, Crest Animation Productions and Crest Animation Studios were developing "Norm of the North", an animated family feature in stereoscopic 3D, Lionsgate will also distribute the movie. On July 28, 2010, Rob Schneider joined the cast to voice the title character. Ken Jeong and Loretta Devine also star.

Erotomania

Erotomania is a delusional disorder in which the subject has a delusion that a particular person is deeply in love with them; lack of response is rationalized, and pursuit and harassment may occur.

The Usual Suspects

The Usual Suspects is a 1995 neo-noir crime-drama-thriller movie. It is about criminal activity and a con man. It stars Stephen Baldwin, Gabriel Byrne, Benicio Del Toro, Chazz Palminteri, Kevin Pollak, Pete Postlethwaite and Kevin Spacey.

The movie was released on August 16, 1995. Most critics gave very good reviews to the movie.


Fredrika

Fredrika is a locality in Åsele Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 215 people lived there.

Boys on the Side

Boys on the Side is a 1995 American comedy-drama movie. It is about three friends who go on a cross-country trip. Drew Barrymore plays Holly, who is pregnant and is leaving her violent partner. Mary-Louise Parker plays Robin, a real estate agent who is HIV+. Whoopi Goldberg plays Jane, a lesbian singer.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It made only a little more money than it cost to make.

Mallrats

Mallrats is a 1995 American romantic comedy movie. It was written and directed by Kevin Smith.

Shannen Doherty plays Rene Mosier. Claire Forlani plays Brandi. Jeremy London plays TS Quint. Jason Lee plays Brodie Bruce. Priscilla Barnes plays Miss Ivannah.

This movie was released on October 20, 1995. Many critics hated the movie. 

Emirates Club

Emirates Club () is a professional football club from Ras al-Khaimah, United Arab Emirates.




Emirate of Ras Al Khaimah

Ras al-Khaimah ( "") is one of seven emirates of the United Arab Emirates (UAE). It also contains the city with the same name. Its name means "top of the tent". The emirate is in the northern part of the UAE. It covers an area of . It has a northern part (where the city of Ras al-Khaimah is), a large exclave in the south (near Hatta), and a few small islands in the Persian Gulf.

Sharjah

Sharjah can refer to:
Sharjah C.S.C., a football club in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates (UAE)


Emirate of Ajman

Ajman ( ""), also spelt "Ujman", is one of the seven emirates of the United Arab Emirates (UAE). It is the smallest emirate by area, covering 260 square kilometres (100 sq mi). Its capital is Ajman.

Ajman (city)

Ajman ( "") is the capital of the emirate of Ajman, United Arab Emirates. It is located along the Persian Gulf.

Ajman Club

Ajman Club () is an Emirati football club based in Ajman, UAE. 


ABC Futebol Clube

ABC Futebol Clube, simple called ABC, is a Brazilian football team from Natal in Rio Grande do Norte. Founded on June 29, 1915, it is the oldest club in Rio Grande do Norte state.



Porto Calvo

Porto Calvo is a city in Alagoas, Brazil. In 2005, 24,761 people lived there. It covers . It was founded in 1636.

Campina Grande

Campina Grande (Portuguese "Great Plain") is a Brazilian city in Paraíba. It is the second largest city in the state after João Pessoa.

A. J. Langguth

Arthur John "A.J." Langguth (July 11, 1933 – September 1, 2014) was an American author, journalist and educator. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was Professor Emeritus of the Annenberg School for Communications School of Journalism at the University of Southern California. He graduated from Harvard College (MA, 1955). Langguth was South East Asian correspondent and Saigon bureau chief for "The New York Times" during the Vietnam War. He used the name "Jack Langguth". 

Mary T. Clark

Sister Mary T. Clark, RSCJ (October 23, 1913 – September 1, 2014) was an Americans educator and civil rights advocate. She was best known as a scholar of the history of philosophy, and was associated especially with Augustine of Hippo.

She was formerly the President of the American Catholic Philosophical Association of the Metaphysical Society of America, and of the Society for Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy. She also served on the Executive Committee of the Eastern Division of the American Philosophical Association. She served as a Visitor of Ralston College.

Clark died in Savannah, Georgia from natural causes, aged 100.


Antonis Vardis

Antonis Vardis (; 7 August 1948 – 2 September 2014) was a Greek composer and singer.

Vardis was born in the Moschato suburb of Athens. Vardis met some legendary Greek musicians when he was six years old, including Vassilis Tsitsanis. Vardis would go on to work with George Dalaras, Yiannis Parios, Vasilis Papakonstantinou, and Haris Alexiou.

In 2013 Vardis was diagnosed with cancer and was transferred to Hanover, Germany, to undergo surgery described as successful. However, he died on 2 September 2014 at Hygeia Hospital in Athens. He was 66. He was survived by his wife and their two children.

Habib Wali Mohammad

Habib Wali Mohammad () (1921 – September 3, 2014) was a Pakistani ghazal singer. He was born in Rangoon, Burma. Mohammad was known for singing the ghazal of the last Moghul Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar, "Lagta Nahin Hai Jee Mera Ujray Diyar Mein".

Mohammad died in Los Angeles, California from an illness, aged 93.

Dempo SC

Dempo Sports Club is a football club from Panaji, Goa, India. The club is owned and sponsored by the mining company Dempo. They won 5 league titles more than any other club in India.





Panaji

Panaji, also known as "Panjim", is the capital city of the Indian state of Goa. With 114,405 people, it is the largest city in the state.

Echosmith

Echosmith is an American indie pop group. The group consists of four siblings: Graham, Sydney, Noah and Jamie Sierota. They are best known for their songs "Cool Kids" and "Bright". Their first album, "Talking Dreams", was released in October 2013.

They also had covers of "Lights" by Ellie Goulding and "Set Fire to the Rain" by Adele.

The group is from Los Angeles.


Segunda División de México

The Segunda División is the third league of Mexico. Until the 1993-1994 season, the champion of had been promoted to the Primera División. 

Below are listed the member clubs of the Serie A for the 2020-21 season.

678 (movie)

678 () is a 2010 Egyptian drama movie. It is about sexual harassment of women in Egypt. It was produced by Bushra Rozza. The movie has a rating of 80% on Rotten Tomatoes. Nelly, one of the movie's main characters, is based upon an Egyptian woman called Noha Roshdy who prosecuted her harasser in 2008.

Myosin

A myosin is a group of specialized proteins used for muscle contraction and motion in eukaryotic cells. Myosins need adenosine triphosphate for energy to do these functions. A large number of different myosin genes have been discovered in eukaryotes.

The structure and function of myosin is strongly conserved across species. For example, Rabbit muscle myosin II will bind to actin from an amoeba.

Most myosin molecules are composed of a head part, a neck part, and a tail part.

Many myosin molecules can make muscles get shorter using the energy released from breaking apart ATP molecules into ADP molecules and a phosphate group. The power stroke happens when a phosphate that n broken off gets released from the myosin. This makes the myosin change shape so that it pulls against the actin. When the ADP molecule is released and a new ATP molecule joins onto the myosin head, the head releases from the actin. The myosin breaks the new ATP and the cycle keeps going. The combined effect of all the power strokes from all the different myosin molecules makes the muscle get shorter.

Gustavo Cerati

Gustavo Adrián Cerati Clarke (11 August 1959 – 4 September 2014) was an Argentine rock musician, singer-songwriter, composer and producer. He was best known as the lead singer, songwriter, and guitarist of the rock band Soda Stereo from 1982 until 1997. Soda Stereo are considered by critics to be the most important and influential band of Latin rock. He released five albums between 1993 and 2009. He was nominated for many Grammy, MTV, and Gardel awards during his career.

Cerati was born in Buenos Aires. He was of Italian, English and Irish ancestry. He was married to Chilean model Cecilia Amenábar from 1992 until 2002. They had two children: Lisa and Benito.

Cerati went into a coma after having a stroke on 14 May 2010 after a concert in Caracas, Venezuela. He remained in a coma until his death from respiratory arrest due to an aneurysm/brain damage on 4 September 2014 in Buenos Aires. He was 55.


Babe Didrikson Zaharias

Mildred Ella "Babe" Didrikson Zaharias June 26, 1911 – September 27, 1956) 

Zaharias died in Galveston, Texas from colorectal cancer at the age of 45. she had 4 children

Dispersion (chemistry)

In chemistry, dispersion is defined as a mixture whereby fine particles of one substance are scattered all through another substance.

Even Cowgirls Get the Blues (album)

Even Cowgirls Get the Blues is the third live album by Welsh musician John Cale. It was recorded in 1978 and 1979 in CBGB club in New York. It was released in 1987. The record version contains different track listing than the CD.




Montferrat

Montferrat (Piedmontese: "Monfrà"; ; ) is part of the region of Piedmont in Northern Italy. It is both a historical and geographic area. It includes either a part of the Province of Alessandria, or a part of the Province of Asti. In the Middle Ages, it was a small marquisate (meaning a "small reign"), inside the Kingdom of Italy. Montferrat is famous worldwide for its soft and green hills. It produces award-winning wines, including Asti wine, Barbera and Moscato d'Asti. In June 2014, Montferrat, along with Langhe was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site because of its unique characteristics. 

Montferrat has three areas:


Montferrat has a strong culinary culture. It is one of the most important producers in the world of cheese, white truffle and other products of nature, such as vegetables, cereals and fruits. One of the best-known dishes of Monferrato is Agnolotti, which are a special type of filled pasta.

Ocicat

The Ocicat is a breed of cat. It looks like a wild cat but has no wild DNA in its gene pool. The Ocicat is spotted like a wild cat but is tame and has the behavior of a domestic animal. It got its name because it looks like an ocelot. The breed started accidentally by mating Siameses and Abyssinians. Later, American Shorthairs (silver tabby cats) were added to the mix. This gave the breed their silver color, bone structure and patterns. Now, the Ocicat is a popular breed all over the world.

There are twelve fur coat colors accepted for the Ocicat breed: tawny, chocolate and cinnamon, blue, lavender and fawn. As well, all have a shade of silver: black silver (ebony silver), chocolate silver, cinnamon silver, blue silver, lavender silver and fawn silver. Ocicats have eyes shaped like almonds. They have large strong bodies, legs with dark markings, and oval shaped paws. The eyes are usually rimmed with dark fur. These cats have dark spots all over their fur that are darker than their background color. The Ocicat's large, muscled body gives them a look of power and strength.

Most Ocicats are friendly and are not shy. This makes them good family pets. Most can also get along well with other animals. Their mood and actions are similar to those of a dog. Most can be trained to fetch toys, walk on a leash, come when called, and other dog-related tricks. Some even like the water. They are playful and like toys very much. So these pets need attention from their owners.

The first breeder of Ocicats was Virginia Daly, in Michigan, who tried to breed an Abyssinian-pointed Siamese in 1964. Her kittens looked like Abyssinians. But when they were later mated, there was not only an Abyssinian-pointed Siamese, but a spotted kitten,Tonga. The breeder's daughter, nicknamed Tonga an 'ocicat'. Tonga was sold as a pet, but his parent cats had more spotted kittens. This began the Ocicat breed. Other breeders then also did the same steps. They mated Siamese cats to Abyssinians, and then those cat descendents to Siameses to get Ocicat kittens. The Ocicat was accepted in The Cat Fanciers' Association and was first shown for championships in 1987. 


Brasserie

A brasserie, in France and nowadays in Britain, is a type of French restaurant. It has a relaxed setting, and serves single dishes and other meals. The word "brasserie" is also French for "brewery". In the beginning, it was used for the place where the beer was brewed. Often these places served the beer they brewed, together with a meal. 

A brasserie has professional service, printed menus, and (traditionally) white linen—unlike a bistro which may have none of these. Typically, a brasserie is open every day of the week and serves the same menu all day.

In 1901 "Chambers's Twentieth Century Dictionary of the English Language" defined 'brasserie' as "in France, any beer-garden or saloon". In 2000 "The New Penguin English Dictionary" had this definition of 'brasserie': "a small informal French-style restaurant".

Byzantine literature

Byzantine literature is Greek literature written during the time of the Middle Ages.

Tutsi

Tutsi, is an ethnic group of people living in Rwanda and Burundi. Tutsis are probably part of the a larger ethnic group from the Nile River.


Neil Gaiman

Neil Richard MacKinnon Gaiman (; born Neil Richard Gaiman; 10 November 1960) is an English author of short fiction, novels, comic books, graphic novels, audio theatre and movies. His known works include the comic book series "The Sandman" and novels "Stardust", "American Gods", "Coraline", and "The Graveyard Book".

He has won many awards, including the Hugo, Nebula, and Bram Stoker awards, as well as the Newbery and Carnegie medals. He is the first author to win both the Newbery and the Carnegie medals for the same work, "The Graveyard Book" (2008).

In 2013, "The Ocean at the End of the Lane" was voted Book of the Year in the British National Book Awards.

Gaiman is married to Amanda Palmer. He lives in Wisconsin and Cambridge, Massachusetts. He has a son and two daughters by his ex-wife, and a son from Palmer, his current wife.


Włodzimierz Kotoński

Włodzimierz Kotoński (23 August 1925 – 4 September 2014) was a Polish composer. In the years 1974–1976 he was head music editor at the Polskie Radio and head music director for the Polish Radio and Television. 

In the years 1980–1983 he was vice president, and in 1983–1989 president of the Polish Section, International Society for Contemporary Music (ISCM).

Kotoński died in Warsaw, Poland at the age of 89.


Ron Mulock

Ronald Joseph "Ron" Mulock (11 January 1930 – 5 September 2014) was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. He served as the 10th Deputy Premier of New South Wales serving from 10 February 1984 through 25 March 1988.

Mulock died in Sydney, Australia on 5 September 2014 at the age of 84.

Eoin Young

Eoin Young (1939 – 5 September 2014) was a New Zealand-born motoring journalist. He was an Autocar columnist for some 30 years starting in 1967. In 2003, he authored "Forza Amon!", a biography of Chris Amon. He wrote columns and articles for many publications including "Cars for the Connoisseur" (UK), "Victory Lane" (USA), "NZ Classic Car" (New Zealand) and "Am Klassiek" (the Netherlands). He also wrote for the web-based motor sport magazine pitpass.com. 

He returned to New Zealand and became ill in July 2014. He died on 5 September 2014, aged 75.

Justin Verlander

Justin Brooks Verlander (born February 20, 1983) is an American professional baseball player. He plays pitcher for the Houston Astros.

Arboriculture

Arboriculture is the care and study of individual trees and shrubs. An arborist is a person who works in arboriculture. An arborist is sometimes called a "tree surgeon".


Roy Leonard

LeRoy Stewart Leonard (January 19, 1931 – September 4, 2014), known as Roy Leonard, was an American radio and television personality. He was best known for hosting WGN's midday radio show from Chicago for 31 years and for his appearances on WGN-TV's news and Christmas specials. He also hosted Family Classics after Frazier Thomas died. 

Leonard died on September 4, 2014 at a hospital in Evanston, Illinois from complications from a esophageal infection, aged 83.

Redwood Falls, Minnesota

Redwood Falls is a city in Redwood County in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The population was 5,102 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat.


Donatas Banionis

Donatas Banionis (April 28, 1924 – September 4, 2014) was a Lithuanian and Soviet actor. He was best known in the West for his lead role of Tarkovsky's "Solaris" as Kris Kelvin. He was born in Kaunas, Lithuania. Once, President of Russia, Vladimir Putin said that Banionis was the reason why he joined the KGB.

Banionis died on September 4, 2014 from a stroke. He was 90 years old. President Putin expressed his condolences to his family.

James Turrell

James Turrell (born May 6, 1943) is an American artist. He uses light and space to create his artwork.

James Turrell was born in Pasadena, California. His father was Archibald Milton Turrell. He was an aeronautical engineer and teacher. His mother was Margaret Hodges Turrell. She studied medicine and worked in the Peace Corps. Both of his parents were Quakers.

Turrell got a pilot's license when he was 16 years old. He carried supplies by plane to mines that were far away. He also made maps by flying over areas. He earned a BA degree from Pomona College in perceptual psychology in 1965. He studied the Ganzfeld effect and mathematics, geology and astronomy there. Turrell entered the graduate Studio Art program at the University of California, Irvine in 1966. Then he began making work using light projections. In 1966 he was arrested for teaching young men how to avoid getting drafted in the Vietnam War. He spent about a year in jail and left UC Irvine. In 1973, he earned an MA degree in art from Claremont Graduate University. In 2004, he was awarded an honorary doctorate by Haverford College.

Turrell has received many awards in the arts including The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation Fellowship in 1984 and the National Medal of Arts in 2013.




J. LaMoine Jenson

Joseph LaMoine Jenson (June 27, 1935 – September 2, 2014) was an American religious leader. He was the leader of the Apostolic United Brethren (AUB), a Mormon fundamentalist polygamist group, from 2005 until his death. Jensen was born in Millville, Utah. 

Jenson died of colon cancer in Eagle Mountain, Utah, aged 79.

Hopeton Lewis

Hopeton Lewis (30 October 1947 – 4 September 2014) was a Jamaican singer. Lewis started performing at a young age. He formed a singing group called, "The Regals".

By the mid-1960s, he began recording and had one of the earliest hits with "Take It Easy" in late 1966. He had several more Jamaican hits in the late 1960s and early 1970s, including the first 'herb' song ever recorded in Jamaica, "Cool Collie". He worked for Duke Reid as an arranger and backing vocalist, and won the Festival Song Contest in 1970 with "Boom Shaka Lacka".

Lewis died on 4 September 2014 at his home in Brooklyn, New York from kidney failure, aged 66.

Shawn Wayans

Shawn Mathis Wayans (born January 19, 1971) is an American actor, DJ, producer, writer and comedian. He starred in "In Living Color" and "The Wayans Bros.". He is the brother of Keenen Ivory, Damon, Sr., Marlon, Kim, and Nadia Wayans.

Mary Reilly

Mary Reilly is a 1996 American horror movie. It is about a lonely servant in the home of a doctor. Julia Roberts plays the title character. Glenn Close plays Mrs Farraday. John Malkovich plays Jekyll and Hyde. It also stars George Cole and Bob Mason

This movie was released on February 23, 1996. The reviews were poor. The movie did poorly at the box office.

Steam car

A steam car is an automobile (car) powered by a steam engine. The first automobile, a three-wheeled vehicle, was powered by a steam engine. 

The steam carriage was invented in 1769 by Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot, a French engineer. It was a large three wheeled vehicle that used coal to make steam in a boiler. The boiler was mounted in front which made the vehicle unstable.

In the United States, about the time of the American Civil War, a number of inventors were working on steam-powered cars. In England about 1868 J. H. Knight had created a very successful design of steam car. In 1883 in France, Jules-Albert de Dion and Georges Bouton began building steam cars. In 1886 Ransom E. Olds was producing a steam car in the US. In 1899 the Stanley brothers, Francis and Freelan began making the famous Stanley Steamers.

Steam engines in cars have a great amount of torque. With all this torque they can accelerate very quickly. Because the torque is available over a broad range of speeds, a transmission wasn't needed. They could also carry heavy loads with ease. The speed of a steam car is controlled by the throttle alone and the engine never stalls. Steam cars had fewer moving parts than gasoline powered cars. Also steam cars are very quiet.

A major disadvantage is that a steam car has to "fire up" its boiler (has to get up to operating temperature). This can take as much as 20 minutes before the car can move. In the winter there was the added problem of water freezing. The open-cycle steam engine in cars and steam locomotives could not go far without adding water. The water turned to steam, which was lost when it exited the engine. Steam condensers were added to these cars later. This converted the steam back to water. It was too late; by then steam cars had lost out to cars with internal combustion engines.



You Again

You Again is a 2010 American comedy movie. This movie is about a high school senior who has acne. She later becomes a successful public relations executive. Kristen Bell plays Marni. Sigourney Weaver plays Ramona. Jamie Lee Curtis plays Gail. Cloris Leachman plays Helen.

The movie was released on September 24, 2010. Reviews were very negative. The movie was a moderate success.

Karel Černý (art director)

Karel Černý (7 April 1922 – 5 September 2014) was a Czech art director and production designer. He is known for being the production designer of the movie "Amadeus". He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the "Amadeus". 

Černý died in Tábor, Czech Republic, aged 92.


Mark Otway

Mark Anthony Otway (9 October 1931 – 3 September 2014) was a New Zealand tennis player. He played at Wimbledon eight times between 1954 and 1965. He once played at the Australian Championships in 1951. He also represented New Zealand in seven Davis Cup ties between 1954 and 1961. He won the Northern Lawn Tennis Singles Championship in 1960.

Otway was born in Takapuna. He moved to Australia after his retirement from tennis.

Otway died on 3 September 2014 in Noosa, Queensland, aged 82. His death was announced in "The New Zealand Herald".


Garrison Keillor

Gary Edward "Garrison" Keillor (born August 7, 1942) is an American author, storyteller, humorist, and radio personality. He is known as host of the Minnesota Public Radio show "A Prairie Home Companion" (also known as "Garrison Keillor's Radio Show" on United Kingdom's BBC Radio 4 Extra, as well as on RTÉ in Ireland, Australia's ABC, and Radio New Zealand National in New Zealand).

In November 2017, Minnesota Public Radio cut all business ties with Keillor after an allegation of inappropriate behavior with a staff member.


Port of Belfast

Port of Belfast is the main port in Northern Ireland. The port handles about twenty percent of the seaborne trade in all of Ireland.

Dennis Haskins

Dennis Haskins (born November 18, 1950) is an American actor. He is known for his role as principal Richard Belding in the teen sitcom "Saved by the Bell" which ran from 1989 to 1993 on NBC. He then went on to star in "", which aired from 1993 to 2000. He also portrayed the role as a regular in "Good Morning, Miss Bliss".


Principal photography

Principal photography is the part of movie making when a movie is being filmed. It is after pre-production and before post-production.

Principal photography is usually the most expensive part of movie making. This is partly because the cost includes salaries for the actors and crew. It is also because some movie scenes are expensive if they include special props or special effects that are done on the set.

Feature movies usually have insurance when principal photography starts. This is in case something happens that makes the movie cost more to make. For example, if one of the actors dies before filming all his or her scenes, the scenes might have to be filmed again with a different actor. If sets or finished parts of the movie are destroyed, it might even be impossible to finish the movie.

Dreadnoughtus

Dreadnoughtus is a genus of giant titanosaurian dinosaur. Its fossilised skeleton was found in the Upper Cretaceous of Santa Cruz province, Argentina. These rocks date from 84–66 million years ago (mya).

This is one of the largest of all known terrestrial vertebrates. It has the greatest mass (weight) of any land animal that has been calculated. They used using limb bone measurements for the calculation.

"Dreadnoughtus schrani" is the most complete skeleton of a large titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur. Types of bones is the most important statistic. The completeness statistics for "Dreadnoughtus schrani" are as follows:

The specimen was probably not fully grown at the time of its death. The histology of its humerus, shows a lack of an outer layer of bone found only in fully-grown vertebrates. There is a lot of fast-deposited or still-growing bone tissue. Therefore, the specimen was still growing at the time of its death. It is unknown how large this individual would have grown if it had lived a full life.

As a matter of basic science, the estimates of dimensions such as the mass (weight) of extinct animals are very rough figures. To avoid the pretence of spurious accuracy. we only give rounded figures here. Moreover. all the skeletons are incomplete, which means that even length (the easiest dimension to estimate) cannot be given exactly. Published estimates by scientists are just that: "estimates". Estimation is an approximation given when information is not clear or is incomplete. It is like making an educated guess.

It is usual for estimates of mass (weight) to vary between experts. Using the same basic data, the weight of "Dreadnoughtus" has been estimated as:


There is a ~x2 difference between the heaviest and lightest estimates, and that is not at all unusual for this type of calculation.

Aarno Raninen

Aarno Erik Raninen (27 April 1944 – 3 September 2014) was a Finnish actor, singer-songwriter, musician, composer and screenwriter. He played the piano, violin and accordion. He composed, arranged and performed songs for many movies, television shows and television movies between 1972 and 2010. He also acted in six movies between 1968 and 1998. His final credit was the movie "If You Love" (2010).

Raninen was born in Kotka, Kymenlaakso. He moved to Helsinki in 1966 for work.

Raninen died in a fire on 3 September 2014 at his home in Tuusula, Uusimaa. He was 70. His death was ruled an accident.

Expendables 3

The Expendables 3 is a 2014 American ensemble action movie directed by Patrick Hughes. It is a sequel to the 2012 action movie The Expendables 2. It is also the third movie in The Expendables movie series.

Barney adds to his team to get ready for a personal battle against Conrad Stonebanks, the Expendables co-founder and notorious arms trader. Stonebanks wants to wipe out Barney and every single one of his .


At the 2014 Cannes Film Festival, Stallone announced that he was aiming for a PG-13 rating for the movie.
The Expendables 3 has been met with generally bad reviews from critics :

The Expendables 4 in 2023.


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1987 TV series)

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (earlier known as Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles in some European countries because of controversy at the time) is an American animated television series that was made by Murakami-Wolf-Swenson and French company IDDH. The show ran from December 14, 1987 to November 2, 1996 when it aired its final episode. The pilot for the show was shown during the week of December 14, 1987 and was in syndication as a five-part miniseries. The show featured the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and they were created in the comic book form by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird.

The show was able to help launch the characters into more mainstream popularity and it became one of the most popular animated series in television history. Due to its popularity, there were breakfast cereal, plush toys, and all kinds of different products that featured the characters appeared on the market during the late 1980s and early 1990s. The show was named as the 55th best show in the Top 100 Best Animated TV Shows by IGN. At the time, the show was criticized for its violent content and commercialism.



Simone Battle

Simone Sherise Battle (June 17, 1989 – September 5, 2014) was an American actress and singer. She was a finalist on "The X Factor" in 2011. She was best known for being a member of the pop girl group G.R.L. from 2013 until her death. She worked with Robin Antin and The Pussycat Dolls. She also acted in the television series "Everybody Hates Chris" and "Zoey 101". She also appeared in the movie "We the Party" (2012).

Battle was born in Los Angeles, California. She was an actress before becoming a singer.

Battle died on September 5, 2014 at her home in West Hollywood, California, aged 25. Her death was ruled a suicide by hanging.

Giancarlo Esposito

Giancarlo Esposito (born April 26, 1958) is an American actor, director and producer. He played Buggin' Out in "Do the Right Thing". He played Left Hand Lacey in "Mo' Better Blues". He also played Julian in "School Daze", Gus in "Breaking Bad" and Akela in "The Jungle Book".

Esposito was born in Copenhagen, Denmark to an African-American mother and Italian father. He was raised in Manhattan, New York City from age six.

Ram Trucks

Ram Trucks is an American brand of light-to-mid weight pickup trucks. The car brand started in 2009. It used to be called "Dodge Truck Division". 

Ram Trucks is part of Chrysler, LLC.

The Ram Trucks logo has the head of a ram. This logo was used by Dodge in the past.

Tropical Storm Norma (1970)

Tropical Storm Norma was the fourteenth tropical cyclone of the 1970 Pacific hurricane season. It formed on August 31 off the western coast of Mexico. The storm died on September 5, just before it reached Baja California. The storm caused record amounts of rain and flash floods in Arizona. Over $1 million in damage was done. Twenty-three people were killed.

Royal Spanish Football Federation

The Royal Spanish Football Federation () is the association that governs football in Spain. It is in charge of the men's and women's national teams. The association was started on October 14, 1909 in Madrid. Its headquarters are now based in Las Rozas de Madrid.


Mexican Football Federation

The Mexican Football Federation () is the association that governs football in Mexico. It is in charge of the men's and women's national teams. The association was started on August 22, 1922. Its headquarters are based in Mexico City.

Santa Catarina

Santa Catarina may refer to:


Unión Española

Club Unión Española S.A.D.P is a Chilean football club based in Independencia, Santiago. They won Primera División seven times and two Copa Chile titles.









Cobreloa

Club de Deportes Cobreloa is a Chilean football club from the Calama. It is one of the country's most competitive clubs.




Rosenborg BK

Rosenborg Ballklub (; RBK for short) is a Norwegian professional football club from Trondheim. Rosenborg is Norway's most successful team. They won 24 league titles, eleven Norwegian Football Cup titles and played more UEFA matches than any other Norwegian team. They also reached the quarter finals of the 1996-97 Champions League.

New York City F.C.

New York City Football Club is an American professional soccer team based in New York City. The team has played in Major League Soccer since the 2015 season. English Premier League team Manchester City owns 80% of the team; the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball own the other 20%. The team is playing at the Yankee Stadium in The Bronx and they share it with the New York Yankees until it can build a new stadium in New York City.

In May 2015, they experienced a new New York City crosstown rivalry in the MLS, when they played the New York Red Bulls for the first time.

San Francisco International Airport

San Francisco International Airport is the airport which serves San Francisco, California. It is south of downtown San Francisco. It is near Millbrae and San Bruno in unincorporated San Mateo County.

The following airlines go to San Francisco International Airport:


Basilica of Superga

The Royal Basilica of Superga is a large church on the outskirts of the Italian city of Turin. The site was originally bare until King Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia decided to create a cathedral there. He wanted a burial place for members of his dynasty, the House of Savoy. Construction lasted from 1717 to 1731. The building was designed by the Italian architect "Filippo Juvarra". The building is often compared to the larger and more famous St. Peter's Basilica. Most of the Kings of Sardinia are buried there.


PFC Ludogorets Razgrad

PFC Ludogorets Razgrad () or simply Ludogorets is a Bulgarian football club based in Razgrad.

Bulgarian Parva Liga:

Bulgarian B Group: 

Bulgarian Cup:

Bulgarian Supercup:

UEFA Europa League
UEFA Champions League

Comunicaciones F.C.

Club Social y Deportivo Comunicaciones is a Guatemalan football club from Guatemala City. They are the second-most successful club in Guatemala, behind arch-rival Municipal.






C.S.D. Municipal

Club Social y Deportivo Municipal, also known as Municipal, is a Guatemalan football club based in Guatemala City. They compete in the "Liga Nacional".

Municipal are the most popular club in Guatemala. Their main rivals are Comunicaciones, who are also located in the capital city.







Football Australia

Football Australia is the association that governs soccer (known as "association football" or simply just "football" in many other countries) in Australia. It is in charge of the men's, women's and youth national teams. The association was started in 1961. Its headquarters are in Sydney.

Ellie Kemper

Ellie Kemper (born May 2, 1980) is an American actress. She played Ms. Griggs in "21 Jump Street". She played Kelly Erin Hannon in "The Office".

Kemper was born in Kansas City, Missouri.

List of best-selling singles

This is a list of best-selling singles in the world. The "Guinness World Records" named the holiday single "White Christmas" (1942) by Bing Crosby as the best-selling single worldwide. According to "Guinness", "White Christmas" sold over 50 million copies. The single is known as the "best-selling single of all time". It was released before music charts were created. The song "Candle in the Wind 1997"/"Something About the Way You Look Tonight" (1997) by Elton John, is "the biggest-selling single since UK and US singles charts began in the 1950s". The recording was a tribute to Princess Diana. It sold 33 million copies, making it the third best-selling single of all time.



Beauty Shop

Beauty Shop is an American 2005 comedy movie. The movie is about a widowed hairstylist who moves to Atlanta so her daughter can attend private school. Queen Latifah plays Gina Norris. Alicia Silverstone plays Lynn. Alfre Woodard plays Ms. Josephine. Keshia Knight Pulliam plays Darnelle. Andie MacDowell plays Terri. Sherri Shepherd plays Ida. Djimon Hounsou plays Joe.

This movie was released on March 30, 2005. The movie got mixed reviews by the critics.

Four Brothers

Four Brothers is a 2005 American action crime drama movie directed by John Singleton. This movie is about November 2004, during which four adoptive brothers return to Detroit to discover what happened. Their adoptive mother was murdered. Mark Wahlberg plays Bobby. Tyrese Gibson plays Angel Mercer. Fionnula Flanagan plays Evelyn. Sofía Vergara plays Sofi.

The movie was released on August 12, 2005. Reviews were mixed.

‏‎
Elizabeth Allen

Elizabeth Allen (January 25, 1929 – September 19, 2006) was an American actress. She played Magda in the stage play "The Gay Life". She also played Evelyn Randall in "The Carey Treatment".

Elizabeth Allen was born Jersey City, New Jersey. She died from kidney disease in Fishkill, New York.

Franca Falcucci

Franca Falcucci (22 March 1926 – 4 September 2014) was an Italian politician. She was a member of the Christian Democracy Party. She served as a member of the Senate and was the first woman to become Minister of Public Education.

Falcucci died on 4 September 2014 in Rome, Italy, aged 88.

Bruce Morton

Bruce Alexander Morton (October 28, 1930 – September 5, 2014) was an American television news correspondent. He worked for both CBS News and CNN. His career lasted over 40 years. In 1964, he joined CBS News. He stayed there for the next 29 years. Morton was based in Washington, D.C., where he was a Congressional correspondent. After leaving CBS in 1993, Morton went to work for CNN. He stayed there until his retirement in 2006. 

Morton was born in Norwalk, Connecticut. He grew up in Chicago. He graduated from Harvard University in 1952. He died on September 5, 2014, at his home in Washington D.C., aged 83.

Kwon Ri-se

Kwon Ri-sae (; born August 16, 1991 – September 7, 2014) or Kwon Ri-se, better known by her stage name Rise (stylized as RiSe), was a Japanese singer. She was a member of the K-pop girl group Ladies' Code under Polaris Entertainment. 

Ladies' Code was in a car accident in the early morning hours of September 3, 2014 around 1 am. The group was on their way back to Seoul after performing. The driver, the group's manager, was speeding on a slippery road due to rain and lost control of the van. The van lost a backwheel and collided with a guardrail. Bandmate, Go Eun-bi, was killed instantly by the crash. Other members, Ashley and Zuny, suffered minor injuries while member Sojung suffered major injuries, including a broken jaw.
Rise died at 10:10AM local time on September 7, 2014 surrounded by her family, in Aju University Hospital after being in a coma since the accident and undergoing numerous surgeries. Her public funeral was held on September 9, 2014. Her body was then cremated and her remains were taken by her family to be laid to rest in a private funeral in Japan. She was 23 years old.

Cirilo Flores

Cirilo B. Flores (June 20, 1948 - September 6, 2014) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.

Flores was born in Corona, California.

Flores served as coadjutor bishop of San Diego from 2012 to 2013 and as auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Orange from 2009 to 2012. He served as the bishop of the Diocese of San Diego in California. He held the position from September 18, 2013 until his death on September 6, 2014.

Flores died in San Diego from prostate cancer, aged 66.

Bharat Ek Khoj

Bharat Ek Khoj is a series of 53 episodes about the history of India. It is based on Discovery of India (1946), a book by Jawaharlal Nehru. It was directed, written and produced by Shyam Bengal in 1988 for Doordarshan. It stars Roshan Seth as Jawaharlal Nehru. Om Puri is the narrator. It was first aired on DD National. The episodes are about India's 5000-year history till independence in 1947. Its cast also includes Tom Alter, Naseerudin Shah, Irrfan Khan.

Data vault modeling

Data vault modeling is a database modeling method that tries to preserve different sets of historical data from different sources. It is also a method of looking at historical data that deals with issues such as auditing, tracing of data, loading speed and resilience to change.

Data Vault Modeling focuses on several things. First, it emphasizes the need to trace where all the data in the database came from. Each row has extra attributes that describe where the data came from, and at what time it was loaded. This feature lets auditors find the source of the values.

Data vault modeling does not distinguish between data that conforms to the business rules and data that does not. The data that does not conform is generally called "bad data". Dan Linstedt, who developed the technology, said that a data vault modeling stores "a single version of the facts". In other data warehouse modeling schemes, the data warehouse generally stores "a single version of the truth", data that does not conform to the business rules is removed. 

Because data vault modeling stores the source of the data separately from the data itself, it can cope with change in the business environment. It does this by explicitly separating structural information from descriptive attributes.

Finally, Data Vault is designed to enable parallel loading as much as possible, so that very large implementations can scale out without the need for major redesign.

Query by Example

Query by Example (commonly shortened to QBE) is a database query language for relational databases. It was developed at IBM in the 1970s. The development of SQL ran in parallel. QBE was developed for those users who only use databases occasionally, and who do not want to learn a complex language such as SQL. 

With Query by example, users are presented with a visual schema of the database, which they edit with a special editor. When they are done, a parser translates their actions into a query in a regular query language such as SQL. Behind the scenes, it is this statement that is actually executed. With a suitable front-end, the user does not need to remember the details of a query language. The user will be able to select tables and columns more quickly, for example by clicking on them, rather than typing their names. This will improve productivity.

In the context of information retrieval, QBE has a somewhat different meaning. The user can submit a document and ask for "similar" documents to be retrieved from a document database. Similarity search is based comparing document vectors (see Vector Space Model).

Today, many database systems have front-ends that resemble QBE. 

Akademio de Esperanto

Akademio de Esperanto ("Academy of Esperanto", shortly AdE) is an independent organisation, which is guarding the development of the constructed language Esperanto. They do this to keep it consistent with the basic rules. These basic rules came from eye doctor L. L. Zamenhof. He was the creator of Esperanto. He also came up with the idea to establish an organization for guarding the development of the language. This was during the First World Congress of Esperanto in Boulogne-sur-Mer, France in 1905.

Lyndam Gregory

Lyndam Gregory (1953 or 1954 – August 2014) was a British actor. He had 35 credits to his name between 1979 and 2008. He was best known for his roles in the television series "The Archers", "Coronation Street", "EastEnders" and "Doctors".

Gregory was born in Darjeeling, West Bengal, India. His father, Neville, was a tea planter. His mother, Marina, was a Burmese school teacher. He moved to London in the early 1960s. In 1984, he married Christine. Their daughter, Dominique, was born in 1997.

Gregory died from lung cancer in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, aged 59. His death was announced on 21 August 2014.

Ala-ud-din Khalji

Ala-ud-din Khalji (died 1316), was the second ruler of the Khalji dynasty. He was the most powerful ruler of the Khalji Dynasty. He ruled from 1296 to 1316. He was the nephew (and son-in-law) of Jalal-ud-din Khalji. His son was Khusrau Malik. He wished to become the second Alexander. He took the title ‘Sikander-i-Sani’. He banned drinking of alcohol in open in his kingdom.He was an undefeated Sultan of Delhi. 

Ala-ud-din Khalji first conquered Gujarat and Malwa. In 1301 he conquered Ranthambore. In 1303 he captured Chittor. Then he sent a large army headed by his general Malik Kafur to South India. Malik Kafur defeated the Yadavas, Kakatiyas, Hoysalas and the Pandyas. He sacked the cities of Madurai, Rameswaram, Tirunelveli and Kanyakumari in Tamil Nadu and captured whole south.He also took away a lot of wealth and returned to Delhi in a grand ceremony. Around the end of his reign, his empire was as large as that of Ashoka the Great (274 BC–232 BC).

Khalji needed money to keep a large army. The main sources were taxes. The land tax was fixed according to the fertility of the land. The land tax in the fertile Ganga-Yamuna doab was one-half of the produce. He kept a strict check on the nobles. A group of officers were kept to discourage corruption. He introduced a system of auditing accounts.

He introduced a market control policy in which he reduced the price of day to day items such as sugar, oil, cloth etc. Shop owners had to pay the amount fixed by Ala-ud-din Khalji. Officials were appointed to check the shop owners. Whoever was caught cheating, was punished. This allowed Khalji to pay a low salary to the soldiers.

With money available to him he maintained a large army. He paid his soldiers in cash. He even started branding horses ( Dagh). This was to prevent the substitution of good horses with low quality horses. He even kept a description of all soldiers in his army (Chehra). He posted spies throughout the empire to prevent rebellions.



Query language

A Query language is a formal language that is used to make queries to database systems, and other information systems. The result of a query is a subset of the data. There are different query languages which target different user groups. It is possible to translate a query from one query language into another. 


A.C. Moore

A.C. Moore is an arts and crafts retail chain with 135 stores in the eastern United States. Its corporate headquarters are located in Berlin, New Jersey. A.C. Moore sells a variety of arts and crafts products. A.C. Moore was founded by Jack Parker in 1985 in Moorestown, New Jersey. It opened in 1997. 

Locomobile Company of America

The Locomobile Company of America was a company founded in 1899 by John B. Walker. He and his partner Amzi L. Barber bought the rights to manufacture the steam car built by the Stanley brothers. They called the car the Locomobile. In 1904 the company began producing gasoline-powered cars and continued in business until 1929. 

Francis E. Stanley and Freelan O. Stanley had invented a steam car. In 1899 they purchased a bicycle factory in Watertown, Massachusetts and began building their cars. John B. Walker, the owner of Cosmopolitan magazine, offered to buy half the company. The Stanley brothers said no. When Walker came back a few weeks later he offered to buy the whole car company. The brothers thought about it and set the price at $250,000 USD. The set the price high enough they thought nobody would pay it. But Walker did and the two Stanley brothers stayed on to run the factory. Walker's partner was Amzi L. Barber. They called the new company Locomobile.

Within a few months Walker and Barber had a disagreement and split the company. Walker took his half and formed a new company in Tarrytown, New York. He called his car 'the Mobile'; a Stanley Steamer with his logo on it. With poor sales Walker closed his company in 1902. Barber kept the Locomobile name and sold 5,200 cars by 1902. The Locomobile steam cars were a little difficult to operate and sometimes had fires. They could only go about 20 miles before needing water. They needed to be warmed up for about 30 minutes before they could be driven. By 1904 only about 200 cars were sold. Locomobile sold the patents and the design for their steam car back to the Stanley brothers. By 1904 Locomobile had switched to making gasoline cars.

At about the same time Locomobile switched over to making gasoline powered cars, Barber left the business. His son-in-law, J.J. Albright, took over as company president. Inventor Andrew Riker became the lead designer and was responsible for the new gasoline engines.

The 1904 5-passenger touring car used an Inline-four engine that was water-cooled engine that produced about 16 horsepower. At the time it cost $4,500. In 1905 Locomobile entered cars in Auto racing. It was in 1908 they won the Vanderbilt Cup. A car that won a race gained an excellent reputation. They advertised the Locomobile as “Easily the Best Built Car in America.” They continued to improve their car. In 1922 Locomobile was acquired by the Durant Motor Company. But their cars continued to be made under the name Locomobile. They continued to build their reputation for making high performance luxury cars. In 1929 the company fell victim to the Great Depression and closed its doors.

Juniper Cobra 14

Exercise Juniper Cobra 14 (Hebrew: ג'וניפר קוברה 14) or JC14 is a five day military exercise with Israel and the United States. The exercise is there to give training in case of a ballistic missile attack from Iran The exercise began in 2001 and is held once every two years. In 2012 the exercise was cancelled to ease issues with Iran.

Kira Zvorykina

Kira Alekseyevna Zvorykina (September 29, 1919 – September 6, 2014) was a former Soviet-born Belarusian chess player who spent many years living in Belarus. Zvorykina was born in Nikolaev, Ukraine. She was a three-time winner of the Women's Soviet Championship. 

Zvorykina died in Minsk, Belarus from natural causes, aged 94.

Jim Dobbin

James "Jim" Dobbin (26 May 1941 – 7 September 2014) was a British Labour Co-operative politician and microbiologist. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Heywood and Middleton from 1997 to 2014.

Dobbin died in 7 September 2014 while on a Council of Europe visit to Poland.


Wilfred De'ath

Wilfred De'Ath (28 July 1937 – 19 February 2020) was a British author and a journalist. He worked for the BBC in the 1960s and 1970s and writes a column in "The Oldie". De'Ath was born to a German mother and English father and grew up in Elstree, Hertfordshire, England. He studied at the University of Oxford. During the 1990s, De'ath served prison sentences for a theft.

On 11 November 2012, De'ath was arrested as part of Operation Yewtree in an alleged connection with the Jimmy Savile–BBC sex scandal;
he was later released without charge after the complainant withdrew her statement. De'ath was later told that he would not face any charges, and said that the police action had been "overzealous".

De'ath died on 19 February 2020 at the age of 82.

Plasmodesma

Plasmodesma (plural is 'plasmodesmata') is a microscopic channel across the cell wall of a plant cell. It allows transport and communication between neighbouring cells. Plasmodesmata also evolved independently in some algae.

Unlike animal cells, every plant cell is surrounded by a polysaccharide cell wall. Neighbouring plant cells are therefore separated by a pair of cell walls. Although cell walls are permeable to small soluble molecules, plasmodesmata allow direct, regulated, intercellular transport of substances between cells.

Similar structures connect animal cells. Stromules form between plastids in plant cells.

Alina Surmacka Szczesniak

Alina Surmacka Szcześniak (July 8, 1925 – July 23, 2016) was a Polish-born American chemist and food scientist. She is best known for her contributions to food texture. She was born in Warsaw, Poland.

Szcześniak attended Bryn Mawr College as a foreign student after the Second World War. She earned a degree at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

In 1969, Szcześniak was a Founding Editor of the "Journal of Texture Studies." She served for 10 years in that role.

In 2002, she received the plaque of Honorary President of the International Federation of Surveyors on behalf of her father, Wladysław Surmacki. Her father was to be President in 1942 but did not survive the war.

Szcześniak lived in the United States.


Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.

Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. (August 29, 1809 – October 7, 1894) was an American physician, poet, professor, lecturer, and author. He was a member of the Fireside Poets. His most famous works are the "Breakfast-Table" series, which began with "The Autocrat of the Breakfast-Table" (1858). He was also an important medical reformer. He also wrote old ironsides, a famous poem.



Walter Koenig

Walter Marvin Koenig (; born September 14, 1936) is an American actor, writer, teacher and director. He is known for his roles as Pavel Chekov in "" and Alfred Bester in "Babylon 5".


Dodge Dakota

The Dodge Dakota was an American mid-size pickup truck. It was manufactured by Dodge. The Dakota was always bigger than the compact Ford Ranger and Chevrolet S-10. It was smaller than the Dodge Ram pickup.

The truck was first manufactured for 1987. It was last made for 2012.

Café Opera

Café Opera is a café and nightclub in Stockholm, Sweden. It is a bistro, brasserie and tea house during the day, and a popular nightclub at night. It opened in 1980. The club is also a former football club named FC Café Opera, founded in 1991. The club play in the Swedish Second League until 2005

Don't Cha

"Don't Cha" is a pop song by American girl group the Pussycat Dolls. It was on their self-titled studio record "PCD" in 2005. The song is about a girl teasing a man that she is more attractive than his girlfriend.

The song received positive reviews by most critics. "Don't Cha" got very high on records charts worldwide. It hit #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It sold three million copies in the United States and six million worldwide.

Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe

Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe is an English progressive rock band formed in 1988.


Lode Van Den Bergh

Lode Van Den Bergh (18 June 1920 – 29 September 2020) was a Belgian writer. He was married to Nora Steyaert. He was born in Rijkevorsel. He used the pseudonyms Aster Berkhof and Piet Visser.

He started his career as a monitor at the Catholic University of Leuven. He also worked as a teacher at the Royal Athenaea in Antwerp, Brussels and Koekelberg. Finally he became a professor at the Saint Ignatius Faculty in Antwerp.

Bergh died at the age of 100 on 29 September 2020.


Wolfhart Pannenberg

Wolfhart Pannenberg (2 October 1928 - 5 September 2014) was a German theologian. He made a number of significant contributions to modern theology. He created his concept of history as a form of revelation mostly about the Resurrection of Christ. Pannenberg was born in Stettin, Germany, now Szczecin, Poland.

Pannenberg died in Berlin, Germany, aged 85.


Martynas Andriukaitis

Martynas Andriukaitis (28 March 1981 – 4 September 2014) was a Lithuanian basketball player. In 2001, he became champion of both Lithuania and Latvia and vice-champion of North European Basketball League (NELB). He played professionally between 2001 and 2013 as a power forward. He played in Lithuania, Latvia, Georgia, Ukraine, Hungary and France.

Andriukaitis was born in Kaunas. He was married to Renata and had one son.

On 4 September 2014, Andriukaitis shot his wife before he shot himself in a suicide attempt at their home in Riga. Their 14-year-old son saw what happened and called the police and paramedics. Andriukaitis died later that day in hospital, aged 33.


Ted Irvine

Edward Amos "Ted" Irvine (born December 8, 1944) is a Canadian retired NHL hockey player. He is also the father of wrestler Chris Jericho.

Irvine was a left winger. He amassed a total of 331 points in 774 games played over a 15 year professional career. In his NHL career, Irvine played for the Boston Bruins, Los Angeles Kings, New York Rangers and St. Louis Blues between 1963 and 1977. 

S. Truett Cathy

Samuel Truett Cathy (March 14, 1921 – September 8, 2014) was an American businessman, philanthropist and restaurateur. He was the founder of fast food restaurant chain Chick-fil-A. The chain is based in suburban Atlanta, Georgia. He stepped down from his role as CEO and chairman in November 2013, and gave the roles to his son, Dan. He was a billionaire.

Cathy was born in Eatonton, Georgia. He was a Southern Baptist. He was married to Jeanette. They had three children; Trudy, Bubba and Dan.

Cathy died after a long illness on September 8, 2014 in Hampton, Georgia, aged 93.

Loxstedt

Loxstedt is a municipality in Cuxhaven district, Germany. 
There are 21 villages in the municipality.
On 31 December 2012, 15,841 people lived there.

Loxstedt has a railway station. The Autobahn A27 runs through it. The Weser tunnel also is in the area of Loxstedt, near the village of Dedesdorf.

Legends of the Hidden Temple

Legends of the Hidden Temple is an American action-adventure game show television series that was produced by Stone Stanley Productions in association with Nickelodeon. The show ran from September 11, 1993 until 1995. The show was centered around a temple that was "filled with lost treasures protected by mysterious Mayan temple guards". It was hosted by Kirk Fogg and Dee Bradley Baker voiced Olmec, a talking Olmec Head that "knows the secrets behind each of the treasures in his temple". There were six teams of two children (one boy and one girl) and they competed to retrieve one of the historical artifacts that was in the temple by performing both physical stunts and by answering questions that were based on history, mythology, and geography.

The show was taped at Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida. In 1995, the show won a CableACE award for Best Game Show Special or Series and was also nominated for Art Direction in a Comedy or Music Special or Series. In a 2007 poll held by the Springfield, Illinois State Journal-Register, ten percent of the respondents said that Legends of the Hidden Temple was their "favorite 'old school' Nickelodeon show."


82nd Punjabis

The 82nd Punjabis were a regiment of soldiers of the old British Indian Army. The regiment was started in Madras, in British India in 1788. Later, it started to take in more soldiers from the Punjab and NWFP regions, so the regiment was renamed 'Punjabis' in 1903, and later became the 82nd Punjabis. Then, after some time, they were part of the 'First Punjab Regiment'. 

Between 1788 and 1947, this regiment fought many wars and won many battles. In 1947, when India and Pakistan became independent countries after partition, the 82nd (or First Punjab) became part of the Punjab Regiment of the Pakistan Army. 

Phospholipid

Phospholipids are a type of fat that contain phosphorus. They are major parts of all cell membranes because they form lipid bilayers. 

Phospholipid molecules usually have hydrophobic tails and a hydrophilic head. Biological membranes in eukaryotes also contain another class of lipid, sterols. These are spaced out among the phospholipids. Together they provide membrane fluidity and mechanical strength. Purified phospholipids are produced commercially and have found applications in nanotechnology and materials science.

Bosley Crowther

Bosley Crowther (July 13, 1905 – March 7, 1981) was an American journalist and author. He was a movie critic for "The New York Times" for 27 years. His reviews and articles helped shape the careers of actors, directors and screenwriters, though his reviews, at times, were thought of as unnecessarily mean.

Crowther died in Mount Kisco, New York from heart failure, aged 75


Vaatu

Vaatu is a Great Spirit from the American anime, Legend Of Korra. He is known as the spirit of darkness and chaos.

Odd Bondevik

Odd Bondevik (20 June 1941 – 6 September 2014) was a Norwegian theologian. He was the Bishop of the Diocese of Møre in the Church of Norway from 17 November 1991 until retirement in 2008. He also served as Preses of the Bishop's Conference of the Church of Norway from 1998 until 2002. He was born in Sauda, Norway.

Bondevik died in Drammen, Norway, aged 73.

Raul M. Gonzalez

Raul Maravilla Gonzalez (December 3, 1930 – September 7, 2014) was a Filipino politician. He served as the Chief Presidential Legal Counsel and was the Former Secretary of Justice of the Philippines.

Gonzalez Sr. died on September 7, 2014, of complications due to multiple organ failure at the Philippine General Hospital.


Fanny Godin

Fanny Félicie Florentine Pardon-Godin (27 May 1902 – 7 September 2014) was the oldest living person in Belgium since the death of Germaine Degueldre on 11 May 2012.

She was born in Huy, in the province of Liège. She lived in Zoutleeuw, which is part of the province of Flemish Brabant. Godin was, at the time of her death, the second oldest Belgian person ever and one of only two Belgian person to have reached the age of 112. The oldest person ever from Belgium was Joanna Deroover (June 3, 1890 – December 6, 2002).

She married Jacques Pardon (1907-1977) in 1941. They had a daughter, Claude, in 1944. She did not have grandchildren. She was able to swim until she was 109 years old.

Godin died at her home in Zoutleeuw, Flemish Brabant, Belgium, aged 112.

Bride Wars

Bride Wars is a 2009 American romantic comedy movie set in New York City. This is about two women being engaged at age 26. They are expected to be each other's bridesmaid. Anne Hathaway plays Emma. Candice Bergen plays Marion St. Claire. Kate Hudson plays Olivia.

"Bride Wars" was released on January 9, 2009. The movie was disliked by critics. Despite that, it grossed more than $114 million worldwide.

Gerald Wilson

Gerald Stanley Wilson (September 4, 1918 – September 8, 2014) was an American jazz trumpeter, big band bandleader, composer/arranger, and educator. He was from Los Angeles. He began his career since the early 1940s. Wilson was born in Shelby, Mississippi.

Wilson joined the Jimmie Lunceford orchestra in 1939, replacing its star trumpeter and arranger Sy Oliver. While with Lunceford, he contributed numbers to the band's book, including "Hi Spook" and "Yard-dog Mazurka". Wilson has written arrangements for many other famous artists including Duke Ellington, Sarah Vaughan, Ray Charles, Julie London, Dizzy Gillespie, Ella Fitzgerald, Benny Carter, Lionel Hampton, Billie Holiday, Dinah Washington, Nancy Wilson and many more.

Wilson died on September 8, 2014 from pneumonia in Los Angeles, California at the age of 96.


Coraline

Coraline is a 2009 American dark fantasy movie. Dakota Fanning voiced Coraline. Teri Hatcher voiced Mel. The movie got very good reviews from critics. It grossed more than $124 million in the box office. 

Helen O'Hara of Empire Magazine scored the film 5/5 stars and stated "Terrifying and beautiful, believable and fantastical, this is one of the best children's films in years and Selick's finest - better even than The Nightmare Before Christmas". Sandie Angulo Chen of Common Sense Media scored the film 4/5 stars and said "Director Henry Selick, a stop-motion master best known for The Nightmare Before Christmas, creates a magical, colorful nether-world that's also dark and disturbing".

Creevykeel Court Tomb

Creevykeel Court Tomb is a court tomb in Ireland. It is one of the best-preserved court tombs. It is in the foothills of Tievebaun Mountain, close to the sea near Mullaghmore in County Sligo.
The tomb was built in the Neolithic Period, 4000-2500 BC. It has a long, trapeze shaped cairn (pile of stones). An oval court is inside that. There is also a burial chamber at the northwest of the court. That chamber has two rooms. In the back of the cairn are three smaller chambers built into the cairn.

"The old name for Creevykeel is "Caiseal a' Bhaoisgin" (the Fort of Bhaoisgin), Bhaoisgin being the well near the cairn."

The Creevykeel Court Tomb was excavated in 1935 by the fourth Harvard archaeological mission. That mission was one part of scientific excavations that occurred in Ireland. The leader of the excavation was Hugh O'Neill.


Duplicity

Duplicity is a 2009 romantic spy movie. Clive Owen plays Ray. Julia Roberts plays Claire.

The movie was released in March 2009. It received positive reviews by movie critics.

The Informers (movie)

The Informers is a 2008 American crime drama thriller movie. It is set in Los Angeles in 1983. Kim Basinger plays Laura. Winona Ryder plays Cheryl. Mickey Rourke plays Peter. Amber Heard plays Christie.

This movie was released in April 2009 in the United States. The reviews were substandard and poor.

Problem (disambiguation)

A problem is a situation that is difficult to deal with. Problem or problems may also refer to:


Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Karr

Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Karr (24 November 1808 – 29 September 1890) was a French critic, journalist, and novelist. His brother Eugène was a talented engineer, and his niece Carme Karr was a writer, journalist and suffragist in La Roche-Mabile. In 1839 Alphonse Karr became editor of "Le Figaro".

Karr was born in Paris and died in Saint-Raphael, Var.

The bamboo species "Bambusa multiplex Alphonse Karr" was named in his honour.

Hank Jones

Henry "Hank" Jones (July 31, 1918 – May 16, 2010) was an American jazz pianist, bandleader, arranger, and composer. Jones recorded more than 60 albums under his own name, and countless others as a sideman. On May 19, 1962, he played piano as actress Marilyn Monroe sang her famous "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" song to then U.S. president John F. Kennedy. He was born in Vicksburg, Mississippi and raised in Pontiac, Michigan.

Jones died in Manhattan, New York from an illness, aged 91.


Brad Kavanagh

Brad Lewis Kavanagh (born 21 August 1992) is an English actor and singer-songwriter. He started acting when he was 11 years old on a western stage, playing Michael in "Billy Elliot: the Musical". He then worked with Disney UK for a while before getting hired to play Fabian Rutter on "House of Anubis".

Clark Terry

Clark Terry (December 14, 1920 – February 21, 2015) was an American swing and bebop trumpeter, a pioneer of the flugelhorn in jazz, educator, and NEA Jazz Masters inductee.

He played with Charlie Barnet (1947), Count Basie (1948–1951), Duke Ellington (1951–1959) and Quincy Jones (1960). Terry's career in jazz spans more than seventy years and he is one of the most recorded of jazz musicians.

Terry was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He studied at Vashon High School. Terry died on February 21, 2015 in Pine Bluff, Arkansas from complications from diabetes, aged 94.


George Zuverink

George Zuverink (August 20, 1924 – September 8, 2014) was an American professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher over parts of eight Major League Baseball seasons (1951-52, 1954-59) with the Cleveland Indians, Cincinnati Redlegs, Detroit Tigers and Baltimore Orioles. He was born in Holland, Michigan.

Zuverink died in Tempe, Arizona from complications from pneumonia caused by a fractured hip he suffered from a fall in May 2014. He was 90 years old.

Bobby Fong

Bobby Fong (1950 – September 8, 2014) was an American academic and educator. He was the 20th President of Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana from June 1, 2001 until 2011. He was later the 15th President of Ursinus College in Collegeville, Pennsylvania from July 1, 2011 until his death.

Fong was born in Oakland, California. His parents were Chinese immigrants. He graduated from Harvard University with a degree in English. He was married to Suzanne Fong.

Fong died from an aneurysm on September 8, 2014 in Collegeville, Pennsylvania, aged 64.


Clerk

A clerk is someone who writes. The word is derived from the Greek "κληρικός" ("klērikos"), meaning "of the clergy". Once only religious people could write, so a cleric meant a religious person.

In early mediaeval courts, writing was mainly done by clergy because most men, including nobles, could not read. In a medieval context, the word "clerk" meant "scholar". Now almost everyone can read and write, but the term 'clerk' still correctly applies to whole professions such as accountants, lawyers and civil servants. There is such a person as the Clerk of the House of Commons, and every court in England has a legally qualified clerk. Their job is to keep the records, and run the behind-the-scenes business. 


Harry Evans

Harry Evans (7 February 1946 – 7 September 2014) was an Australian public servant. He was a Clerk of the Australian Senate, serving from 17 February 1988 until his retirement on 4 December 2009. This 21-year title makes him the longest-serving Clerk of the Australian Senate.

Evans was born in Lithgow, New South Wales. He studied at the University of Sydney. He was married to Rhonda Evans. They had three children.

Evans died after a long illness on 7 September 2014 in Canberra, aged 68.


Fatima Bhutto

Fatima Bhutto (born 1982) is a young Pakistani poet and writer. Her main published works so far are "Whispers of the Desert" (Poems, 2006), "Songs of Blood and Sword" (Memoirs, 2010) and "The Shadow of the Crescent Moon" (Fiction, 2013). Her writing is serious and make readers think about social problems and issues facing developing countries like Pakistan. She also writes about the traditional male-dominated rural society and how women are abused and treated with cruelty in such a setting. 

She is the niece of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and grand-daughter of former Prime Minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto.

Private Parts (movie)

Private Parts is a 1997 comedy movie. It is about Howard Stern during his radio career. Allison Janney plays Dee Dee. Mary McCormack plays Alison Stern. Edie Falco plays Alison's friend.

"Private Parts" made just over $85 million. The movie was released in March 1997.

Mary McCormack

Mary Catherine McCormack (born February 8, 1969) is an American actress. She played Mary Shannon in "In Plain Sight". She also played Kate Harper in "The West Wing".

McCormack was born in Plainfield, New Jersey.

Zygnemataceae

The Zygnematacae are a family of green algae. Some types have only one cell, and other types have a string of connected cells. This string does not break into branches.

Celtic music

Celtic music is the name for a collection of types of music that evolved out of the folk musical traditions of the Celtic people of Western Europe.

Ahmad Ali

Ahmed Ali (1 July 1910 in Delhi – 14 January 1994 in Karachi) () was a famous Pakistani author, translator and diplomat. He wrote novels, short stories and poems. He wrote in both Urdu (Pakistan's national language) and in English.

He was born in Delhi, British India and later migrated to Pakistan after national independence in 1947. In 1932, he had helped write "Angaray" (Coals) a collection of short stories written by him and some other 'progressive' writers. Later, he wrote his most famous novel "Twilight in Delhi" (1940), and then "Purple Gold Mountain" (poems, 1960), "Ocean of Night" (novel, 1962), "Rats and Diplomats" (novel, 1984) and "The Prison-House" (short stories, 1985). He also translated some portions of the Quran from Arabic to English and also some Urdu poems by early poets, like Mirza Ghalib.

During the 1950s and 1960s Ali also worked as a diplomat at the Pakistani embasses in Moscow (Russia) and Morocco and in China.

Ahmad Ali did not write very much after the start of military rule in Pakistan by General Zia ul Haq, in 1977. After the late 1980s, he was an old and sick man and died in 1995

Kitchee S.C.

Kitchee Sports Club () is a Hong Kong sports club best known for its football team. Their home stadium is Mong Kok Stadium.

"Winners (6): 2014–15, 2016–17, 2017–18, 2019–20, 2020–21, 2022–23"

"Runners-up (1):" 2015–16
"Winners (6):" 1947–48, 1949–50, 1963–64, 2010–11, 2011–12, 2013–14

"Runners-up (7):" 1952–53, 1954–55, 1956–57, 2003–04, 2006–07, 2008–09, 2012–13
"Winners (8):" 1949–50, 1953–54, 1959–60, 1963–64, 2005–06, 2016–17, 2018–19, 2022–23

"Finalists (6):" 1948–49, 1951–52, 1955–56, 2007–08, 2009–10, 2014–15


"Winners (2):" 2017–18, 2019–20
"Winners (7):" 2011–12, 2012–13, 2014–15, 2016–17, 2017–18, 2018–19, 2022–23

"Finalists (2):" 2003–04, 2013–14


"Winners (5):" 2005–06, 2006–07, 2011–12, 2014–15, 2015–16


"Winners (2): 1951–52, 1998–99"


"Winners (1):" 2009


"Winners (2):" 2017, 2018

"Finalists (3)": 2014, 2015, 2016


"Winners (2):" 2012–13, 2015–16

Bochotnica

Bochotnica is a village in southeast Poland in Puławy County, Lublin Province. 1,500 people were living there in 2010.

Ariel Pink

Ariel Pink (born Ariel Marcus Rosenberg; June 24, 1978) is an American lo-fi musician. He is signed to 4AD. In 2014 his most recent album "Pom Pom" was released.

Graham Joyce

Dr. Graham Joyce (22 October 1954 - 9 September 2014) was an English writer of speculative fiction. He was the winner of many awards, including the O Henry Award, for both his novels and short stories. He was known for his book "Dreamside". He sold "Dreamside" to Pan Books in 1991.+

Joyce died on 9 September 2014. He had been diagnosed with lymphoma in 2013.


Grasshopper Club Zürich

Grasshopper Club Zürich is a Swiss multisports club based in Zürich. It is best known for its football team. It is the most successful football club in the country. Grasshopper won the most national championship titles (27) and Swiss Cups (19).
Grasshopper was founded on 1 September 1886 by Tom E. Griffith, an English student. The first Swiss championships ( "Serie A") were held in 1897–98 and were won by Grasshopper.


Mong Kok

Mong Kok is an area in Hong Kong. It is in the Yau Tsim Mong District in Kowloon.

There were protests in the area sometime in 2016 and the police had to fire pepper spray on the people there to get them out.

IPhone 6

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are smartphones that are designed and made by Apple Inc. They were announced along with the Apple Watch during an event on September 9, 2014. They both serve as a successor to the iPhone 5S. These models mark the first major increases in screen size since the screen of the iPhone 5, measuring at 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches.


Laura Bell Bundy

Laura Bell Bundy (born April 10, 1981) is an American actress and singer. She performed in many Broadway roles. She played Amber Von Tussle in the stage version of "Hairspray". She played Elle Woods in the stage version of "Legally Blonde".

Bundy was born in Lexington, Kentucky. She was also raised there.

Alex Avila

Alexander Thomas "Alex" Avila (born January 29, 1987) is an American professional baseball player. He plays catcher for the Minnesota Twins. He has also played for the Chicago Cubs, Chicago White Sox, and Detroit Tigers. He is 5' 11" tall and weighs 210 pounds. Avila was born in Hialeah, Florida.

Sean O'Haire

Sean Christopher Haire (February 25, 1971 – September 8, 2014) was an American professional wrestler, hair stylist, mixed martial artist and kickboxer. He was better known by his ring name Sean O'Haire. O'Haire was known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling (WCW), World Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Entertainment (WWF/E) and New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) in the early to mid-2000s. He was a three-time WCW World Tag Team Champion, winning the championship twice with Mark Jindrak and once with Chuck Palumbo. He was also named "Rookie of the Year" by the Wrestling Observer in 2000. He retired from professional wrestling in 2006 to compete in both mixed martial arts and kickboxing and then become a hair stylist.

On September 10, 2014, O'Haire's father found him hanged from a bedpost in his Spartanburg, South Carolina home. He had committed suicide the day prior, at 43 years old. It was reported that before his death, he had been battling depression and had been in a WWE-sponsored rehab six times for his substance abuse.



Jerome Ehlers

Jerome Francis Ehlers (20 December 1958 – 9 August 2014) was an Australian actor and screenwriter. His movie roles included "Two Hands" (1999), "Ned Kelly" (2003), "The Marine" (2006). He also made appearances in television series such as "The New Adventures of Flipper" and "House Husbands". He also wrote the movie "After the Rain" (2000).

Ehlers was born in Perth, Western Australia. He was married twice and had two sons, Ethan and Jackson.

Ehlers died from cancer on 9 August 2014 in Sydney, New South Wales. He was 55.


Firoza Begum

Firoza Begum (28 July 1930 – 9 September 2014) was a Bangladeshi musician. She was a "Nazrul Geeti" singer. She was considered an icon of the Indian subcontinent. In 1979, she was awarded with the Independence Day Award. She was also awarded the Sheltech Award in 2000.

Begum was born in Faridpur District, British Raj. Her family were Muslim. She was married to music director Kamal Das Gupta. They had three sons: Tahsin, Hamin and musician Shafin Ahmed.

Begum died from heart and kidney failure on 9 September 2014 in Dhaka. She was 84. At the time of her death, she also had jaundice.

Ventricles of brain

The ventricles are hollow spaces in the human brain. They contain cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). There are four ventricles in a human brain.
This is the ventricular system: it continues as the central canal of the spinal cord. The ventricles are interconnected: this allows the flow of cerebrospinal fluid. 

The ventricle lining is an epithelium-like membrane. The CSF is produced by cells of this lining.

Emilio Botín

Emilio Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y García de los Ríos (1 October 1934 – 10 September 2014) was a Spanish banker and businessman. He was the Executive Chairman of Grupo Santander until his death. The bank is the largest in the Eurozone. He was a billionaire.

Botín was born in Santander, Cantabria. He was married to Spanish nobility Paloma O'Shea, giving Botín an extended title. They had six children: Ana, Carmen, Carolina, Paloma, Javier and Emilio. He was a Roman Catholic.

Botín died from a heart attack on 10 September 2014 in Madrid. He was 79. His eldest daughter Ana now has his job as Chair of Santander.


Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Songs

The Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs is a "Billboard" chart that ranks the top 50 most popular R&B and Hip hop songs in the United States. The chart is ranked by "Billboard". Since it has started, the chart has been renamed many times to accurately reflect the music industry at that time. There is also a chart called the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles which ranks the top 25 songs that are making progress onto the main R&B/hip-hop chart.


Barnett Newman

Barnett Newman (January 29, 1905 – July 4, 1970) was an American artist. He is one of the major figures in abstract expressionism, and a leading "color field" painter.

Newman was born in New York City, the son of Jewish immigrants from Poland. He studied philosophy at the City College of New York and worked in his father's business making clothing. He later made a living as a teacher, writer and critic. From the 1930s on he made paintings said to be in an expressionist style. He later destroyed all these works.

Throughout the 1940s he worked in a surrealist vein before developing his mature style. This has areas of pure color separated by thin vertical lines, or "zips" as Newman called them. In the first works featuring zips, the color fields are variegated, but later the colors are pure and flat. Newman himself thought that he reached his fully mature style with the Onement series (from 1948). The zips define the spatial structure of the painting, while simultaneously dividing and uniting the composition.

Newman died of a heart attack in New York City. He was unappreciated as an artist for much of his life, being overlooked in favour of more colorful characters such as Jackson Pollock. Some critics wrote admiringly about him, but it was not until the end of his life that he began to be taken seriously. He was, however, an important influence on many younger artists.


Sunglasses

Sunglasses are dark tinted eyeglasses. They are often worn to protect the eyes from sunlight or as a fashion accessory. Some of the most popular brands include:

Common frame styles include

Common lens tints include

Tint intensities. The darkness of a lens tint is usually categorized in percentage or a category of four system.





Other words for sunglasses include:











New Valley Project

The New Valley Project consists of building a number of canals, to be able to irrigate parts of the desert in Egypt for the purpose of agriculture. The project was started in 1997. Its main canal should cover a distance of . In 2012, it was still away from the oasis it was supposed to reach. Other problems of the project include the fact that the soil is very salty in the desert, and that there are underground aquifers, which are a problem for the canals. When the land is irrigated, the salt would mix with the aquifers and would reduce access to drinking water. The clay minerals found in the soil are posing technical problems to the big wheeled structures moving around autonomously to irrigate the land. Often their wheels get stuck in a little bowl created by wet clay that dried, and the irrigation machines come to a standstill. The only objective met up to April 2012 is the diversion of water from Lake Nasser into what little of the Sheikh Zayed Canal has been built.

The Toshka Lakes are a by-product of the rising level of Lake Nasser and lie in the same general region as much of the New Valley Project.

Kelly Lynch

Kelly Lynch (born January 31, 1959) is an American actress. She played Connie in "Three of Hearts" and Madison Carter in "Virtuosity". She was born in Golden Valley, Minnesota.

Devil in a Blue Dress

Devil in a Blue Dress is a 1995 crime drama movie. It is set in the summer of 1948 in Los Angeles. It is about a World War II veteran who has been unfairly laid off from an aircraft manufacturer. Denzel Washington plays Ezekiel "Easy" Rawlins, a detective. Jennifer Beals plays Daphne Monet. It was based on the 1990 novel of the same name by Walter Mosley.

This movie was released on September 29, 1995. Most critics liked the movie.

Orunamamu

Orunamamu (Mary Beth Washington; 4 April 1921 4 September 2014) was an American-Canadian professional storyteller and teacher. Her storytelling led her on journeys across the United States including Alaska, overseas to the United Kingdom and Egypt. She moved to Canada during her final years.

Orunamamu died at the age of 93 in a hospital in Calgary, Alberta.


The Doom Generation

The Doom Generation is a 1995 comedy-thriller movie. It is about teenagers becoming involved in a ménage à trois. Parker Posey plays Brandi. Margaret Cho also stars in the movie.

This movie got mixed reviews from critics. Roger Ebert gave the movie a "zero star" rating.

Rashi Fein

Rashi Fein, Litt.D., Ph.D., (February 6, 1926 – September 8, 2014) was an American economist and professor. He was called the 'Father of Medicare'. He was Professor of Economics of Medicine, Emeritus at Harvard Medical School. He was the author of the book "Medical Care, Medical Costs: The Search for a Health Insurance Policy".

He was the brother of activist Leonard J. Fein.

Fein died in Boston, Massachusetts from unknown causes, aged 87.

Harold Shipp

Harold Gordon Shipp (January 21, 1926 – September 7, 2014) was a Canadian businessman and philanthropist. He was the chairman of Shipp Corporation Limited. He was born in East York of Toronto, Ontario.

Shipp died after a short illness at the Trillium Hospital in Mississauga, Ontario on September 7, 2014, aged 88.

Howell Evans

Howell Evans (3 March 1928 – 9 September 2014) was a Welsh actor, comedian, and singer. He worked in television and theatre. He worked more than 60 years. He played "Daddy" in the Sky1 TV comedy drama series "Stella".

Evans died on 9 September 2014. He was 86 years old.

Bob Suter

Robert Allen Suter (May 16, 1957 – September 9, 2014) was an American ice hockey player. He was a former ice hockey defenseman. He was a member of the Miracle on Ice 1980 U.S. Olympic hockey team won the gold medal.

He was the brother of former National Hockey League (NHL) player Gary Suter and father of current NHL player Ryan Suter and Garrett Suter who plays for the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point in the Northern Collegiate Hockey Association. His nephew Jeremy Dehner is currently playing for KHL team Jokerit.

Suter died on September 9, 2014, of a heart attack suffered at Capitol Ice Arena, aged 57.

Richard Kiel

Richard Dawson Kiel (September 13, 1939 – September 10, 2014) was an American actor. He was best known and remembered for his role as Voltaire to Dr. Miguelito Loveless in the first season episodes of "The Wild, Wild West" (1965-1966). Keil was also known for his prominent role as Jaws in the "James Bond movies" The Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker. Keil's movie and television acting career lasted over 50 years.

Kiel was born and raised in Detroit, Michigan. He then moved to Fresno, California and began his acting career in Hollywood.

Kiel began his acting career in 1960. His first television role was in the television show "Laramie" and his first movie role was in the 1961 movie "The Phantom Planet".

Kiel also played the role of the titanium-toothed Bond villain Jaws in the James Bond movies "The Spy Who Loved Me" (1977) and "Moonraker" (1985) as well as in the James Bond video game "". He also played Mr. Larson in the 1996 comedy film "Happy Gilmore".

In 1986, Kiel was nominated for a Saturn Award for his role as Jaws in both "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker".

Kiel's last television role was in the 2000 television series "Bloodhounds, Inc." and his last movie and voice role was in the 2010 animated movie "Tangled", where he provided the voice for the character of Vladimir, a gigantic but surprisingly softhearted thug who collects ceramic unicorns.

Kiel was originally married to Faye Daniels from 1960 until they divorced in 1973. Then, he was married for a second time to Diane Rogers from 1974 until his death in 2014. Both Kiel and Rogers had 4 children together.

Keil also had acromegaly, which creates too much growth hormones. In 2005, he also wrote his own autobiography ""Making It BIG In The Movies"".

Kiel died on September 10, 2014 in Fresno, California at the age of 74. Kiel died from a heart attack caused by coronary artery disease. He was 3 days away from turning 75. Prior to his death, Keil had been admitted to a hospital in Fresno after breaking his leg the previous week.

Apple Watch

The Apple Watch is an electronic watch from Apple Inc. It has been available to buy in stores and online since early 2015.

The Apple Watch can do things like measure your heartbeat and works like a walkie-talkie when used together with an iPhone 5 or a newer iPhone. It can also access the Internet to download and run apps. Because of this, many people call it a "smartwatch".

The Apple Watch was released on April 24, 2015 and quickly became the best-selling wearable device with 4.2 million sold in the second quarter of 2015.

The second generation of Apple Watches was released in September 2016: the Apple Watch Series 1 and Apple Watch Series 2, while the first generation was discontinued.

The Apple Watch Series 3 was released on September 22, 2017 alongside the discontinuation of the Apple Watch Series 2.

The Apple Watch Series 4 was announced on September 12, 2018.

The Apple Watch works with Apple Pay, a mobile payment service that allows you to use your Watch to pay for things. It was announced at the same event that the watch was announced. It can control the Apple TV, act as a walkie-talkie, and lets you control the iPhone camera.



Guilin

Guilin is a prefecture-level city in the northeast of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China. It is on the west bank of the Li River. It is next to Hunan to the north. Its name means, "Forest of Sweet Osmanthus". This is due to the large number of fragrant Sweet Osmanthus trees grown throughout the city. It has long been renowned for its scenery of karst rock formations. It has crystal clear (meaning as clear as glass) waters and many caves to explore. Guilin is one of China's most popular tourist destinations. It was the first city open to tourism after 1949. There are many tours including photographic tours.

Guilin covers an area of . It has a total population of about 5.3 million people.


Prism (geometry)

A prism is a three-dimensional shape, which is made of two polygons at each of its two ends. Each pair of polygon sides on the same axis will have a quadrilateral (four-sided shape) face between them.

There are an infinite number of different prisms, which can be based on a polygon with any number of sides.

A cube is a special kind of prism with squares for the faces on its ends and for the faces between them.

Sachal Sarmast

Hazrat "Sain" (Saint) Sachal Sarmast (1730-1829), whose real name was Abdul Wahab Faruqi, was a famous mystic poet and Sufi of Sindh (now in Pakistan). 

Sachal was a person who loved God and wrote beautiful poems about this special love of his. He spent most of his life teaching that all human beings, of all religions and colours and groups etc, are bound together by the Divine Love.

His shrine is at Daraza village, Ranipur, close to Khairpur, Pakistan. 

Qutb Shah

Qutb Shah or Qutub Shah was a Sufi Muslim preacher and a religious scholar, a hero, he ruled in Herat Afghanistan in first quarter of 11th century. 

He belonged to Imamia sect of Islam, later he was influenced by the teachings of his cousin, Abdul Qadir Gilani, and ended up becoming a Hanbali-Zaydi. His Hanbali-Zaydi Sufi school tries to integrate perfectionism of commandments and agape oriented activism. Ibn Arabi also tried this synergy by admiring Ibn Hazm which raised legal paradoxes and became controversial in ultranomian circles. 

Qutb Shah, in first quarter of 11th century, ruled Herat (then Khorasan), where supposedly there was a power vacuum, and people made him their ruler due to his Religious Stature. After taking the throne of Herat, he also joined forces with Mahmud of Ghazni when Mahmud invaded Sub-continent. He ruled Herat until his death. All of his children migrated to modern-day Pakistan, and settled near Salt Range, on his command. He is considered to be the primary ancestor of the Awans.  He is buried in Iraq near Imam Musa Kazim.

Jennie Wade

Mary Virginia "Jennie" (sometimes "Ginnie") Wade (May 21, 1843 – July 3, 1863), was a woman from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. She was the only Gettysburg civilian killed directly during the Battle of Gettysburg. The house where she was killed is now a museum called the "Jennie Wade House."

Wade was born in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. The house where she was born still stands. When she was a young woman, she and her mother worked as seamstresses. They lived in a house on Breckenridge Street. Wade's father was a tailor. He lived in a psychiatric hospital.

Wade may have been engaged to marry Johnston Hastings "Jack" Skelly. He was an officer in the Union Army. His picture was found in her pocket after her death. Skelly was wounded in the Second Battle of Winchester. He died from his injuries on July 12, 1863. He did not know that Wade had died days earlier. Skelly and Wade were childhood friends. Only one letter between the two survived the war. There was nothing in it about a romantic relationship.

The first day of the Battle of Gettysburg was July 1, 1863. Early in the morning, Wade and others went to the house of Wade's sister, Georgia McClellan. They planned to help Georgia with her five-day-old baby.

McClellan's house was at 528 Baltimore Street. That was between the armies of the North (the Union) and the South (the Confederacy). The house was hit by 150 bullets during the battle. An artillery shell went through the roof. It did not explode. It stayed where it fell for the next 15 years.

In the early morning of July 3, 1863, Wade was in the kitchen of her sister's home. She was making biscuits and bread for Union soldiers. A bullet came through two doors and hit Wade. It went through her left shoulder blade and through her heart. It stopped in her corset. She was killed instantly. Nobody knows which side fired the shot. Some writers say it was an unknown Confederate soldier. Jennie Wade was the only Gettysburg civilian killed directly during the Battle of Gettysburg.

Three Union soldiers found Wade's body almost right away. They told the rest of her family. The family took shelter in the cellar. Wade's body was placed in a coffin that was meant for a Confederate officer. She was buried in the back yard of her sister's house. On July 4, Wade's mother finished making the bread from the dough that Wade had prepared. In January 1864, Wade's body was moved to the cemetery of the German Reformed Church on Stratton Street in Gettysburg.

Wade received much attention from newspaper writers after her death. Most writers called her a heroine. Some writers did not have good things to say about her. She was accused of having visitors late at night. Other writers said that she was too friendly with Confederate soldiers.

In November 1865, Wade's body was buried in the Evergreen Cemetery in Gettysburg near Jack Skelly. Gettysburg resident Anna M. Miller designed a monument to Wade. It was put in the cemetery in 1900. This monument includes a Flag of the United States that flies around the clock. The Betsy Ross House in Philadelphia is the only other site devoted to a woman that has a flag flying at all times.



Rob Pilatus

Robert Pilatus (also "Rob"; June 8, 1964 or 1965 – April 2, 1998) was an American-German model, dancer and singer. He and musician Fabrice Morvan were the musical group Milli Vanilli.

Pilatus and Morvan released an album called "Girl You Know It's True". This album sold seven million copies. Later people learned that Pilatus and Morvan did not actually sing on the album. When they performed songs from the album on stage, they had lip-synched instead of singing.

After not making a record for a long time, Pilatus and Morvan made the album "Rob & Fab". That album sold only 2,000 copies. The record label went bankrupt shortly thereafter.

Pilatus was born in Munich to a German mother and African-American father. He was adopted as an infant and raised in Munich. He tried to commit suicide many times. He was found dead in a Frankfurt hotel from a mix of alcohol and prescription pill accidental overdose. He was in his early 30s.

Frank Farian

Franz Reuther (18 July 1941 – 23 January 2024), better known as Frank Farian, was a German record producer and songwriter. He is best known as founder of the 1970s disco group Boney M. He created the group Milli Vanilli. He has also been associated with other music groups.

He was born in Kirn, Germany. Farian died in Miami on 23 January 2024, at the age of 82.

Joachim Fuchsberger

Joachim "Blacky" Fuchsberger (pronounced ; 11 March 1927 – 11 September 2014) was a German-Australian actor, television host, lyricist and businessman. He was known for his roles in "08/15", "Der Frosch mit der Maske", "The Dead Eyes of London", "The Black Abbott", and in "Im Banne des Unheimlichen".

Fuchsberger died from multiple organ failure at his German home on 11 September 2014, aged 87.

Antoine Duhamel

Antoine Duhamel (30 July 1925 – 11 September 2014) was a French composer, orchestra conductor and music teacher.

Duhamel was born in Valmondois in the Val-d'Oise département of France. Duhamel was the son of French writer Georges Duhamel and actress Blanche Albane. He studied music at the Sorbonne.

He wrote the score for his first movie in 1960. In 2002 he was awarded the Silver Bear at the Berlin Film Festival for his music for the Bertrand Tavernier directed movie, Laissez-passer.

Antoine Duhamel scored several of Jean-Luc Godard's movies, including "Pierrot le Fou" and "Week End".

Duhamel died in Paris, France, aged, 89.

Savannah cat

The Savannah cat is a breed of cat. It is the size of a medium dog. The breed is a combination of the serval and the domestic cat. It is a hybrid feline developed by crossing a domestic cat with a serval for a number of generations.

The bodies of Savannahs are long and leggy. When a Savannah is standing, its hind-end is often higher than its shoulders. The small head is taller than wide, and it has a long, slender neck. The backs of the ears have vivid markings, very clear in the first illustration. This is inherited from the serval cat. In the wild this lets kittens know where the mother is heading. In grass the kits can jump up to get a sight of their mothers' ears. This is important because servals can cover a lot of territory very quickly.

Serval cats can jump over 9 feet high from a standing start. Savannahs also jump high, but how high depends on the individual. They sometimes jump on top of doors, or onto shelves. They love the water. They have very few health issues. They make a hissing noise that sounds like a snake. Overall, they are active and intelligent. 

The most serval-like cats are the F1 hybrids. Most later crosses are Savannah to Savannah. That, and outcrosses to other breeds, make the cats less distinctive: see second illustration.

These cats are not allowed in Hawaii, Alabama, and some other U.S. states. They are banned from Australia. The reasoning is that their extra size and capability might put even more of its precious native animals at risk.

Johnny Ace

John Marshall Alexander Jr. (June 9, 1929 – December 25, 1954), known by the stage name Johnny Ace, was an American rhythm-and-blues singer. He had many hit singles in his career. One of them was "Pledging My Love".

John Alexander was born in Memphis, Tennessee, the son of preacher John Marshall Alexander and Leslie Newsome, and grew up near LeMoyne-Owen College. He dropped out of high school to join the United States Navy. Alexander was reportedly AWOL for much of his duty. After he was discharged, Alexander joined Adolph Duncan's Band as a pianist, playing around Beale Street in Memphis. The network of local musicians became known as the Beale Streeters, which included B. B. King, Bobby Bland, Junior Parker, Earl Forest, and Roscoe Gordon. Initially, they weren't an official band, but at times there was a leader and they played on each other's records.

He died after accidentally shooting himself in Houston, Texas. He was 25.

Norman Cook

Norman Cook (born Quentin Leo Cook on 16 July 1963), known by his stage name Fatboy Slim, is an English musician, disc jockey, rapper, and record producer. He is known for songs like "Weapon of Choice", "The Rockafeller Skank", "Praise You", "Eat Sleep Rave Repeat", and "Right Here Right Now".

Cook was born in Bromley, Kent. He was raised in Reigate, Surrey. He married Zoe Ball in 1999. The couple have a son and daughter. They separated in 2016. 

City Slickers

City Slickers is a 1991 western-comedy-drama movie. It stars Billy Crystal, Daniel Stern, Bruno Kirby, Patricia Wetting, Jeffrey Tambor, Phill Lewis, and Jack Palance. For his performance as Curly Washburn, Palance won an Academy Award for his role.

This movie got mostly positive review from critics. It was released on June 7, 1991.

Ayaan Hirsi Ali

Ayaan Hirsi Ali (born 13 November 1969) is a Dutch-American activist who was born in Somalia. She is known for being critical of female genital mutilation and Islam. She is the daughter of Somali politician Hirsi Magan Isse. In 2005 Hirsi Ali was in "Time" magazine's list of the 100 most influential people in the world. Hirsi Ali became an American citizen in 2013. She is married to British historian and public commentator Niall Ferguson.

Hirsi Ali was born as Ayaan Hirsi Magan in 1969 in Mogadishu, Somalia. Her father Hirsi Magan Isse was put in prison when Hirsi Ali was a baby. She had female genital mutilation done to her when she was five years old. Hirsi Ali's family moved with her to Saudi Arabia then Ethiopia. In 1980 they moved again to Nairobi, Kenya. Hirsi Ali studied at a Muslim Girls' Secondary School.

In 1992 Hirsi Ali moved to the Netherlands. Between 1995 and 2001 she worked as a translator. 
She started working as a researcher for the Wiardi Beckman Foundation in 2001.
In 2002 she became an atheist. She became a member of the Dutch parliament in 2003. Hirsi Ali wrote the script for a short film directed by Theo Van Gogh called "Submission". It was released in 2004. Mohammed Bouyeri killed Van Gogh on 2 November 2004. He left a note on Gogh's body. The note was a death threat to Hirsi Ali. In 2006 Hirsi Ali's second book translated in English, "The Caged Virgin: An Emancipation Proclamation for Women and Islam", was published.

In 2013 Hirsi Ali became a naturalized US citizen.

In 2014 Brandeis University decided to give Hirsi Ali an honorary degree. Then she was not given the degree because of a campaign.

Hirsi Ali supports Israel in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.

In 2007 Hirsi Ali started the AHA Foundation. The foundation is for women's rights.


Ginger Snaps

Ginger Snaps is a 2000 horror movie. It is about two teenage sisters who have a fascination for death. Katharine Isabelle plays Ginger.

The movie was released in 2000. Critics liked it.

Bob Crewe

Stanley Robert "Bob" Crewe (November 12, 1931 – September 11, 2014) was an American singer-songwriter, dancer, manager, record producer and fine artist. His main genre of musical work was rock, pop, R&B and soul. He was best known for his work with "Jersey Boys" and The Four Seasons. His work with Frankie Valli and Bob Gaudio, made a string of Top 10 singles for The Four Seasons. He was also known for his hit recordings with Freddy Cannon, Lesley Gore, Michael Jackson, Bobby Darin, Roberta Flack and Patti LaBelle.

Crewe was born in Newark, New Jersey and raised in Belleville.

Crewe died on September 11, 2014 at his nursing home in Scarborough, Maine. He was 82.


Software as a service

Software as a service is the idea that clients access and use software using a thin client or a web browser. SaaS is also known as on-demand software, web-based software, or web-hosted software. The software itself is running on computers accessible through the Internet ("in the cloud"). Clients usually pay a fee to get access to the software. The benefit of this approach is that clients do not need to manage the software installation, and that they also do not need expensive hardware. Software providers do not need to use traditional methods of supply, such as distributors, to sell software to clients. One of the problems is that the data is also on the site of the company running the software - that is "in the cloud". Getting the data may be difficult, if the software vendor goes bankrupt. Richard Stallman of the Free Software Foundation considers SaaS as a violation of the principles of free software, because users have no access to the program that runs the software, and hence do not know what it does, and cannot change it.

Donald Sinden

Sir Donald Alfred Sinden (9 October 1923 – 11 September 2014) was a British actor and writer. He got early fame as a Rank Organisation movie actor in the 1950s. He later became a Shakespearian and West End theatre actor and television sitcom star. He starred in "The Day of the Jackal" (1973). He appeared in the television series "Two's Company" with American actress Elaine Stritch from 1975 until 1979. He and actor Windsor Davies starred in "Never the Twain" from 1981 until 1991. His final acting credit was in 2012.

Sinden was born at St Budeaux in Plymouth, Devon. He grew up in Ditchling, Sussex. He was married to actress Diana Mahony from 3 May 1948 until her death from cancer on 15 September 2004, aged 77. They had two sons, actor Jeremy Sinden (1950–1996) and producer Marc Sinden (born 1954). Jeremy died from lung cancer, aged 45.

Sinden died from prostate cancer on 11 September 2014 in Romney Marsh, Kent, aged 90.

Atef Ebeid

Atef Muhammad Ebeid (<nowiki></nowiki>; 14 April 1932 – 12 September 2014) was an Egyptian politician. He was a member of the National Democratic Party. He served as the Prime Minister of Egypt from 5 October 1999 until 14 July 2004. Ahmed Nazif became PM after Atef Ebeid. He was sentenced to ten years in jail on 1 March 2012 for squandering public funds. He was acquitted in January 2013.

Ebeid was born in Tanta, Gharbiya Governorate to a Muslim family. He went to Cairo University and later became a teacher there.

Ebeid died on 12 September 2014 in Cairo, aged 82.

Annie Khalid

Annie Khalid or just Annie (or real name Noor al Ain Khalid) (born 1987) is a British-Pakistani music star and diva. She started her career in 2006. She sings in Urdu, Punjabi and English languages. 

Her major hit singles so far include "Mahiya" (2007), "Awarapan" (2007), "By my Baby" (2010), "Vari vari jawan" (2011) and "Tharki sala" (2014). Her best-selling album so far is "Princess".

Annie was for a short time married to a criminal multi-millionaire Pakistani, settled in Dubai, called Malik Noureed Awan. But this man was very violent and he used to beat and abuse her, so she left him. 

Indian Military Historical Society

The Indian Military Historical Society is an organisation in the United Kingdom (UK).It was made in 1983.

The main purpose of the Society is to encourage research and study of the history of the old colonial British Indian Army, although some study is also done on the present day Indian Army and Pakistan Army too. Members of this organisation belong to the UK, and many countries from the British Commonwealth of Nations. It also publishes a well-known journal, "Durbar", in which many historians and scholars print their research work. 

Royal Asiatic Society

The Royal Asiatic Society (RAS), in full the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland was made in 1824, under a Royal Charter.

The main aim of this Society is to study and to do research on all kinds of subjects about Asia. The members (called 'Fellows') live in the United Kingdom and many other countries of the world, and they write 'FRAS' after their names, to show they are its members.

The Society also publishes the famous journal, "Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society".


Niscemi

Niscemi is a town and "comune" in the province of Caltanissetta, Sicily, Italy. It has a population of 28,152.

John Bardon

John Michael Jones, better known as John Bardon (25 August 1939 – 12 September 2014), was an English stage and movie actor. He was awarded the Laurence Olivier Award in 1988 (1987 season) as 'Best Actor in a Musical' for "Kiss Me, Kate". Bardon was known for his role as Jim Branning on the popular BBC television series, "EastEnders".

On 12 September 2014 the BBC announced that Bardon had died at the age of 75 in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, England.

Stefan Gierasch

Stefan Gierasch (February 5, 1926 – September 6, 2014) was an American movie and television actor. He was known for his roles in "The Hustler", "Jeremiah Johnson", "What's Up Doc?" "High Plains Drifter", and "Carrie".

Gierasch died on September 6, 2014 in Santa Monica, California at the age of 88.

Delayed sleep phase disorder

Delayed sleep phase disorder is a circadian rhythm sleep disorder. It affects the timing of sleep. It has an effect on the time when a person is most alert during the day. It also affects core body temperature rhythm and other daily rhythms. People with DSPD generally fall asleep after midnight. They have difficulty waking up in the morning. Affected people usually have normal need for sleep. This condition usually develops in childhood or adolescence. DSPD is a life-long condition.

Napoleonic Code

The Napoleonic Code ‒ or Code Napoléon, officially the Code civil des Français ‒ is the French civil code established under Napoléon I in 1804. Four judges wrote the Code for Napoleon, to replace the many different kinds of law in different places. It did not allow privileges based on birth (such as nobility), established equality before the law and secured the right to property. It allowed freedom of religion. It also set up a system of Civil service where government jobs would go to the most qualified. 

Due to the Napoleonic Wars the Napoleonic code became an influence on most of Europe. In particular, it influenced countries such as Italy, Spain, Portugal, Latin American countries, the province of Quebec and the state of Louisiana in the United States. It influenced all other former French colonies which base their civil law systems on the Napoleonic Code. The code of 1804: 

Denny Miller

Denny Scott Miller (born Dennis Linn Miller; April 25, 1934 – September 9, 2014) was an American actor. He was best best known for his role as Tarzan in the movie "Tarzan, the Ape Man" (1959). He also appeared in many television series such as "Wagon Train", "Gilligan's Island", "Magnum, P.I.", "The Brady Bunch" and "Gunsmoke".

Miller was born in Bloomington, Indiana. He was married to Kit Smythe until their divorce. He was later married to Nancy Miller until his death.

Miller died from Lou Gehrig's disease on September 9, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was 80. He was also diagnosed with the disease in January 2014.


Gerrit Kouwenaar

Gerrit Kouwenaar (9 August 1923 – 4 September 2014) was a Dutch journalist, translator, poet and prose writer. He began working in 1941. He was a member of the Dutch poetry group known as the Vijftigers. He worked for magazines and newspapers such as "Vrij Nederland", "De Waarheid" and "Het Vrije Volk". During the mid-1940s, he worked for the illegal newspaper "Parade der Profeten". He was arrested for this and sentenced to half a year in jail. In 1970, he was given the P. C. Hooft Award.

Kouwenaar was born in Amsterdam, North Holland. He was a resistance fighter during World War II. The painter and poet David Kouwenaar (1921–2011) was an older brother his. He retired in 2008.

Kouwenaar died on 4 September 2014 in Amsterdam, aged 91.


Sun Tower

The Sun Tower is a Beaux-Arts building at 128 West Pender Street in Vancouver, British Columbia. The building is known for its faux-patina steel dome painted to imitate copper cladding.

The building was commissioned by L. D. Taylor to house his newspaper, The Vancouver World. It was designed by W. T. Whiteway, who was also the designer for the original Woodward's building nearby. After the building was finished in 1912, it was called The World Building. It became the tallest building in the British Empire at 82 m (269 ft). It surpassed the former record-holder, the Dominion Building which is located just around the corner. It was also the tallest building in Canada for two years until Toronto's 20-story Optima Business Centre opened in 1914 and surpassed it. In 1918, many Vancouverites turned out to watch Harry Gardiner, the "Human Fly", scale the outside of the building.

The building was bought by The Vancouver Sun in 1937 and was it was renamed. Although The Vancouver Sun newspaper had long since moved, first to South Granville then to Granville Square, the building has kept the name. The outside of the building was used as the Watchtower in Smallville. The tower had to be digitally enhanced to look taller. In some of the shots, the tower is the highest building in Metropolis. The building was also used as Chance's and Winston's office in the television show Human Target.

On March 19, 2008, it was announced that Sun Capital had bought the building on March 17. After they bought it, they overhauled the fabric and interiors of the building. In turn, the building was sold to the current owners Allied Properties REIT in August 2011. The heritage building is promised to be restored by the new owners.


Kendall Francois

Kendall Francois (July 26, 1971 – September 11, 2014) was an American serial killer. Francois was born in Poughkeepsie, New York. He killed eight female prostitutes between October 1996 and August 1998 in Poughkeepsie, New York. He would strangle his victims and hide their dead bodies inside his home. The victims were aged between 25 and 51. For these crimes, he was sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole on August 11, 2000. He served his jail time at the Wende Correctional Facility in Alden, New York.

Francois died from apparent natural causes on September 11, 2014 at the Wende Correctional Facility, aged 43.


William Dalrymple

William Hamilton Dalrymple (b. 1965) is a British writer and historian.

He has written a number of books, especially on the history of India, like "The Age of Kali" (1998), "The White Mughals" (2002), "The Last Mughal" (2006) and some others. 

Richard Francis Burton

Captain Sir Richard Francis Burton (1821–1890) was a famous English explorer, writer, translator, ethnologist, spy and soldier.

He traveled a lot in Asia, Africa and the Americas. As a spy for the British government, he was also among the very few Western Christian people who secretly managed to visit the Islamic holy city of Mecca, in Arabia, at the time of the Hajj 

He is also famous for his English language translation of the Arabic book, "One Thousand and One Nights" (also called "The Arabian Nights"). 

Margaret Palm

Margaret Palm (born ca. 1836) was an African-American woman. She lived in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania with her husband and son during the middle nineteenth century. She was a "conductor" on the Underground Railroad. She was called "Maggie Bluecoat" for the blue military uniform coat (ca. 1812) she wore while guiding slaves to safety. She always carried a gun to protect herself and her passengers.

Palm was so notorious for helping slaves escape that on several occasions slave-owners from Maryland attempted to kidnap her and sell her into slavery to put an end to her practices. David Schick, whose father was Palm’s employer, recounted one of these episodes:

“She lived up Long Lane, back of the old fair grounds. On this occasion she was attacked by a group of men who made the attempt to kidnap her and take her south where they expected to sell her and derive quite a profit. She was a powerful woman, and they would have, from the sale, derived quite a profit. These men succeeded in tying Mag’s hands...She was fighting them as best as she could with her hands tied. She would attempt to slow them and succeeded in one instance in catching [an attacker’s] thumb in her mouth and bit the thumb off. John Karseen, who was crippled and ran a novelty shop on Baltimore Street, happened along at just the right time and by using his crutch was able to assist Mag in her fight with these kidnappers and drove them off and freed her from her bonds.” She escaped. When she heard the two strangers had returned to Gettysburg, she ran home and got a shotgun. 

Joe Sample

Joseph Leslie "Joe" Sample (February 1, 1939 – September 12, 2014) was an American pianist, keyboard player and composer. He was one of the founding members of the Jazz Crusaders. 

Sample died in Houston, Texas, on September 12, 2014. He was 75 years old.


Kamal Ganzouri

Kamal Ganzouri (, ‎; 12 January 1933 – 31 March 2021) was an Egyptian economist and politician. He was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 7 December 2011 to 24 July 2012. He was also prime minister from 1996 to 1999. He succeeded Atef Sedki and was succeeded by Atef Ebeid. He was called "Minister of the Poor" and "the Opposition Minister". This was because of how he dealt with poor people and the opposition. Before becoming prime minister, Ganzouri was Minister of Planning and International Cooperation. On 24 November 2011, Egypt's military rulers made him prime minister. He took office on 7 December 2011.

Ganzouri died in Cairo on 31 March 2021 at the age of 88.

Wild at Heart

Wild at Heart is a 1990 American crime thriller movie. It is about a young couple from Cape Fear, North Carolina who go on the run. Nicolas Cage plays Sailor, Laura Dern plays Lula Fortune, Diane Ladd plays Marietta, Isabella Rossellini plays Perdita.

This movie was released on August 17, 1990. It got mostly good reviews by the critics.

Wild Camp

Wild Camp (French title: "Camping sauvage") is a 2005 French drama movie. It was released on DVD on February 13, 2007. It is about Camille, a 17 year old girl who lives in a holiday camp with her family and her boyfriend Fred.

This movie was nominated for a Golden Zenith at the Montréal World Film Festival.


Sarah Grimké

Sarah Moore Grimké (November 26, 1792 – December 23, 1873) was an American abolitionist and feminist. Grimké was born in South Carolina. She died in 1873.

Joseph Shivers

Joseph Clois Shivers, Jr. (November 29, 1920 – September 1, 2014) was an American textile chemist. He was from West Chester, Pennsylvania. Shivers was best known for developing Spandex.

On September 1, 2014, Shivers died in Venice, Florida, aged 93.

Adam Berti

Adam Berti (born July 1, 1986) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger. Berti played 2 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Blackhawks. He also played for the Pensacola Ice Pilots, Fresno Falcons, and Gwinnett Gladiators of the ECHL.

Before playing in the NHL, Berti played 4 seasons with the Oshawa Generals and 1 season with the Erie Otters of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was drafted with the 68th overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. On May 26, 2006, the Blackhawks signed Berti to a three-year contract.

He was assigned to the Blackhawks' AHL-affiliate, Norfolk Admirals. He played 1 season with them. When the Blackhawks switched their affiliate to the Rockford IceHogs, he was assigned to them. On April 4, 2008, the Blackhawks recalled Berti from the IceHogs. He played 2 games with them and was assigned back to the IceHogs on April 8, 2008.

He played 1 season with the Fresno Falcons and 2 seasons with the Gwinnett Gladiators of the ECHL. He retired afterwards.


Arch A. Moore Jr.

Arch Alfred Moore, Jr. (April 16, 1923 – January 7, 2015) was an American politician and former lawyer. He began his political career as a state legislator in 1952. He was elected the 28th and 30th Governor of West Virginia from 1969 until 1977 and again from 1985 until 1989. He was a member of the Republican Party. His daughter, Shelley Moore Capito, is the current senator of West Virginia.

He was eventually prosecuted for and pleaded guilty to five felony charges. In 1990 he was sentenced to five years and ten months in prison. He served over three years before his release. 


John Franzese

John "Sonny" Franzese, Sr. (February 6, 1917 – February 24, 2020) was an Italian-American longtime member and underboss of the Colombo crime family. Franzese was famous as the oldest active member of the American Mafia. Franzese was an associate producer of the 2002 movie "This Thing of Ours".

Franzese was born in Naples and raised in New York City.

He also helped pay the $22,000 budget of the 1972 pornographic movie "Deep Throat" and the 1974 slasher movie "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre", which earned over $30 million from a $80,000–140,000 investment.

Franzese was released from the Federal Medical Center in Devens, Massachusetts on June 23, 2017, at the age of 100.

Franzese died on February 24, 2020, in a New York City hospital at the age of 103.


Gisèle Casadesus

Gisèle Casadesus (14 June 1914 – 24 September 2017) was a French actress. She was known for her roles in "Du Guesclin", "Verdict", "The Children of the Marshland", "What Love May Bring", and in "My Afternoons with Marguerite".

She was an honorary member of the Sociétaires of the Comédie-Française, Grand Officer of the Legion of Honor, Officer of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, and "Grand-Croix" of the National Order of Merit. Her career has lasted for nearly 80 years.

Casadesus died on 24 September 2017 in Paris of respiratory failure at the age of 103.


Diane Birch

Diane Birch (born January 24, 1983) is an American singer-songwriter. Her album, "Bible Belt", was released in 2009. Her second album, "Speak a Little Louder", was released in 2013.

She was born in Michigan.

Adrianne Palicki

Adrianne Palicki (born May 6, 1983) is an American actress. She was born in Toledo, Ohio.

Palicki has acted in both television series and movies. She was in the television series "Friday Night Lights" (2006–2011) and "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." (2014–2016). She acted in "Legion" (2010), "Red Dawn" (2012), "" (2013), and "John Wick" (2014).

Betty Azar

Betty Schrampfer Azar is an expert on teaching and learning English grammar. She wrote the "Azar Grammar Series" for students of English as a second or foreign language. This series is used by teachers and students all over the world. It has been very popular for more than thirty years.

Azar thinks teaching grammar is a good way to teach a new language. Students should start by learning about grammar, and that will help them learn all language skills — speaking, listening, writing, and reading.
There are four editions of Azar's book series. Stacy A. Hagen became Azar's co-author 2006, so now the books are called the "Azar-Hagen Grammar Series".

There are three main textbooks in the series:


American Bobtail

The American Bobtail is a breed of cat. It has a short "bobbed" tail about one-third to one-half the length of a normal cat's tail. This is because of a genetic mutation that affects the way their tail develops. This mutation also happens with the Manx cat. 

The American Bobtail looks like the Japanese Bobtail, but they are not in the same cat breed family. The genetic mutations for their bobbed tails are different because the gene for the American Bobtail's tail is dominant and the Japanese Bobtail's is recessive.

American Bobtails can have either short or long-haired fur coats. Their coat is shaggy instead of fluffy. They can have any color of eyes and coat. They look like a "wild" tabby cat. Their eyes are almond shaped. They have a long and strong body. Their tail is short, but the end of it can be seen above their back. It can be straight or curved, slightly knotted or may have bumps. These cats take two to three years to grow from kittens into adult cats.

American Bobtails are playful and have a lot of energy. They are friendly and are not shy. These cats are intelligent. Some have been clever enough to escape from rooms and cages with closed and latched doors. Since they are playful and want attention, they will beg for it by meowing or just by hopping into laps. 

An urban legend says that Bobtail cats began by cross mating a domestic tabby cat and a wild bobcat. Their unusual tail is really an accidental genetic mutation in the cat world. It may be related to the Manx gene, which is also dominant. The first Bobtail cat's parents were a short-tailed brown tabby cat male named Yodie and a seal point Siamese female in the late 1960s. This cat was born in Arizona near an American Indian reservation. Yodie's family breed was not known. It was thought to have been a bobcat and domestic cat hybrid because of its stubby tail. 

The breed was first recognized by The International Cat Association in the United States, in 1989.


Meghan Trainor

Meghan Elizabeth Trainor (born December 22, 1993) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She was born and raised in Nantucket, Massachusetts. The president of Epic Records, L.A. Reid, discovered Trainor and signed her to a record contract. She became famous through her song "All About That Bass", which reached number one in several countries around the world, including the US, UK, Canada, and Australia. Trainor's debut major label album, "Title", spawned three other successful singles: "Lips Are Movin'", "Dear Future Husband", and "Like I'm Gonna Lose You" which features R&B singer John Legend. Trainor also recorded, co-wrote, and co-produced the song "Better When I'm Dancin'", which is featured during the closing credits of "The Peanuts Movie". She was featured on singer-songwriter Charlie Puth's single "Marvin Gaye".

At the 2016 Grammy Awards, Trainor won the award for Best New Artist. On March 5, 2016, she released the lead single from her second major-label album, "Thank You", titled "No". "Thank You" was released on May 13, 2016. "Me Too" was released on May 5, 2016, as the second single from the album.

In 2017, she became engaged to actor Daryl Sabara, who is known for his role in the movie "Spy Kids", after dating since 2016. In 2018, she released the single "No Excuses" and announced that she was working on a new album. That year, she and Sabara were married and they have a son, Riley born in 2020.



Sarah Waters

Sarah Waters (born 21 July 1966) is a Welsh novelist. She is known for novels set in the Victorian era and featuring lesbian protagonists. Her books include "Tipping the Velvet" and "The Night Watch".

She was born in Neyland, Pembrokeshire, Wales. She is openly lesbian and lives in London.

Stefan Löfven

Kjell Stefan Löfven (born 21 July 1957) was the Prime Minister of Sweden from 2014 until 2021. He was a leader of a Swedish trade union from 2006 to 2012. And he has been the leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party since 2012. On 14 September 2014, he lead his party in the 2014 Swedish general election to become Sweden's new Prime Minister. Löfven was elected Prime Minister and took office in October 2014.

On 22 August 2021, Löfven announced that he would retire as Leader of the Social Democrats at the November party congress, and would resign as Prime Minister upon the election of his successor.

Alter Echo

Alter Echo is a third-person action video game published by THQ and developed by Outrage Entertainment. It was released for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox. It was released on August 19, 2003 in North America and on October 3, 2003 in the PAL region.

The received mixed reviews from critics. IGN rated the game a 6.8 out of 10.

GameSpot gave the game a 7.5 out of 10 and Jeff Gerstmann of GameSpot wrote that "It would have been nice to have seen some more variety in the environments, and the instances of backtracking through areas you've already visited are disappointing. But the game's exciting, free-form combat makes up for those deficiencies."

Anwar Kamal Pasha

Anwar Kamal Pasha (1927-1987) was a famous early Pakistani film director and producer from Lahore. He dominated the first 20 years of Pakistani cinema. He was the son of noted poet and scholar, Hakim Ahmad Shuja who named him after the Turkish leader Enver Kemal Pasha.

Some of Pasha's top hit films were "Do Ansoo" (1949), "Gumnaam" (1954), "Qatil" (1955), "Sarfarosh" (1956) and "Anarkali" (1958). From the 1960s, he gradually started making less films and his popularity grew less. 

Anthem of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic

The State Anthem of the Azerbaijan SSR () was the national anthem of Azerbaijan when it was a republic of the Soviet Union. It was then known as the Azerbaijan SSR.

The anthem was used from 1944 to 1992. It was composed by Uzeyir Hajibeyov, who also composed the March of Azerbaijan, the current national anthem of Azerbaijan. Suleyman Rustam, Samad Vurgun and Huseyn Arif wrote the lyrics which were changed in 1978 to remove mentions of Joseph Stalin. Like many national anthems of the republics of the Soviet Union, this song praised Vladimir Lenin (and formerly Joseph Stalin as well), the October Revolution and Communism. It also praised the friendship of the republics of the Soviet Union. It was the anthem of Azerbaijan when it gained independence until 1992 when the March of Azerbaijan was restored.



Yoshiko Ōtaka

Ōtaka died at the age of 94 in Tokyo, Japan from heart failure.

Marvin Cheung

Marvin Cheung Kin-tung, GBS (2000), OBE (1994), JP (20 November 1947 – 13 September 2014) was a Hong Kong businessman and civil servant. He was a Non-official Member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. He was the Chairman of the Airport Authority Hong Kong and a Council Member of the Open University of Hong Kong.

Cheung died in Hong Kong at the age of 67 from leukemia.


Milan Galić

Milan Galić (; 8 March 1938 – 13 September 2014) was a Serbian footballer. He scored 37 international goals in 51 matches for the Yugoslavia national football team. He participated in the 1960 Summer Olympics, winning the gold medal, the 1960 UEFA European Football Championship, where Yugoslavia finished second (despite his goal in the final), and the 1962 FIFA World Cup, where Yugoslavia finished fourth. 

Galić died in Belgrade, Serbia, aged 76.

Partizan

Standard Liège

Yugoslavia


Frank Torre

Frank Joseph Torre (December 30, 1931 – September 13, 2014) was an American baseball player. He was first baseman in Major League Baseball. Torre who batted and threw left-handed. He played for the Milwaukee Braves (1956–60) and Philadelphia Phillies (1962–63). He was the older brother of Hall of Famer Joe Torre.

Torre died in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida from cardiac arrest, aged 82.

100,000-year problem

The amount of incoming solar radiation, also called insolation determines the temperature on Earth. This temperature rises and falls according to the strength of radiation given off by the sun, the distance from the earth to the sun, and the tilt of the Earth's axis of rotation. However, the recent change between glacial and inter-glacial states that occurs on a circa 100,000 year (100 ka) timescale, does not correlate well with these factors. This is known as the 100,000 year problem.

Due to variations in the Earth's orbit, the amount of insolation varies; there are periods of around 21,000, 40,000, 100,000, and 400,000 years. Variations in the amount of solar energy drive changes in the climate of the Earth, and are recognised as a key factor in the timing of start and termination of glaciations. Looking at strata, isotope analysis can be performed. One of the most precise methods consist in using Oxygen-18. The amount of oxygen 18 mainly depends on the amount of ice that can be found and on the temperature of the planet. 

There are different hypotheses to explain the phenomenon:

Scottish independence referendum

The Scottish independence referendum, 2014 is a referendum which decided whether Scotland would be an independent country or would stay a member of the United Kingdom. The voting took place on 18 September 2014.

The result was that Scotland should stay as part of the United Kingdom.

Over 4 million people in Scotland could vote in the referendum. In order to vote on the day of the referendum a person much have been:


People who were Commonwealth of Nations citizens who had "leave to remain in the United Kingdom or do not require such leave" could also vote in the referendum. Those in the armed forces (army, navy or air force) at the time of the referendum could also vote as long as they were registered to vote in Scotland.

4,285,323 people registered to vote in the referendum, which was 97% of the population who were able to register to vote in the referendum. This was the largest number of people Scotland has ever known to register to vote in any election or referendum. The total population of Scotland in 2014 was about 5 million (this includes all those who could and could not vote). Almost 85% of those registered voted in the referendum.

The YES campaign was led by the Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond. He resigned after the vote. Supporters of the YES campaign wanted Scotland to be an independent country.

Supporters of the NO campaign wanted Scotland to stay a part of the United Kingdom.

The United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron, deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and Leader of the Opposition Ed Miliband all wanted Scotland to remain part of the United Kingdom. Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has also been campaigning for Scotland to remain part of the UK.

"Should Scotland be an independent country?"

Result: Scotland remains part of the United Kingdom.


Nickelodeon Arabia

Nickelodeon Arabia is a satellite, free-to-air channel for Arab children, teens and adults. It was the official Arab arm of Nickelodeon. Viacom started broadcasting Nickelodeon Arabia in 2007.



Azerbaijani Chess Championship

The Azerbaijani Chess Championship is usually held in Baku, Azerbaijan. It is organised by the Azerbaijan Chess Federation (ACF). The first championship was played in 1934, when Azerbaijan was a part of the Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic. Championships were not held every year in the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic until 1945. Since then they were held every year, which has continued today in independent Azerbaijan.



Bell Biv DeVoe

Bell Biv DeVoe is an American R&B, hip hop and new jack swing group. It was formed by Ricky Bell, Michael "Mike" Bivins, and Ronnie DeVoe of the group New Edition. The group was established in 1989. The group's most successful song was "Poison" in 1990. 

Their first album "Poison" was released in 1990. It sold over 3 million copies. Other hit singles from the album include B.B.D.(I Thought It Was Me), When Will I See You Smile Again, and She's Dope!. 

The group released their second album "Hootie Mack" in 1993. It was less successful than the first. 

All three members reunited with New Edition to record and release another album in 8 years, "Home Again" (1996). Bell Biv DeVoe released their third album "B.B.D." in 2001. It had no commercial success, probably because it had a harder rap sound.

Azerbaijan Chess Federation

The Azerbaijan Chess Federation (, "AŞF") is the national chess organization in Azerbaijan. It is a member of the World Chess Federation (FIDE). The Azerbaijan Chess Federation was founded in 1920, when Azerbaijan became a member of the Soviet Union as the Azerbaijan SSR. It was reorganized in 1992, after Azerbaijan gained its independence with the dissolution of the Soviet Union. It became a member of FIDE the same year. The headquarters of the Azerbaijan Chess Federation is in Baku. This is the capital city of Azerbaijan.

As of 2023, the President of the Azerbaijan Chess Federation is Mahir Mammedov.

The executive committee includes:

The federation organizes the following chess competitions:



Jaimie Alexander

Jaimie Alexander (born March 12, 1984) is an American actress. She played Tammy in "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". She also played Jenna York in "CSI: Miami".

The actress was born in Greenville, South Carolina.

Benjamin Adekunle

Benjamin Adesanya Maja Adekunle (26 June 1936 – 13 September 2014) was a Nigerian Army leader. He served as general during many important Nigerian battles. Some of which, he is known for fighting at the Congo Crisis battles and fought during the Nigerian Civil War. He began his service years in 1958. He retired in 1974.

Adekunle died in Lagos, Nigeria, aged 78.

Tony Auth

William Anthony Auth Jr. (May 7, 1942 – September 14, 2014), better known as Tony Auth, was an American cartoonist. He was best known for serving as an editorial cartoonist for "The Philadelphia Inquirer" from 1971 to 2012. His other work includes the comic strip "Full Disclosure", which he worked on in 1982 and 1983, and "Norb", which he worked on in 1989. He won the Pulitzer Prize in 1976 and the Herblock Prize in 2005. Auth was born in Akron, Ohio.

Auth died of brain cancer on September 14, 2014 at the age of 72 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

The Endless River

The Endless River is the fifteenth and final studio album by Pink Floyd. The album was released in November 10, 2014.

Cruis'n USA

Cruis'n USA is an arcade racing video game published and distributed by Nintendo and was developed by Midway Games. It is the first game in the "Cruis'n" series. The game was released as an arcade system in North America in November 1994, on the Nintendo 64 on December 3, 1996 in North America and on April 12, 1998 in Europe, and was released on the Wii's Virtual Console on March 28, 2008 in Europe and on March 31, 2008 in North America. The Virtual Console release was the first third party developed Nintendo 64 game to be released on the service.

The game, along with "Killer Instinct", was originally planned as a launch title for the Nintendo 64. Both games did not make it out for Nintendo 64's launch, however, it was primarily because the arcade versions of both the games were done on hardware that was different and a little more powerful than the console. The game was impressive in arcades but was criticized when it came to the Nintendo 64 in 2996 because the port was less polished than the arcade version and its technology had already been surpassed by other games. The game was also delayed before its console release because of censorship issues.

IGN rated the game a 4 out of 10 and said "Ignoring the dated gameplay and less than impressive physics and handling, at least graphical problems like pop-up and low framerates should have been fixed."

GameSpot gave the game a 6.1 out of 10 and said "Ultimately, "Cruis'n USA" is a dead conversion of a dead arcade game."

Post Bahadur Bogati

Post Bahadur Bogati (18 July 1953 – 15 September 2014) was a Nepalese politician. He was a member of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). He was also the vice chairman of the political party. He was the Minister for Information and Communications as well as Minister for Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation.

Bogati was born in the Nuwakot District. He was married and had three children: two daughters and a son.

Bogati died from a brain haemorrhage caused by a cardiac arrest on 15 September 2014 in Kathmandu. He was 61.


Berks County, Pennsylvania

Berks County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 428,849. The county seat is Reading.

It was named after the English county of Berkshire where William Penn's family had large estates. Berkshire is often abbreviated as Berks. Reading developed during the 1740s. At that time the people living in northern Lancaster County sent several petitions requesting that a separate county be made. With the help of German immigrant Conrad Weiser, the county was formed on March 11, 1752. It was made from parts of Chester County, Lancaster County, and Philadelphia County.

Vladimír Sobotka

Vladimír Sobotka (born July 1, 1986) is a Czech professional ice hockey center. He currently plays for Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He has also played for HC Slavia Praha of the Czech Extraliga, as well as the Boston Bruins and St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Sobotka started his ice hockey career with HC Slavia Praha of the Czech Extraliga. He played 96 games throughout 4 seasons with them, scoring 10 goals and recording 19 assists. He was drafted with the 106th overall pick by the Boston Bruins in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

On November 24, 2007, Sobotka played in his first NHL game in a 2-1 loss to the New York Islanders. On February 13, 2008, Sobotka was able to score his first NHL goal and the game-winning goal against Ty Conklin of the Pittsburgh Penguins in a 2-1 win. On June 26, 2010, Sobotka was traded to the St. Louis Blues for the rights to Boston University defenseman David Warsofsky.

Sobotka's first goal as a member of the Blues came on November 6, 2010 against his former team, the Boston Bruins, beating Tuukka Rask after the puck was turned over in the Bruins' zone. On June 15, 2011, he re-signed to a three-year contract with the Blues. On March 9, 2013, he scored his first NHL hat trick against the San Jose Sharks in a 4-3 overtime win.

On January 6, 2014, he was named to the Czech Republic's men's Olympic team roster, but he suffered a leg injury on January 31 which prevented him from being able to take part in the Olympics. The Blues placed Sobotka on the injured reserve list and he missed the 2014 Olympic Winter Games.

After the 2013-2014 season ended, he became a restricted free agent. Sobotka decided not to resign with the Blues and instead he was signed to a three-year contract by Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). When the possibility of Sobotka playing in the KHL became clear, the Blues filed for salary arbitration in the NHL. On July 21, 2014, Sobotka received a one-year, $2.725 million award from an arbitrator. The result of the arbitration award is if Sobotka decides to return to the NHL at a later date, the Blues will retain his rights for a year at the amount that was awarded by the arbitrator. At the end of that year, Sobotka will become an unrestricted free agent in the NHL.

Marthasville, Missouri

Marthasville is a city in Warren County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,245 at the 2020 census. The Katy Trail, a 240-mile long bike path, passes through Marthasville. Because of the many wineries from here east to Defiance, Marthasville is considered to mark one end of the "Missouri Rhineland".

Daniel Boone and his family came to the area later known as Marthasville in 1799. At the time there was only a French trading post there called LaCharette. Flanders Callaway and his wife Jemima Boone (Daniel and Rebecca's daughter), built a house just outside the present city limits. In 1804 the Lewis and Clark Expedition camped here near LaCharette. On their return 20 September 1806 they were greeted by the area residents, the first civilization they had seen since leaving. Rebecca Boone died in 1813 at Jemima’s home and was the first burial in the family cemetery of the Bryans and Boones (now Marthasville cemetery).

In 1817 the city of Marthasville was established by Dr. John Young of Kentucky. He named it after his wife Martha. A year later Montgomery County was formed with Marthasville being the only town. In 1833 the area became Warren County.

The original graves of Daniel Boone and his wife Rebecca were located there. In 1845, Boone's remains and those of his wife Rebecca were dug up and taken to Kentucky for reburial. Resentment in Missouri about the removal of the bodies grew over the years. A legend was that Boone's remains never left Missouri. A modern forensic anthropologist believes the body removed from Missouri was probably a black slave and not Daniel Boone.

In 1850, during the California Gold Rush, a number of people left Marthasville to find gold. The group was led by one of Daniel Boone's grandsons, M. Jackson Lamme. Others in the group were also descendants of Boone. They settled in California and have many descendants there today.

In 1892, The Missouri, Kansas and Eastern Railroad ran through Marthasville. It was taken over by the Missouri, Kansas and Texas Railroad (MKT) in July of 1893.

During the 1800s the area was settled by winemakers and workers from Germany. This part of the Missouri River Valley has become known as the Missouri Rhineland. The wines from this part of Missouri soon gained a worldwide reputation. At the 1851 Vienna World Exposition, Missouri wines took 8 of the 12 gold medals. French winemakers took notice and started importing the Norton/Cynthiana vines into France. But they were infected with a louse called Phylloxera. The louse had no effect on the Missouri rootstock, but in France it destroyed almost all of France's grapes. Two Missourians found a cure for the blight and the French vines were saved.


Pointer (computer programming)

In computer science, a pointer is a variable whose value is a location in the computer's memory. If Rick stands in a room and points to his friend Sally, then Rick is a pointer whose value is Sally's location. A programmer must "dereference" the pointer to retrieve the object it points to. Pointers do not take up much memory (RAM). Copying a pointer to a large object is faster than copying the large object itself because only the location needs to be copied, instead of the whole object.

Pointers are used in linked lists. Each record of a linked list has a pointer to the next record. These pointers chain the records together. This means that the records in a linked list can be sorted and arranged by changing their pointers.

Nicholas Romanov, Prince of Russia

Nicholas Romanovich Romanov, Prince of Russia ( 26 September 1922 – 15 September 2014) was a claimant to the headship of the House of Romanov and President of the Romanov Family Association. 

Although he is related to the Tsar Nicholas I of Russia, his claimed titles and official membership in the former Imperial House are disputed by those who maintain that his parents' marriage violated the laws of Imperial Russia.


Angus Lennie

Angus Lennie (18 April 1930 – 14 September 2014) was a Scottish actor. He was best known for his movie appearance as Steve McQueen's friend Archibald Ives in the 1963 movie "The Great Escape". He was also known for being in the television soap opera "Crossroads".

Lennie died in London, England, aged 84

Charles Kingsford Smith

Sir Charles Edward Kingsford Smith (February 9, 1897 - November 8, 1935) was a famous Australian airplane pilot. He is famous for being the first person to fly across the Pacific Ocean from the United States to Australia. He was also the first person to fly non-stop across the entire country of Australia. He made the first flight from Australia to New Zealand. In another famous flight, he flew from Australia to London, England, in ten and a half days, which was a new record at that time.

Smith was born on February 9, 1897, in Hamilton, Brisbane (the capital city of Queensland, a state in Australia). He went to school at St. Andrew’s Cathedral Choir School and Sydney Technical High School. When he turned 16, Smith became an apprentice at Colonial Sugar Refining Co. Ltd., where he got training in engineering.

In 1915, Smith joined the 1st Australian Imperial Force (AIF), the main branch of the Australian Army that fought outside of Australia in World War I. In the AIF he was a sapper (someone who builds and repairs roads and bridges) and a motorcycle dispatch rider (someone who delivers important messages). In 1916 he transferred to the Royal Flying Corps (RFC), where he became a pilot and a second lieutenant.  

In 1917, Smith's plane was shot down during battle. He survived, but was injured and had to have part of his left foot amputated (removed by surgery). He received the Military Cross for his bravery in battle. Because of his injuries, Smith was made an RFC flying teacher.  He was also promoted to Captain.  In April 1918, Smith was assigned to the Royal Air Force, which had just been created.

After finishing his military service in 1919, Smith created Kingsford Smith, Maddocks Aeros Ltd., flying a joy-riding service (which sold plane rides to customers for entertainment). He flew mostly in the North of England.  Later, he worked in the United States as a barnstormer, entertaining people by doing tricks in his airplane.  In 1921, he returned to Australia.  There he kept working as a barnstormer and also flew airmail services (he delivered mail by airplane).

On June 2, 1921, Smith applied for a commercial pilot’s license.  He became one of Australia’s first airline pilots after he was hired to fly for the newly created West Australian Airways.

On June 6, 1923, Smith married Thelma Eileen Hope Corboy.

Smith became famous for setting flying records. He was very famous for all of his flights around the world. His famous flights included:
The same year as his 10,000-mile flight, Smith married Mary Powell. Together they had a son called Charles.

In 1935, Smith and a co-pilot, Tommy Pethybridge, left from England to fly to Australia. This was Smith's last flight. He died on November 8, 1935.


Caroline Chisholm

Caroline Chisholm (May 30, 1808 - March 25, 1877) was an English humanitarian. She was known for her involvement with female immigrant welfare in Australia. She was named a saint of the Church of England. Her day is May 16 in the Calendar of saints.

Caroline Jones was born in Northampton, England. She came from a very large family. Her father, William Jones, had been married four times. All his previous wives had died in childbirth. Caroline was William's sixteenth child and the youngest of the seven who lived. William died when Caroline was six years old. His death left the family with little money. She lived with her family at 11 Mayorhold. In 1822, when Caroline was 22, she married Archibald Chisholm. He was a Roman Catholic. He was ten years older than she was. He served with East India Company Army. It is believed that Caroline converted to her husband's faith at this time. They were married at the Anglican Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Northampton. 

Archibald returned to his regiment in Madras, India in January 1832. Caroline joined him 18 months later. When she saw the bad behaviour of some of the girls, she asked the Governor of Madras to help her set up a school. In 1834, Caroline founded the Female School of Industry for the Daughters of European Soldiers. The school provided a practical education for the girls. They were taught to read and write and about religion, cooking, housekeeping, and nursing. Caroline gave birth to two sons, Archibald and William, and she followed her husband around in his travels.

In 1838, Archibald became sick. Rather than go back to England, they moved to Australia because they thought the weather would be good for his health. They sailed for Sydney. They arrived there in October 1838. They settled at Windsor. On trips to Sydney, Caroline and Archibald learned about the hard lives of emigrants arriving in the colony. They were particularly concerned for the young women who were arriving without any money. The women did not have any friends or family or jobs to go to. Many women ended up working as prostitutes. Archibald returned to his regiment in 1840. He encouraged his wife to continue her philanthropic efforts.

Chisholm originally set up a home for young women in Sydney, and she organised other homes in several rural centres. They soon started to help families and young men. During the seven years Caroline was in Australia, she placed over 11,000 people in homes and jobs. People came to see her as a very good person. Two Legislative Council Committees asked her to give evidence for them. Caroline carried out her work in New South Wales without taking money from individuals or organisations because she wanted to act independently and did not want to be dependent upon any religious or political group. The girls and families Caroline helped came from different backgrounds and held different religious beliefs. Money was raised for the homes through subscription. Archibald was released from the army because of his poor health and returned to Australia in 1845.

In 1849, with the support of a few important people, Caroline founded the Family Colonization Loan Society from her home. The Society's aim was to lend people who wanted to go to Australia half the cost of the fare, the emigrant finding the other half of the cost, which was to be refunded after two years in Australia. By 1854, the Society had helped more than 3,000 people travel to Australia. Caroline had an audience with Pope Pius IX, who gave her a Papal Medal and bust of herself.

The family moved to Victoria. Chisholm continued to help the poor, mainly around Ballarat and the Goldfields. After some time, she became very ill and the family had to move back to Sydney in 1858. Her health improved at the end of 1859.

Archibald senior took the younger children back to England in 1865. Archibald junior went with his mother back home in 1866. Caroline died on March 25, 1877, in Highgate, United Kingdom. Archibald died in August of that year. Five of their eight children survived.


Moira Kelly

Moira Kelly (born March 6, 1968) is an American actress. She was born in Queens, New York. She is best known for portraying Kate Moseley in the 1992 movie "The Cutting Edge". She was also the single mother Karen Roe on the teen drama "One Tree Hill". She played the role of Donna Hayward in "Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me". She replaced Lara Flynn Boyle from the 1990 television series "Twin Peaks". Other roles include Dorothy Day in "Entertaining Angels: The Dorothy Day Story", White House media consultant Mandy Hampton in the first season of "The West Wing" and the voice of Simba's love interest Nala in "The Lion King" and "". She also played Hetty Kelly and Oona O'Neill in "Chaplin".

Edward Hargraves

Edward Hargraves (October 7, 1816 – October 29, 1891) was an Australian shopkeeper, sailor and adventurer. He is famous for starting the Australian gold rush. He found gold in Sydney in 1851. He first started looking for gold in California but was not successful. 

When he arrived in Sydney, he did not even visit his family. He went straight to the Blue Mountains to look for gold. After his first discovery, Australia became more popular due to the goldfield. Although Hargraves was very famous and rich, he lived so lavishly that he became broke by 1862.

Hargraves' mother (Elizabeth Nee Whitcombe) and father (John Edward Hargraves) sent Hargraves to Brighton Grammar School in England. When he was 14, he travelled over water to Sydney, Australia. He arrived in Sydney in 1832. He worked on a property at Bathurst, collecting tortoise shells. Before Hargraves became famous, he left his wife (Elizabeth Hargraves) and bought his own piece of land on Manning River. He took over a shop near his property. 

Hargraves' main achievement was discovering a large amount of gold, starting the gold rush of Australia. He believed that the geography of Bathurst was the same as California, so he began his search for gold there. John Lister, who had already found gold in California, helped Hargraves to find gold in Australia. 

The two of them travelled to Summerhill Creek, where Hargraves first discovered gold. After the government found out about Hargraves’ discovery, they appointed him ‘Commissioner of Land’. They rewarded him with 10,000 pounds and a life pension, in exchange for the gold he discovered. The government of New South Wales made the announcement that gold was discovered on May 22, 1851. Hargraves was also responsible for conducting the gold mining in Ballarat, when the gold rush became more popular.

Between the years of 1853-1854, Hargraves travelled back to England, rich from his findings. When he was in England, he met Queen Victoria and wrote a book (published in 1855) called "Australia and its Gold Fields". Hargraves lived such a luxurious life that he was soon very poor. Hargraves travelled back to Australia, seeking the help of the government to help with his financial situation, but no one he asked would give him money. 

Hargraves had two sons and three daughters. He died in Sydney in 1891.

David Fleay

David Howells Fleay (January 6, 1907 – August 7, 1993) was an Australian naturalist (someone who studies nature). He was one of the first people to come up with the idea of breeding endangered species in captivity, so they would not go extinct (die out) in the wild. He was also the first person to succeed in breeding platypuses in captivity.

Fleay now has a wildlife park named after him in Queensland.

He died on 7 August 1993 aged 85.

Fleay was born in Ballarat, Victoria, in Australia. His parents were William and Maude Fleay.

As a young child, David became interested in the Australian bush and its wildlife at an early age. His mother was also interested in these things, but his father did not want David to spend his time thinking about Australian wildlife.

Fleay was educated at Pleasant Street State School and Balart Grammar School. His first job was at his father’s pharmacy.

Fleay then taught at Balart Church of England Grammar School until 1927, when he moved to Melbourne. There, he taught while studying for a Bachelor of Science degree and a Diploma of Education at Melbourne University.

While at Melbourne University, Fleay met a science student named Mary Sigrid Collie. They got married in 1931.

In the early 1930s, Fleay went to Tasmania to try to capture Thylacines (also called Tasmanian tigers). He was not able to find any Thylacines in the wild. So he decided to run a breeding program with Thylacines in zoos. He wanted to breed more Thylacines to save them from becoming extinct. But the Tasmanian government did not allow Fleay to run this program. We now know that the last definite sight of a Thylacine in the wild was in 1930. By 1936, the last Thylacine living in a zoo died, and this species was extinct.

By 1934, Fleay was very well known as a 'wildlife man.' He was chosen to design and direct a new section at the Melbourne Zoo. He worked there for three years, and achieved some important scientific 'firsts.' He was the first person to breed, in captivity, several types of endangered animals, including:

In 1958, Fleay brought three platypuses to New York's Bronx Zoo. Later that year, he was given some money by the New York Zoological Society, and used it to build a new, better platypusary (a place to take care of platypuses) in West Burleigh, Australia.

Fleay wrote a book called "Living with Animals", which was published in 1964.

Fleay was given many awards for his work and research.

In 1960, he was named a member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (MBE), an award given by the British King or Queen to reward work in the arts and sciences.

Fleay was chosen to be an Associate of the Queensland Museum in 1978.

In 1980, he was named a member of the Order of Australia (AM), an award given by the Queen of Australia for doing important work in Australia.

Fleay's wife, Mary, died in 1987. Later, Fleay got married again. He had a daughter and two sons.

Fleay died in Brisbane, Australia, at the age of 85. In an obituary, the New York Times wrote: "As a conservationist, [Fleay] was outspoken and, as "The Daily Telegraph" put it, he 'strove to preserve native Australian fauna in the days when even koala bears were slaughtered in vast numbers for their fur.'"

Archie Roach

Archibald William Roach (8 January 1956 – 30 July 2022) was an aboriginal-Australian singer-songwriter and guitarist. Roach was born in Mooroopna, Victoria, Australia. His songs are popular in the Australian Aboriginal community.

At the age of three or four, Roach was taken from his family by the Australian government. His two sisters were also taken away. After spending time in an orphanage, he was raised in Melbourne, Australia, by a white family, who had moved to Melbourne from Scotland. 

As a teenager, Roach ran away from home to look for his biological parents. After running away, while homeless and abusing alcohol, Roach met his wife, musician Ruby Hunter. During the late 1980s, Roach and Hunter created a band named “Altogether” with other Aboriginal musicians.

In mid-2011, Roach was diagnosed with early lung cancer, and had one of his lungs removed. While recovering, he released his hit album “Into the Bloodstream.”

Roach died on July 30, 2022 in Warrnambool, Victoria from a long-illness, aged 66.

His album "Charcoal Lane" won an ARIA Award as the Best Indigenous Album of the Year. He was given an ARIA Award as the Best New Talent. The Rolling Stone Magazine listed it in the Top 50 Albums of 1992. "Looking for the Butter Boy" won three ARIA Awards in 1998.

In 2013, Roach won a Deadly Award for Album of the Year. He has also won two ARIA awards and a national Human Rights Award for his songs “Took the Child Away” and “Charcoal Lane.” Many of his songs talk about his experiences and the difficulties he has faced as an Aboriginal Australian.

In 2015 Roach was made a member of the Order of Australia.



John Flynn

John Flynn OBE (25 November 1880 – 5 May 1951) was an Australian Presbyterian minister. He started the Presbyterian Church of Australia. He also started the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia, which brings medical care to people who live far away from doctors or hospitals. Flynn's portrait is on one side of the Australian 20 dollar note.

John Flynn was born in Moliagul in Victoria, Australia on November 25, 1880. His parents were Thomas Eugene Flynn and Rosetta Forsyth. Because his mother died while giving birth to him, John was raised by his mother’s sister in Sydney, Australia. 

When he was 16, Flynn decided that he wanted to become a Presbyterian minister and study theology (religion) at the University of Melbourne. In 1911, he finished his training for the Presbyterian ministry and was officially ordained into the Presbyterian Church. He went to live and work in the Australian Outback, where many people had little access to medical care because they lived so far from large cities, doctors, and hospitals. In 1912, he created the Australian Inland Mission, which gave medical, spiritual, and other care to people in the Outback. 

For many years, Flynn worked to get the support and money he needed to start an organization that would bring doctors and medical care by plane to people living in the Outback. With the help of Alf Traeger, Flynn was able to create the Aerial Medical Service in 1928. (Its name was later changed to the Flying Doctor Service, and then changed again to the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia). In its first year, the Aerial Medical Service flew 50 flights to 26 different places, giving medical care to 225 people. Over the next few years, Flynn worked to get the support the Aerial Medical Service needed to provide "flying doctors" to every part of Australia. By 1939, every state in Australia had an Aerial Medical Service. Now called the Royal Flying Doctor Service, the organization still exists today and has 21 bases throughout every part of the country. It provides medical care to 290,000 people every year.

Flynn became an officer of the Order of the British Empire on June 3, 1933.


Sidney Myer

Sidney Myer created Myer’s, one of the biggest department stores in Australia. He emigrated from Russia at the age of 20 and started off as a small merchant and went on to be the owner of a large chain store.

Simcha (Sidney) Myer Baevski was born on the February 8, 1878, in the Jewish section of Kritchev, Russia. He was the youngest of eleven children. He attended a primary school for Jewish children. While at school, he managed his mother’s shop and helped the shop be very successful. 

When Myer was 20, he and his older brother, Elcon, moved to Australia. Myer arrived in Melbourne, Australia, as a Jewish refugee in August of 1899. He did not know English, and had almost no money and no visa. Soon after arriving, he changed his name to Sydney Myer in order to be more Australian. 

The Myer brothers moved to Bendigo, a city in Victoria, Australia. There they started a small drapery business, where they sold fabrics of all different styles, colors, and sizes. Because they disagreed about whether their store should be open on Sundays, the brothers decided to stop working together. Sidney bought his brother's share of the business, and Elcon moved on to Melbourne. 

As Myer's business became more successful, he opened a larger store in Bendigo, and new stores in Melbourne and Adelaide. Today, Myer's is one of Australia’s biggest department stores. Myer's is known for having fashionable clothing made by many different designers. 

After he went to a performance at the Hollywood Bowl, a famous outdoor theater in California, Myer created the Sidney Myer Music Bowl. In 1929, Myer began to arrange free outdoor concerts by the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, held at the Music Bowl. These free concerts are still held today, and are very popular.
Myer died on September 5, 1934. After his death, Myer's family set up the Myer Foundation, which receives millions of dollars every year from the Myer family. The Foundation supports programs that benefit Australia and help Australians in need.

Marcus Oliphant

Sir Marcus Laurence Elwin "Mark" Oliphant, (8 October 1901 – 14 July 2000), commonly known as Marcus Oliphant, was an Australian physicist and humanitarian. He helped to develop nuclear weapons. He was involved with the first experimental demonstration of nuclear fusion.

Oliphant was born on October 8, 1901 in Kent Town, Adelaide, Australia. His father, Harold George “Baron” Oliphant, was a civil servant. His mother, Beatrice Edith Fanny Oliphant, was an artist. 

After graduating from Adelaide High School in 1918, he was unable to get money to pay for university. He got a job cleaning floors at a jewelry store. He was soon able to study at the University of Adelaide. He was interested in medicine, but Kerr Grant, the physics professor, offered him a place in the Physics Department. He received his Bachelor of Science degree in 1921.
Oliphant attempted to build a cyclotron at the University of Birmingham. The completion of it was postponed by the World War II in Europe in 1939.

He was involved with the development of radar with John Randall and Harry Boot. They created a completely new design, the cavity magnetron, which made microwave radar possible.

His most important achievement was being involved with the development of the atomic bomb. He reported that it was possible, and achievable as early as 1943. He spread his research in the United States, which led to the development of the Manhattan Project, led by physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer.

Oliphant died on July 14, 2000 in Canberra, Australia.

Many places and things are named after Oliphant. There is the Oliphant building at the Australian National University, the Mark Oliphant Conservation Park, a South Australian high schools science competition, the Oliphant Wing of the Physics Building at the University of Adelaide, and a high school in Munno Para West, South Australia.

He is known for the co-discovery of deuterium, tritium, helium-3 and nuclear fusion and for the development of microwave radar.
He achieved many awards over the course of his life. 

Edward Dunlop

Sir Ernest Edward "Weary" Dunlop, AC, CMG, OBE (12 July 19072 July 1993) was an Australian surgeon. He was known for his leadership while being held as a Prisoner of war by the Japanese during World War II.

Ernest Edward Dunlop was born 12 July 1907 in Wangaratta, Victoria, Australia. Dunlop grew up in the Wangaratta area. He was the son of James and Alice Dunlop and younger brother of Alan. His mother became ill after his birth, so his two twin aunts cared for him. He worked on the family farm at Sheepwash Creek. He then became a school cadet. He continued his part-time military service until 1929. In 1928 Dunlop qualified as a pharmacist and earned many awards. In 1934 he qualified as a doctor with first class honours. It was then earned his nickname ‘Weary’. He then worked in The Royal Melbourne Hospital. In 1937 he worked in the Royal Children's Hospital. 

Growing up, Dunlop was very good at most sports. This included rugby and boxing. He became the first Victorian player in the national rugby union team, the Wallabies. He was the only Victorian in the Australian Rugby League Hall of Fame. He later became a very successful boxer.

In 1937, he met his future wife Helen Ferguson. Since she a student he went to England to take up postgraduate studies. When World War II broke out Dunlop became a specialist surgeon to the Emergency Medical Services. He then enlisted in the Australian Army Medical Corps, rising to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. While Dunlop was in the Middle East, Helen joined him and they became engaged. In 1943, Ernest became imprisoned in Singapore. He was then sent to Thailand by the Japanese. In Thailand he worked at the Burma Railway as a medical officer. After the war he got married.

In World War Two, Dunlop was posted to the Middle East. There he developed a mobile surgical unit that could move around to treat wounded soldiers. He also served in Crete and Greece. He fought in the battle of Tobruk. In 1942, Dunlop was sent to Java in Indonesia to treat wounded allied soldiers. Three years later, he was captured by the Japanese and became a prisoner of war. Dunlop was sent to Thailand-Burma Railway (AKA the death railway) between Bangkok and Rangoon. His medical skills, compassion and incredible courage in standing up to the Japanese inspired his fellow Prisoners Of War to keep going.

He received many awards which include: 


John H. Sununu

John Henry Sununu (born July 2, 1939) served as the 75th Governor of New Hampshire (1983–89) and later White House Chief of Staff under President George H. W. Bush.

He is the father of John E. Sununu, a former senator from New Hampshire and Chris Sununu, the Governor of New Hampshire. Sununu was the chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party from 2009 to 2011.

Brian Schweitzer

Brian David Schweitzer (born September 4, 1955) is an American politician. He served as the 23rd Governor of Montana from January 5, 2005 to January 7, 2013. Schweitzer formerly served as chair of the Western Governors Association as well as the Democratic Governors Association. He also served as president of the Council of State Governments.

Roy Romer

Roy R. Romer (born October 31, 1928) is an American politician. He was the 39th Governor of Colorado. He also served as the superintendent of the Los Angeles Unified School District from 2001 to 2006. His son is Nobel Prize winner Paul Romer. He was born in Garden City, Kansas.

Richard Lamm

Richard Douglas "Dick" Lamm (August 3, 1935 – July 29, 2021) was an American politician, writer, Certified Public Accountant, college professor, and lawyer. He served three terms as 38th Governor of Colorado as a Democrat (1975–1987) and ran for the Reform Party's nomination for President of the United States in 1996.

He was the Co-Director of the Institute for Public Policy Studies at the University of Denver.

Lamm died on July 29, 2021 in Denver, Colorado from problems caused by a pulmonary embolism, one week before his 86th birthday.

Walter Dale Miller

Walter Dale "Walt" Miller (October 5, 1925 – September 28, 2015) was an American politician with the Republican Party. He served as 29th Governor of South Dakota from 1993 to 1995. He assumed the duties of the governorship upon the death of George S. Mickelson.

Frank Farrar

Frank Leroy Farrar (April 2, 1929 – October 31, 2021) was an American politician. He was the 24th Governor of South Dakota. A Republican. He served as the state's attorney general from 1963 to 1969, and as governor from 1969 to 1971.

Farrar died on October 31, 2021 in Pierre, South Dakota at the age of 92.


Philip H. Hoff

Philip Henderson Hoff (June 29, 1924 – April 26, 2018) was an American politician. He is from the U.S. state of Vermont. He served as the 73rd Governor of Vermont from 1963 to 1969. At the time of his election, he was the first Democrat elected Governor of Vermont in 108 years.

Hoff was born in Turners Falls, Massachusetts. His father worked in the insurance industry and at the Massachusetts General Court. Philip was a star high school football player at Turners Falls High School. 

Hoff went to Williams College and Connecticut College and graduated cum laude in 1948. Hoff married Joan Brower in 1948. He later attended Cornell Law School, graduating in 1951. The Hoffs moved to Burlington, Vermont in 1951.

Hoff died at a retirement center in Shelburne, Vermont on April 26, 2018 at the age of 93.

F. Ray Keyser Jr.

Frank Ray Keyser (August 17, 1927 – March 7, 2015) was an American lawyer and politician from Vermont. He served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1959 to 1961, and 72nd Governor of Vermont from 1961 to 1963.

Emerson, Lake and Powell (album)

Emerson, Lake and Powell is the debut and only studio album by Emerson, Lake and Powell. The album was released in 1986.

ITV1

ITV is a British free-to-air commercial television channel in the United Kingdom owned and operated by ITV Digital Channels, a division of ITV plc, and is a part of ITV network. Previously a network of separate regional television channels, ITV currently operates in England, Wales, Scotland, the Channel Islands and United States. From 2001 until 2013, the channel was called ITV1. In 2004, Granada acquired Carlton Communications to form ITV plc. ITV also manages an international network supported by subscription services, and its programmes are also available in the UK via Freesat, Sky, Virgin Media, Freeview, and ITV Hub. A Europe version of ITV launched in 2004 on FL1, Citycable, Orange TV, Dstv, YouView & UPC Programming. ITV launched in Middle East and North Africa on beIN. An Asian version of ITV launched in 2014 on TVPlayer, beIN and Virgin TV Go. An Australian version of ITV launched in 2008 on Swisscom TV Australia & Sky Go.

In 2006, they purchased ITV for their selves after Carlton Communications. The companies filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in September 2022, closing ITV channel in the world. Phillip has confirmed that there would be no more ITV after 2013 and 2019 channels. ITV1 will be available for the new name and it will be released on 15 November 2022.

ITV was launched in 1955 as Independent Television the first TV channel in the United Kingdom.

ITV name was only used in England, Wales, Southern Scotland and Isle of Man until Channel Television adopted the name in January 2006, bringing it to the Channel Islands.

The licensees that used the ITV & ITV1 brand are: ITV Anglia, ITV Border, ITV Carlton Television, ITV Central Independent Television, ITV Channel Television, ITV Granada, ITV Wales & West, ITV London Weekend Television, ITV Meridian, ITV Tyne Tees, ITV Westcountry and ITV Yorkshire.

The network production arms of the ITV-plc owned licencees have been gradually combined since 1993 to eventually form ITV Studios.

In the English regions, + Border Scotland, Channel Islands Isle of Man and Channel of Man the channel has been known from 2006 until 2013 as ITV1, since 14 January 2013 to 2022 as ITV at all times and November 15, 2022 as ITV1 at all times.

The "ITV Wales" name is not used overnight.

Areas without full ITV branding:

From the founding of the ITV Network in 1955, it was known nationally as Independent Television (later ITV) and locally by the regional branding of the local ITV franchise operator.

In 1989, the ITV Association set out a basic presentation package with a new "ITV" logo, which included idents, promotions and general on and off air design, and an edit of this package was designed for each franchise holder. The dual branded idents included a large "ITV" logo, in which the "V" contained Viking part of the franchise's logo, and written below the logo in a grey capitalised font was the name of the regional broadcaster. However, only half of the regional broadcasters opted to use the package, which had completely failed by 1997.

In 1999, another second common presentation (once again using dual-branding with the ITV name) was launched, under the theme, "TV from the Heart".

By 2001, all eleven franchises of England and Wales were owned by either Granada plc or Carlton Communications, and a new common name, ITV1, was launched on 11 August 2001 to coincide with digital channel ITV2. The existing "Hearts" idents were simply re-edited.

In January 2006, the channel adopted a new on-air look to coincide with the launch of ITV4, designed mainly to improve cross-channel promotion across ITV's multichannel presence. The new logo brought ITV1, ITV2 and ITV3 in line with ITV4's, and had been observed on various billboard ads in the UK when the new identity was first used on-screen on 16 January 2006.

In 2005, ITV plc introduced a new channel branding called ITV Day, used to identify ITV1 between 9.25am and 6.00pm. ITV Day was treated as a separate entity to ITV1 and featured its own presentation set focusing using the colours of red, orange and yellow and featured scenes of typical "daytime" activities. Promotions were used in a similar format to ITV1, and all daytime programmes advertised within ITV1 hours were branded with the ITV Day logo. A similar "UTV Day" branding was adopted in Northern Ireland. Michael Grade took ITV customers to ITV HD took place in 2006.

On 15 November 2012, it was announced that as part of a major rebranding, ITV1 was renamed back to its previous name, ITV. In addition to this, ITV had a new colour-changing logo stylised as handwriting, that changed colour depending on the programming it is used on. It was revealed that the logo had green and purple for "Dancing on Ice", and green and brown for "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!". The overhaul is linked to ITV's attempt to cut costs, curb debts and reduce the company's reliance on advertising. This overhaul of their brand affected all ITV plc channels and online services. This rebrand went live on 14 January 2013, at the same time as the other ITV channels. Also for the first time in its history, a digital on-screen graphic (DOG) was introduced.

On January 1, 2019, Grade renamed its logo, and is owned by Wayback Machine in England. The logo is now ITV Digital Channels in 2019 instead of ITV plc so as of 2022, 2023 and 2024, ITV plc and ITV Digital Channels continues the channel to use this logo.

As of 2022, both channels continues to use their logos. The dual branded idents included a medium "ITV1" logo in which the V and 1 contained the part of the franchise logo, and written the below the logo in a light blue capitalised font that was printed on regular broadcasters.

ITV has two spin-off channels, ITV HD & ITV +1, which both launched in 2009. ITV HD was originally available in 2006 for a while for some programming, but officially launched in 2009.
ITV2 launch of the day ITV2 +1 Start of CITV+1 'stv' CSTV

ITV (as UTV) is widely available in the Republic of Ireland on cable and MMDS, as well as being received directly in areas bordering Northern Ireland, or in coastal areas from Wales (as ITV Wales). It is also available on cable and IPTV in Switzerland and Liechtenstein. Since 27 March 2013, ITV London has been offered by British Forces Broadcasting Service (BFBS) to members of HM Forces and their families around the world, replacing the BFBS3 TV channel, which already carried a selection of ITV programmes.

2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted

"2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted" (sometimes called "Gangsta Party") is the second single from American rapper 2Pac's fifth studio album "All Eyez on Me". The song was a duet sung by 2Pac and Snoop Dogg. It was released as a promotional single and was written by 2Pac, Snoop Dogg and Daz Dillinger. 

It is sometimes referred to as "Gangsta Party" because of the line "ain't nuthin but a gangsta party" in the chorus. The song was also featured on 2Pac's "Greatest Hits" in 1998 and a remix of the song was featured on the album "Nu-Mixx Klazzics" in 2003. 

On April 15, 2012, the song was played at the Coachella Festival with Snoop Dogg performing a duet with a virtual version of 2Pac.

Kristin Cavallari

Kristin Cavallari (born January 5, 1987) is an American television and movie actress. She was in the television series "Laguna Beach". She was also in the series "The Hills".

Cavallari was born in Denver, Colorado. She was raised in Barrington, Illinois.

Lyndsy Fonseca

Lyndsy Fonseca (born January 7, 1987) is an American actress. She acts in both movies and television. She played Colleen Carlton in "The Young and the Restless". She also played Alexandra in "Nikita".

Fonseca was born in Oakland, California.

Pasig

Pasig, officially the City of Pasig () is a city of Metro Manila in the Philippines. It was capital of the province of Rizal prior to the formation of the National Capital Region. The current mayor of this city is "Vico Sotto".

The demonym of Pasig is "Pasigueño".

The Augustinians built Pasig City in 1572 making it one of the oldest towns in the Philippines. But after the Government combined Pasig with Rizal making Pasig the capital of Rizal province in June 1901. It became the provincial capital, not until Metro Manila is formed in 1975 by the Metro Manila Commission making Pasig a city. Soon the government considered Pasig as a highly urbanized city. President Fidel V. Ramos signed it to become a law after five months on December 8, 1994. Pasig residents approved this through a referendum on January 21, 1995. 

Pasig recognizes the efforts of its residents and students, that’s why they give back school supplies yearly to public school students. Examples are free complete PE uniforms from shirts to rubber shoes and even complete school uniforms. The public government also enhanced the PCIST (Pasig City School of Science and Technology) by adding more school courses and programs such as auto mechanic, soldering, welding, refrigerator fixing and more. They have also expanded the Rainforest park in Pasig that is also for the youth of the city. The expansion of RAVE (Rainforest Adventure Experience) such as adding libraries, music halls, auditoriums and a sports center. 
Because the Pasig River is rich in water lilies, the government made livelihood programs of making baskets from water lilies and other recycled items. The government also made a market for these businesses to give them a regular place to trade. They also provided jobs for smart and hardworking students who wanted to work on their summer vacation. SPES (Summer Program for Employment Services) program accepts 2,000 students who apply and is given an opportunity to work for the government. The government also gives job fairs 4 times a year for people who are having a hard time to look for a job with the college courses that they studied.

 One of the most famous parks in Metro Manila is RAVE or the Rainforest Adventure Experience. It opened in 1977 and was known as the Pasig Central Park. Right now the park consists of many different recreational activities and a mini zoo. It also has an Olympic-sized swimming pool which is offered for the citizens of Pasig with a lower price. Pasig is also known for the place Ace Water Spa. The spa is an all-weather indoor place that has a pool that uses water for helping people feel better. 

The Philippines is also known to have huge malls around the country and because Pasig is the center of Metro Manila it can access a lot of nearby malls and the malls inside its city itself such as SM Megamall. SM Megamall is the 3rd biggest SM (Shoe Mart) mall in the country owned by the famous . “Kapitolyo” is also famous for its neighborhood filled with restaurants and bars that can be found in East Capitol Drive of the “Barangay”. Pasig is also occupied by food parks that a person with good taste in food will enjoy. As for historical places, one famous place is the “Bahay na Tisa” which translates to House of Chalk. It is called House of Chalk because of its white walls. In Martial Law this house was used for two party lists of the Martial Law to hold their meetings and gatherings. The first Marian Parish is also found in the middle of Pasig called Immaculate Conception Cathedral. It was founded by the Augustinians (the founders of Pasig as well) in 1572. Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary was the original a female patron of the church.

Lastly, Pasig was formerly part of Rizal province before the formation of Metro Manila, the national capital region of the country.[5] The seat of government of Rizal was hosted in Pasig at the old Rizal Provincial Capitol until a new capitol was opened in Antipolo, within Rizal's jurisdiction in 2009.[6] On June 19, 2020, Former President Rodrigo Duterte signed Republic Act No. 11475, which designated Antipolo as the official capital of Rizal.[7][8][9] However, it remained as the de jure, or official capital of the province until July 7, 2020.[5]

Kit Carson

Christopher Houston "Kit" Carson, (December 24, 1809 – May 23, 1868) was an American frontiersman, a career that involved four chief occupations: mountain man, guide, Indian agent, and officer in the US Army. He helped to open the American West to settlement. In his day, he was a celebrity known far and wide in the United States. In modern America, he is still remembered as a folk hero, but he has been criticized for killing Native Americans.

Carson began his adult life in 1829 as a mountain man, who trapped beaver about ten years for the fur trade. During those years, Carson became an "Injun killer" he was forced to kill many Native Americans to protect himself from attack, theft, and murder. Carson became known as one of the greatest of "Injun killers" through novels, newspaper accounts, and other media. When the fur trade died out in the 1840s, Carson looked for other work.

In 1842, US Army Officer John Charles Frémont hired Carson to guide him on three separate expeditions into the West. All three expeditions involved mapping and describing remote and uncharted areas of the West. The expeditions were hugely successful. Frémont's reports to the government made Carson a frontier hero and were read by many Americans. Carson became a celebrity throughout the country. His adventures were turned into stories that were published in paper-covered books, called dime novels. The cheap popular books made him more famous than ever.

In 1853, Carson became an Indian agent in northern New Mexico. His job was to keep the Utes and the Apaches at peace. He saw to it that they were treated with honesty and fairness and that they got the food and clothing that they needed. In 1861, the American Civil War broke out. Carson resigned his position as Indian agent, and joined the Union Army. As a lieutenant, he led the New Mexico Volunteer Infantry. His forces fought Confederates at Valverde, New Mexico. The Confederates won the battle, but were later defeated. Most of Carson's time in the army was passed training recruits.

Carson served in several wars and battles with the tribes In the Southwest. He rounded up and moved Apaches and Navajos from their homelands to government lands called reservations. Carson was promoted to the rank of colonel. Late in life, he was promoted to brigadier general and given command of Fort Garland in Colorado. After about two years. Carson left the military because of illness. He died in 1868 at Fort Lyon, Colorado. He is buried in Taos, New Mexico, next to his third and last wife, Josefa Jaramillo.

Carson was described by his contemporaries as a "small, stooped-shoulder" man with brown to red hair, blue eyes, and a strong but spare frame. He was said to be about 5 foot 7 inches. He was a modest gentleman. Most of his contemporaries were astonished that such a slight inconspicuous man had accomplished so much among the Native Americans and wild animals on the western frontier.

In 1847, General William Tecumseh Sherman met Kit Carson in Monterey, California. Sherman wrote: "His fame was then at its height... and I was very anxious to see a man who had achieved such feats of daring among the wild animals of the Rocky Mountains, and still wilder Indians of the plains... I cannot express my surprise at beholding such a small, stoop-shouldered man, with reddish hair, freckled face, soft blue eyes, and nothing to indicate extraordinary courage of daring. He spoke but little and answered questions in monosyllables."

Colonel Edward W. Wynkoop wrote: "Kit Carson was five feet five and one half-inches tall, weighed about 140 pounds, of nervy, iron temperament, squarely built, slightly bow-legged, and those members apparently too short for his body. But, his head and face made up for all the imperfections of the rest of his person. His head was large and well-shaped with yellow straight hair, worn long, falling on his shoulders. His face was fair and smooth as a woman's with high cheekbones, straight nose, a mouth with a firm, but somewhat sad expression, a keen, deep-set but beautiful, mild blue eye, which could become terrible under some circumstances, and like the warning of the rattlesnake, gave notice of attack. Though quick-sighted, he was slow and soft of speech, and posed great natural modesty."

Lieutenant George Douglas Brewerton made a coast-to-coast dispatch-carrying trip to Washington, DC, with Carson. Brewerton wrote: "The Kit Carson of my "imagination" was over six feet high a sort of modern Hercules in his build with an enormous beard, and a voice like a roused lion... The real Kit Carson I found to be a plain, simple... man; rather below the medium height, with brown, curling hair, little or no beard, and a voice as soft and gentle as a woman's. In fact, the hero of a hundred desperate encounters, whose life had been mostly spent amid wilderness, where the white man is almost unknown, was one of Dame Nature's gentleman..."

Carson was illiterate. He was embarrassed by not being able to read and write and so tried to hide it. He was impressed by gentlemen who could read and write, however. In 1856, he told his life story to an army officer, who wrote it down. Carson told the officer that he had left school at an early age: "I was a young boy in the school house when the cry came, Injuns! I jumped to my rifle and threw down my spelling book, and thar it lies."

Carson enjoyed having other people read to him. He liked the poetry of Lord Byron. Carson thought Sir Walter Scott's long poem "The Lady of the Lake" was "the finest expression of outdoor life." He also liked a book about William the Conqueror, whose favorite oath was "By the splendor of God." Carson used that oath as his own and was known to have Nevers used anything stronger.

Carson learned to write "C. Carson" late in life, but it was very difficult for him. He made his mark on official papers, and the mark was then witnessed by a clerk. Carson easily spoke English, Spanish, and French. He could speak many Native American languages, including Navajo, Apache, and Comanche. He also knew the sign language that was used by mountain men. Very late in life, he learned to read to a certain extent and to recognize his name when it appeared in print.

Carson was born in Kentucky, but his family moved to Missouri when he was a baby. In Missouri, the family was in danger from Native American attacks and had to find ways to protect themselves. After his father's death in 1818, Kit's mother remarried. The boy became a wild teenager. His stepfather put him to work in a saddle-making shop in Franklin, Missouri.

Carson was born in a log cabin at Tate's Creek, Madison County, Kentucky on Christmas Eve 1809. His parents were Lindsay (or Lindsey) Carson and his second wife, Rebecca Robinson. Lindsay had had five children by his first wife, Lucy Bradley, and ten more children by Rebecca. Kit was their sixth.

Lindsay Carson had a Scots-Irish Presbyterian background. He was a farmer, a cabin builder, and a veteran of the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812. He also fought Native Americans on the frontier. Two fingers on his left hand were shot away in a battle with the Sauk and Fox tribes.

The Carsons moved to Boone's Lick, Howard County, Missouri, when Kit was about one year old. They knew Daniel Boone's family. Lindsay's oldest son, William, married Boone's grandniece, Millie Boone, in 1810. Their daughter, Adaline, became Kit's favorite playmate.

The Carson family was always in danger of Native American attacks in Missouri and so had to be alert. Cabins were "forted:" they had tall fences built around them, called stockades, to make the people inside Them safe from attack. During the day, men worked in the fields near the cabins. Some men had weapons to protect the workers and were ready to kill any Native American who attacked. Carson wrote in his "Memoirs": "For two or three years after our arrival, we had to remain forted and it was necessary to have men stationed at the extremities of the fields for the protection of those that were laboring."

One day in 1818, Lindsay Carson was clearing a field when a tree limb fell on him. He was killed instantly when Kit was about eight years old. His mother took care of her children alone for four years. They lived in great poverty. She then married Joseph Martin, a widower with several children.

Carson did not get along with his stepfather and became a wild and uncontrollable teenager. His stepfather apprenticed him to David Workman, a saddle maker in Franklin, Missouri. Kit was a boy in his mid-teens and wrote in his "Memoirs" that Workman was "a good man, and I often recall the kind treatment I received."

Carson did not like making saddles and ran away from home in 1826. He traveled over the Santa Fe Trail with mountain men. In 1829, he joined with trapper Ewing Young on a trek to the Rocky Mountains. He learned much from Young about trapping.

Franklin, Missouri, was at the eastern end of the Santa Fe Trail and was a starting point for many settlers heading west. Carson heard wonderful stories about the West from the mountain men returning to the East. In August 1826, he ran away from home, and went West with the mountain men. They traveled over the Santa Fe Trail to Santa Fe, New Mexico, and reached their destination in November 1826. Kit passed the winter in Taos, New Mexico, with Mathew Kinkead, a mountain man and a neighbor from Missouri. Taos would become Carson's home.

Workman put an advertisement in a local newspaper back in Missouri. He wrote that he would give a one cent reward to anyone who brought the boy back to Franklin. No one claimed the reward. It was a bit of a joke, but Carson was free. The advertisement featured the first printed description of Carson: "Christopher Carson, a boy about 16 years old, small of his age, but thick set; light hair, ran away from the subscriber, living in Franklin, Howard county, Missouri, to whom he had been bound to learn the saddler's trade."

Between 1827 and 1829, Carson worked as cook, translator, and wagon driver in the Southwest. He also worked at a copper mining|mine near the Gila River, in southwestern New Mexico. In later life, Carson never mentioned any women from his youth. There are only three specific women mentioned in his writing: Josefa Jaramillo, his third and last wife; a comrade's mother in Washington, DC; and Mrs. Ann White, a victim of Native American atrocities.

In August 1829, the 19-year-old Carson joined trapper Ewing Young and his mountain men on a fur- hunting expedition to Arizona and California. That was Carson's first professional job as a mountain man. Carson received much experience as a trapper on the expedition. Young is credited with shaping Carson's early life in the mountains.

Carson returned to Taos in 1829 and joined a wagon train rescue party. Although the perpetrators had fled the scene of atrocities, Young had the opportunity to witness Carson's horsemanship and courage. Kit passed the winter of 1827-1828 as Young's cook in Taos. Carson joined another expedition led by Thomas Fitzpatrick in 1831. Fitzpatrick and his trappers went north to the central Rocky Mountains. Carson would hunt and trap in the West for about ten years. He was known as a reliable man and a good fighter.

Carson traveled through many parts of the American West to gather furs. Men at the time wore hats made of beaver fur. He trapped beaver for the fur trade and sometimes worked with famous mountain men like Jim Bridger and Old Bill Williams.

Carson's career as a mountain man began in 1829, when he joined Ewing Young's trapping expedition to the Rocky Mountains. Mountain men worked mostly in the Rocky Mountains for themselves, sometimes with a partner or two, or for a large trading organization like the Hudson's Bay Company.

A mountain man's life was not easy. He sometimes had to walk into deep cold water to get a trapped beaver. He then had to remove the hide with the fur, yhe pelt. The mountain man kept the beaver pelts for many months and then sold them in St. Louis, Missouri, or at a mountain man "rendezvous". With the money that he collected, he bought fish hooks, flour, tobacco, and the other things that he needed for life in the mountains.

The mountain man faced many hazards including biting insects, bad weather, and diseases of all kinds. There were no doctors in the lands on which mountain men worked. The man had to set his own broken bones, tend his wounds, and nurse himself. Native Americans were an ever-present danger since even friendly ones could turn at once into an enemy. A mountain man usually had a Native American wife or mistress. His main food was buffalo. Je was dressed in deer skins that had stiffened by being left outdoors for a time. The suit of stiffened deer skin gave him some protection from the weapons of his enemies.

Grizzly bears were one of the mountain man's greatest enemies. Carson stated in his "Memoirs" that he was hunting an elk alone in 1834. Two grizzly bears chased him up a tree. One bear tried to make him fall by shaking the tree. The bear was not successful and finally went away. Carson returned to his camp as fast as he could. He stated that the incident had been the scariest moment of his life: "[The bear] finally concluded to leave, of which I was heartily pleased, never having been so scared in my life."

Mountain men met every year in the second quarter of the 19th century for an event called a "rendezvous". The first "rendezvous" was held in 1825. Those events were held in remote areas of the West like the banks of the Green River in Wyoming. A mountain man had a good time at those lively events. Native Americans often joined the gathering. Everyone played card games, danced, sang, told stories, made jokes, and had much to eat and drink. Sometimes, mountain men married Native American women at a "rendezvous". The last rendezvous was held in 1840.

About 1840, the fur trade began to drop off. Well-dressed men in London, Paris, and New York City wanted silk hats instead of beaver hats. In addition, the mountain men had very nearly killed almost every beaver in North America. Trappers were no longer wanted or needed. The mountain man Robert Newell told Jim Bridger: "[W]e are done with this life in the mountains done with wading in beaver dams, and freezing or starving alternately done with Indian trading and Indian fighting. The fur trade is dead in the Rocky Mountains, and it is no place for us now, if ever it was."

Carson knew that it was time to find other work. He stated in his "Memoirs", "Beaver was getting scarce, it became necessary to try our hand at something else." In 1841, he was hired at Bent's Fort in Colorado. The fort was one of the greatest buildings in the West. Hundreds of people worked or lived there. Carson hunted buffalo, antelope, deer, and other animals to feed the hundreds of people. He was paid one dollar a day. He returned to Bent's Fort several times during his life to again provide meat for the fort's residents. In April 1842, Carson went back to his childhood home in Missouri. He made the trip to put his daughter, Adaline, in the care of relatives.

Carson found much pleasure in killing Native Americans. He did not respect them and thought that those who committed outrages like murder, theft, and rape deserved the worst punishment possible. Carson's thoughts about Native Americans softened over the years, as he found himself more and more in their company. He became an Indian agent and a spokesman for the Utes.

Carson was 19 when he set off with Ewing Young's expedition to the Rocky Mountains. In addition to furs and the company of free-spirited rugged mountain men, he sought action and adventure. He found what he was looking for in killing and scalping Native Americans. Carson probably killed and took the scalp of his first Native American when he was 19 years old, during Ewing Young's expedition. Carson was known to most 19th+century Americans as an "Injun killer," chiefly through newspaper accounts and dime novels. Many of the works gave Carson's deeds and life a romantic cast. Excitement and thrills were heightened through exaggeration.

Carson hated Native Americans, especially those who had committed crimes such as rape, theft, and murder. He believed that Native Americans could not be trusted, and should be punished. Mountain men often had to kill Native Americans to save their own lives. The young Carson's brutal and vicious notions about Native Americans is sometimes considered his greatest moral failing. Carson never killed Native American women and children, however. He believed that a brave man would never do so, and he scorned the men who did.

Carson's "Memoirs" are replete with stories about Native American encounters with the memoir writer. In January 1833, for example, warriors of the Crow tribe stole nine horse from Carson's camp. Carson and 11 other men found the Crow camp after dark and quietly led the horses away. The men who owned the horses wanted to return to their own camp at once. Although Carson and two other men had not lost any horses, the three wanted to punish the Crows. Carson and his men fired their guns into the Crow camp and killied almost every Crow. Carson wrote in his "Memoirs": "During our pursuit for the lost animals, we suffered considerably but, the success of having recovered our horses and sending many a redskin to his long home, our sufferings were soon forgotten."

The Blackfoot nation was a hostile tribe and posed an ever-present threat to Carson's safety. A Blackfoot warrior once injured Carson in the shoulder. That was the worst injury he received in his life. He hated the Blackfeet and killed them at every opportunity. The historian David Roberts wrote: "It was taken for granted that the Blackfeet were bad Indians; to shoot them whenever he could was a mountain man's instinct and duty." The Blackfeet did not like whites, Who, they were convinced were trying to take over their hunting grounds. In addition, the Blackfeet wanted the valuable horses that were owned by the whites.

Carson had several encounters with the Blackfeet, but his last battle with them took place in spring 1838. He was traveling with about 100 mountain men, led by Jim Bridger. In Montana Territory, the group found a teepee with three Native American corpses inside. The three had died of smallpox. Bridger wanted to move on, but Carson and the other young men wanted to kill the Blackfeet.

They found the Blackfoot village, and killed ten Blackfeet warriors. The Blackfeet found some safety in a pile of rocks but were driven away. It is not known how many Blackfeet died in that incident. The historian David Roberts wrote that "if anything like pity filled Carson's breast as, in his twenty-ninth year, he beheld the ravaged camp of the Blackfeet, he did not bother to remember it." Carson wrote in his "Memoirs" that this battle was "the prettiest fight I ever saw."

Carson's notions about Native Americans softened over the years. He found himself more and more in their company as he grew older. His thoughts about Native Americans became more understanding and more humane. He urged the government to set aside lands, called reservations, for their use. As an Indian agent, he saw to it that those under his watch were treated with honesty and fairness and were clothed and fed properly. The historian David Roberts believes that his first marriage to an Arapaho women, named Singing Grass, "softened the stern and pragmatic mountaineer's opportunism."

In killing Native Americans, Carson was making America safe for settlers heading west to build their homes, farms, and villages. He had the approval of the US government and its citizens. In addition, Senator Thomas Hart Benton, the United States Congress, and President James K. Polk had developed and were working under a concept called Manifest Destiny, which stated that it was the will of God that the United States push America's western boundary to the Pacific Ocean at all costs. That spurred the movement of American settlers to the West.

Carson was married three times. His first two wives were Native Americans. His third wife was Mexican. He was the father of ten children. Carson never wrote about his first two marriages in his "Memoirs". He may have thought he would be known as a "squaw man". Such men were not welcomed by polite society.

In 1836, Carson met an Arapaho woman named Waanibe (Singing Grass) at a mountain man "rendezvous". This "rendezvous" was held along the Green River in Wyoming. Singing Grass was a lovely young woman. Many mountain men were in love with her. Carson was forced to fight a duel with a French trapper named Chouinard for Waanibe's hand in marriage. Carson won, but he had a very narrow escape. The French trapper's bullet singed his hair. The duel was one of the best known stories about Carson in the 19th century.

Carson married Singing Grass. She was a good wife. She tended to his needs, and went with him on his trapping trips. They had a daughter named Adaline (or Adeline). Singing Grass died after giving birth to Carson's second daughter. This child did not live long. In 1843, she fell into a kettle of boiling soap in Taos. Waanibe died about 1841.

Carson's life as a mountain man was too hard for a little girl. In 1852, he took Adaline to live with his sister Mary Ann Carson Rubey in Saint Louis, Missouri. Adaline was taught in a school for girls called a seminary. Carson brought her West when she was a teenager. She married and divorced. In 1858, she went to the California goldfields. Adaline died in 1860.

In 1841, Carson married a Cheyenne woman named Making-Out-Road. They were together only a short time. Making-Out-Road divorced him in the way of her people. She put Adaline and all Carson's property outside their tent. Making-Out-Road left Carson to travel with her people through the west. Historian David Lavender writes: "[Making-Out-Road] was spoiled. She had put most of the Cheyenne bachelors and half the white men at the fort in a slow burn, and they had showered her with gifts. Now that they were married she expected Kit to keep her in expensive foofaraw (finery). She ignored her household chores and neglected little Adaline ..."

About 1842, Carson met Josefa Jaramillo. She was the beautiful daughter of a wealthy Mexican couple living in Taos. Lewis Garrard wrote: "Her style of beauty was of the haunting, heartbreaking kind ... such as would lead a man with a glance in his eye, to risk his life for one smile." Carson wanted to marry her. He left the Presbyterian Church for the Catholic Church. Thirty-three-year old Carson married 14-year-old Josefa on February 6, 1843. They had eight children.

In 1842, Carson was returning from Missouri after depositing his daughter Adaline with relatives when met John Charles Frémont aboard a steamboat on the Missouri River. Frémont was a United States Army officer in the Corps of Topographical Engineers. Carson had very little money at the time and was hired by Frémont at $100 a month as a guide. Frémont wrote, "I was pleased with him and his manner of address at this first meeting. He was a man of medium height, broad-shouldered, and deep-chested, with a clear steady blue eye and frank speech and address; quiet and unassuming."

In 1842, Carson guided Frémont across the Oregon Trail to Wyoming, their first expedition into the West. The purpose of the expedition was to map and describe the Oregon Trail as far as South Pass, Wyoming. A guidebook and maps would be printed for settlers. Frémont praised Carson in his government reports and so Carson became well known across the United States. He became the hero of many cheap popular books called dime novels.

In 1843, Frémont asked Carson to join his second expedition. Carson guided Frémont across part of the Oregon Trail to the Columbia River in Oregon. The trip's purpose was to map and describe the Oregon Trail from South Pass, Wyoming, to the Columbia River. They also traveled to Great Salt Lake in Utah. The men then headed to California but suffered from bad weather in the Sierra Nevada Mountains. The men were saved by Carson's good judgement and his guiding skills. They found American settlers, who fed them. The expedition then went into California, which was illegal and dangerous. California was Mexican territory. The Mexican government ordered Frémont to leave. He finally went back to Washington, DC. The government liked his reports but ignored his illegal trip into Mexico. Frémont was made a captain, and the newspapers called him "The Pathfinder."

During the expedition, Frémont went to the Mojave Desert. Frémont's party met a Mexican man and boy. The two told Carson that Native Americans had ambushed their party of travelers. The male travelers were killed; the women travelers were staked to the ground, sexually mutilated, and killed. The murderers then stole the Mexicans' 30 horses. Carson and a mountain man friend, Alexis Godey, went after the murderers and took two days to find them. They rushed into their camp and killed and scalped two of the murderers. The stolen horses were recovered and returned to the Mexican man and boy. That selfless and generous deed brought Carson even greater fame. It confirmed his status as a western hero in the eyes of the American people.

In 1845, Carson guided Frémont on their third and last expedition. They went to California and Oregon. Frémont made scientific plans, but the expedition appeared to be political in nature. Frémont may have been working under secret government orders. President Polk wanted the province of Alta California in the United States. Once in California, Frémont started to rouse the American settlers into a patriotic fever and so tne Mexican government ordered him to leave. Frémont went north to Oregon and camped near Klamath Lake. Messages from Washington, DC, made it clear that President Polk wanted California.

At Klamath Lake in southern Oregon, Frémont's party was attacked by about 20 Native Americans on the night of March 6, 1846. Three men in camp were killed. The Native Americans fled after a brief struggle. Carson was angry that his friends had been killed. He took an axe and avenged the death of his friends by chopping away at a dead Klamath's face. Fremont wrote, "He knocked his head to pieces."

In June 1846, both Frémont and Carson participated in a California uprising against Mexico, the Bear Flag Revolt. Mexico ordered all Americans to leave California. They did not want to go and declared California an independent republic. American settlers in California wanted to be free of the Mexican government. The Americans found the courage to oppose Mexico because they had Frémont and his troops on board. He wrote an oath of allegiance. He and his men gave some protection to the Americans. He ordered Carson to execute an old Mexican man named Berresaya and his two adult nephews. The three had been captured when they stepped ashore at San Francisco Bay. They were executed to keep them from taking reports to Mexico about the uprising.

Mexico ordered Frémont and Carson to leave the area. They left for Oregon. Along the way, Carson and most of the group attacked a Native American village and killed about 100 villagers. Carson thought that the massacre would discourage Native Americans from attacking white settlers. Frémont heard that the Klamath tribe had killed three of his men. Carson was sorry to have lost his friends. He attacked another Native American village and wrecked it.

Frémont worked hard to the win California for the United States and became its military governor. Carson took military records to the Secretary of War in Washington, DC. Frémont wrote, "This was a service of great trust and honor... and great danger also." In 1847 and 1848, Carson made two quick trips to Washington, DC, with messages and reports. In 1848, he took news of the California Gold Strike to the nation's capital.

Carson's fame spread throughout the United States with government reports, dime novels, newspaper accounts, and word of mouth. The dime novels celebrated Caron's adventures but were usually colored with exaggeration. A factual biography was attempted by DeWitt C. Peters in 1859 but has been criticized for inaccuracies and exaggerations.

In 1847, the first story about Carson's adventures was printed. Called "An Adventure of Kit Carson: A Tale of the Sacramento", it was printed in "Holden's Dollar Magazine". Other stories were also printed such as "Kit Carson: The Prince of the Goldhunters" and "The Prairie Flower". Writers thought that Carson the perfect mountain man and Indian fighter. His exciting adventures were printed in the story "Kiowa Charley, The White Mustanger; or, Rocky Mountain Kit's Last Scalp Hunt". In it, an older Kit is said to have "had ridden into Sioux camps unattended and alone, had ridden out again, but with the scalps of their greatest warriors at his belt."

In 1849, Carson guided soldiers on the trail of Mrs. Ann White and her baby daughter. They had been captured by Apaches. No one paid attention to Carson's advice about a rescue attempt. Mrs. White was found dead. An arrow was in her heart. She had been horribly abused. She may have been passed among the Apaches as a camp prostitute. Her child had been carried away and was never found.

A soldier in the rescue party wrote: "Mrs. White was a frail, delicate, and very beautiful woman, but having undergone such usage as she suffered nothing but a wreck remained; it was literally covered with blows and scratches. Her countenance even after death indicated a hopeless creature. Over her corpse, we swore vengeance upon her persecutors."

Carson discovered a book about himself in the Apache camp. That was the first time that he found himself in print. He was the hero of adventure stories. He was sorry for the rest of his life that Mrs. White had been killed. He wrote in his "Memoirs": "In camp was found a book, the first of the kind I had ever seen, in which I was made a great hero, slaying Indians by the hundreds... I have often thought that Mrs. White read the same... [and prayed] for my appearance that she might be saved."

In 1856, Carson told his life story to someone who wrote it down. Tne book is called "Memoirs". Some say Carson forgot dates or got them wrong. The manuscript was lost when it was taken east to find a professional writer who would work it into a book. Washington Irving was asked but declined. The lost manuscript was found in a trunk in Paris in 1905 and was later printed.

The first biography of Carson was written by DeWitt C. Peters in 1859. The book was called "Kit Carson, the Nestor of the Mountains, from Facts Narrated by Himself". When it was read to Carson, he said, "Peters laid it on a leetle too thick."

The Mexican–American War was between the United States and Mexico from 1846 to 1848. Under the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the defeated Mexico was forced to sell the territories of Alta California and New Mexico to the United States.

Carson was not a member of the US Army, but one of his best known adventures took place during the war. In December 1846, Carson was ordered by General Stephen W. Kearny to guide him and his troops from Socorro, New Mexico, to San Diego, California. Mexicans soldiers attacked Kearny and his men near the village of San Pasqual, California.

There were too many Mexican soldiers. Kearny knew he would could not win and so he ordered his men to take cover on a small hill. Kearny then sent Carson, a naval lieutenant named Beale, and a Native American scout to get help. The three left on the night of December 8 for San Diego. San Diego was away. Carson and the lieutenant removed their shoes because they made too much noise. They walked barefoot through the desert.

Carson wrote in his "Memoirs": "Finally got through, but had the misfortune to lose our shoes. Had to travel over a country covered with prickly pear and rocks, barefoot." By December 10, Kearny believed that help would not arrive. He planned to break through the Mexican lines the next morning. That night, 200 mounted American soldiers arrived in San Pasqual, swept the area, and drove the Mexicans away. Kearny was in San Diego on December 12. Carson went back to Taos after the Mexican–American War to start a ranch.

In 1853, Carson became the US Indian agent to the Utes, people who lived across northern New Mexico. The Jacarilla Apaches and the Puebloans at the Rio Grande would also come under Carson's watch. His job was to keep the peace between the southwestern tribes and to hunt down and punish any who committed crimes. Carson was honest and fair as an Indian agent.

Carson came to realize that the hostilities between white Americans and Native Americans were the result of a great decrease in available wild game. That situation forced the Native Americans into raiding American farms, ranches, and herds of cattle. He also knew that the liquor available in towns and villages led the Native Americans into serious trouble. Carson wanted the government to put aside large areas of land far from white settlements. The lands would be called reservations and intended for the use of Native Americans only. He thought the Native Americans should be taught agriculture, but it would prove almost impossible to teach nomadic hunters to settle on one piece of land and farm it. He thought his plans would keep these peoples from becoming extinct. Carson resigned as Indian agent with the outbreak of the American Civil War in April 1861. He joined the Union Army to lead the 1st New Mexico Volunteer Infantry.

In April 1861, the American Civil War broke out. Carson left his job as an Indian agent and joined the Union Army. He was made a lieutenant and led the 1st New Mexico Volunteer Infantry. He trained the new men. In October 1861, he was made a colonel. The Volunteers fought the Confederate forces at Valverde, New Mexico, in February 1862. The Confederates won that battle but were later defeated.

Once the Confederates had been driven from New Mexico, Carson's commander, Major James Henry Carleton, turned his attention to the Native Americans. The historian Edwin Sabin wrote that officer had a "psychopathic hatred of the Apaches." Carleton led his forces deep into the Mescalero Apache territory. The Mescaleros were tired of fighting and put themselves under Carson's protection. Carleton put those Apaches on a remote and lonely reservation east on the Pecos River.

Carson disliked the Apaches and wrote in a report that the Jicarilla Apaches "were truly the most degraded and troublesome Indians we have in our department... [W]e daily witness them in a state of intoxication in our plaza." Carson half-heartedly supported Carleton's plans. He was tired and had suffered an injury two years before that gave him great trouble. He resigned from the Army in February 1863. Carleton refused to accept the resignation because he wanted Carson to lead a campaign against the Navajo.

Carleton had chosen a bleak site on the Pecos River for his reservation, which was called Bosque Redondo (Round Grove). He chose the site for the Apaches and the Navajos because it was far from white settlements. He also wanted the Apaches and the Navajo to act as a buffer for any aggressive acts committed upon the white settlements from the Kiowas and Comanches to the east of Bosque Redondo. He thought as well that the remoteness and desolation of the reservation would discourage white settlement.

The Mescalero Apaches walked 130 miles to the reservation. By March 1863, 400 Apaches had settled around nearby Fort Sumner. Others had fled west to join fugitive bands of Apaches. By middle summer, many of them were planting crops and doing other farm work.

On July 7, Carson, with little heart for the Navajo roundup, started the campaign against the tribe. His orders were almost the same as those for the Apache roundup: he was to shoot all men on site and to take the women and children captives. No peace treaties were to be made until all of the Navajo were on the reservation.

Carson searched far and wide for the Navajo. He found their homes, fields, animals, and orchards, but the Navajo were experts at disappearing quickly and hiding in their vast lands. The roundup was a great frustration for Carson. In his fifties, he was tired and ill. By autumn 1863, Carson started to burn the Navajo homes and fields and to remove their animals from the area. The Navaho would starve if the destruction continued, and 188 Navajo surrendered. They were sent to Bosque Redondo, where life had turned grim. Murders occurred since the Apaches and Navajos fought. The water in the Pecos contained minerals that gave people cramps and stomach aches. Residents had to walk about twelve miles to find firewood.

Carson wanted to take a winter break from the campaign, but Carleton refused. Kit was ordered to invade the Canyon de Chelly. It was there that many Navajos had taken refuge. The historian David Roberts wrote, "Carson's sweep through the Canyon de Chelly in the winter of 1863-1864 would prove to be the decisive action in the Campaign."
The Canyon de Chelly was a sacred place for the Navajo. Believing that it would now be their strongest sanctuary, 300 Navajo took refuge on the canyon rim at a place called Fortress Rock. They resisted Carson's invasion by building rope ladders and bridges, lowering water pots into a stream, and keeping out of sight. The 300 Navajo survived the invasion. In January 1864, Carson swept through the 35-mile Canyon with his forces. He cut down the thousands of peach trees in the Canyon. Few Navajo were killed or captured. Carson's invasion, however, proved to the Navajo the white men could invade their country at any time. Many Navajo surrendered at Fort Canby.

By March 1864, there were 3,000 refuges at Fort Canby. An additional 5,000 arrived in the camp. They were suffering from the intense cold and hunger. Carson asked for supplies to feed and clothe them. The thousands of Navajo were led to Bosque Redondo. Many died along the way, and stragglers in the rear were shot and killed. In Navajo history, the horrific trek is known as the Long Walk. By 1866, reports indicated that Bosque Redondo was a complete failure, Carleton was fired, and Congress started investigations. In 1868, a treaty was signed, the Navajo were allowed to return to their homeland, and Bosque Redondo was closed.

On November 25, 1864, Carson led his forces against the southwestern tribes at the First Battle of Adobe Walls in the Texas Panhandle. Adobe Walls was an abandoned trading post that had been blown up by its inhabitants to prevent a takeover by hostile Native Americans. Combatants at the First Battle were the United States Army and masses of Kiowas, Comanches, and Plains Apaches. It was one of the largest engagements fought on the Great Plains. The Texas State Library and Archives Commission noted: "The result of Adobe Walls was a crushing spiritual defeat for the Indians. It also prompted the U.S. military to take its final actions to crush the Indians once and for all. Within the year, the long war between whites and Indians in Texas would reach its conclusion."

The battle was the result of General Carleton's belief that the Native Americans were responsible for the continuing attacks on white settlers along the Santa Fe Trail. He wanted to punish the thieves and murderers and brought in Carson to do the job. With most of the Army engaged elsewhere during the American Civil War, the protection that the settlers sought was almost nonexistent, and they begged for help. Carson led 260 cavalry, 75 infantry, and 72 Ute and Jicarilla Apache Army scouts. In addition, he had two mountain howitzer cannons.

On the morning of November 25, Carson discovered and attacked a Kiowa village of 176 lodges. After the destruction, he moved forward to Adobe Walls. Carson found other Comanche villages in the area and realized that he would face a very large force of Native Americans. A Captain Pettis estimated that 1,200 to 1,400 Comanche and Kiowa began to assemble. The number would swell to possibly 3,000. Four to five hours of battle ensued. When Carson ran low on ammunition and howitzer shells, he ordered his men to retreat to a nearby Kiowa village, which they burned Along with many fine buffalo robes. His Native American scouts killed and mutilated four elderly and weak Kiowas. Their retreat to New Mexico was then begun. There were few deaths among Carson's men. General Carleton wrote to Carson: "This brilliant affair adds another green leaf to the laurel wreath which you have so nobly won in the service of your country." The battle is considered by some to be Carson's finest moment and is thought to be one of the factors that made the Kiowas and the Comanches sue for peace in 1865.

Some of those who have studied the battle believe that Carson was correct in ordering his troops to retreat. Only one Comanche scalp was reported to ne taken by Carson's soldiers. The First Battle at Adobe Walls would be the last time the Comanche and Kiowa forced American troops to retreat from battle. Adobe Walls marked the beginning of the end of the Plains tribes and of their way of life.

A decade later, the Second Battle of Adobe Walls was fought on June 27, 1874, between 250 and 700 Comanche and a group of 28 hunters defending Adobe Walls. After a four-day siege, the hundreds of Native Americans withdrew. The Second Battle led to the Red River War of 1874–1875, which that resulted in the final relocation of the Southern Plains Indians to reservations in Oklahoma.

Carson left the army on November 22, 1867. He moved his family to a small settlement on the Purgatoire River called Boggsville, Colorado. He had no money and sold his house in Taos. He wanted to build a ranch. In January 1868, he was made superintendent of Indian Affairs in the Colorado Territory. He was called to Washington, DC, in February 1868 with Ute chiefs and other men to make a treaty. Carson was seriously ill and doubted that he could make the journey, but he felt a responsibility to the chiefs and made the journey. He asked doctors on the East Coast about his health (they gave him little hope of recovery) and toured New York City, Philadelphia, and Boston. His last photograph was snapped in Boston.

He returned home in April 1868. Josefa had given birth to their last child, Josefita. It was not an easy birth, and Josefa died within two weeks on April 23, 1868. Carson missed her greatly. His health grew worse. He needed chloroform to ease the pain. Carson made his will on May 15, 1868 at Fort Lyon and named Thomas Boggs his administrator. Any monies realized from his estate would be used to support his children. Carson had been diagnosed with an aortic aneurysm. The aneurysm broke; Carson's mouth gushed with blood. His doctor and his best friend Thomas Boggs were present when he died. Carson's last words were "Doctor, goodbye. "Compadre, adíos"." He died on May 23, 1868 at Fort Lyon, Colorado. He was 58 years old.

The wife of an officer offered her wedding dress to line Carson's casket, and the women of the fort took the cloth flowers from their hats to decorate his coffin. Carson and Josefa were first buried in Boggsville. Both were disinterred in 1869 and buried in Taos, New Mexico.

Carson's home in Taos is today a museum maintained by the Kit Carson Foundation. A monument was raised in the plaza at Santa Fe by the New Mexico Grand Army. In Denver, a statue of a mounted Kit Carson can be found atop the Mac Monnies Pioneer Monument. Another equestrian statue can be seen in Trindad. A national forest in New Mexico was named for Carson as well as a mountain and a county in Colorado. A river in Nevada is named for Carson as well as the state's capital, Carson City. Fort Carson, an army training post near Colorado Springs, was named for him during World War II by popular vote of the men training there.

In the 1960s and the 1970s, Carson came under the scrutiny of revisionist historians. He had been regarded as an American hero, but as the tide turned, he became an archvillain in the genocidal campaign against the Native Americans. Clifford Trafzer's 1982 "Kit Carson Campaign: The Last Great Navajo War" found fault with both Carleton and Carson, but Trafzer completely ignored Carson's many acts and deeds that humanized the Long Walk.

In 1992, a young professor at Colorado College was successful in abruptly demanding for a period photograph of Carson to be removed from the ROTC office. That year, a tourist told a journalist at the Carson home in Taos, "I will not go into the home of that racist, genocidal killer." In 1973, militants in Taos tried to change the name of Kit Carson State Park. Six years later, Kit Carson Cave near Gallup, New Mexico, was the target of vandals, and in 1990, protestors spraypainted Kit and Josefa's tombstones with the word "NAZI". In the 1970s, a Navajo at a trading post said, "No one here will talk about Kit Carson. He was a butcher." In 1993, a symposium was organized to air various views on Carson, but the Navajo spokespeople refused to attend.

In time, views of Carson returned to their former glory. David Roberts wrote, "Carson's trajectory, over three and a half decades, from thoughtless killer of Apaches and Blackfeet to defender and champion of the Utes, marks him out as one of the few frontiersmen whose change of heart toward the Indians, born not of missionary theory but of first hand experience, can serve as an exemplar for the more enlightened policies that sporadically gained the day in the twentieth century."


San Juan, Metro Manila

San Juan is a city in Metro Manila, Philippines. It is the smallest city in the country in terms of land area.

Mandaluyong

Mandaluyong, officially the City of Mandaluyong (), is a city in Metro Manila, Philippines. The city's nicknames are the "Tiger City of the Philippines" and the "Shopping Capital of the Philippines".

Valenzuela

Valenzuela may refer to:



Pasay

Pasay, officially the City of Pasay (), is a city in Metro Manila, Philippines. It was one of the original four cities of Metro Manila.

Metro Manila

Metropolitan Manila (), commonly known as Metro Manila, is the National Capital Region (NCR) of the Philippines. It is the seat of government. It has more people than most regions and metropolitan areas of the country.

There are 16 cities in Metro Manila. They include Manila, Caloocan, Las Piñas, Makati, Malabon, Mandaluyong, Marikina, Muntinlupa, Navotas, Parañaque, Pasay, Pasig, Quezon City, San Juan, Taguig, and Valenzuela, as well as the municipality of Pateros.


Monoceros

Monoceros () is a constellation on the celestial equator. Its name is Greek for unicorn. It was described by 17th-century Dutch cartographer Petrus Plancius. Orion is to the west of Monceros. Gemini is to the north. Canis Major is to the south. Hydra is to the east. Other constellations next to Monoceros are Canis Minor, Lepus and Puppis.

Monoceros is hard to see with the naked eye. Its brightest star, Alpha Monocerotis, has a visual magnitude of 3.93. It is brighter than Gamma Monocerotis at 3.98. 

Monoceros does have some interesting features to look at with a small telescope. Beta Monocerotis is a triple star system. The three stars form a triangle which looks to be in one spot. William Herschel commented that it is "one of the most beautiful sights in the heavens".

Monoceros also has Plaskett's Star. It is a big binary system. Its whole mass is said to be that of almost 100 Suns put together. It is as hard to find as the cancer constellation. 



Petrus Plancius

Petrus Plancius (1552 – May 15, 1622) was a Flemish astronomer, cartographer and clergyman. He was born as Pieter Platevoet in Dranouter, now in Heuvelland, West Flanders. He studied theology in Germany and England. At the age of 24 he became a minister in the Dutch Reformed Church. 

In 1592 he published his best known world map named "Nova et exacta Terrarum Tabula geographica et hydrographica". He wrote journals and shipping maps. He made a new way for finding longitude. He was the first to use the Mercator projection for navigational maps.

He was one of the founders of the Dutch East India Company. He drew over 100 maps. 

Plancius knew Henry Hudson. Hudson was an explorer of the New World.

Plancius made the map, "Exacta & accurata delinatio… regionibus China, Cauchinchina, Camboja, sive Champa, Syao, Malacca, Arracan & Pegu," that was in Jan Huygen van Linschoten’s popular book, "Itinerario" (1596).


Edward R. Hauser

Edward R. Hauser (August 29, 1916 – September 8, 2014) was an American animal scientist. He was professor and chairman of the Department of Meat and Animal Science at University of Wisconsin–Madison. Hauser was born in La Crosse, Wisconsin. 

Hauser died from natural causes in Fitchburg, Wisconsin, aged 98.

Boris Khimichev

Boris Petrovich Khimichev (Борис Петрович Химичев; 12 January 1933 – 14 September 2014) was a Ukrainian-born Russian actor. He was named a People's Artist of Russia in 1993. Khimichev was known for his roles in "Aty-baty, shli soldaty...", "The Ballad of the Valiant Knight Ivanhoe", and in "TASS Is Authorized to Declare...".

Khimichev died at the age of 81 from a brain tumor.

Yitzhak Hofi

Yitzhak Hofi (‎; 25 January 1927 – 15 September 2014) was an Israeli spy and general. He was a member of the Palmach. He was also the head of the Israeli Northern Command and the director of Mossad. 

Hofi died on 15 September 2014, aged 87.

Gemini (constellation)

Gemini is one of the constellations of the zodiac. It was one of the 48 constellations described by the 2nd century AD astronomer Ptolemy. It is one of the 88 modern constellations today. Its name is Latin for "twins." It is from the twins Castor and Pollux in Greek mythology. Its symbol is ().

Gemini lies between Taurus to the west and Cancer to the east. Auriga and Lynx are to the north. Monoceros and Canis Minor are to the south.

The Geminids are a meteor shower that can be seen best on December 13–14. People watching it see about 100 meteors per hour at most. It one of the richest meteor showers. The Epsilon Geminids peak between October 18 and October 29. They have only been recently confirmed. They overlap with the Orionids. This makes the Epsilon Geminids hard to see. Epsilon Geminid meteors move faster than Orionids.

In Babylonian astronomy, the stars Castor and Pollux were known as the Great Twins (MUL.MASH.TAB.BA.GAL.GAL). The Twins were thought of as minor gods. They were called Meshlamtaea and Lugalirra. These names meant 'The One who has arisen from the Underworld' and the 'Mighty King'. Both names can be understood as titles of Nergal, the major Babylonian god of plague and pestilence. He was king of the Underworld.

Castor and Pollux are the brightest stars in Gemini. They are two bright stars that appear very close together forming an o shape.

The Sun appears in the constellation Gemini from June 20 to July 20. In tropical astrology, the Sun is in the sign Gemini from May 21 to June 22, and in sidereal astrology, from June 16 to July 15.



Eugene I. Gordon

Eugene Irving Gordon (September 14, 1930 – September 15, 2014) was an American physicist. He was Director of the Lightwave Devices Laboratory of Bell Labs.

Gordon was born on September 14, 1930 in New York City. He graduated from the City College of New York in 1952 with a B.S. in physics, and completed his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1957. 

He became director of the Lightwave Devices Laboratory of Bell Labs. He married Renate Albrecht on December 31, 1991. He died on September 15, 2014 in Scotch Plains, New Jersey, aged 84.

Lepus (constellation)

Lepus is a constellation south of the celestial equator. Its name is Latin for hare. The hare is not from any figure in Greek mythology. Lepus was one of the 48 constellations listed by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy. It is one of the 88 modern constellations. It is below the constellation Orion (the hunter). It is known as a hare being chased by Orion.

This constellation should not be mixed up with Lupus, the wolf.




Puppis

Puppis is a constellation that can be seen in the southern sky. It is one of the 88 modern constellations recognized by the International Astronomical Union.

Argo Navis was sub-divided in 1752 by the French astronomer Nicolas Louis de Lacaille, forming Puppis.


AFC Cup

The AFC Cup is a football competition run by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). It is available to clubs from AFC-affiliated countries that fall into the AFC's "developing nations" category per the "Vision Asia" document.

Jessy Schram

Jessica "Jessy" Schram (born 15 January 1986) is an American actress. She played Hannah Griffith in "Veronica Mars". She also played Susan Davis in the "Jane Doe" television series on the Hallmark Channel.

Schram was born in Skokie, Illinois.

Dranouter

Dranouter is a village in the municipality of Heuvelland in West Flanders, Belgium.

South China AA

South China Athletic Association (also known as South China, SCAA, ) is a Hong Kong sports club, best known for its football team. It is the most successful club in Hong Kong. They won a record 41 First Division League titles. They have also won a record 31 Senior Shields, a record 10 FA Cups and 3 League Cups.










Super Junior-M

Super Junior-M, often referred to as SJ-M, is a Mandopop boy band, under SM Entertainment. They are the first international music group in the Chinese music industry to have members of both Chinese and Korean descent.

Super Junior-M is the third subgroup of Super Junior and the most successful.




Dree Hemingway

Dree Hemingway (born December 4, 1987) is an American fashion model and actress. She is the daughter of Mariel Hemingway and niece of Margaux Hemingway. She did editorials for "Harper's Bazaar" and for "Vogue".

Dree Hemingway was born in Idaho.

Han Geng

Han Geng (; Hangul: 한경; born February 9, 1984) is a Chinese Mandopop singer and actor. He was a member of South Korean boy bands, Super Junior and Super Junior-M.

Tim Hudson

Timothy Adam Hudson (born July 14, 1975) is a retired American professional baseball player. He played the pitcher position.

The first professional team that Hudson played for was the Oakland Athletics. He has also played with the Atlanta Braves and San Francisco Giants.

Hudson attended Glenwood School in Phenix City, Alabama. In his senior year, his team went to the 1993 AISA state championship. He finished his high school year with 12 wins and one loss. He had a 1.78 earned run average. Even with his great statistics, Hudson was not drafted or offered a scholarship to a big college. Hudson decided to go to a local two-year college. He went to Chattahoochee Valley Community College (CVCC).

Hamdeen Sabahi

Hamdeen Sabahi (, ; born 5 July 1954) is an Egyptian left-wing politician, journalist and poet. He is the leader of the Egyptian Popular Current. He also leads National Salvation Front with Amr Moussa. Sabahi is a Nasserist.

Sabahi was born in a small town to a peasant father.

Wanderlei Silva

Wanderlei César da Silva ( ; ; born July 3, 1976) is a Brazilian retired mixed martial artist. He is nicknamed ""The Axe Murderer"" and ""Cachorro Louco"". Silva is best known for his time in Pride Fighting Championships and the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) promotions. He is the record holder for most wins, knockouts, title defenses, and longest winning streak in PRIDE history. He has a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu and black prajied in Muay Thai. He is known for his aggressive fighting style with the most of his fights ending in either a knockout or referee stoppage because of strikes.

On 22 October 2013, he was announced as a coach for "", where he would compete against his long-time rival Chael Sonnen. Silva was suppose to have a bout with Sonnen, which was briefly attached to UFC 173. and then at The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 3 Finale was expected to take place on July 5, 2014 at UFC 175. UFC president Dana White would later say that the fight had to be moved back when Silva injured his hand and back during a brawl with Sonnen which happened during the filming of the show. Silva was pulled from the fight entirely because he had failed to submit an application to fight in the state of Nevada, as well as him refusing to undergo a random drug test. Silva was replaced by Vitor Belfort. On June 10, 2014, Chael Sonnen was reported to have failed a drug test and was not allowed to fight on the UFC 175 card, due to his failed drug test, Sonnen announced that he was retiring from the sport the next day.

On September 19, 2014, Silva announced that he was retiring from mixed martial arts.


Lofa County

Lofa County is a county in Liberia.

The county is bordered by Bong County to the south and Gbarpolu County to the west. The northwestern parts of Lofa border the nation of Sierra Leone. The northeastern parts border Guinea. Mount Wuteve, the highest mountain in Liberia, is in the county.

John Mercer Langston

John Mercer Langston (December 14, 1829 – November 15, 1897) was a dean at Howard University. He helped create the department of law at the university.

Langston was born a free black in Virginia. His mother used to be a slave. His father was English. He was elected town clerk in Ohio. This made him the first black person to hold a public office (a job where the people vote for you). In 1888, he was elected to the U.S. Congress. He was the first black congressman from Virginia.

Michelin Guide

The Michelin Guide (French: "Guide Michelin") is a series of annual guide books published by the French company "Michelin" for over a century. It lists good restaurants and hotels.

The term normally refers to the Michelin Red Guide, the oldest and best-known European hotel and restaurant reference guide. A team of experts gives Michelin stars for excellence to a select few establishments. The gain or loss of a star can have a big effect on the success of a restaurant. 

The guides cover western Europe in detail, major cities in the USA, Japan and Hong Kong Macau. "Michelin" was and is a tyre company, and the guides were originally meant to be packed in the car as you went touring through France. That is why they cover hotels as well as restaurants.

Drive Angry

Drive Angry is a supernatural 2011 action movie. It stars Amber Heard and Nicolas Cage. The movie is about criminals and fast cars.

The movie got mixed reviews by critics. It made less than its budget.

Shaukat Tarin

Shaukat Tarin or Shaukat Tareen (born 1 January 1953) is a senior Pakistani banker. He was Pakistan's finance minister from 2009 to 2010.

Alf Ivar Samuelsen

Alf Ivar Samuelsen (28 February 1942 – 16 September 2014) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party. Samuelsen served as Mayor of Flakstad. He served as mayor from 1986 through 1987. Samuelsen was born in Flakstad. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway from Nordland in 2005. He was not re-elected in 2009.

Samuelsen died in a tractor accident on 16 September 2014 in Flakstad. He was 72.

Andriy Husin

Andriy Leonidovych Husin (; 11 December 1972 – 17 September 2014) was a professional Ukrainian football player and coach. 

He played in the Ukraine national football team. He was one of Ukraine's most capped players. He was a member of Ukraine's 2006 World Cup Squad, and played several games in the 2006 World Cup.

Husin was killed in a motorcycle crash in Kiev on 17 September 2014.

China Zorrilla

China Zorrilla (, Concepción Matilde Zorrilla de San Martín Muñoz; 14 March 1922 – 17 September 2014) was an Uruguayan theater, movie, and television actress. She was known for her roles in "La maffia", "Esperando la carroza", "Besos en la Frente", "Conversations with Mother", and in "Elsa & Fred".

Zorrilla died on 17 September 2014 from pneumonia in a hospital in Montevideo, Uruguay, aged 92.

Linwood Holton

Abner Linwood Holton, Jr. (September 21, 1923 – October 28, 2021) was an American and attorney. He served as the 61st Governor of Virginia. He served as governor from 1970 to 1974. He was the first Republican governor since Reconstruction. Holton, Jr. was born in Big Stone Gap, Virginia.

His daughter, Anne Holton, is married to United States Senator of Virginia Tim Kaine.

Holton died on October 28, 2021 in Kilmarnock, Virginia at the age of 98.

Constitution of Chile

The Political Chilean Constitution () is the main source about the actual structure of the government and laws in Chile. It was approved in a plebiscite in 1980 and effective in 1981. The main editor of the constitutional text was Jaime Guzmán. The original text contains 120 articles, with 29 transitional provisions. It was reformed in 1989, 1991, 1994, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2005, 2007 and the last constitutional reform was made in 2008. Now the actual text contains 129 articles and 21 transitory provisions.



Walter Washington

Walter Edward Washington, (April 15, 1915 – October 27, 2003) was an American politician. He was chief executive of District of Columbia from 1967 to 1979, serving as the first and only Mayor-Commissioner from 1967 to 1974 and as the first home-rule mayor of the District of Columbia from 1974 to 1979. He was the last presidentially-appointed mayor of the District of Columbia.


Frank Nighbor

Julius Francis Joseph "Pembroke Peach" Nighbor (January 26, 1893 – April 13, 1966) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. In March 2010, at a Quebec auction, an American collector paid $33,000 USD to secure Frank Nighbor's game-worn Ottawa Senators sweater from the 1926–27 season.

He played for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL) and National Hockey Association (NHA) and Toronto Maple Leafs of the NHL, Toronto Blueshirts of the NHA and Vancouver Millionaires of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHA).

Nighbor died of cancer on April 13, 1966 in Pembroke, Ontario at the age of 73.



Claire Foy

Claire Elizabeth Foy (born 16 April 1984) is an English actress. She played Anna in the 2011 movie "Season of the Witch". She played Kate in the NBC series "Crossbones". Foy is known for playing Elizabeth II in the Netflix series "The Crown".

Foy was born in Stockport, Greater Manchester, England. She grew up in Manchester, Leeds and Buckinghamshire.

Mark Messier

Mark John Douglas Messier (; born January 18, 1961) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre and a former special assistant to the president and general manager of the New York Rangers. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1979 until 2004. He played for the Edmonton Oilers, New York Rangers, and Vancouver Canucks. He also played in the World Hockey Association (WHA). He was nicknamed "The Moose" because of his aggressiveness and strength.

He is considered to be one of the greatest NHL players of all time that was unable to win an Olympic medal. Messier is listed second on the all-time career lists for regular season points (1887), playoff points (295) and regular season games played (1756). During his career, he was able to win six Stanley Cups, winning it five times the Oilers and one time with the Rangers. 

He is the only player to have captained two different professional teams to championships. During his time with New York, he was nicknamed "The Messiah" because of his playoff leadership while there, which helped end a 54-year Stanley Cup drought in 1994. He is a two-time Hart Trophy winner, winning it in 1990 and 1992. 

Messier is only one of two players (the other being Wayne Gretzky) to have won the Hart Trophy with more than one team. He was also a one-time Conn Smythe Trophy winner as the most valuable player during the playoffs in 1984. He was named as an NHL All-Star 15 times during his career and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on November 12, 2007. On June 30, 2017, he was named an Officer of the Order of Canada by Governor General David Johnston.


Julio Jaramillo

Julio Alfredo Jaramillo Laurido (October 1, 1935 – February 9, 1978) was a famous Ecuadorian singer and recording artist. He performed throughout Latin America. He received great fame for his music of boleros, valses, pasillos, tangos, and ranchera

Having recorded more than 4,000 songs throughout his career, his most famous song was perhaps "Nuestro Juramento" written by Puerto Rican composer, Benito de Jesús.

Jaramillo died from liver sclerosis at the age of 42 in Guayaquil, Ecuador.

George Hamilton IV

George Hege Hamilton IV (July 19, 1937 – September 17, 2014) was an American country musician. He began performing in the late 1950s as a teen idol, later switching to country music in the early 1960s. He performed for the Grand Ole Opry for nearly 50 years.

Hamilton had a heart attack on September 13, 2014. He later died at Saint Thomas Midtown Hospital in Nashville on September 17.

Keith Anderson

Keith Anderson is an American country music singer. He has made two albums. His "Three Chord Country and American Rock & Roll" album was #1 on the "Billboard Hot Country Songs" chart.


Reeva Steenkamp

Reeva Rebecca Steenkamp (19 August 1983 – 14 February 2013) was a South African model and television personality. At the time of her death, she had been filming her part for the reality television show "Tropika Island of Treasure". The series was filmed in Jamaica. As a model, she had a contract with Capacity Relations. She was also a presenter for FashionTV.

Steenkamp was born in Cape Town and raised in Port Elizabeth. Her parents are Barry Steenkamp, a horse trainer, and his second wife June. She was of Dutch and German ancestry. During her early twenties, she broke her back in a horse riding fall, and had to learn how to walk again. She was a paralegal. She dated rugby union player Francois Hougaard. At the time of her death, Steenkamp was dating Paralympic and Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius.

Steenkamp was shot dead by her boyfriend Oscar Pistorius on a Valentine's Day 2013 in Pretoria at age of 29 for mistakenly as an intruder in their home. Pistorius was arrested and charged with murder. He claims he thought she was an intruder. After a very public trial, Pistorius was charged with culpable homicide on 12 September 2014.

Cassandra Lynn

Cassandra Lynn Hensley (née Jensen; August 15, 1979 – January 15, 2014), better known by her stage name Cassandra Lynn, was an American model. She was best known for work with "Playboy". She was the Playmate of the Month for February 2006.

Lynn was born in Price, Utah and raised in Salt Lake City. She was married Gary Hensley on February 7, 2009. She also had two children; a daughter, Alexis, from a previous relationship, and a son, Devin, with Hensley.

Lynn died on January 15, 2014 at her friend's home in Los Angeles, California, aged 34. She was found by her friend floating in a bathtub. Her death was caused by an accidental overdose of cocaine and alcohol.

Warren County, Missouri

Warren County is a county located in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the population was 35,532. The county is located on the north side of the Missouri River. Its county seat is Warrenton. The county was started on January 5, 1833. It was named for General Joseph Warren, who died in the Battle of Bunker Hill during the American Revolutionary War.

Warren County is part of the St. Louis, MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area. The county is crossed by Route 94, called the "Missouri Weinstrasse". This is because of the many vineyards from Marthasville east into St. Charles County. Warren County is also part of the Missouri Rhineland, with award-winning wineries located on both sides of the Missouri River.

Debra Paget

Debra Paget (born Debralee Griffin August 19, 1933) is an American actress. She acts in both movies and television. She played Cathy Reno in "Love Me Tender". She also played Lily Becker in "Stars and Stripes Forever".

Paget was born in Denver, Colorado.

Double Indemnity

Double Indemnity is a 1944 film noir movie about an insurance salesman (Fred MacMurray) and a housewife (Barbara Stanwyck). It was nominated for seven Academy Awards.

Kenny Wheeler

Kenneth Vincent John Wheeler, OC (14 January 1930 – 18 September 2014) was a Canadian composer and trumpet and flugelhorn player. Most of his performances were in jazz, but he was also active in free improvisation and sometimes was into rock music recordings. Wheeler wrote over one hundred compositions and was a skilled arranger for small groups and larger ensembles. Wheeler was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Wheeler died after a short period of frail health at a nursing home in London on 18 September 2014. He was 84 years old.


David Foster Wallace

David Foster Wallace (February 21, 1962 – September 12, 2008) was an American novelist, short story writer, essayist, and professor of English and creative writing. Wallace is widely known for his 1996 novel "Infinite Jest". It was called by "Time" magazine as one of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005.

Wallace committed suicide (by hanging) on September 12, 2008, at age 46.


Sacrifice (2014)

Sacrifice (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on April 27, 2014 at the Impact Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the ninth Sacrifice event that TNA held and was also the second event in TNA's 2014 pay-per-view schedule.

There were eight matches on the card with three main events. The main events saw Eric Young defeat Magnus to retain the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, Gunner defeat James Storm in "I Quit" match and Bobby Roode defeat Bully Ray in a Tables match.

Sacrifice gained mixed reviews with James Caldwell, from Pro Wrestling Torch, saying "there were probably three or four independent shows this weekend with more star-power in their main events". Caldwell also gave the Bobby Roode-Bully Ray match minus two stars.


Elaine Lee

Elaine Lee (23 December 1939 – 19 September 2014) was a South African-Australian actress. She was best known for her role as Vera Collins in the 1970s television soap opera "Number 96". She also appeared in the drama series "Heartbreak High" and "Home and Away".

Lee was born in Springs, Transvaal (now Gauteng). She was married to actor Garth Meade. The couple moved from South Africa to Australia so Meade could have a better career in 1970. In 1976, the couple's marriage ended in divorce.

Lee died on 19 September 2014 in Sydney, New South Wales, aged 74.

U. Srinivas

Uppalapu Shrinivas (; 28 February 1969 – 19 September 2014), better known by his stage name U. Srinivas, was an Indian mandolinist and music educator. He performed under the Carnatic musical tradition. He was given many awards including: Padma Shri (1998) and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award (2010). He worked with musicians such as John McLaughlin, Michael Nyman, and Michael Brook.

Srinivas was born in Palakol, Andhra Pradesh. He was married to Sree from 1994 until their divorce in 2012. They had one son, Sai Krishna who is also known as Nani Krish.

Srinivas died from liver failure on 19 September 2014 in Chennai. He was 45.


Jürg Schubiger

Jürg Schubiger (14 October 1936 – 15 September 2014) was a Swiss children's writer and psychologist. In 1996, for his work on "Als die Welt noch jung war", he won the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis (German Youth Literature Award). He was also the biennial Hans Christian Andersen Medal in 2008 for his work on children's books. He wrote around thirty books between 1956 and 2010. He also wrote prose novels.

Schubiger was born in Zürich and raised in Winterthur. He graduated from the University of Zürich. He was married to Renate Bänninger Schubiger. The couple had two sons.

Schubiger died after a long illness on 15 September 2014 in Zürich. He was 77.

American imperialism

American imperialism is the economic, military, and cultural influence of the United States on other countries. 

At one time this influence included expansion into the foreign territories. Expansionism was a primary objective of most empires, an example being the British Empire. 

American imperialism began in the 1890s. In 1896 the US annexed the Hawaiian Islands. 

After the Spanish-American War the US annexed Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines. In 1914 the US completed the Panama Canal. The Roosevelt Corollary to the Monroe Doctrine increased US influence in Latin America. It was the basis for Roosevelt's Big Stick policy. The US evolved from expansionism towards being an influence on world affairs.

Herman Hollerith

Herman Hollerith (February 29, 1860 – November 17, 1929) was an American statistician and inventor. He developed a mechanical tabulator based on punched cards. This tabulated (put into tables) the data from millions of people. He was the founder of the "Tabulating Machine Company" that later became IBM.

Hollerith is known as the father of modern machine data processing. The start of automatic data processing systems came with his invention. Programs and data were put in to computer by punched cards in the 1950s and 60s.

Hollerith began working for the United States Census Bureau in the year he filed his first patent application. Titled "Art of Compiling Statistics", it was filed on September 23, 1884; U.S. Patent 395,782 was granted on January 8, 1889.

Hollerith built machines under contract for the Census Office, which used them to tabulate the 1890 United States Census in only one year. The previous 1880 United States Census had taken eight years.

Hollerith started his "Tabulating Machine Company" in 1896. Major census bureaus around the world leased his equipment and purchased his cards, as did major insurance companies. Hollerith's machines were used for censuses in England, Italy, Germany, Russia, Austria, Canada, France, Norway, Puerto Rico, Cuba, and the Philippines, and again in the 1900 United States Census . To make his system work, he invented the first automatic card-feed mechanism and the first keypunch (that is, a punch operated by a keyboard); a skilled operator could punch 200–300 cards per hour. He also invented a tabulator.

Mary of Eu

Mary I of Lusignan (c. 1223 – October 1, 1260) was a Countess of Eu in France. She was a daughter of Raoul II of Lusignan, Count of Eu. Her mother was Yolande de Dreux, daughter of Robert II, Count of Dreux and Yolande de Coucy.

Mary married Alphonso of Brienne about 1250. She became Dame d'Issoudun, Countess of Eu and of Guinness in 1250. Mary died on October 1, 1260 in Melle.

She and Alphonso had two children:


Marie’s possible children:

Quartering Acts

Quartering Act is the name given to two Acts of the British Parliament in the 18th century. These acts ordered the local governments of the American colonies to give British soldiers housing and food when they needed it. 

Each of the Quartering Acts was an amendment to the Mutiny Act. The Parliament renewed them each year. The Acts were passed to solve the problems of the French and Indian War. They caused tension between the Thirteen Colonies and the government in London. These problems led, in part, to the Revolutionary War.


Stardust

Stardust may refer to:






The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson

The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson was a talk show hosted by Johnny Carson under "The Tonight Show" franchise. It ran from October 1, 1962 through May 22, 1992. It originally aired during late-night. For its first ten years, Johnny Carson's "The Tonight Show" was based at Thirty Rockefeller Plaza in New York City, on May 1, 1972, the show was moved to Burbank, California. Peter Lassally served as the show's executive producer.

In 2002, "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" was ranked #12 on "TV Guide"s 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.

Carson played some skits during his show, the most popular were Carnac the Magnificent, Floyd R. Turbo, and Ronald Reagan (during his term in office, Carson would impersonate him).

In the show, Ed McMahon would be Caron's sidekick throughout the entire series and Doc Severinsen would lead the orchestra and would sometimes be Carson's sidekick.


Popigai crater

Popigai crater is an impact crater in Siberia, Russia. It was formed when a meteor struck the Earth about 35 million years ago.

There are many diamonds under the crater. The diamonds were made when the high pressure of the meteor hitting the ground compressed the graphite. 

Even though there are many diamonds, mining is not considered to be profitable. That is partly because the mine is in a place far from people. Perhaps it is more because its diamonds are only industrial quality, and they can be made more cheaply by artificial means.

Hempstead, New York

Hempstead is a town in the U.S. state of New York. It is Nassau County. It has a population of 793,409.

If Hempstead was a city, it would be the second largest city in New York. Hempstead has more people than any other town in the United States.

Darrell Zwerling

Darrell Zwerling (1927/1928 – April 2014) was an American character actor. His most famous role was Hollis Mulwray, the Water Authority Commissioner (the husband of Faye Dunaway's character) in Roman Polanski's "Chinatown".

He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Zwerling died in Hollywood, California in April 2014 from unknown causes but his death was not announced until September 16, 2014 by The Julliard School in New York.


Buster Jones

Edward L. "Buster" Jones (December 12, 1923 – September 16, 2014) was an American voice actor. He was best known for his roles as Black Vulcan in "Super Friends" Blaster in "The Transformers", Doc in "" and Winston Zeddemore in "The Real Ghostbusters" (replacing Arsenio Hall) and later "Extreme Ghostbusters". He was born in Paris, Tennessee.

Jones died September 16, 2014, in his home in Hollywood, California, at age 71.

Avraham Heffner

Avraham Heffner (Hebrew: אברהם הפנר‎; 7 May 1935 – 19 September 2014) was an Israeli movie and television director, screenwriter, author and Professor Emeritus at the Tel-Aviv University. He was a recipient of the Ophir Award for lifetime achievements.

Heffner was known for his works in "Slow Down", "Aunt Clara" (1977) and "Laura Adler's Last Love Affair".

Heffner died on 19 September 2014 in Tel Aviv, Israel, aged 79.

Rudi van Dantzig

Rudi van Dantzig (4 August 1933 – 19 January 2012) was a Dutch choreographer, ballet dancer and writer. From 1965 until his death he was the artistic co-leader of the Dutch National Ballet in Amsterdam.

Van Dantzig was born in Amsterdam. After Sonia Gaskell (left in 1969) and his other colleague left the Dutch National Ballet in 1971, he was the only artistic leader until 1991.

In 1986 he wrote an autobiographical novel, "Voor een verloren soldaat", about his homosexuality and sexual relationship while a young boy with a Canadian soldier. The book became a great success and received several awards; an English translation, "For a Lost Soldier", was published in 1991.

In 1992 a Dutch movie with the same title (English version: "For a Lost Soldier") was based on it. Van Dantzig also published a biography of the Dutch artist and resistance fighter Willem Arondeus in 2003.

Van Dantzig died in 2012, aged 78 from lymphoma and male breast cancer.



Gerard Kuiper

Gerard Peter Kuiper (; ; born Gerrit Pieter Kuiper; December 7, 1905 – December 23, 1973) was a Dutch-born American astronomer.The Kuiper belt is named after him. He discovered two natural satellites of planets in the solar system, namely Uranus's moon Miranda and Neptune's moon Nereid.

Kuiper went to college at the University of Leiden. He graduated in 1927 and went on to earn his doctorate in 1933. That same year, he moved to the United States and began working at the Lick Observatory in California. In 1935, he was a lecturer at Harvard University. In 1936, he moved to the University of Chicago, and in 1943 he became a professor there. He was the director of their observatories from 1947 until 1960. In 1960, Kuiper began work at the University of Arizona, and he started their lunar and planetary laboratory. He was the director of the laboratory until July 1973.

Kuiper found groups of dwarf stars. He was the first person to figure out the diameter of Pluto, and where the poles and equator of Venus are. In the 1960s, he was one of the people who knew the most about the earth's moon, and he worked with NASA.


Mary Wilson

Mary Wilson (March 6, 1944 – February 8, 2021) was an American singer. She was an original member of The Supremes. She remained in the group until 1977. She released three solo records. She also had five of her own singles. Wilson was born in Greenville, Mississippi.

Wilson died on February 8, 2021 at her home in Henderson, Nevada from hypertensive heart disease at the age of 76.

Hartford Colony

Hartford Colony is a historic district in Waterford, Connecticut. It is in the area of Leonard Court, New Shore Road, and Shore Road. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

Michelle Phillips

Michelle Phillips (born Holly Michelle Gilliam, June 4, 1944) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She is best known for being in the musical group The Mamas & the Papas. In the 1990s, she played Abby Malone on "Beverly Hills, 90210".

Phillips was born in Long Beach, California.

Meredith MacRae

Meredith Lynn MacRae (May 30, 1944 – July 14, 2000) was an American actress and singer. She played Sally Ann on the show "My Three Sons" and Billie Jo in "Petticoat Junction".

She was born in Houston, Texas. She died of brain cancer in Manhattan Beach, California.

Old Borges Ranch

The Old Borges Ranch is a historic district in Walnut Creek, California. It covers an area of . There are four contributing buildings.

In 1899, Frank Borges bought . He used it for a cattle ranch and a home for his family. The ranch has a blacksmith shop, farm equipment displays, a barn, and other buildings. One of those buildings is the Borges family home. The home has five rooms. It is made of redwood. Five generations of the Borges family lived in the house. It is now the Old Borges Ranchhouse and Visitor Center. Today, rangers live and work at the ranch.


Sparky Anderson

Sparky Anderson (22 Feb 1934 - 4 Nov 2010) was a baseball manager, born as George Lee Anderson in Bridgewater, South Dakota. He managed the Cincinnati Reds and the Detroit Tigers. He was voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2000.

Niki Nordenskjöld

Annika Nordenskjöld Olsén (1 December 1975 – 3 September 2014), better known by her stage name Niki Nordenskjöld, was a Swedish actress and illustrator. She was best known for her role as Lina in the television comedy series "Solsidan".

Nordenskjöld was born in Gothenburg. She started her career in 1990 at the age of 15.

Nordenskjöld died from cancer on 3 September 2014 in Stockholm, aged 38.


National Convention

The National Convention was an assembly, meeting in France from September 21st, 1792 until October 26, 1795. This was the third assembly of the French Revolution. It came after the Legislative Assembly and founded the First Republic.
The first act of the National Convention was to get rid of the monarchy. The Legislative Assembly had decided that after Louis XVI was no longer king, a new government would need to create a French constitution. It was decided that all French men over the age of twenty-five would be able to vote, despite class. The winners of this election formed the National Convention. Men on the National Convention would be on the National Convention for a year, followed by another election. 

The National convention became known as the most radical part of the French Revolution. It took land away from the Nobility and sold it to peasants. In the Reign of Terror it sent thousands of people to the guillotine for execution. in 1793 they voted to execute Louis XVI and his wife Marie Antoinette.

Orphan Black

Orphan Black is a Canadian science fiction television series. It was created by screenwriter Graeme Manson and director John Fawcett. "Orphan Black" stars Tatiana Maslany as several identical people who turn out to be clones. The main character in the series is Sarah Manning. Sarah Manning takes on the identity of one of her clones, Elizabeth Childs, after the clone kills themselves.

At the beginning of the series, Sarah Manning, a con artist sees a woman who looks exactly like her. The woman kills herself by jumping in front of a train. The woman is revealed to be Elizabeth Childs. Sarah steals Beth's identity, job, purse, and shoes. Sarah finds out that Beth has $ 70,000 dollars in the bank. This is enough for Sarah to disappear with her daughter, Kira, and her foster-brother, Felix. Beth turns out to be a police officer with a boyfriend, Paul. Sarah also finds out that a few months before, Beth had killed a civilian, Maggie Chen. Beth had been suspended from the force following this. When Sarah impersonates Beth, it is difficult to convince Art, Beth's police partner, that everything is fine. Art is suspicious, and believes that "Beth" is planning to escape town to avoid her hearing. He finds the money Sarah has taken from Beth and holds it until he is convinced nothing is wrong. Meanwhile, Felix arrives at the coroner's office and identifies Beth's body as Sarah.

Beth is often contacted by a mysterious women on a green phone. Sarah ignores these calls until another clone, Katja Obinger, gets into Sarah's car. Katja believes that Sarah is Beth and begs her to help her. Sarah refuses. Katja eventually realizes that Sarah is not Beth, before she is shot in the head. Sarah talks to the women on the phone. She realizes that she is a clone. She knows that she must bury Katja's body. She also realizes that she has many clones across the world that someone is trying to kill.

The clones that Sarah meets are named Alison Hendrix and Cosima Niehaus. Cosima is a student at the University of Minnesota studying evolutionary development. Alison is a suburban mom. The three become close friends and eventually discover that they were all made by a company called the DYAD. They also realize that they all have a "monitor" (a person in their lives to spy on them).

Eventually, the clones realize that it is another clone that is killing them, Helena. A religious extremist group, the Proletheans, have told Helena that she is the original clone. She believes that the others are an insult to God. Helena and Sarah are actually twins, and have a "connection". At the end of series one, Sarah shoots Helena to protect Kira.

The plot of the show is about the clones trying to protect their family and friends.


Sacrifice (2012)

Sacrifice (2012) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on May 13, 2012 at the Impact Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the eighth Sacrifice event that TNA held and was also the fifth event in TNA's 2012 pay-per-view schedule.

There were eight matches on the card. The main event saw Bobby Roode defeat Rob Van Dam in a Ladder match to retain the TNA World Heavyweight Championship.

Sacrifice gained mixed to positive reviews. Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter thought of the show as an, "easy thumbs up show", he would also said, "I will admit to be bored through some of the early parts of it. That wasn't necessarily due to the show not being good, but mainly because I'm rather cold on the product at the moment...Things really picked up for the last three matches. Austin Aries had his breakout match in TNA tonight. If, and that's a big IF, TNA follows up on it properly, they may have something here with Austin Aries."


Clare Cathcart

Clare Cathcart (3 October 1965 – 4 September 2014) was a Northern Irish actress. She appeared in the television series "New Tricks", "Call the Midwife" and "Doctors". She also appeared in "Holby City", "Father Ted" and "The Bill".

Cathcart was born in Bellanaleck, County Fermanagh.

Cathcart died from an asthma attack on 4 September 2014 in Brighton, East Sussex. She was 48.

Joseph B. Raynor Jr.

Joseph Bryant "Joe" Raynor, Jr. (January 26, 1923 – September 4, 2014) was an American politician and businessman. He was a member of the Democratic Party. From 1965 until 1992, he served as a Member of the North Carolina Senate from the 10th district.

Raynor was born in Cumberland County, North Carolina. He opened up an automotive supply business after finishing high school. He was married to Mildred Horne from 1944 until her death.

Raynor died from a long illness on September 4, 2014 in Fayetteville, North Carolina. He was 91.


Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe (album)

Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe is the only studio album by English progressive rock band Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe. The album was released on June 20, 1989. It was on label Arista Records. 

Timema

Timema is a genus of short-bodied, somewhat thicker stick insects. They are native to the far western United States.

Compared to other stick insects (order Phasmatodea), the genus "Timema" is basal. It is the earliest living branch to diverge from the phylogenetic tree of the Phasmatodea. To emphasize this, all other stick insects are sometimes described as "Euphasmatodea."

Five of the 21 species of "Timema" are parthenogenetic, including two species that have done sexual reproduction for a million years. This is the longest known asexual period for any insect.

"Timema" sticks are night-feeders: they spend daytime resting on the leaves or bark of the plants they feed on. They are camouflaged. "Timema" species have colours (green, gray, or brown) and patterns (stripes or dots) which match their background. 

Sacrifice (2011)

Sacrifice (2011) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on May 15, 2011 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the seventh Sacrifice event that TNA held.

There were nine matches on the card. The main event saw Sting defeat Rob Van Dam to retain the TNA World Heavyweight Championship.

Sacrifice gained mixed reviews. James Caldwell of Pro Wrestling Torch thought that the show had an "Awful undercard and decent-to-acceptable second-half of the card". He said that "Overall, TNA was missing a match like Steiner vs. Morgan, which they began hyping at the first set of TV tapings, to better bridge the middle of the show to the main event matches. Instead, the show had too many matches the crowd had no emotional investment in."


Near field communication

Near field communication (often shortened to NFC) is the name for a standard that uses radio communication technology to send data over short distances. Usually, the distance covered is in the order of four centimeters. The standard is mostly used for micropayment systems. Another common use is to store tickets, such as those used for trains and buses on a re-usable smartcard. Many universities equip their student ID cards so they can be used to pay small amounts, for example a cup of coffee in a cafeteria.

Each device is either active or passive; some can assume both roles.

Gaslight (movie)

Gaslight is a 1944 American crime drama mystery thriller movie. It was based on the play "Gas Light". The movie is about a man trying to steal jewels that belong to his wife. He tries to make his wife insane so that she will not interfere. Charles Boyer and Ingrid Bergman play the man and the wife. Angela Lansbury plays their maid, Nancy.

This movie was released on May 4, 1944. The movie won two Academy Awards and was nominated for five others.

The term "gaslighting" comes from the title of the movie.

Cooperative binding

Cooperative binding is when the number of small molecules binding to a macromolecule depends on the concentration of those small molecules around the macromolecule.

This is a type of molecular binding, which is where molecules attach to each other in a stable way without decaying or breaking that bond rapidly. 

A popular example of cooperative binding is between hemoglobin and oxygen. In the lungs, there is a very high concentration of oxygen in the alveoli of the lungs. So the oxygen bonds to haemoglobin to form oxyhaemoglobin. When this travels around the body in the blood and reaches areas of low oxygen concentration, the oxygen is released from the haemoglobin.


Laura (movie)

Laura is a 1944 American film noir. The movie is about a murder investigation in New York City. Dana Andrews plays the detective. Gene Tierney plays the title character. Judith Anderson plays Ann.

The movie was released on October 11, 1944. It got positive review from critics. The movie won an Academy Award and was nominated for four others.

Mary Rowlandson

Mary (White) Rowlandson, later Mary Talcott (c. 1637January 5, 1711) was a colonial American woman. She was captured by Indians during King Philip's War. She was held in captivity for three months before being ransomed. Six years after her ordeal, she wrote "The Sovereignty and Goodness of God: Being a Narrative of the Captivity and Restoration of Mrs. Mary Rowlandson". It was published in 1682. This text is considered an American leader in the literary genre of captivity narratives. It went through four printings in 1682. It was widely read in colonial New England and in England. It is considered the first American "bestseller."

Mary White was born about 1637 in Somersetshire, England. The family left England sometime before 1650. They settled at Salem in the Massachusetts Bay Colony. In 1653, they moved to Lancaster, Massachusetts. Lancaster was on the Massachusetts frontier. She married Reverend Joseph Rowlandson there in 1656. They had four children between 1658 and 1669. Their first daughter died young.

At sunrise in February 1676 during King Philip's War, Lancaster was attacked by Narragansett, Wampanoag and Nipmuc Indians. They killed 13 people. At least 24 were taken captive. Many of the captives were injured. Rowlandson and her three children, Joseph, Mary, and Sarah, were among those taken in the raid. Rowlandson's 6-year-old daughter, Sarah, died from her wounds after a week of captivity. For nearly three months, Rowlandson and her children were forced to stay with the Indians. The Indians travelled through the wilderness to carry out other raids. They also wanted to hide from the English militia. Rowlandson suffered very much. She described her sufferings in great detail in her book.

On May 2, 1676, Rowlandson was ransomed for £20. The money was raised by the women of Boston. In 1677, Reverend Rowlandson moved his family to Wethersfield, Connecticut. He became pastor in April of that year. He died in Wethersfield in November 1678. Church officials gave his widow a pension of £30 per year. Rowlandson and her children moved to Boston. On August 6, 1679, Rowlandson married Captain Samuel Talcott and took his last name. She died on January 5, 1711. Rowlandson is thought to have written the story of her captivity in Boston. The original manuscript has not survived. It was published both in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and in London in 1682.


Got7

Got7 (; romanized as "Gatsebeun"; stylized as GOT7) is a multi-national K-pop boy group formed in 2014. Got7 has seven members. The leader JB, Mark, Jackson, Jinyoung, Youngjae, BamBam and Yugyeom. They are a multinational group with members from South Korea, Hong Kong, Thailand, and the United States. Got7 released their debut EP, "Got It?", on January 20, 2014. On October 22, 2014, they debuted in Japan with the release of their first Japanese single, "Around the World". 

Two members of GOT7 made their debut as “JJ Project” in 2012. On January 16, 2014, the two members joined the other five members and re-debuted as “GOT7”. Their debut EP “Got It?” was released on January 20, 2014. Their Japanese single “AROUND THE WORLD” was released January 22, 2014. Their activities in Japan ended in 2020.

Mark is the oldest member of GOT7, but JB is the leader of this group. JB, Jinyoung, Youngjae, Yugyeom are all Korean. Mark is from the United States. Jackson is from Hong Kong and BamBam is Thai.

This idol group was formed by GOT7 Entertainment. GOT7 is a member of G7 Nation. All members were trainees of JYP Entertainment. Jinyoung is active as an actor. JB is in two units of GOT7 members. One unit is “JJ Project” with Jinyoung and the other is “Jus2” with Yugyeom. The music videos of "Just right", "Lullaby", and "Never Ever" have over 100 million views. 

Since their debut in 2014, they received 56 awards and 148 nominations. In 2014, Got7 won Best New Artist Group at the Seoul Music Awards and received three nominations at the 29th Golden Disk Awards, winning the Newcomer Award and China Goodwill Star Award. In 2020, they got awards “WORLDWIDE FANS’ CHOICE” in MAMA (Mnet Asian Music Awards) and “year’s artists awards” in TMA (THE FACT MUSIC AWARDS).

Assassin bug

Assassin bugs are the Reduviidae. They are a large cosmopolitan family of "true bugs" or Hemiptera. 

They are almost all terrestrial ambush predators. 

Most members of the family are easy to recognise: they have a relatively narrow neck, sturdy build and formidable curved proboscis. Large specimens should be handled with care, if at all, because they may defend themselves with a very painful stab from the proboscis.

Crab cake

Crab cakes are a popular dish from the Chesapeake Bay region of Maryland. They are a mix of crab meat and seasonings. They usually contain bread picked apart in small pieces, mayonnaise, mustard, parsley, beaten egg, paprika and pepper.

Traditionally, crab cakes are fried in vegetable oil. They can be served between saltine crackers or on a roll. A typical size is 1/5 to ¼ lb. Often they are eaten with French fries and a soda or beer.

Anatoly Berezovoy

Anatoly Nikolayevich Berezovoy (, 11 March 1942 – 20 September 2014) was a Soviet cosmonaut.

Berezovoy was born in Enem, Adyghe Autonomous Oblast, Russian SFSR in a Ukrainian family. He had two children.

On 27 April 1970 he was selected as a cosmonaut and flew as Commander on Soyuz T-5. He retired on 31 October 1992 due to medical reasons after injuries he received as a victim of an armed robbery. From 1992 to 1999, he was a Deputy President Russian Space Federation.

Berezovoy died on September 20, 2014 in Moscow, Russia, aged 72.

Fremont, Ohio

Fremont is a city in and the county seat of Sandusky County, Ohio, United States. The population was 15,930 at the 2020 census. It was the home of Rutherford B. Hayes, who was President of the United States from 1877 to 1881.

Altaf Gauhar

Altaf Gauhar or sometimes written Altaf Gohar (1923-2000) was a Pakistani civil servant, journalist and writer. He is best known for having helped to write the biography of the notorious Pakistani military dictator General.Ayub Khan.

Riffat Hassan

Riffat Hassan (born 1943 in Lahore) is a Pakistani-American feminist and Islamic scholar of the Quran.

She studied from Durham University, England and later moved to the United States. She has taught at schools including Oklahoma State University and Harvard University, and is currently a professor of Religious Studies at the University of Louisville, Kentucky 

She is a strong supporter of 'Progressive Islam' and of the right of abortion and to the access to contraception for Muslim women. 

Atomic Betty

Atomic Betty is a Flash animated television series. It is produced by Atomic Cartoons, Breakthrough Films & Television, and Tele Images Kids. It is about a girl named Betty who enjoys school, daydreaming, Science fiction movies and singing in her band. She lives in Moose Jaw Heights, a fictional place in Saskatchewan. Atomic Betty is assisted by her pilot Sparky and a robot named X-5. She confronts the evil overlord Maximus I.Q. (including Minimus) and other intergalactic supervillains. Atomic Betty is a superstar throughout the galaxy.


Planning Institute of Paris

The Planning Institute of Paris is a scientific research institute and university graduate training in the field of urban planning. It is in the Paris 12 Val de Marne University campus, France. The institute was established in 1919. It is a member of AESOP (Association of European Schools of Planning) and the French Urbanism Institute.


French Urbanism Institute

The French Urbanism Institute (IFU) is a scientific research institute in the Université de Marne-la-Vallée near Paris, France. The institute was established in 1969 after the establishment of the Planning Institute of Paris in 1919.


For the Boys

For the Boys is a 1991 romantic comedy-drama movie. It is about Dixie Leonard, a singer and actress in the 1940s. Leonard performs to entertain American war troops. Bette Midler plays Dixie Leonard. James Caan plays Eddie Sparks.

Some critics liked the movie. Some did not like it. It did not make much money.

Damon Wayans

Damon Wayans, Sr. (born September 4, 1960) is an American actor and stand-up comedian. He acts in both movies and television. He played Jimmy Dix in "The Last Boy Scout". He also played Lewis Scott in "Celtic Pride".

He was born in New York City.

The Last Boy Scout

The Last Boy Scout is a 1991 American action crime thriller movie. Damon Wayans plays Jimmy Dix. Bruce Willis plays Joe. Halle Berry plays Cory. Danielle Harris plays Darian.

This movie was released on December 13, 1991. It got mixed reviews from critics.


Karl Jaspers

Karl Theodor Jaspers (23 February 1883 – 26 February 1969) was a German psychiatrist and philosopher. Jaspers contributed a lot to modern psychiatry: He was one of the first doctors who made a strict distinction between "understanding" and "explaining". Jaspers said that there is only an indirect path to the processes of the soul. 
Jaspers was born in Saxony. Jaspers father was a jurist and after a director of a bank. Jaspers was a "sickly child". Jaspers had from his youth low health from hereditary bronchiectasis which was diagnosed during April 1901, and is a degenerative disease. Jaspers was also diagnosed with "alleged secondary cardiac insufficiency" at some time during his youth. 

Jaspers decided to study law at university, but changed to studying medicine from 1902 and achieved a medical degree during 1908. The subject of his thesis for graduation was homesickness and crime. His entire career as a psychiatrist with patients was approximately six years, after which he quit and became a philosopher instead. 

The most important thing Jaspers did for psychiatry was writing a book which was published during 1913 with the title "General Psychopathology". 

Mortar (masonry)

Mortar acts as a kind of glue to keep stones and bricks together. When it is used, it is a kind of paste. Some kinds of mortar need to dry before they can act as a glue, in others, a chemical reaction is needed. Certain kinds of mortar can withstand fire for some time. The first kind of mortar was developed in Ancient Rome. 

Polly Bergen

Nellie Paulina Burgin (July 14, 1930 – September 20, 2014), better known by her stage name Polly Bergen, was an American actress, singer, television host, and businesswoman.

In 1958, Bergen won an Emmy Award for her role as Helen Morgan in the Playhouse 90 drama series "The Helen Morgan Story". She also was awarded with a Tony Award in 2001 for her role as Carlotta Campion in "Follies". In the early 1960s, she was nominated with two Golden Globe Award for "Cape Fear" (1962) and "The Caretakers" (1963). From 1957 to 1958, she hosted "The Polly Bergen Show", an NBC comedy/variety show for 18 episodes. She also had an Emmy-nominated guest role in the television series "Desperate Housewives" as Stella Wingfield from 2007 until 2011.

Bergen was born in Knoxville, Tennessee to a Southern Baptist family. She was married three times, all ending in divorce. She was first married to Jeffrey Endervelt from 1950 until 1955. She then married theatrical agent/movie producer Freddie Fields from 1956 until 1973. They had three children, two of which her adopted. She was later married to Jeffrey Endervelt from 1982 until 1990. During her marriage to Fields, she became Jewish.

Bergen died from heart failure on September 20, 2014 in Southbury, Connecticut. She was 84. She had emphysema since the 1990s, caused by fifty years of smoking.

Dina Merrill

Dina Merrill (December 29, 1923 – May 22, 2017) was an American actress, socialite, businesswoman and philanthropist. She is known for her roles in "Operation Petticoat", "The Sundowners", "BUtterfield 8", "The Courtship of Eddie's Father", and in "Caddyshack II".

Merrill died on May 22, 2017 at her East Hampton, New York home from dementia at the age of 93.

William Hall-Jones

Sir William Hall-Jones, KCMG (16 January 1851 – 19 June 1936) was the 16th Prime Minister of New Zealand from June 1906 until August 1906. He was the interim Prime Minister after the death of Richard Seddon and the return from overseas of Joseph Ward.


Lynbrook, New York

Lynbrook is a village in Nassau County, New York, USA. The population was 20,438 at the 2020 census. The Incorporated Village of Lynbrook is inside the Town of Hempstead. The Village of Lynbrook's current mayor is Alan C. Beach.

Jeanne Shaheen

Cynthia Jeanne Bowers (also Jeanne Shaheen; born January 28, 1947) is an American politician She is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party.

In 1996, Shaheen became the first woman to be elected Governor of New Hampshire.

In 2008, Shaheen was elected to the United States Senate. Since 2011, she has been the senior senator from New Hampshire.

Shaheen was born in Saint Charles, Missouri.

Antony Kidman

Antony David "Tony" Kidman (10 December 1938 – 12 September 2014) was an Australian psychologist, biochemist and writer. He was a faculty member of the University of Technology, Sydney for more than 43 years until his death. At the time of his death, he was also the Director of Health Psychology Unit.

Kidman was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He was of Scottish ancestry. He married Janelle in 1964. They had two daughters: Academy Award-winning actress Nicole Kidman (born 1967) and journalist and television presenter Antonia Kidman (born 1970). In 2005, he was made a Member of the Order of Australia.

Kidman died from a heart attack on 12 September 2014 in Singapore, aged 75.

Francisco Feliciano

Francisco Feliciano (19 February 1941 – 19 September 2014) was a Filipino composer and conductor. He was a National Artist of the Philippines for Music. Feliciano was born in 1941, in Morong, Rizal. In 2014, Feliciano was named one of six National Artists of America, together with five other persons.

Feliciano died in Manila, Philippines from unknown causes, aged 73.

Ghostbusters (song)

"Ghostbusters" is a 1984 song recorded by Ray Parker, Jr. as the theme to the movie of the same name starring Bill Murray, Harold Ramis and Dan Aykroyd. 

The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on August 11, 1984. It stayed there for three weeks. It was at number two on the UK Singles Chart on September 16, 1984. It stayed there for three weeks. The song re-entered the UK Top 75 on November 2, 2008, at No. 49.

It was nominated at the Academy Award for Best Music, Original Song, but lost to Stevie Wonder's "I Just Called to Say I Love You".

Iain MacCormick

Iain Somerled MacDonald MacCormick (28 September 1939 – 19 September 2014) was a Scottish politician. He was a member of the Scottish National Party (SNP). He was MP for Argyllshire from 28 February 1974 until 7 April 1979. He was also a member of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) from 1981 until 1988.

MacCormick was educated in Glasgow. He also worked as a high school teacher in his town.

MacCormick died on 19 September 2014 in Oban, Argyll and Bute, aged 74. The day before he voted in the Scottish independence referendum.


Rootkit

A rootkit is a computer virus which allows someone to take control on your computer. It is very dangerous. 

It is a stealthy type of software, typically malicious, designed to hide the existence of certain processes or programs from normal methods of detection. It allows continued secret access to a computer.

Rootkits can be a single piece of code or multiple tools working together to affect the targets computer.

Groundhog Day (movie)

Groundhog Day is a 1993 American fantasy comedy movie. It was directed and co-written by Harold Ramis. It stars Bill Murray, Andie MacDowell, Chris Elliott, Brian Doyle-Murray, Stephen Tobolowsky, Angela Paton and Michael Shannon with David Pasquesi. It was also co-written by Danny Rubin. The movie is about a weatherman in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania who finds himself in a time loop after covering Groundhog Day. He begins to re-think his life after hedonism and suicide attempts.

The movie was released on February 12, 1993 and got good reviews. It made $70,906,973 at the box office.


Bladderwort

Bladderworts plant are Utricularia, a genus of carnivorous plants. 
There are about 230 species. They occur in fresh water and wet soil as terrestrial or aquatic species. They live in every continent except Antarctica. Bladderworts are cultivated for their flowers, which are rather like those of snapdragons and orchids.

All "Utricularia" are carnivorous and capture small organisms by means of bladder-like traps. Terrestrial species tend to have tiny traps that feed on minute prey such as protozoa and rotifers swimming in water-saturated soil.

The traps range in size from 0.2 mm to 1.2 cm. Aquatic species, such as "U. vulgaris" (common bladderwort), have bladders that are usually larger and can feed on water fleas "(Daphnia)", nematodes, even tiny fish, mosquito larvae and young tadpoles.

Despite their small size, the traps are extremely sophisticated. In aquatic species, prey brush against trigger hairs connected to the trapdoor. The bladder, when "set", is under negative pressure: when the trapdoor is triggered, the prey, with the water around it, is sucked into the bladder. Once the bladder is full of water, the door closes again. The whole process takes only ten to fifteen thousandths of a second.

Bladderworts are unusual and highly specialized plants. The bladder traps are recognized as one of the most sophisticated structures in the plant kingdom.

Harold &amp; Kumar

Harold & Kumar is an American series of stoner comedy movies. There are three movies in total. The movies star John Cho (Harold Lee), Kal Penn (Kumar Patel) and Neil Patrick Harris (himself). The first movie, "Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle", was released on July 30, 2004. The second movie, "Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay", was released on April 25, 2008. The third and final movie, "A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas", was released on November 4, 2011. The reviews of each movie has been mixed, but they have all done well at the box office.


Harold &amp; Kumar Go to White Castle

Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle (also known as Harold & Kumar Get the Munchies) is a 2004 American stoner comedy movie. It is the first movie in the "Harold & Kumar" series. It is directed by Danny Leiner. It stars John Cho, Kal Penn, Neil Patrick Harris, Fred Willard, Bobby Lee, Christopher Meloni, Ryan Reynolds and Malin Åkerman. It is written by Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg. The movie was released on July 30, 2004 by Warner Bros. It received mixed reviews, but did well at the box office. The movie's sequel, "Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay", was released on April 25, 2008 by Warner Bros.

The movie is about two friends, Harold and Kumar, as they go to the fast food restaurant White Castle after smoking cannabis, but end up on a series of misadventures when they cannot find the restaurant.


Harold &amp; Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay

Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay is a 2008 American stoner comedy movie. It is the second movie in the "Harold & Kumar" series. It stars John Cho, Kal Penn, Paula Garcés, Neil Patrick Harris, Jon Reep, Rob Corddry and Ed Helms. It is directed/produced/written by Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg. The movie was released on April 25, 2008 by Warner Bros. It received mixed reviews, but did well at the box office.

The movie follows the event after "Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle" with Harold and Kumar flying to Amsterdam in the Netherlands. They are then imprisoned and end up on a series of misadventures when they escape from Guantanamo Bay.


Secret ballot

A secret ballot is a type of vote where the voter's choices are anonymous. This is to make bribery or intimidation of voters more difficult. Secret ballots are good for many different voting systems. The most basic form may be blank pieces of paper. The voter writes only his or her choice, then places it into a sealed box. The box is emptied later for counting.

The French Constitution of 1795 states that "All elections are to be held by secret ballot". Britain followed later. The secret ballot was first used in Britain on 15 August 1872 in a by-election. The original ballot box, sealed in wax with a liquorice stamp, is kept at Pontefract museum.

Rob Bironas

James Robert Douglas "Rob" Bironas (January 29, 1978 – September 20, 2014) was an American Football placekicker. He played college football for the Georgia Southern University Eagles. He played 144 games in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Tennessee Titans. During his NFL career, he was named to the All-Pro team and was selected to play in the Pro Bowl in 2007. He has also played for the Charleston Swamp Foxes, Carolina Cobras, and New York Dragons of the Arena Football League (AFL). Bironas was released by the Titans on March 19, 2014.

On September 20, 2014, Bironas was involved in a car crash when he lost control of his SUV and swerved off of the road, hitting several trees and turning his vehicle upside down. He was taken to Vanderbilt University Medical Center, but was pronounced dead.


Grammar school

A grammar school is one of several different types of school in the United Kingdom and some other English-speaking countries. 

The term has been used for several centuries. Originally, they were schools teaching Latin. More recently, they are academically-oriented secondary schools. 

In the late Victorian era grammar schools were reorganised for secondary education throughout England and Wales. Scotland had developed a different system. Grammar schools were also established in British territories overseas, where they have evolved in different ways.

They were described as "the selective tier of state-funded secondary education in England and Wales". 
Grammar schools became "selective" in the mid-20th century, after World War II. This means they selected applicants whom they thought would get the most out of that kind of education. The selection was done by means of an 11+ test which included an IQ test. This was designed so that it was more based on native ability, rather than taught learning. 

Labour governments in the 1960s and 70s made efforts to replace grammar schools with comprehensive schools. Comprehensive schools were open to children of all abilities, similar to high schools in the United States.

As a result, in the 1960s and 1970s some grammar schools became fully independent and charged fees. Many others were abolished or became comprehensive. In both cases, many of these schools kept "grammar school" in their names. There are still 164 state-run grammar schools in existence.

Valeria Golino

Valeria Golino (born 22 October 1965) is an Italian director and actress. She played Susanna in "Rain Man". She played Ramada in "Hot Shots!".

Golino was born in Naples, Italy. She was raised in Sorrento and Athens.

Paradise (movie)

Paradise is a 1991 drama movie. It is about a young couple torn apart by family tragedy. Don Johnson plays Ben Reed. Melanie Griffith plays Lily Reed. Elijah Wood plays Willard. Thora Birch plays Billie.

This movie was released on October 4, 1991.

George Radwanski

George Radwanski (February 28, 1947 – September 18, 2014) was a Canadian public servant, policy adviser, journalist and author. In his journalism career, Radwanski won two National Newspaper Awards for editorial writing. 

In 1971, he published "No Mandate But Terror" with Kendal Windeyer, an account of the October Crisis. In 1978, he published "Trudeau," a best-selling political biography of then-Prime Minister Pierre Elliot Trudeau.

Radwanski died of a heart attack on September 18, 2014 in Montreal, Quebec, aged 67.

Sacrifice (2010)

Sacrifice (2010) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on May 16, 2010 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the sixth Sacrifice event that TNA held.

There were nine matches on the card. The main event saw Rob Van Dam defeat A.J. Styles to retain the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. 


Vince Callahan

Vincent Francis "Vince" Callahan Jr. (October 30, 1931 – September 20, 2014) was an American politician. He served for 40 years as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates.

From January 1968 to January 2008, he represented the 34th district in the Virginia House of Delegates. At the time of his retirement, he was the longest-serving Republican in the Virginia General Assembly.

On September 20, 2014, Callahan died of West Nile virus at the age of 82.


James C. Marsters

James Carlyle Marsters (April 5, 1924 – July 28, 2009) was a deaf American orthodontist. In 1964, he helped invent the first teletypewriter device that could be used with telephone lines. The device let deaf people communicate by telephone. Although Robert Weitbrecht did much of the actual design work, Marsters promoted the device's use.

Marsters was born in Norwich, New York.

Marsters died in Pasadena, California from heart disease and West Nile virus, aged 85.

Linda Griffiths

Linda Pauline Griffiths (7 October 1953 – 21 September 2014) was a Canadian actress and playwright. She was known for her roles in "Lianna", "Overdawn at the Memory Bank", "The Execution of Raymond Graham", "Sword of Gideon", "A Town Torn Apart", and in "Boys Briefs 2".

Griffiths died in Toronto, Ontario, Canada from breast cancer, aged 60.


I Wanna Be Down

"I Wanna be Down" is a 1994 major hit song by Brandy Norwood. The single is about her flirting with a boy, whom she tries to show that she is sexy. The song was released in September 1994.

The song hit #6 on "Billboard" Hot 100. It also hit #1 on "Billboard" Hot R&B Singles Chart for four weeks.

Best Friend (song)

"Best Friend" is a 1995 song by Brandy Norwood. The song was released in June 1995.

The song peaked at #7 on the Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs Chart. It peaked at #34 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song was used on Norwood's show "Moesha".

The S.O.S. Band

The S.O.S. Band (sometimes written SOS Band; abbreviation for Sounds Of Success) is an American R&B and electro-funk group who gained fame in the 1980s. They are best known for the songs "Take Your Time (Do It Right)," "Just Be Good to Me," "Tell Me If You Still Care," and "The Finest."

The band was founded in Atlanta, Georgia in 1977. The original group members included Willie "Sonny" Killebrew (saxophone), Billy Ellis (flute), Jason "T.C." Bryant (keyboards), Bruno Speight (guitar), John Simpson (bass), James Earl Jones III (drums), and Mary Davis (lead vocals, keyboards). It was originally known as Santa Monica, but later changed its name to The S.O.S. Band- an acronym for Sounds of Success. After listening to its demo and being impressed with their sound, Tabu Records founder Clarence Avant signed the group to its first recording contract.

In 1980, the group released its first hit single, "Take Your Time (Do It Right)", which was certified platinum and sold over 2 million copies. Its debut album, "S.O.S.", went gold and sold over 800,000 copies. Trumpeter, vocalist, and percussionist Abdul Ra'oof joined the band while it was on a world tour.

In 1983, the band joined forces with then-new production team of Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, who went on to craft a string of R&B hits for the group, which included "Just Be Good to Me," "High Hopes," "Tell Me If You Still Care," "Borrowed Love," "No One's Gonna Love You," "Just the Way You Like It," and "The Finest."

Lead vocalist Mary Davis left the group in 1987 to pursue a solo career, and was replaced by Chandra Currelley beginning with the band's 1989 "Diamonds in the Raw" album. They recorded another album with Currelley - 1991's "One of Many Nights", which featured a few songs with a guest appearance from a then-unknown Kurupt.

More recently, Currelley has been active as an actress and vocalist in Tyler Perry plays and movies. When Davis’s solo career was not as successful as she hoped, she reunited with the band in 1994. Since then, Davis spilt from the remaining members of The S.O.S. Band, with Davis and Speight both touring using the band's name with their versions of the current lineup.

In 2013, The S.O.S. Band's entire Tabu Records catalog was reissued, as Tabu licensed their brand and trademark to British-based record label Demon Music Group.

"All albums and singles listed below were issued on Tabu Records."

George Sluizer

George Sluizer (25 June 1932 – 20 September 2014) was a Dutch movie director. His best known movies were "Utz" (1992), "The Vanishing" (1993) and "Dark Blood" (2012). He also made documentary movies.

Sluizer was born in Paris, France. His parents were Dutch and Norwegian. He claimed to see Israeli politician Ariel Sharon kill two Palestinian children in Lebanon sometime in 1982, which was not reported on until 2010.

Sluizer died from cardiovascular disease on 20 September 2014 in Amsterdam, North Holland, aged 82. He had been in ill-health since 2007.


Eric Lynch

Eric Shaun Lynch (March 11, 1975 – September 20, 2014), also known as Eric the Midget or Eric the Actor, was an American actor and radio personality. He was a member of "The Howard Stern Show's" Wack Pack from 2002 until his death. He also appeared in television series such as "In Plain Sight", "Fringe", "Legit" and "American Dreams".

Lynch was born in Rodeo, California. He was tall, which would make him a dwarf, and weighed . He also used a motorized wheelchair. He claimed to have outlived every doctor's lifespan that was given to him.

Lynch died from multiple organ failure on September 20, 2014 at a hospital in Sacramento, California. He was 39.


Death and state funeral of Leonid Brezhnev

On 10 November 1982, Leonid Ilyich Brezhnev, the third General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) and the fifth leader of the Soviet Union, died aged 75 after suffering a heart attack.
His death was officially announced on 11 November by Soviet radio and television programs. After five days of national mourning, Brezhnev was given a state funeral and then buried in the Kremlin Wall Necropolis. Yuri Andropov, Brezhnev's successor as general secretary, was elected chairman of the committee preparing and managing Brezhnev's funeral. Brezhnev's funeral was on 15 November.

The funeral was attended by 32 heads of state, 15 heads of government, 14 foreign ministers and four princes; US President Ronald Reagan sent George H. W. Bush, the Vice President of the United States. Eulogies were delivered by Yuri Andropov, Dmitriy Ustinov, Anatoly Alexandrov and a factory worker.

Death and state funeral of Pierre Trudeau

The death and state funeral of Pierre Trudeau took place in September 2000. Pierre Trudeau was the 15th Prime Minister of Canada, serving from 1968 to 1984, with a brief interruption in 1979–1980. 

Trudeau died on September 28, 2000. His coffin lay in state on Parliament Hill from September 30 to October 1 and the following day at Montréal City Hall. On October 3, a state funeral was held at Notre-Dame Basilica in Montreal.

The official state funeral was held at Montreal's Notre-Dame Basilica on October 3, 2000.

The day began at City Hall. Trudeau's family spent some moments alone with his casket before it was removed and driven to the Basilica, accompanied by ten RCMP officers marching alongside. Along the route, some clapped, while others wept, waved Canadian flags or simply stood silently as Trudeau made his final journey through his native Montreal.


Lying in state

Lying in state is the tradition in which a coffin is placed on view to allow the public at large to pay their respects to the dead. It traditionally takes place in the principal government building of a country or city. 

It is usually practiced in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, France, North Korea, South Africa, and Russia. Lying in state takes place during a state funeral.


Gale Page

Sally Perkins Rutter (also Gale Page; July 29, 1910 – January 8, 1983) was an American actress. She appeared in only sixteen movies during her career. She played Madge in "You Can't Get Away with Murder". She also played Katie in "Anna Lucasta".

She was born in Spokane, Washington. She died from lung cancer in Santa Monica, California at age 69.

Lying in repose

Lying in repose or public viewing (AE) is a tradition when someone dies, often of high social stature, whose body is available for public viewing. Lying in repose is different from the more formal honor of lying in state, because they are not involved with the government. Lying in repose are often for athletes, actors, cardinals, popes, senators, and civil servants.


Maria Kaczyńska

Maria Helena Kaczyńska (; née Mackiewicz; 21 August 1942 – 10 April 2010) was the First Lady of Poland from 2005 through 2010. She was the wife of President Lech Kaczyński.

On 10 April 2010, 10:41 MSD (06:41 UTC), Maria Kaczyńska, and her husband, Polish President Lech Kaczyński, died when the Polish Air Force Tupolev Tu-154M they were aboard crashed while attempting to land at Smolensk-North Airport in the Russian city of Smolensk. All 89 passengers on board and the 7 crew members were killed.


Closed system

A closed system is a thermodynamic system without exchange of matter but exchange of heat.

Jeremy Ball

Jeremy Ball (1968 – 15 September 2014) was an Australian politician, actor and activist. He was the Deputy Mayor of Launceston, Tasmania from 2011 until his death. He also had an acting career from 1995 until 2000. He was best known for appearing as Warren Harvey in the ABC series "Fallen Angels" and as a businessman in the movie "The Matrix" (1999).

Ball was born in Launceston. He spoke his native English, as well as French and Japanese. He was married to Karina. The couple had two sons, Griffin and Jasper.

Ball died in a car accident on 15 September 2014 on the Bass Highway near Carrick, Tasmania. He was 45.

Earl Ross

Earl Ross (September 4, 1941 – September 18, 2014) was a Canadian race car driver. He competed in the NASCAR Winston Cup Series from 1973 until 1976. He won the 15th Daytona 500 race in 1974. The same year, he became the NASCAR Rookie of the Year. He drove the Carling Red Cap #52.

Ross was born in Fortune, Prince Edward Island. He was raised in Ailsa Craig, Ontario.

Ross died on September 18, 2014 in North Middlesex, Ontario, aged 73.


Elsa-Marianne von Rosen

Elsa-Marianne von Rosen (21 April 1924 – 7 September 2014) was a Swedish ballet dancer, choreographer and actress. She peformed all over Scandinavia. She acted between 1939 and 1970. She appeared in the television series "Tales of Hans Anderson". In 1984, she was given the Royal Medal of Merit Litteris et artibus. She also directed ballet plays outside of Scandinavia, in Monaco, the United States, the United Kingdom and Russia.

Von Rosen was born in Stockholm. She was the daughter of the artist Count Reinhold von Rosen and his first wife Elisabeth Österyd. In 1950, she married editor Allan Fridericia (1921–1991). They soon after moved to Denmark.

Von Rosen died from natural causes on 7 September 2014 in Copenhagen. She was 90.


Helepolis

Helepolis (, English: "Taker of Cities") was an ancient siege engine. It was used in the unsuccessful siege of Rhodes in 305 BC. It is based on an earlier, smaller design used against Salamis in 306 BC. The name was taken from the Greek ""ελείν πόλεις"", meaning destroyer of "cities". Vitruvius, Plutarch, and in the Athenaeus Mechanicus. It was the largest and most powerful siege tower ever built.

Copper wire and cable

A copper wire is a single electrical conductor made of copper. It can be insulated or uninsulated. A copper cable is a group of two or more copper wires bundled together in a single sheath or jacket. Copper wire and cable is used in power generation, power transmission, power distribution, telecommunications, electronics circuitry, and countless types of electrical equipment. It has been useful ever since telegraphs and electromagnets were invented.

Copper is the most widely used conductor in many kinds of electrical wiring. Copper has the lowest resistance to the flow of electricity of all non-precious metals. Electrical wiring in buildings is the most important market for the copper industry. About half of all copper mined is used to make electrical wire and cable conductors.


Triphyophyllum

Triphyophyllum is a carnivorous plant genus with only one species Triphyophyllum peltatum. It is native to tropical western Africa, in Sierra Leone and Liberia, growing in tropical rainforests. 

It is a liana, with a three-stage lifecycle, each with a different shaped leaf, as indicated by its Greek name. In the first stage, "T. peltatum" has simple lance-like leaves, and looks nondescript. It then develops long, glandular leaves, like those of the related "Drosophyllum". These sticky leaves capture insects. The plant then enters its adult liana form, with short non-carnivorous leaves on a long twining stem. 

"T. peltatum" is cultivated in only three botanical gardens: Abidjan, Bonn, and Würzburg. It is extremely rare in private collections.

Earl Hindman

Earl John Hindman (October 20, 1942 – December 29, 2003) was an American actor. He is known for his role as the neighbor (whose whole face was always hidden from television viewers) Wilson W. Wilson Jr. in the television sitcom "Home Improvement" (1991–1999), starring Tim Allen. He also appeared in the television movie "" (1987).

Hindman was born in Bisbee, Arizona. He married actress Molly McGreevey in 1976.

Hindman died from lung cancer on December 29, 2003, in Stamford, Connecticut. He was 61.


Autophila rosea

Autophila rosea is a moth of the Erebidae family. Staudinger used the scientific name in 1888.


Autophila maura

Autophila maura is a moth of the Erebidae family. Staudinger used the scientific name in 1888.


Autophila dilucida

Autophila dilucida is a moth of the Erebidae family. Hubner used the scientific name in 1808.


Caradrina agrotina

Caradrina agrotina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. 


Caradrina draudti

Caradrina draudti is a moth of the Noctuidae family. Boursin used the scientific name in 1936.


Cymothoa exigua

Cymothoa exigua, or the tongue-eating louse, is a crustacean, a parasitic isopod. 

This parasite enters fish through the gills, and then attaches itself. The female attaches to the fish's tongue, and the male attaches on the gill arches beneath and behind the female. The female parasite destroys the fish's tongue. Then it attaches itself to the stub of what was once the tongue and becomes the fish's new tongue.

"Cymothoa exigua" gets blood through the claws on its front, causing the tongue to atrophy (wither) from lack of blood. The parasite then replaces the fish's tongue by attaching its own body to the muscles of the tongue stub. 

The fish is able to use the parasite just like a normal tongue. It appears that the parasite does not cause any other damage to the host fish. Once "C. exigua" replaces the tongue, some feed on the host's blood and many others feed on fish mucus. This is the only known case of a parasite replacing the function of a host organ. There are many species of "Cymothoa", but only "C. exigua" is known to consume and replace its host's tongue.

Milton Cardona

Milton Cardona (November 21, 1945 – September 19, 2014) was a Puerto Rican jazz and salsa percussionist, vocalist and conga player. He had over five hundred recordings, and made seven albums between 1985 and 2007. He worked on the soundtrack of the movie "El Cantante" (2007). He worked with musicians such as Spike Lee, Paul Simon, David Byrne, Celia Cruz, and the rock band Cream.

Cardona was born in Mayagüez. He was married to Bruni.

Cardona died from heart failure on September 19, 2014. He was 69.


Jean-Pierre Dumont

Jean-Pierre "J. P." Dumont (born April 1, 1978) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. Dumont played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Blackhawks, Buffalo Sabres, and Nashville Predators. He also played for SC Bern of the National League A (NLA).

Before playing in the NHL, Dumont played 4 seasons with the Val-d'Or Foreurs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). He was drafted with the 3rd overall pick by the New York Islanders in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. Dumont had a contract dispute with the Islanders and they traded him and a 5th round draft pick to the Chicago Blackhawks for Dmitri Nabokov in 1998.

Dumont played 72 games over two seasons with the Blackhawks and in March 2000, he was traded along with Doug Gilmour and a draft pick to the Buffalo Sabres for Michal Grosek. Dumont played 5 seasons with the Sabres and was named their captain in January 2004.

After the Sabres rejected Dumont's $2.9-million arbitration award, he signed a two-year, $4.5-million contract with the Nashville Predators on August 29, 2006. On June 30, 2011, the Predators bought out Dumont's contract and he became an unrestricted free agent for July 1. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2013. Since retiring, Dumont is currently a member of tag HC Nashville which is based in Nashville, Tennessee.

Joanne Whalley

Joanne Whalley (born 25 August 1961) is an English actress. She played Christine Keeler in the movie "Scandal". She also played Colleen in "Mother's Boys"

She was born in Salford, Lancashire, England.

Montek Singh Ahluwalia

Montek Singh Ahluwalia (born 24 November 1943) is an Indian economist and civil servant. He was the Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of the Republic of India. The position has the rank of a Cabinet Minister. He resigned from the post in 2014. This was before the end of the UPA II regime in the center. Before this, he was the first Director of the Independent Evaluation Office at the International Monetary Fund.

Supercross

Supercross is a motor sport. People in it drive motorcycles very fast and try to beat their opponents on stunt bikes.

Georges Danton

Georges Jacques Danton (26 October 1759 – 5 April 1794) was a politician during the French Revolution.He was a member of the city council of Paris, minister of justice and head of the Provisional Executive Council, member of the Convention, member of the National Assembly, and he was the first president of the committee of public safety. The Reign of Terror lasted from 1793 to 1794. During the Reign of Terror, Danton changed his mind: He said that continuing the Reign of Terror was a bad idea, but other people disagreed. Danton was charged with treason and executed on the guillotine.

Belle Starr

Myra Maybelle Shirley Reed Starr (February 5, 1848 – February 3, 1889, known as Belle Starr) was an American outlaw. She knew Jesse James, the Younger brothers, and other criminals and outlaws. She was convicted of stealing horses in 1883. She was sent to prison. In 1889, she was ambushed in Oklahoma. She died of shotgun wounds. No one knows who killed her.

Belle Starr was born as Myra Maybelle Shirley on her father's farm near Carthage, Missouri. Her family called her May. Her father was John Shirley. Her mother was Eliza Pennington. . 

In the 1860s, Starr's father sold the farm. He moved his family to Carthage. There he bought an inn and livery stable on the town square. May Shirley received a classical education. She also learned to play the piano. She graduated from Missouri's Carthage Female Academy.

The Union army attacked Carthage in 1864. The Shirleys moved to Scyene, Texas. Legend says that the Shirleys knew a number of Missouri-born criminals, including Jesse James and the Youngers. Starr knew the Younger brothers and the James boys because she had grown up with them in Missouri. People thought that Starr's brother Bud was in favor of the Confederate States of America. He was killed in 1864 by Union troops.

Starr married Jim Reed in 1866. In 1868, their first child was born. Starr was good at using guns. She used to ride sidesaddle to her criminal activities wearing a black velvet riding habit and a feathered hat. She carried two pistols. Cartridge belts were strapped across her hips. Jim Reed started committing crimes. He was wanted for murder in Arkansas. The family moved to California. Starr gave birth to their second child, James Edwin (Eddie), in 1871.

Jim Reed returned to Texas. He was involved with several criminal gangs. He tried farming. He became restless. He was friendly with the Starr clan. This clan was a Cherokee Indian family. They were well known for whiskey, cattle, and horse thievery in the Indian Territory (now Oklahoma). Jim also was involved with his wife's old friends, the James and Younger gangs. 

In April 1874, an arrest warrant was issued for Starr. People said she was involved in a stagecoach robbery. The robbery had been done by her husband and others. There was no proof she was involved in this robbery. Reed was killed in August of that year in Paris, Texas. He had settled there with his family.

Starr may have been briefly married to Charles Younger in 1878. There is no proof that they were married. In 1880, she married a Cherokee man named Sam Starr. She settled with him in the Indian Territory. There, she learned ways to help the cattle thieves, horse thieves and other criminals. She also hid them from the law. Starr's illegal activities made money. She used this money to free other outlaws from jail.

In 1883, Starr and Sam were charged with horse theft. They were tried in Fort Smith, Arkansas. She was found guilty. She spent nine months at the Detroit House of Corrections in Detroit, Michigan.

In 1886, she was again charged with theft. This time she was not convicted. On December 17, Sam Starr was involved in a gunfight with Officer Frank West. Both men were killed. After this, Starr stopped being an outlaw.

During the last years of her life, Starr had relationships with several men. These men had colorful names like Jack Spaniard, Jim French, and Blue Duck. She married a relative of Sam Starr named Jim July Starr. He was about 15 years younger than Starr.

On February 3, 1889, Starr was killed in Oklahoma. She was ambushed. She died from shotgun wounds to her back, neck, shoulder, and face. Legend says she was shot with her own double barrel shotgun.

There were no witnesses. No one was ever convicted of the murder. Some say the murderer was one of her sharecroppers. He was afraid she was going to turn him in to the police. He was an escaped murderer from Florida. He was tried for Starr's murder. He was found not guilty. The murder of Belle Starr remains unsolved.

Starr's story interested publisher Richard K. Fox. Her story was printed in dime novels and the "National Police Gazette". Fox made her name famous with his novel, "Bella Starr, the Bandit Queen, or the Female Jesse James". This book was published in 1889. This novel is sometimes cited as a historical reference. It was the first of many popular stories that used her name.

Royal Alcazar of Madrid

The Royal Alcazar of Madrid ("Real Alcázar de Madrid") was a former royal residence. It was originally built as a fortress by Muslims between 850 and 856 AD. It was in the center of Madrid and served as the center of the Spanish royal court. This was up to the construction of the Royal Palace of Madrid by the Bourbons in the 1700's. the great building kept its original title of "Alcázar" (English: "fortress").

The first extension to the building was completed in 1537 and was commissioned by King Charles I. Its exterior was constructed by the architect "Juan Gómez de Mora" in 1636, commissioned by King Philip IV.

It was famous for its many paintings and for its unusual architecture. It was the residence of the Spanish Royal Family and home of the Court until it was destroyed by fire in 1734. Many artistic treasures were lost. This included over 500 paintings, although 1,038 artworks were saved from the fire. One of these was "Las Meninas" by Velázquez. It was damaged, but later restored by Juan García de Miranda.


skrtttt the boi 100 is lit my boi

Taxali Gate

The Taxali Gate is one of the 12 gates of the old medieval walled city of Lahore, now in Pakistan. It dates from Mughal times.

The Royal Mint (where coins were made) of the Mughal Empire or "Taxal", was here. The gate was named for that.

Today, there is no mint here. There is a very famous shoe market, Sheikhupurian Bazaar. People can go there and try "Desi" (local) foods like "Siri Paya" and many types of sweets.

The world-famous Heera Mandi red light area is also in this area. This was made famous in Rudyard Kipling's novel, "Kim" (published 1901).

Gregor Blanco

Gregor Miguel Blanco Pedraza (born December 24, 1983) is a Venezuelan professional baseball player. He is an outfielder for the Arizona Diamondbacks.

Gregor Blanco was the center fielder and leadoff hitter for Tiburones de La Guaira in Venezuela. He hit .315 (178 AB) in the 2006–07 season. In the 2007-2008 season, he hit .345 (229 AB). In the 2008-2009 season, he hit .349. He eventually was sent to the majors because of Jordan Schafer's struggles.

Heera Mandi

The Heera Mandi (Diamond Market), also called Shahi Mohallah (Royal Neighborhood) as well as chudhai center , is a famous red-light district of the old Taxali Gate of Lahore, Pakistan. A red-light district is an area where prostitutes work.

The Heera Mandi was first called the 'Shahi Mohallah' or Royal Neighborhood in the 17th century. It was called that because many princes and nobles of the Mughal dynasty used to come there. At that time there were only "Tawaifs" (dancing girls) and courtesans there. They were there to amuse the people. Later, some women from other parts of Indian Subcontinent were also brought to perform classical Indian dances such as Kathak to entertain Mughals. During the rule of the Sikh king Ranjit Singh, prostitution [chudhai] also was common. Many brothels were opened there. Ranjit Singh renamed this place 'Heera Mandi'. It was named for an officer, Heera Singh, who lived there. Some historians think that he named it for the beautiful girls (prostitutes) who lived there. They were like precious diamonds.

When the British Raj came to power in this region, Christian missionaries asked for the Heera Mandi to be moved away. They thought the activities there were 'sinful'. The British government tried to move it, but they were forced to move it back because people did not like this idea. Later, after the 1870s, the British also added some special brothels there for British soldiers. This area was made famous in Rudyard Kipling's novel Kim (printed in 1901).

After Pakistan became independent in 1947, the Heera Mandi went on as before. Later, under the harsh Islamic puritanical rule of the military dictator General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq, a big operation was started to 'clean' the area from prostitution and crime. Many brothels were moved or closed by force. However, once again, people did not like this move. Many of the brothels and other businesses were re-opened.

Even though prostitution is supposed to be illegal in Pakistan, the Mandi still exists. It is also famous for some very good food shops nearby, where many people including foreign tourists come to just eat and watch the shows.

Reema

Reema Khan (born 1972) also known by her screen name Reema, is a Pakistani 
Lollywood movie actress, director and producer. She has appeared in more than 200 movies since making her debut in 1990.

Reema Khan was born in 1972, in the Heera Mandi area of Lahore, Pakistan. She was first spotted in 1990 by the Pakistani movie director Javed Fazil and was offered the leading role in his movie "Bulandi". She became popular at once and went on getting success.

Khan's early movies included 'Zherilay', 'Ishq', 'Naag Devta', 'Pyar hi pyar', 'Sailab', 'Dil', 'Aag', 'Shama' and 'Sahiba'. These were followed by movies such as 'Hina', 'Anjuman', 'Chakuri', 'Chandni', 'Neelam' and 'Insaniat'. Later she appeared in 'Hathi Meray Sathi' directed by Shameem Ara and in 'Rani Beti Raj Karegi' directed by Altaf Hussain. In 2002, Asif Ali Pota's 'Fire' and Samina Peerzada's 'Shararat' were released starring Reema in the lead role. She later also started making some movies as a producer and part-time director.

Reema married American cardiologist and surgeon Syed Tariq Shahab on 16 November 2011 in Virginia, United States. After her marriage, she produced and directed the movie 'Love mein Ghum', released on 31 August 2011. This was a very big commercial and critical success in Pakistan, making over 320 million rupees profit. Reema is mostly living in the USA now and planning new movie projects.

Lucasfilm Animation

Lucasfilm Animation is an American television and movie animation company. It is the animation division of Lucasfilm Ltd.. It is known for the "" television series. The division became part of Disney Television Animation company after Disney bought Lucasfilm for $4,000,000,000. Their logo included R2-D2. Lucasfilm Singapore moved into a new building at the beginning of 2014.


Asma Jahangir

Asma Jilani Jahangir (27 January 1952 – 11 February 2018) was a leading Pakistani lawyer. Born in Lahore, she was an advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan, President Supreme Court Bar Association of Pakistan and a human rights activist who works both in Pakistan and internationally to prevent the persecution of religious minorities, women, and exploitation of children. 

She won several international awards for her activism including Right Livelihood Award and the Four Freedoms Award in 2010 for promoting Religious Freedom. 

Jahangir suffered from brain haemorrhage while going into cardiac arrest in Lahore on 11 February 2018 and died when was taken to the hospital at the age of 66.

Peter von Bagh

Kari Peter Conrad von Bagh (29 August 1943 – 17 September 2014) was a Finnish movie historian, writer and director. He worked as the head of the Finnish Film Archive and directed many movie festivals. He was the editor-in-chief of "Filmihullu" magazine. 

From 2001 until his death, he had been the artistic director of the Il Cinema Ritrovato in Bologna, Italy. In 2004, he was a member of the jury in the competition category of the Cannes Film Festival.

Von Bagh was born in Helsinki. He graduated from the University of Helsinki. in 1970. He also was a professor at many other universities across Finland, teaching movie history.

Von Bagh died after a long illness on 17 September 2014 in Helsinki. He was 71.


Carolyn S. Shoemaker

Carolyn Jean Spellmann Shoemaker (June 24, 1929 – August 13, 2021) was an American astronomer. She was a co-discoverer of Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9. She held the record for most comets discovered by a single person. 

Shoemaker was born Carolyn Jean Spellmann in Gallup, New Mexico, United States. She was the widow of Eugene Shoemaker, a planetary scientist. They were married from 1951 until his death in 1997.

Shoemaker died on August 13, 2021 in Flagstaff, Arizona at the age of 92. The cause of death was health problems caused by a fall.

Shoemaker started her astronomical career in 1980, searching for Earth-crossing asteroids and comets at the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, California, and the Palomar Observatory, San Diego, California.

As of 2002, Shoemaker had discovered 32 comets and over 300 asteroids (counting the as-yet unnumbered ones).


Audrey Long

Audrey Charteris (née Long; April 22, 1922 – September 19, 2014) was an American actress. She appeared in 33 low-budget movies and television shows in the 1940s and early 1950s. Her best known roles were in "Yankee Doodle Dandy" (1942), "Tall in the Saddle" (1944), "Wanderer of the Wasteland" (1945), "Born to Kill" (1947), and "Desperate" (1947).

Long was born in Orlando, Florida. Her father was an Episcopal minister and English immigrant. During her childhood, she and her family moved to Canada as well as Honolulu, Hawaii, and San Francisco, California. She was educated in both California and Virginia. She was first married to Edward Rubin from 1945 until their divorce in 1951. She was later married to British writer Leslie Charteris from 1952 until his death in 1993.

Long died in Virginia Water, Surrey, after a long illness on September 19, 2014, aged 92.

The January Man

The January Man is a 1989 comedy-thriller movie. It is about a former New York City police detective lured back into his job when a serial killer terrorizes the city. Susan Sarandon plays Christine. Harvey Keitel plays Frank. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio plays Bernadette. Danny Aiello plays Vincent. Kevin Kline plays Nick.

The movie received negative review from critics. 

Flor Van Noppen

Florentinus Ludovicus Leopoldus Eduard ("Flor") Van Noppen (28 June 1956 – 22 September 2014) was a Belgian politician. He was a member of the N-VA. Van Noppen was the brother of veterinarian Karel Van Noppen, who was murdered by the hormone mafia. 

Van Noppen was elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2007 and reelected in 2010. He also served as city councilor (2001-2014) and alderman (2007-2013) of Dessel. Van Noppen, who suffered from Multiple system atrophy, retired from politics after the 2014 elections upon completing his term. 

Van Noppen died on 22 September 2014 from the disease, aged 58.

Rackstraw Downes

Rackstraw Downes (born 1939) is a British-born American realist painter and author. His oil paintings are known for their details about the months of plein-air sessions. His drawings usually show industry and the environment background. Downs lives in Midland, Texas, but was originally from Maine and Connecticut.

Downs was born Rodney Harry Rackstraw Downes in Pembury, Kent, England.

Johnny Handsome

Johnny Handsome is a 1989 crime-drama movie. Ellen Barkin plays Sunny. Mickey Rourke plays the title character. Elizabeth McGovern plays Donna. Morgan Freeman plays A.Z. Drones. Forest Whitaker plays Steven Fisher.

The movie was not a success at the box office. It was released on DVD in 2002 and Blu-ray in 2010.

Eugene Merle Shoemaker

Eugene Merle Shoemaker (April 28, 1928 – July 18, 1997), also known as Gene Shoemaker, was an American geologist. He was one of the founders of the field of planetary science. He was best known for co-discovering the Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9 with his wife Carolyn Shoemaker and David Levy.

Shoemaker died in a car crash in Alice Springs, Australia, aged 69.

On July 31, 1999, some of his ashes were carried to the Moon by the Lunar Prospector space probe.


David H. Levy

David H. Levy (born May 22, 1948) is a Canadian astronomer and science writer. He co-discovered Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9 in 1993, which collided with the planet Jupiter in 1994. Levy was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. 


Gallup, New Mexico

Gallup is a city in McKinley County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 21,899 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of McKinley County.

Arthur T. Hannett

Arthur Thomas Hannett (February 17, 1884 – March 18, 1966) was an American politician. He became the seventh Governor of New Mexico.

After serving as a member of the State Highway Commission from March 1923, until December 1924, Hannett was elected Governor of New Mexico and served from January 1, 1925 until January 1, 1927.

Lyons, New York

Lyons is a town in Wayne County, New York, United States. The population was 5,679 at the 2020 census. The town is named after Lyons (usually now spelled Lyon), France.

Smitley River

The Smitley River is a river in British Columbia, Canada. It is in the north Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains. It flows southeast to join the Noeick River. The Smitley River starts on the east side of Mount Saugstad.

Panipat

Panipat is an old city in Haryana area of India. It is 90 kms north of Delhi and 130 kms south of Chandigarh. 

Three famous battles were fought here at different times in history: the First Battle of Panipat in 1526, the Second Battle of Panipat in 1556 and the Third Battle of Panipat in 1761.

Today, Panipat is famous as 'The Town of Weavers' because of its fine carpet-weaving and textile industries. It was first captured by Mahmud of Ghazni of the Ghaznavid Empire in the year 1005 and later by the Ghurid dynasty. It was then under the Delhi Sultanate and then the Mughal Empire until the British conquered this area and colonized India.

Third Battle of Panipat

The Third Battle of Panipat was a major battle of Indian history, fought on 14th January 1761. It was fought between the Afghan forces of Ahmad Shah Durrani along with his local Rohilla and other Pathan and Oudh allies, against the Maratha Empire.

The Durrani Afghan forces and their allies finally won and defeated the Marathas. The place of battle field is disputed by historians, but most of them are in favour of Horiana in Punjab region not far away from Delhi. The Marathas dug a trench which was three kilometres long and four hundred metres wide. Ahmad Shah Durrani showed his shrewdness by grounding pretended tents behind which there was a four kilometres long curtain. Behind the banner of curtain Ahmad Shah Durrani dug four kilometres long and twenty feet wide canals. By extracting mud from the channel a five feet high, twenty feet wide and four kilometres long road was made behind which Afghan riflemen took safe positions targeting advancing Maratha soldiers. Durrani laid his short range movable cannons on the backs of camels behind the road from which cannon fire could target the advancing Maratha soldiers over the heads of his own forces. There were four feeder roads one kilometre away from each other on which Afgan horsemen could come down to the battle field and if needed could retreat behind the shadow of the five feet high covering road. These four feeder roads were short, narrow and sloping to the battle field. Durrani tried to bait Maratha troops to advance and Marathas stepped into this trap. Afghan riflemen and short range cannons fired onto the Maratha Army and Marathas began to fall one after another. In the final stage of battle Durrani's left flank and right flank came down to battle field surrounding Maratha forces on three sides. Holker left the battle field realizing it was lost and Marathas almost lost their ground in the battle leaving the chief Sadashivrorao Bhaou encircled by his bodyguards in the midst of the battle field. Front troops of Durrani did not further advance fearing cannon fire of the Marathas'. Under the cover of these French made cannon 15,000 Maratha forces managed to flee leaving their chief vulnerable.

Some historians said that if Malharo Holkerr or Roghunath Rao was made chief of the Maratha Army, the result might have been different, because they were well-informed about the political situation of North India. Malharo Holker and Master Roghunath Rao invaded Bangla, Biher and Urisya during the reign of Nawab Alivordi Khan and campaigned guerrilla warfare against his kingdom. So, they knew about this locality and were experienced in guerrilla warfare in this terrain. But it should be kept in mind that Sadashivro Rao Bhau who was Peshwa's younger brother and Peshwa's son Vishwash Rao also took part in this battle. If Roghunath Rao or Holker was made chief of the Maratha Army, lives of Baji Rao and Sadashivrorao Bhau would have been in jeopardy. Keeping this in mind, Peshwa made Sadashivrorao Bhau the chief of Maratha Army.

When the battle began at 8 a.m.on 14th January, 1761 after the Marathas' scantier foodgrains were engulfed by their soldiers, Durrani's forces fired their short range cannons, but proved to be ineffective because of falling their ignition on the middle of the battlefield. Durrani tried to thwart Maratha advance. He sent his special messenger over the river Jamuna to cross his roughly 15000 Baluch soldiers who were engaged to block supply lines of Maratha. Durrani had little faith on his allies's ground troops. So, he cunningly played hit and run tactics until his 15000 Baluch troops completed crossing Jamuna toward the East. After reaching his 15000 cavalry troops in the evening, Durrani decided the final phase of his charge. After receiving message of crossing 15000 Afghan troops across the river Vishwasrao disappeared from the battlefield and secretly crossed the river Jamuna on the west. This was a major blow for the Maratha side. On the other side Durrani tried to prolong the battle for minimum losses and maximum gains. And he was successful in his tactics.

Zabardast Khan

Zabardast Khan (died 1788) was a Suleman Khel Ghilzai Pathan warrior in history. He fought at the Third Battle of Panipat as part of the Afghan forces of Ahmad Shah Durrani.

Marc Okrand

Marc Okrand (; born July 3rd, 1948) is an American linguist. He is known for making the Klingon language.

Okrand worked with Native American languages. He earned a bachelor's degree from the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1972. His 1977 doctoral work from the University of California, Berkeley, was on the grammar of Mutsun, a dialect of Ohlone (a.k.a. Southern Costanoan). Southern Costanoan is an extinct Utian language earlier spoken in the north central Californian coastal areas from Northern Costanoan down to 30 miles south of Salinas. Okrand's doctoral work was watched over by early linguist Mary Haas. He taught college linguistics courses at the University of California, Santa Barbara, from 1975 to 1978. After that he took a post doctoral fellowship at the Smithsonian in Washington, D.C., in 1978.

Okrand helped make closed captioning for the Oscars award show in 1982. While there Okrand met the producer for the movie "". His first work was replacing in Vulcan language words for "Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan". The actors had been filmed talking in English. He was then hired by Paramount Pictures to make the Klingon language. Okrand also taught the actors using it in "", "", and "". He was later also hired for the 2009 "Star Trek" film for their use of the Romulan and Vulcan languages. He also made a Klingon dialogue for the 2009 movie, but it was not used in the final edited version. Okrand was also involved in "Star Trek Into Darkness", but only after the movie was finished being made.


Eulogy

A eulogy (from , "eulogia", meaning "praise") is a speech or writing in praise of a person or thing. It is often given about a recently dead or retired person. Eulogies may be given as part of funeral services.


North Bend, Ohio

North Bend is a village in Miami Township, Hamilton County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River. The population was 835 at the 2020 census. The 23rd US president, Benjamin Harrison, was born here.

Fallen angel

A fallen angel is an angel who has sinned and has been sent out of heaven.

The Bible mentions "sons of Elohim" (sons of God) in Book of Genesis, who had evil powerful children. Some Jews and Christians think this refers to angels who left heaven and had children together with human women. There is also another opinion. Some Jews and Christians believe they are not angels, but "kings" who had evil and powerful children instead.

Isaiah compares a Babylonian king to an Angel who wanted to be God himself. So he tried to rise to the highest heaven but fell into the deepest underworld instead. For Christians, this angel was Lucifer. Jews usually don't think this verse really refers to an angel but is only a poem.

In the New Testament, it is said that Hell is prepared for Satan and his fellow (fallen) angels. Jesus is reported to say that he saw Satan fall from heaven. This is the reason why Christians believe that Satan has indeed been thrown out of heaven. This verse also confirms for Christians that the "morning star" in the Old Testament indeed speaks about a fallen angel.

The last chapter of the Bible, the Book of Revelation, describes a battle between the Archangel Michael and Satan. Here, Satan and his angels lose and are thrown out of heaven.

The Book of Enoch mentions angels who mated with human women. These are supposed to be the same angels mentioned in Genesis. Their children are the giants. According to the Book of Enoch, the giants were slain by the Archangels or died during the Deluge. The fallen angels are imprisoned in the underworld. The most famous fallen angels are named Azazel and Shemyaza. They also teach sorcery and warcraft to humans. Azazel is blamed for corrupting the entire world with his teachings.

Satan is also mentioned in this Book, but he is not among the fallen angels. Satan instead appears to be the one who punishes the fallen angels and sinful humans.

In the Quran, creatures fallen from heaven appear twice. One is Satan (named "Iblis" in the Quran) and the other is a pair of fallen angels called Harut and Marut. However, Muslims are undecided if these beings are really angels. Some Muslims don't believe that angels could sin, therefore think that angels will never be cast away from heaven. They think that Satan was not an angel himself but only lived among the angels. Harut and Marut are alternatively thought to be kings instead of angels, like the "Sons of Elohim" in Genesis. Others have no worries about the idea of fallen angels. But even if they are fallen, they don't rebel against God for Muslims. The angels are still the servants of God. Iblis and Harut and Marut do not fall together but each are punished for their own sins:


Scholars think that the idea of "fallen angels" comes from humans observing shooting stars. Before humans knew what stars are, many humans believed they are gods or angels. So, when they so a shooting star, and it looked like they fall to earth, they believed a creature (like an angel) from heaven was falling down.

The idea that fallen angels taught sorcery and sin, could also explain how sin entered a perfect world. If God created a good and perfect world, there would be no sin. But when there is sin in the world, sin must have come from outside of the world, what is the world of the angels. 

Radawczyk Drugi

Radawczyk Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica in eastern Poland.

About 200 people live in Radawczyk Drugi.

Mutsun

Mutsun is one of the languages spoken by the Ohlone people of California.

Mary Haas

Mary Rosamund Haas (January 12, 1910 – May 17, 1996) was an American linguist. She studied Native American Indian languages. She also studied Thai and historical linguistics.

Haas attended high school in Richmond, Indiana, and later Earlham College.


Sahana Pradhan

Sahana Pradhan (17 June 1927 – 22 September 2014) was a Nepalese politician. She was Minister of Foreign Affairs until she resigned on 16 April 2008. In 1986, she became the leader of the Communist Party of Nepal. In 1987, the political party merged with another one.

Pradhan was born in Kathmandu. She was married to politician Pushpa Lal Shrestha until his death in 1978.

Pradhan died from a brain haemorrhage on 22 September 2014 in Kathmandu. She was 88.

Star Trek Into Darkness

Star Trek Into Darkness is a 2013 American science fiction action movie. The movie was directed by J. J. Abrams. It was Leonard Nimoy's last movie appearance before his death in 2015. Set in the 23rd century, the movie follows Captain James T. Kirk and the crew of "USS Enterprise" as they are sent to the Klingon homeworld seeking a former Starfleet member-turned-terrorist, Khan Noonien Singh.

It is the second "Star Trek" movie that features the supervillain Khan Noonien Singh, since the 1982 movie "", who originally appeared in the first season of the "".


Geochronology

Geochronology is the science of finding the ages of rocks, fossils and sediments. It uses a number of methods. Geochronology is the main tool used to get absolute age dates for all fossil assemblages, and for the history of the Earth and other bodies.

By measuring the amount of radioactive decay of a radioactive isotope with a known half-life, geologists can establish the absolute age of the parent material. A number of radioactive isotopes are used for this purpose, and depending on the rate of decay, are used for dating different geological periods. More slowly decaying isotopes are useful for longer periods of time, but less accurate in absolute years. With the exception of the radiocarbon method, most of these techniques are actually based on measuring an increase in the abundance of a radiogenic isotope, which is the decay-product of the radioactive parent isotope. Two or more radiometric methods can be used in concert to achieve more robust results. Most radiometric methods are suitable for geological time only, but some such as the radiocarbon method and the Ar/Ar dating method can be extended into the time of early human life and into recorded history.

Some of the commonly used techniques are:

A series of techniques to find the age when a surface was created or exposed. Exposure dating uses the concentration of nuclides like Be, Al, Cl. They are produced by cosmic rays interacting with Earth materials. The data show when a surface, such as an alluvial fan, was created. Burial dating uses the radioactive decay of two elements to find the age when a sediment was buried away from cosmic rays.

Luminescence dating techniques use 'light' emitted from materials such as quartz, diamond, feldspar, and calcite. Many types of luminescence techniques are used in geology and in archaeology.

Incremental dating techniques let us build year-by-year annual chronologies. 

The pattern of magnetisation in a rock formation can be used to help find its date.

Marker horizons are stratigraphic units of the same age, with distinctive composition and appearance. So, though they are in different geographic sites, there is certainty about their age-equivalence. Fossil faunal and floral assemblages, marine and terrestrial, make for distinctive marker horizons. Volcanic ash (tephra) has a geochemical fingerprint. Tephra is often used as a dating tool in archaeology, because the dates of some volcanic eruptions are well-established.


Atlantean language

The Atlantean language is a constructed language created by Marc Okrand. It was made for Disney's film "".



Dulla Bhatti

Dulla Bhatti or "Dullah Bhatti" real name Abdullah Bhatti (popularly referred to as the Son of Punjab' or 'Robin Hood of Punjab') (died 1599) was a famous Punjabi Folk hero and freedom fighter who led a revolt against Mughal rule during the rule of the emperor Akbar.

He belonged to the Bhatti Muslim rajput tribe and was a "zamindar" or rural farmer. On becoming a young man, Dulla was angered to see the injustice of the Mughal rulers against local Punjabis, and he turned against them. He started guerilla warfare against the Mughal forces in the Punjab and was successful to some extent for 10 or 12 years. Later, however, he was defeated by the Mughal forces through the betrayal of some enemies and was imprisoned in Lahore Fort, Lahore. He was later hanged there in 1599.


Najam Hussain Syed

Najam Hussain Syed also spelt Najm Hosein Syed (born 1936) is a Punjabi play-writer, poet, and critic who lives in Lahore, Pakistan. 

Timeline of the Islamic State (2014)

This is a timeline of events in the Levant by the Jihadist militant group called the Islamic State (also called IS, ISIS, ISIL or Daesh).










Ancestry.com

Ancestry.com Inc. (formerly The Generations Network) is a private held Internet company. It is based in Provo, Utah, United States. It is the largest for-profit genealogy company in the world. The company operates a network of genealogical and historical record websites. These websites are focused on the United States and nine foreign countries. The company also develops and markets genealogical software, as well as other genealogical related services. As of December 2013, the company provided approximately 12.7 billion records and had 2.14 million paying subscribers. The website includes 191 million uploaded photos and more than 16 million uploaded stories. These were provided by people who use their website.

The company operates other websites including Archives.com, Fold3.com, ProGenealogists, 1000memories.com, Newspapers.com, Genealogy.com, MyFamily.com, and Rootsweb.com. Family Tree Maker was created by the company that advertised it as "the #1 selling family history software". Ancestry.com operates foreign sites that provide access to services and records specific to other countries in the languages of those countries. These include several countries in Europe (covered by Ancestry.com Europe S.à r.l.) as well as Australia, Canada, and China.

On January 1, 1997, Infobases' parent company, Western Standard Publishing, purchased Ancestry, Inc. The website was a publisher of "Ancestry" magazine and genealogy books. The website was founded in 1983 by John Sittner. Originally, the website was a newsletter about genealogy. The "Ancestry" magazine had been launched in January 1994. Western Standard Publishing's CEO was Joe Cannon. He was the main owners of Geneva Steel. In July 1997, Allen and Taggart purchased Western Standard's interest in Ancestry, Inc. That same month, Ancestry, Inc., purchased Bookcraft, Inc., a publisher of books written by leaders and officers of the LDS Church. By this time, Allen and Taggart began operating Ancestry, Inc. independently.

The MyFamily.com website launched in December 1998. More free sites opened up in March 1999. MyFamily.com, had one million registered users within its first 140 days. The company raised more than $90 million in venture capital from investors. On November 17, 1999, the name of the company changed from Ancestry.com, Inc. to MyFamily.com, Inc. Its three Internet genealogy sites were then called Ancestry.com, MyFamily.com, and FamilyHistory.com. Sales for 2002 were about $62 million, and those for 2003 were $99 million. The company opened a call center in Provo, Utah, in March 2004. On December 19, 2006, the company changed its name to "The Generations Network". The company allowed free access to Ancestry.com at LDS Family History Centers. This service was removed on March 17, 2007. This was because of the lack of a mutual agreement. In 2010, Ancestry restored its access to its site at Family History Centers.

On July 6, 2009, the company changed its name back to Ancestry.com. A year later, Ancestry sold its book publishing assets to Turner Publishing. That same year, "Ancestry" magazine was no longer publishing after 25 years. On November 5, 2009, Ancestry.com became a publicly traded company on NASDAQ (symbol: ACOM). It's first public offering was at 7.4 million shares priced at $13.50 per share. The company had a partnership with NBC for a television series called "Who Do You Think You Are?".

In 2010, Ancestry.com expanded its location to San Francisco, California. The San Francisco office focuses on the technology aspects of the company. Their recent works include an iPhone and iPad app. In December 2011, Ancestry.com removed the Social Security Death Index for people who died within 10 years. These records were removed because of identity theft concerns. In September 2012, Ancestry.com expanded its international operations with the opening of its European headquarters in Dublin, Ireland. The Dublin office includes a new call center for international customers, as well as product, marketing and engineering teams.

In October 2012, Ancestry.com agreed to be acquired by a private equity group consisting of Permira Advisers LLP, members of Ancestry.com's management team, including CEO Tim Sullivan and CFO Howard Hochhauser, and Spectrum Equity for $32 per share or around $1.6 billion. At the same time, Ancestry.com purchased a photo digitization and sharing service called 1000Memories. In September 2013, Ancestry.com announced its acquisition of Find a Grave. A month later, the company announced it had purchased the family history records of South African genealogy website Ancestry24 which stopped operating in February 2013.

Ancestry.com is a subscription-based genealogy research website. It has 5 billion records online. Most of the records are from the United States. However, records are being added for other countries, such as Canada, the UK, and European countries. Some records are free for anyone to access. Most records on Ancestry.com are only available for paying subscribers. Family Tree Maker (FTM) is advertised as "the #1 selling family history software". FTM allows the researcher to keep track of information collected during research and to create reports, charts, and books containing that information.

On June 22, 2006, Ancestry.com completed the indexing and scanning of all of the United States Federal Census records from 1790 through 1930. The website was nominated for a 2007 CODiE Award in the "Best Online Consumer Information Service" category. The website offers a genealogical DNA tests of autosomal DNA, paternal Y-chromosome DNA and maternal mitochondrial DNA. In June 2014, Ancestry.com no longer sold the Y-chromosome and mitochondrial DNA testing.

In the first quarter of 2012, Ancestry had 1.87 million users. According to Quantcast, as of April 2012, Ancestry.com reached a rough estimate of 8.3 – 8.4 million people in the US.
In the second quarter of 2014, Ancestry had 2.11 million users, for a loss of 52,000 subscribers when compared to the first quarter of 2014.

This is a list of all websites Ancestry.com., Inc. owns.


Alexander Grothendieck

Alexander Grothendieck (Berlin, 28 March 1928 13 November 2014, Saint-Girons, Ariège) was a leading figure in the modern field of algebraic geometry and Galois theory.

In 1970 Grothendieck left the Institut des hautes études scientifiques, where he had been appointed research professor (1958–1970) and where he did his greatest work. He turned to radical pacifism and opposed all forms of warfare and aggression. This is why he declined the Crafoord Prize in 1988.

In 1966 he was awarded the Fields Medal.

Ohlone

Ohlone people are a Native American people from the north and central California coast. They lived in small villages, and they hunted deer and other animals. Ohlone groups who lived near the shore ate shellfish too. After eating them, they put their shells in mounds called shellmounds. They also buried the dead in shellmounds.


200 Cigarettes

200 Cigarettes is a 1999 American comedy-drama movie. The movie is about a party in New York City on New Year's Eve 1981. Martha Plimpton plays Monica. Courtney Love plays Lucy. Christina Ricci plays Val. Janeane Garofalo plays Ellie. Kate Hudson plays Cindy.

The movie got negative reviews from critics.

Hasse Wallman

Hans Erik "Hasse" Wallman (1 May 1936 – 22 September 2014) was a Swedish businessman, impresario, composer, director, writer and producer. As an entertainment executive, he presented concerts for the British rock bands The Beatles and The Rolling Stones, as well as many other bands and performers. From 1965 until 1966, he was in charge of publicity at the record label Elektra Records. In 1991, he was given a Guldmasken award.

Wallman was born in Stockholm. He was married and had two children.

Wallman was injured in a horse riding accident at his home in Värmdö on 19 September 2014. He was put into a coma and died three days later, aged 78.

Arturo Umberto Illia

Arturo Umberto Illia Francesconi (; August 4, 1900 – January 18, 1983) was an Argentine politician. He was President of Argentina from October 12, 1963, to June 28, 1966. He was a member of the centrist UCR.

Gilles Latulippe

Gilles Latulippe (31 August 1937 – 23 September 2014) was a Canadian actor, comedian and theatre director and manager. Latulippe is a central figure in the history of comic theatre in Quebec. In 1998, he was named Quebec's favorite actor by the daily tabloid "Le Journal de Montréal".

Latulippe was born in Montreal, Quebec and died from lung cancer there.

Rodney Milgate

Rodney "Rod" Milgate (30 June 1934 – 23 September 2014) was an Australian painter, newsreader, actor and playwright. During the 1960s, he was a newsreader on Channel 7. He was also the Professor of the Visual Arts School of the City Art Institute at the University of New South Wales. He was given the Blake Prize for Religious Art three times. He also wrote more than ten stage plays between 1966 and 1996. He also published a novel in 1978. He also acted in his plays, and in 1960, he appeared in three television movies.

Milgate was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He married actress Dinah Shearing in 1960. They had two sons, Matthew and Adam. He was an agnostic.

Milgate died from a heart attack on 23 September 2014 at his home in northern Sydney. He was 80.


Niles, Ohio

Niles is a city in Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. The city's population was 18,443 at the 2020 census.

Manuel Uribe Ángel

Manuel María Uribe Angel (4 September 1822 – 16 June 1904) was a Colombian physician, geographer and politician. He has been called the ""father of medicine of Antioquia"". He was known outside the realm of medicine for his studies and works on the geography and history of Colombia.

He also served as President of the then Sovereign State of Antioquia and as Senator of Colombia.

Ahmad Khan Kharal

Rai Ahmad Khan Kharal (; – 21 September 1857), widely known as Nawab of Jhamra, was a Pakistani Punjabi Muslim chieftain of the Kharal tribe. He led rebellion in the Bar region of Pakistani Punjab against the British East India Company in the War of Independence of 1857 and died fighting against it on 21 September 1857, at the age of 81. He was killed while offering morning Fajr Prayers before breakfest. He is today considered a folk hero in Punjab.

Rai Ahmad Khan Kharal was born into a rich landowning family of the Kharal tribe in the Sandal Bar region of Punjab, in Chak 434 Gb Jhamra village 23 km from Tandlianwala Faisalabad District and 57 km from Faisalabad city.

He was the de facto ruler (nawab) of Jhamra, he possessed large sum of land and cattle. He was respected by all Kharals as well as other tribes such as Kathia, Wattoo, Fatayana and others. Rai Kharal had influence over all of Sandal Bar.

Leopold Oliver Fitzhardinge Berkeley, or better known as Lord Berkley, was the extra Assistant Commissioner of Gogera in 1857. He held a meeting with important personalities of the Gogera including Rai Ahmad Khan Kharal. Berkley demanded all the leaders to supply the British with men (soldiers) and horses to crush the ongoing revolt. On this, Rai Ahmad Khan Kharal said "Kharals do not share wife, horse and land with anyone" and left.

On July 8, 1857 British arrested a large number of Joiya tribe's men, women and children after they refused to pay the heavy taxes (Lagan). When Rai Kharal received this news he planned to break into the Gogera jail and rescue the innocent people imprisoned there. With help of his Fatayana, Wattoo and Kathia friends Rai Ahmad attacked the Gogera Jail on July 26. According to British records 17 prisoners were killed, 33 were injured and 18 fled. But native accounts disagree suggesting that 145 prisoners died and 100+ EIC troops were also killed. British arrested Rai Ahmad but released him due to pressure from local tribes and as no proper evidence was available against him. Rai Ahmed Khan Kharal did not stop and continued rebellion against the British.

In order to arrest Rai Ahmad Khan Kharal, Berkley attacked Jhamra but was unable to arrest Rai Kharal although he imprisoned 20 civilians including Rai Ahmad Khan Kharal's youngest son Bala Khan Kharal, British also took with them a large sum of cattle. Rai Ahmad Khan Kharal with help of Kathia, Wattoo, Fatayana and Joiya tribe started a guerilla campaign against British. According to Punjab government records the rebels numbered 20,000 to 30,000 men. John Cave-Browne writes that these rebels took refuge in thick jungles and grass and attacked with groups of 3000-5000 guerillas, the sound of drum beating was the sign that they would attack. The connection of Jhang to Lahore was completely cut. Rai Ahmed Khan Kharal planned a major assult on Gogera with other tribal leaders in a secret meeting but the information was leaked by Sarfraz Kharal of Kamalia to British. British prepared themselves to face the upcoming assult and when the rebels attacked they were repulsed with heavy losses.

Rai Ahmad with his companions fled to Jungles of Gashkori and continued the struggle. The British received news about Rai Ahmad Khan Kharal's presence in the Jungles of Gashkori and a force under Captain James Black was sent there, this force succeeded in killing Ahmad Khan while he was offering afternoon prayers. Many of his close companions such as his deputy Sarang Khan Kharal of Begeke Kharals was also killed in this engagement.

A trusted partner of Rai Ahmed Khan Kharal, Murad Fatayana took revenge of Ahmad Khan's killing and eliminated Lord Berkley alongside 50 british and native troops in a successful attack. The rebellion continued until it ended in mid 1858 as local tribes lost.

Rai Ahmed Khan Kharal was killed by a force led by Captain Black on September 21 while he was offering afternoon prayers. His body was decapitated and his head was put on display at Gregora Jail which was an insult to injury to his supporters. A few days later one of his supporters stole the head and buried it in his ancestral graveyard in Jhamra. The local "dhola" poems recited after his death describe Ahmad Khan's martyrdom as Britain lowering the head of Punjab. Below is a line from one of the poems.

Amo Kharal was born in a rich landowning family of the Kharal Jat Clan in the Sandal Bar region of Punjab, in Jhamara village near Tāndliānwāla Faisalabad District. As a young man he fought against the rising Sikh power led by Maharaja Ranjit Singh. Ahmad Khan Kharal had very cordial(good) relations with Maharaja Ranjit singh.(reference- Saeed Ahmed Butt (2015). "Rai Ahmad Khan Kharral (Myth or Reality)" (PDF). Journal of the Punjab University Historical Society. 28 (2): 173–191. Retrieved 2020-05-07.) Later on, as an old man in his 70s, when the rebellion broke out against the British, he also raised a force to fight against them.

Amo Kharal was quite successful in helping the local people and keeping them safe from British troops, keeping up a guerilla warfare against them, for some months. On 26th July 1857, Amo Kharal went with a force to attack the Gogera Jail (now in Sahiwal District) to release some of his companions arrested by the British, but was ambushed by them and their local allies. Amo Kharal and his assistant, Sarang, were both killed, fighting bravely.

The deeds of this brave and noble warrior are still remembered and sung by Punjabi poets in "dholas" and "vars", types of poems.

Saeed Ahmed Butt (2015). "Rai Ahmad Khan Kharral (Myth or Reality)" (PDF). Journal of the Punjab University Historical Society. 28 (2): 173–191. Retrieved 2020-05-07.

Paya (food)

Siri Paya or Paya is a traditional dish of Pakistan and India. It is especially 
popular at various festivals and treated to special guests and get togethers. Paya means feet in Urdu and Hindi.

The main ingredients of the dish are the trotters or hooves of a cow, goat, water buffalo or lamb; cooked with various spices. It is cooked to a thick, soup-like form and eaten with special "naan" bread dipped into it. 

Some of the best and most famous Siri Paya in South Asia are made in the Taxali Gate 
area of Lahore city. 

Caldwell Jones

Caldwell "Pops" Jones (August 4, 1950 – September 21, 2014) was an American professional basketball player. He played as both a center and a power forward between 1973 and 1990. He first played in the American Basketball Association (ABA) from 1973 until 1976. He later played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1976 until 1990. Teams he played for in his fourteen-season career in the NBA were the Philadelphia 76ers, the Portland Trail Blazers, the Houston Rockets, the Chicago Bulls, and the San Antonio Spurs.

Jones was born in McGehee, Arkansas to an African American family. He was married to Vanessa. They had three daughters: Zori, Maya and Leah.

Jones died from a massive heart attack on September 21, 2014 while playing golf in Atlanta, Georgia. He was 64.


Abdullah II of Jordan

Abdullah II ibn al-Hussein (, "ʿAbdullāh aṯ-ṯānī ibn al-Ḥusayn"; born 30 January 1962) is the King of Jordan. He became king on 7 February 1999 after the death of his father King Hussein. King Abdullah, whose mother is Princess Muna al-Hussein, is a member of the Hashemite family. His mother Muna al-Hussein is from Suffolk, England.

Abdullah was born at Palestine Hospital in Amman, He is eldest son of King Hussein of Jordan and His second wife Princess Muna Al-Hussein, His name sake from his great gandfather Abdullah I, He has four brother and six sisters, Princess Alia, Prince Faisal, Pincess Aisha, Princess Zein, Princess Haya, Prince Ali, Prince Hamazah, Prince Hashem, Princess Iman and Princess Raiyah,
He has begin his school life at Islamic Educational College at Amman and study at St Edmund's School in UK, He has high school life at Eaglebrook School and Deerfield Academy in US.
He began his military career at Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in 1980, While he was a training officer in the Jordanian Armed Forces, After Sandhurst, He commissioned as a second lieutenant in the British Army and served a year in Britain and West Germany as a troop commander in 13/18 Royal Hussars.

He has studied at Pembroke College in Oxford completed by one year special studies in Maddie Eastern affairs, After He joined to Royal Jordanian Army on his return home, serving as first lieutenant and then platoon commander and assistant commander of company in the 40th Armoured Brigade, He took a free-fall parachuting course in Jordan.

In 1985, He took Armored Officer's Anvanced Course at Fort Knox, He became commander of a tank company in the 91st Armored Brigade with the rank of captain, Abdullah has served with the Royal Jordanian Air Force's anti-tank helicopter wing and Receiving training to fly Corbra Attack Helicopters.

Abdullah has attended the Edmund A Walsh School of Foreign Serive at Georgetown University in Washington DC, At 1987, He undertaking advanced study and research in International affairs, He return home to serve as assistant commander of the 17th Royal Tank Battalion in 1989, later being promoted to major.
Abdullah has attended a staff course at the British Staff College on 1990, And served the fallowing year in the Office of the Inspector General of the Jordanian Armed Forces as the Armored Corps representative.
He commanded a battalions in the 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment in 1992 and promoted colonel the fallowing year, commanding the 40th Brigade.
He met Raina Ai- Yassin on a marketing employee at Apple Inc in Amman, At a dinner organized by his sister Princess Aisha in January 1993, They are engaged two months later, And their marriage took place in June 1993.
In 1994, Abdullah has assumed command of Jordan's Special Forces and of other elite units as a brigadier general, restructuring them into the Joint Special Operations Command two years later. He became a major general, attended a course in defence resources management at the American Naval Postgraduate School and commanded an elite special forces manhunt in the pursuit of outlaws in 1998, The operations reportedly end successfully, with his name chanted on the streets of Amman.

Titles and Styles

30 January 1962-1 March 1965: His Royal Highness The Crown Prince of Jordan 

1 March 1965-24 January 1999: His Royal Highness Prince Abdullah of Jordan 

24 January 1999-7 February 1999: His Royal Highness The Crown Prince of Jordan 

7 February 1999-present His Majesty The King of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan 

Republican Governors Association

The Republican Governors Association (RGA) is a Washington, D.C.-based 527 organization. It started in 1963. Its members are U.S. state and territorial Republican governors.

The RGA chairman is Governor Greg Abbott of Texas. He became chairman in November 2019 after Governor Pete Ricketts of Nebraska. The 2017 RGA Vice Chair was Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin. The rest of the Executive Committee includes Governors Kim Reynolds of Iowa, Larry Hogan of Maryland, Charlie Baker of Massachusetts, Henry McMaster of South Carolina, Kristi Noem of South Dakota, Bill Lee of Tennessee, Pete Rickets of Nebraska, Eric Holcomb of Indiana, and Doug Burgum of North Dakota.

40th President of the United States, Ronald Reagan, was once president of the RGA when he was Governor of California. 

These people have been leaders of the RGA: John Chafee, William Milliken, Winfield Dunn, Kit Bond, Arch A. Moore, Jr., Otis R. Bowen, Victor Atiyeh, Dick Thornburgh, John H. Sununu, John Ashcroft, George Voinovich, Tommy Thompson, Terry Branstad, Mike Leavitt, Jim Gilmore, Tom Ridge, Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, Sonny Perdue, Bobby Jindal, Scott Walker, Chris Christie, Haley Barbour and Susana Martinez.

The RGA is not working with the non-partisan National Governors Association.


Assheton Gorton

Assheton St George Gorton (10 July 1930 – 14 September 2014) was a British production designer. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the movie "The French Lieutenant's Woman" (1981). He was also given a BAFTA nomination for Michelangelo Antonioni's movie "Blowup" (1966). He also worked on the movies "Wonderwall" (1968), "101 Dalmatians" (1996) and "102 Dalmatians" (2000).

Gorton was born in Sedbergh, West Riding of Yorkshire. He was married to Gayatri. They had three children: Sophie, Steve and Barnaby.

Gorton died after a long illness on 14 September 2014 in Church Stoke of Powys, Wales. He was 84.


Writing tool

Writing tools are the things we use to write with. Most writing today is done with a computer system, usually with word processing software. But for about 5,000 years, much simpler tools were used. The tools were different in different parts of the world. The raw materials had to be near where people lived.

The two oldest writing systems come from this area, which also had the earliest agriculture and the first cities. It is not known for sure which came first, or whether they influenced each other.

The Sumerian system used clay as the basic material to write on. They developed a type of writing called cuneiform. Triangular marks were pressed into soft clay tablets by a metal or wooden tool. After the clay had dried in the sun the tablets were baked. Then they were carried somewhere else for others to read. We know that its first uses were for trade, accounting and administration.

This is the most famous of the old forms of writing. It was invented at roughly the same time as cuneiform, yet was quite different in style, and used different materials. The writing tools used varied according to the material which was written on. Egyptians ended up with three writing systems for the same language. The tools were:

When writing on papyrus, Egyptians used a reed pen. The was hollow, with a nib-like end structure. This was a good example of how writing tools must be got from materials in the local area.

The original Chinese system scratched lines onto a bone or turtle shell surface, 12001500 BC.

Although Chinese characters can be written with many materials, for the longest period they were written with a brush. The ink was carbon-based. It was moulded before use into an inkstick. This small solid object could be carried easily. To get the ink the writer had to grind the inkstick against an inkstone with some added water. The earliest Chinese inks can be dated back to 12th century BC, with the use of charred (partly burnt) materials and plant dyes. Mineral inks based on graphite were most common. A bit later, soot was used as the carbon source, and animal glue used to bind the ink to the paper (Egyptian ink used gum arabic for the same reason).

Paper was a Chinese invention, and a very important one. Essentially the same writing tools and methods were used in Japan, and in Korea, two countries influenced by China.

The Romans used lead styli with wax tablets which could be "erased" by rubbing the beeswax surface smooth again. For permanent records they wrote on parchment (treated animal skin) with ink. They invented the idea of a book with sewn-together parchment pages. It was called a codex, a word which means something like 'block of wood'. Before, long documents were kept in a roll.

Dip-in pens were used in Europe for a thousand years or more. At first they were quill pens made of the stem ('rachis') of a pigeon feather. The quill pen was cut by a knife to give the slanting nib at the writing end. They were used from the middle ages until the first part of the 19th century.

Metal pens were tried next, but many metals were not flexible enough. The writing styles which developed with quill pens used thick and thin strokes. People wanted the same flexibility from a metal pen. Between 1839 and 1849 the steel-nibbed pen solved the problem. For the next century and more, industrial production lines turned out hundreds of millions of steel nibs. They had the advantage that different types of nib could be attached to the same holder. This allowed for different styles of writing to be used. Eventually the best nibs were tipped with gold or iridium, a rare metal which arrives on Earth via meteorites. All stages in the making of nibs was done by machine. The great secret of all nibs from the Egyptian reed to the steel pen is the slit down the middle of the tip. This leads the ink from the small blob under the nib to the point where the ink goes onto the paper. Without the slit, a nib does not work well.

Kharal

The Kharal are a Punjabi Rajput tribe. Today, they mostly live in Punjab, Pakistan. 

Paleoanthropology

Paleoanthropology (or palaeoanthropology) combines the study of paleontology and physical anthropology. It is the study of human evolution. 

The subject is also closely connected to archaeology. The evidence of tool-making and other activities shows the subtle but important changes in thinking that early humans went through.


Timeline

A timeline is a way of displaying a list of events in the order they happened (called chronological order). It may be in the form of a list or a graphic design. A graphic timeline typically shows a long bar labelled with dates and usually events. But it can be other layouts as well. 

Timelines are often used in education. They help students and researchers understand the order or chronology of historical events for a subject. A timeline can be used to visualize the time between events, durations (such as lifetimes or wars), and the overlap of events. 

Timelines are particularly useful for studying history, as they convey a sense of change over time. Wars and social movements are often shown as timelines. Timelines are also useful for biographies.

Another type of timeline is used for project management. They are important to help team members to know what milestones need to be achieved. It also shows the time schedule. An example is showing a project timeline for a Systems development life cycle of a computer system.

Heer Ranjha

Heer Ranjha is a famous sad, love story from the Punjab . Other Punjabi love stories are Mirza Sahiban, and Sohni Mahiwal.

The story is about two lovers, Heer a beautiful girl from a rich rajput and noble family; and Ranjha, a poor farm and poor dhanak caste boy. He looked after Water buffaloes belonging to Heer's father. They both fell in love but Heer's parents were against their marriage. Heer was married by force to a rich young man. Ranjha, very saddened by this, became a hermit He later tried to meet Heer but he failed, and they both died in the mulberry tree near the tree they used to make love 
This story has been written by different writers, at different times. The best and most famous is "Heer" by the poet Waris Shah written in 1761. Some films in Punjabi language and Urdu have also been made about this story. 

The story is still very popular today. Many young girls and boys who fall in love have to face the same problems Some people believe that there were two real young lovers called Heer and Ranjha, long ago. They say that they died and were buried together in a tomb near Jhang, in Punjab. But there is no real proof this was so. But all these are known to be myth.

Heer

Heer is a general term for army in the German and some other languages of German origin. In date order:





Michael Harari

Michael "Mike" Harari (February 18, 1927 – September 21, 2014) was an Israeli intelligence officer in the Mossad. He was involved in several operations. He was part of the failed Lillehammer affair and the rescue of hostages at Entebbe. 

Harari died at his home on September 21, 2014 at the age of 87.

Skip E. Lowe

Sammy Labella (June 5, 1929 – September 22, 2014), better known by his stage name Skip E. Lowe, was an American talk show host and actor. He hosted "Skip E. Lowe Looks at Hollywood". He appeared in the movies "Black Shampoo", "The World's Greatest Lover", "Cameron's Closet" and "A-List". Martin Short called him as the inspiration for his character Jiminy Glick.

He died on September 22, 2014, in Los Angeles, from emphysema at the age of 85.

Henryk Glücklich

Henryk Glücklich (22 January 1945 – 23 September 2014) was a Polish speedway racer. He was an international motorcycle speedway rider. He appeared in the Speedway World Championship finals three times, finishing fifth in 1970. He also rode in five World Team Cup finals. Glücklich was born in Rybnik, Poland.

Glücklich died in Berlin, Germany, aged 69.

Christopher Hogwood

Christopher Jarvis Haley Hogwood CBE (10 September 194124 September 2014) was an English conductor, harpsichordist, writer, and musicologist. He was the founder of the Academy of Ancient Music. Hogwood was born in Nottingham, England.

Hogwood died in Cambridge, England on 24 September 2014, aged 73.


Yasiel Puig

Yasiel Puig Valdés born December 7, 1990) is a Cuban professional baseball player. Puig plays for the Los Angeles Dodgers. Puig plays the position outfielder.

Puig played for the Cuban national baseball team in the 2008 World Junior Baseball Championship. His team won a bronze medal. In 2012, he left Cuba and signed a contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers.


Matt Kemp

Matthew Ryan "Matt" Kemp (born September 23, 1984) is an American professional baseball player. He plays for the Atlanta Braves. He plays the position of outfielder. He has previously played for the Los Angeles Dodgers and the San Diego Padres. His career began in 2006.

Kemp was drafted by the Dodgers in the sixth round of the 2003 draft. He went to the major leagues after four years in the minor leagues.

He did not become a full-time player until 2008. He became the everyday starting center fielder. He has been named to two All-Star teams. He has won two Gold Glove Awards. He has won two Silver Slugger Awards.


By the Sword

By the Sword is a 1991 action-drama movie. This movie is about people who fence with swords. F. Murray Abraham plays Max Suba. Mia Sara plays Erin.

The movie got mixed reviews from the critics. The screenplay was considered "terrible".

Class Action

Class Action is a 1991 melodramatic thriller movie. The movie is about a lawsuit related to injuries caused by a defective car. Laurence Fishburne plays Nick. Gene Hackman plays Jedediah Tucker Ward. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio plays Maggie.

The movie received mostly positive review. It was a moderate box office success.

Cavalera Conspiracy

Cavalera Conspiracy is an American metal band formed in 2007.


Greg Mackey

Greg Mackey (20 October 1961 – 24 September 2014) was an Australian professional rugby league player from 1980 until 1996. He played as a five-eighth, fullback, winger and centre. He also captained some of his teams. He played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs, Paris Châtillon XIII, the Illawarra Steelers, the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, the Warrington Wolves and Hull.

Mackey was born in New South Wales. He was married to Amanda. They had three children: two sons, Kane and Tom, and a daughter, Ebony. In December 2011, he was told that he had bowel cancer.

Mackey died from a heart attack on 24 September 2014 in Sydney, New South Wales. He was 52.


Cecilia Cenci

Cecilia Cenci (3 August 1942 – 21 September 2014) was an Argentine actress. She was best known her roles in the movies "Piedra libre" (1976) and "Contragolpe" (1979).

Cenci was born in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province. She was of Italian ancestry.

Cenci died from brain cancer on 21 September 2014 at the Fundación Favaloro in Buenos Aires. She was 72.

Erik van der Wurff

Erik van der Wurff (9 July 1945 – 22 September 2014) was a Dutch pianist, composer, arranger, producer and conductor. He worked on mostly the soundtracks and as a composer for many movies and television shows. He was mainly worked between 1977 and 2003. He also made acting appearances in two Dutch television shows in 1977 and 1980.
Van der Wurff was born in De Bilt, Utrecht. In 2009, he was given the Order of the Netherlands Lion.

Van der Wurff died from cancer on 22 September 2014 in Soest, near Amersfoort, Utrecht, aged 69.

Ben Webb (artist)

Benedict Webb (18 May 1976 – 22 September 2014) was a New Zealand artist. He worked in both New Zealand and Germany. He worked mostly with both oil and metallic pigments. His paintings were mostly portraits. A lot of his works showed paintings of the Weimar Republic-era of Germany.

Webb was born in Dunedin. He was the son of artist Marilynn Webb. One of his godparents was artist Ralph Hotere.

Webb died on 22 September 2014 at the age of 38. His death was announced on 24 September in an issue of the "Otago Daily Times".


Deborah Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire

Deborah Vivien Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire (née Deborah Freeman-Mitford; 31 March 1920 – 24 September 2014) was a British writer and aristocrat. He was the youngest and last living member of the six Mitford sisters. The sisters were a figure of political connections and promiscuity were a famous feature of English culture in the 1930s and 1940s.

Cavendish was born at Asthall Manor in Asthall, Oxfordshire. She had five sisters and a brother. She was married to Andrew Cavendish from 1941 until his death in 2004. They had seven children, three of which died at a very young age.

Cavendish died from natural causes on 24 September 2014 at Edensor House in Edensor, Derbyshire. She was 94.


Abubakar Shekau

Abubakar Shekau (; 1969 or 1975 – 20 May 2021), also known by his alias Darul Tawheed (), was a Nigerian Islamist terrorist. He is the leader of the Nigerian militant group Boko Haram, whose insurgency began in 2009. He served as deputy leader to the group's founder, Mohammed Yusuf, until Yusuf was killed in 2009. Shekau then became the leader of the group.

Shekau was born in Yobe State, Nigeria and is a Kanuri. He speaks Hausa, Arabic, and English. He has four wives. He has been reported dead several times during the early 21st century.

"The Wall Street Journal" reported that Shekau killed himself by suicide vest on 20 May 2021 to avoid being captured. Nigerian officials confirmed his suicide.

Moktar Ali Zubeyr

Moktar Ali Zubeyr (, ), born Ahmed Abdi aw-Mohamed; 10 July 1977 – 1 September 2014), also known as "Godane", was a Somali Islamist terrorist. He was the Emir of al-Shabaab from 2009 until 2010 and again from 2011 until his death. The group is known to have ties with terror group al-Qaeda. He got training and fought in Afghanistan.

Zubeyr was born in Hargeisa, Woqooyi Galbeed.

Zubeyr was killed in a U.S. drone airstrike on 1 September 2014 in Hawaay. His death was later confirmed by the Pentagon during the NATO summit in Wales on 6 September.

Somali

Somali can mean:


Carl Crawford

Carl Demonte Crawford (born August 5, 1981) is an American professional baseball player. His nickname is "The Perfect Storm". Crawford has played for the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, Tampa Bay Rays, Boston Red Sox, and Los Angeles Dodgers. Crawford plays the position of outfielder. He bats and throws left-handed.

Crawford started his major league career in 2002. Crawford has hit more triples than any other active baseball player.

Roy Heather

Roy Heather (20 May 1935 – 3 September 2014) was a British actor. He was best known for his role as the cafe owner Sid in the television series "Only Fools and Horses". He also appeared in "The Bill", "My Family", "Casualty" and "It Ain't Half Hot Mum".

Heather was born in Stoke Poges, Buckinghamshire. He was married to actress Sarah Vernon from 1982 until their divorce in 1987. He was married to Sara Taylor from 10 May 1993 until his death.

Heather died after a long illness on 3 September 2014 in Purbrook, Hampshire, aged 79.

Singles (movie)

Singles is a 1992 romantic comedy-drama movie. It was written and directed by Cameron Crowe. The movie stars Bridget Fonda, Campbell Scott, Kyra Sedgwick, and Matt Dillon. The movie was distributed by Warner Bros. studios.

"Singles" tells the story of the romantic lives of a group of young Gen X'ers in Seattle, Washington, during the 1990s grunge music scene. Most of the characters live in a block of apartments. A sign in front of the building advertises "Singles" for rent (single bedroom apartments for one or two people).

"Singles" got positive reviews from the critics. It was released on September 18, 1992.

The movie includes cameos from popular bands in the Seattle music scene, such as Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains, and Soundgarden. Stone Gossard, Jeff Ament, and Eddie Vedder, all in Pearl Jam, appear as members of Matt Dillon's band Citizen Dick. Their parts were made when Pearl Jam was still named Mookie Blaylock and had not yet released an album.

Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell has a cameo as the guy who comes out from his apartment to listen to a very loud car stereo. He also appears in a later scene with Soundgarden playing their song "Birth Ritual". The members of Alice in Chains also appear in the movie as a bar band, playing their songs "It Ain't Like That" and "Would?".

The movie was made at some popular places around Seattle. It includes scenes at Pike Place Fish Market, Gas Works Park, Capitol Hill, and Jimi Hendrix's grave at Greenwood Memorial Park in Renton. The coffee shop that is in many scenes is the now-closed OK Hotel. The apartment building is on the northwest corner of the intersection of East Thomas Street and 19th Ave East.

Most of Matt Dillon's wardrobe in the movie belonged to Pearl Jam bassist Jeff Ament.

Ament made up a list of 'pretend' song titles for the fictional band, Citizen Dick. Chris Cornell then wrote songs for the movie using those titles, and "Spoonman" was one of them. An early acoustic version of the song was made. It can be heard in the background during a scene of the movie. Citizen Dick's song name "Touch Me, I'm Dick" is a parody on the song "Touch Me, I'm Sick" by the Seattle band, Mudhoney.


Peter's Friends

Peter's Friends is a 1992 comedy-drama movie. It is about old friends gathering at a New Year's party. Emma Thompson plays Maggie Chester. Imelda Staunton plays Mary. Rita Rudner plays Carol.

This movie was released on September 18, 1992. It got positive reviews from the critics.

Ladybugs

Ladybugs is a 1992 sports-comedy movie. It is about a boy named Matthew who cross dresses as a girl named Martha. His mother discovers this, and becomes angry. Jonathan Brandis plays Martha/Matthew. Rodney Dangerfield plays Chester Lee.

This movie got low reviews by the critics. It was, however, a box office success.

Mountain man

A mountain man was an explorer, trailblazer, and animal trapper in western North America. They thrived between 1810 and 1880. They were well known throughout the Rocky Mountains region. Famous mountain men include Jim Bridger, Kit Carson, and Jedediah Smith. By the mid 1800s the fur trade was no longer profitable. Furs were no longer popular in European fashion. Many of the mountain men settled into jobs as Army Scouts, wagon train guides and settlers through the lands which they had helped open up. Others, like William Sublette, opened up fort-trading posts along the Oregon Trail for the remaining fur traders and settlers heading west.

American Shorthair

The American Shorthair is a breed of cat. This breed was first used as ship's cats that sailed from Europe to North America with early settlers. They kept the ships free of mice and rats and protected the food and cargo. Even the Mayflower carried several cats to hunt the ship’s rats, in 1620. The cats who were still alive after landing in the New World had kittens. Over time, the breed changed so the cats could survive better in their new land and climate.

The American Shorthair is a working cat. It has a large and strong body. It is usually healthy, calm and loving with its owners. This cat is friendly and not shy with strangers. Males weigh eleven to fifteen pounds. Females weigh eight to twelve pounds. It takes three or four years for them to become adult cats. With a good diet and good care, they can live 15 years or longer.

The American Shorthair comes in more than eighty different colors and patterns. These include a brown-patched tabby, a blue-eyed white, shaded silvers, smokes and calicos. Some even come in deep shades of black or brown. Only hybrid cats that are chocolate, sable, lavender, lilac, or a Siamese pattern are not allowed in cat shows.

American Shorthairs are intelligent cats who are interested in what is happening around them. They will watch outdoor birds, other animals and other activity from an inside window perch. These cats are calm but playful. Some enjoy sitting in laps. They get along with children, so they make good family pets. American Shorthairs are social cats, but still like to have their own way. They use their hunting skills to catch insects or pests that come into the house.

In the early 20th century, a breeding program was started to develop the best qualities of these cats who came from Europe. Before, there had not been a lot of mixed breeds that had the American Shorthair background. 

The American Shorthair cat now has standards set by cat fanciers of the breed. The breed is accepted by all North American cat registries. In 1966, the breed was given the name "American Shorthair". This was to separate the pure breed cat from the many mixed domestic short-haired cats that live all over North America. All these short haired cats are called "working cats" because they were used to catch rodents on ships and farms.


Waris Shah

Hazrat Syed Waris Shah (1722-1798) was a Sufi poet of Punjab (now in Pakistan).

He is famous for writing a beautiful poem "Heer", about an old love story.

Lynching of Jesse Washington

Jesse Washington was lynched in Waco, Texas, on May 15, 1916. Washington was a teenage African American who worked on a farm. The event became a well-known example of racially motivated lynching. Washington was accused of raping and killing Lucy Fryer. Fryer was the wife of Washington's white boss in rural Robinson, Texas. No one saw Washington commit the crime. During his interrogation by the McLennan County sheriff, he signed a confession and described the location of the weapon used to kill Fryer.

Washington was tried for murder in Waco. There were angry locals in the courtroom. Washington pleaded guilty and was quickly sentenced to death. Washington was dragged out of the court by observers and lynched in front of Waco's city hall. Over 10,000 people, including city officials and police, gathered to watch the attack. People enjoyed the attack, many children attended the event. Members of the mob removed his testicles, cut off his fingers, and hung him over a bonfire. Washington was lowered and raised over the fire for about two hours. The fire was extinguished and his burnt torso was dragged through the town. Parts of his body were sold as souvenirs. Pictures of the event were taken by a professional photographer. This provided rare pictures of a lynching while the event was going on. These pictures were printed and sold as postcards in Waco.

Lynching was supported by many Waco residents. It was, however, not supported by newspapers around the United States. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) hired Elisabeth Freeman to investigate. Freeman gathered many details, despite that many residents did not want to talk about what had happened. After receiving Freeman's report, NAACP co-founder and editor W. E. B. Du Bois published an in-depth report featuring photographs of Washington's burnt body in "The Crisis". The NAACP also featured his death in their anti-lynching campaign. Waco was known as a modern and a progressive city. However, the lynching demonstrated that the city did not mind racial violence. The event was nicknamed the "Waco horror". The city then gained a reputation for racism. City leaders tried to stop violence several times in the following decades.

Historians believe that Washington's death helped change the way people view lynching. The media attention the event received made people become against lynching. It was seen as "barbarism" (ruthless) rather than as an acceptable form of justice. In the 1990s and 2000s, some Waco residents wanted a monument for the event. The idea did not gain support in the city.


Kanjar

The Kanjar are a nomadic tribe or group of people of North India, Kashmir and Pakistan. The Mirasi tribes are also probably related to them. These people are also sometimes called by the names of Nath, Banchra and Gashtay.
In old times, most of the Kanjar people used to live in jungles or forests. They used to hunt wild animals to eat and also keep some goats, cows and Water buffaloes for their meat and milk. Many of them still live like nomads, moving from place to place but some have started to live in towns and cities. Some of them are Hindu and Sikhs and some are Muslims. They are mostly very poor people The subcastes of kashmir which are also known as (Kanjal) live in Central Kashmir.
Althouh they belong to poor category of people, but they still a diginified life in kashmir, their anceators used to make goods made up of wood.
Eventhough, this is caste is not that prominent in kashmir but they have a sizeable population presence.These people are usually a considered (Naangars), which means they were not among the (Zamindars) means landlord class.

Fouzia Saeed

Dr Fouzia Saeed (born 1959) is a Pakistani social activist. She is from Lahore, Punjab, in Pakistan. She helps poor women and has written some books about some of these women. 

Sulejman Tihić

Sulejman Tihić (26 November 1951 – 25 September 2014) was a Bosnian politician. He was a leading member of Party of Democratic Action (SDA). He was chairman of the House of Peoples of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 14 November 2007 to 14 July 2008. Tihić was born in the town of Bosanski Šamac in northern Bosnia.

On the 25th September, Tihić died from a long and severe disease, aged 62.


Jorge Batlle Ibáñez

Jorge Luis Batlle Ibáñez (; "Batlle"; 25 October 1927 – 24 October 2016) was an Uruguayan politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Colorado Party. He served as the President of Uruguay from 2000 to 2005. He was thought to be one of the most popular presidents of Uruguay.

Ibáñez died on the night of 24 October 2016 at a hospital in Montevideo, Uruguay from a cerebral hemorrhage after falling during an interview. He died one day short from his 89th birthday.

Batman &amp; Robin: The Chiller

Batman & Robin: The Chiller was a dual track looping shuttle roller coaster designed by Premier Rides. It operated at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, from 1997 to 2007. It had a large number of maintenance problems. Six Flags removed the ride from the park in fall 2007. It is currently in storage at Beto Carrero World in Brazil.

Ulrick Chérubin

Ulrick Chérubin (December 24, 1943 — September 25, 2014) was a Canadian politician. He was mayor of Amos, Quebec from 2002 until his death in 2014. He was one of the first Black Canadians to be elected a mayor in Quebec. Chérubin was born in Jacmel, Haiti.

Chérubin died in Amos, Quebec, Canada, aged 70.


Amos, Quebec

Amos is a town in Quebec. It is northwest from the Harricana River. It is the seat of Abitibi Regional County Municipality. As of 2011, the population of Amos was 12,871. 

Anarkali Bazaar

Anarkali Bazaar or Anarkali Market is an old style market in Lahore, Pakistan.
The word 'Anarkali' means 'Pomegranate Blossom'. According to a legend, this was the name of a beautiful dancing-girl. She fell in love with the Mughal prince Selim (who later became the Emperor Jahangir). But the prince's father, the old Emperor Akbar, did not like the girl. So he had the girl arrested and punished. She died and was buried near a bazaar or market. Later, when prince Selim became Emperor he named the bazaar after her. Today, there is an old tomb near there. Jahangir built it in 1615. People say this is the tomb of the real Anarkali, but no one is certain. Another famous tomb near Anarkali Bazaar is Sultan Qutb-ud-din Aibak's tomb

Today, the Anarkali Bazaar is one of the best shopping areas in all of South Asia. Women love to go there because it has excellent clothes, shoes and jewelry shops. There are some nice places to eat there, too. It is open most days from 9 in the morning to 11 at night. There are always many lights and music playing there. There is also a lot of traffic.

Hazara University

The Hazara University is a public university located in Dhodial town, Mansehra District, Hazara Division, Pakistan. The University has three main faculties: Science, Arts and Humanities and Health Sciences. It offers BA, MA, MPhil and PhD study programs.

The university was founded in 2002; It started work with very few resources and one small building for studies and a small administration block.

In the beginning, the university had many problems and until 2004 or 2005 mostly boys joined it to study, very few women were allowed by their families to go there. This was because it was in a very conservative area where women were not encouraged to study. Slowly, more and more women started to join this university to get higher education. Today, there are almost around 3000 women studying here and they have changed the attitudes of local people a lot.

Taxila

Taxila is an ancient town in Punjab, Taxila Tehsil, Pakistan. At one time, it was also part of the Indo-Greek Kingdom. 

It is famous today because of a museum of Buddhist antiques nearby. There are also some old ruins of the Gandhara Buddhist civilization there. Another famous place near this town is the Nicholson Memorial a monument in memory of a British officer John Nicholson.

Karl Miller

Karl Fergus Connor Miller (2 August 1931 – 24 September 2014) was a British literary editor, critic and writer. He was a founding editor of the London Review of Books from 1979 until 1992. Before this, he was an editor of "The Listener" magazine from 1963 until 1973. He later reviewed works by writers such as J. G. Ballard, Robert Burns, Graham Greene, Ted Hughes and Ian McEwan for "The Times Literary Supplement".

Miller was born in the small town of Straiton, Loanhead in Midlothian to the south of Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland. He studied in both Edinburgh and at Downing College of the University of Cambridge. He was married to Jane Collet. They had three children: two sons, Daniel and Sam, and a daughter, Georgia.

Miller died on 24 September 2014 at his home in North London, aged 83.


Jack Laviolette

John "Jack" Laviolette (July 17, 1879 – January 9, 1960) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and winger. Laviolette played 9 seasons with the Montreal Canadiens hockey club. During his time with them, he became their first captain, coach, and general manager. He won the Stanley Cup with the Canadiens in 1916.

He was born in Belleville, Ontario but grew up in Valleyfield, Quebec. When the National Hockey Association (NHA) formed in December 1909, (which was replaced 7 years later by the NHL), team/league owner Ambrose O'Brien asked Laviolette to put together a team made up of French Canadian players and play as the "Les Canadiens" franchise in Montreal. Laviolette was able to complete the task in time for the NHA's first season. Some of the first players that were signed to the team were future hall of famers Newsy Lalonde, Didier Pitre and Georges Vezina. The team that he had put together would go on to become the most successful franchise in professional hockey. In 1918, Laviolette lost his right foot in an automobile accident. The accident would end his playing career. There was a benefit game that was held for Laviolette at the Mount Royal Arena in 1921, which Laviolette was the guest of honour and also refereed.

In 1960, he was inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame as a lacrosse player and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1962.


Alexander Mosaic

The Alexander Mosaic is a Roman floor mosaic from the House of the Faun in Pompeii. It was made in 100 BC. It shows a battle between the armies of Alexander the Great and Darius III of Persia. It measures 2.72 x 5.13m (8 ft 11in x 16 ft 9in). The original is at the Naples National Archaeological Museum. The mosaic is based on a 3rd-century BC Hellenistic painting, by Philoxenos of Eretria.

The mosaic shows the Battle of Issus, between Alexander and Darius. Alexander won the Battle of Issus. Alexander won again two years later at the Battle of Gaugamela. 

The two main figures are easy to see. Darius has a worried expression on his face. The Persian soldiers have a stern look.

The mosaic was found again on October 24, 1831 in Pompeii. It was moved to Naples in September 1843. It is in the Museo Archeologico Nazionale.

In 2003 the "International Center for the Study and Teaching of Mosaic" (CISIM) in Ravenna, Italy, wanted to make a copy of the mosaic. The mosaic master Severo Bignami and his eight-person team took a large photograph of the mosaic. It took them 22 months to make a copy of the mosaic. The copy was put in the House of the Faun in 2005.


TMZ

TMZ is an American celebrity news website. It launched on November 8, 2005. The managing editor is Harvey Levin. The name TMZ stands for thirty-mile zone after the historic "studio zone" at the intersection of West Beverly Boulevard and North La Cienega Boulevard in Los Angeles, California.

The infotainment website was made as a project with AOL and Warner Bros., but is now solely owned by Fox Corporation after WarnerMedia sold TMZ on September 13, 2021. TMZ claims that pay for stories and/or interviews. However, Levin said that TMZ does "sometimes pay sources for leads on stories".

A syndicated television show, "TMZ on TV", launched on September 10, 2007.


Glock

The Glock pistol is a series of polymer-framed semi-automatic pistols. They are designed and produced by Glock Ges.m.b.H. in Deutsch-Wagram, Austria. It entered Austrian Armed Forces and police service by 1982. Different models use different ammunition.

There was resistance from the market to accept a "plastic gun", but this was overcome. Glock pistols have become the company's most profitable line of products, with 65% of the market share of handguns for United States law enforcement agencies.They also supply many national armed forces and security agencies around the world. Glocks are also popular firearms amongst civilians in the U.S., for recreational and competition shooting, and for home or self defense.

Jonathan Coulton

Jonathan Coulton is an American alternative rock singer-songwriter. He is known for his songs about geek culture. His album "Artificial Heart" hit #1 on the Billboard Top Heatseeker Chart.


Nicholson Memorial

The Nicholson Memorial is a monument in the Margalla Hills, near the town of Taxila, Pakistan. It is in the shape of an obelisk. It was made in 1868 in memory of a British Indian officer John Nicholson, who once used to be in charge of this area. This officer died in the Indian Rebellion of 1857. 

Marc LaBelle

Marc Labelle (born December 20, 1969) was an NHL hockey player for the Dallas Stars. He played from 1996-1997. He also played for the El Paso Buzzards in the WPHL league. He was born in Maniwaki, Canada and is 44 years old. He shoots left handed. He went undrafted and signed by the Montreal Canadiens in 1991. He wore number 27 jersey for the Dallas Stars.

Enemy at the Gates

Enemy at the Gates is a 2001 American-French war drama movie.The movie is set during the Battle of Stalingrad, a pivotal and brutal conflict between the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany during World War II. The story follows two snipers on opposing sides of the conflict. Vassili Zaitsev, a skilled Soviet sniper played by Jude Law, becomes a hero and symbol of hope for the beleaguered Soviet forces as he racks up impressive kills against the Germans. Major Erwin König, a highly skilled German sniper portrayed by Ed Harris, is sent to Stalingrad to eliminate Zaitsev and demoralize the Soviet troops. The film combines elements of war, suspense, and psychological drama as it explores the deadly cat-and-mouse game between Zaitsev and König. Amid the chaos and devastation of Stalingrad, a love triangle forms between Vassili, a political officer named Danilov (played by Joseph Fiennes), and a female soldier named Tania (played by Rachel Weisz). "Enemy at the Gates" provides a gripping portrayal of the horrors of war, the tension of sniper warfare, and the resilience of those caught in the midst of the battle. It also delves into themes of heroism, sacrifice, and the human cost of war. The film is based on real events but takes creative liberties for dramatic effect.


Shirali Muslimov

Shirail Muslimov (March 26, 1805-September 2, 1973) claimed to be the oldest person who ever lived. He died at the age of 168. This was 46 years older than Jeanne Calment, a French supercentenarian. She has been confirmed as being the oldest person who ever lived. Muslimov got pneumonia in 1972 and died in 1973. As the only evidence of his age Muslimov had a passport issued in 1939. It showed him to have been born in the village of Barzavu in 1805. He claims to have five generations of descendants.

According to legend, Muslimov worked hard every day, up to 167 years. He did not smoke or drink. He ate fruits, vegetables, wholemeal bread, chicken broth, cheese and yogurt. He had several wives through his lifetime. Muslimov became ill with pneumonia between 1972 and 1973, but survived only to die later in 1973. Muslimov's story was picked up in 1973 by National Geographic Magazine. The article told that on the occasion he still rode horses and tended an orchard planted in the 1870s. National Geographic later recanted on the claim. The same story was told by the Guinness Book of World Records, stated as unconfirmed along with other similar claims. According to National Geographic, he had an 120-year-old wife whom he had married 102 years earlier. However according to his obituary, published by Time magazine, he was survived by his 107-year-old third wife. 

The case of Muslimov became known in 1963. This is when a young photojournalist of TASS, Kalman Kaspiev, went to Barzavu to interview the centenarian. The story was picked up by the Soviet press, by the National Geographic, and by the Dannon company, which for promotional reasons suggested that the long life of Muslimov was linked to a diet of yogurt. 

Some Gerontologists doubt his and other similar claims of extreme old age that come from this area. Analysis of Soviet census records show the lifespan in this area is no more than the expected 115 years for all other populations. Muslimov is one of several men to claim extreme longevity. There are twice as many super-long-lived men as women in this area. This is the opposite of all other populations where women usually outlive men. While there are no accurate records to prove his age, his story captured public attention. 


Conker: Live &amp; Reloaded

Conker: Live and Reloaded (originally known as Conker: Live and Uncut, but it was actually more censored) is a platform game on the original Xbox. The game is a remake of the N64 game "Conker's Bad Fur Day". 

The game has much better graphics, thanks to the Xbox's superior hardware. It has new enemies. It has a few changes in design. It has an improved multiplayer mode which supports System Link as well as Local Play and Solo with bots. It also supported Xbox Live before the original Xbox lost support for Xbox Live. 

The game does not have some profanity that was in the original game.

True Lies

True Lies is a 1994 action movie. The movie is about a computer salesman who does covert missions for the United States government. Arnold Schwarzenegger plays Harry. Jamie Lee Curtis plays Harry's wife Helen. Tom Arnold plays Harry's collegue and friend Albert. Eliza Dushku plays Harry's daughter Dana.

This movie got positive movie reviews from the movie critics. It made a lot of money at the box office. "True Lies" was the first movie made with a budget of over $100 million dollars.


Madis Kõiv

Madis Kõiv (5 December 1929 – 24 September 2014) was an Estonian writer and physicist. His first published work was a play called "Küüni täitmine" ("Filling the Hay Barn"). Kõiv was also the author of several novels. "Widow" and "Aporia of Attica, Tragedy of Elea" are two of his best known works. He was born in Tartu, Estonia.

Kõiv died in Tallinn, Estonia, aged 84.


Stephen Sykes

Stephen Whitefield Sykes (1 August 1939 – 25 September 2014) was the Church of England Bishop of Ely and held professorial chairs in divinity at both Durham University and Cambridge University. He retired as Principal of St John's College, Durham at the end of August 2006.

Heavy Heavy Low Low

Heavy Heavy Low Low is an American mathcore band formed in 2004.


Dorothy Tyler-Odam

Dorothy Jennifer Beatrice Tyler (née Odam; 14 March 1920 – 25 September 2014) was a British athlete. She competed mainly in the high jump. She won two silver medals at the Summer Olympic Games. One at the 1936 Summer Olympics held in Berlin, Germany, and the other at the 1948 Summer Olympics held in London. She was the first British woman to win an Olympic athletics medal herself. She later went on to win a gold medal at two British Empire Games; one in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia (1938), and the other in Auckland, New Zealand (1950). In 2012, she was a starting runner at the London Marathon.

Tyler-Odam was born in Stockwell, London. In 2009, at the age of 89, she was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE).

Tyler-Odam died after a long illness on 25 September 2014, aged 94.


Rudolf Kortokraks

Rudolf Kortokraks (8 July 1928 – 11 September 2014) was a German-Austrian painter. His work mainly featured still life (most often flowers), landscapes, cities and portraits. 

He held exhibitions between 1949 and 2014. His first one-man exhibit took place in 1951. During his art career, he worked in mainly Germany and Austria, as well as the United Kingdom, the United States, Italy and Mexico. In 2012, a documentary movie about Kortokraks was released in Austria.

Kortokraks was born in Ludwigshafen, Rhineland-Palatinate. He studied in Graz in 1941, before moving to Austria. He lived and worked in Salzburg.

Kortokraks died on 11 September 2014 in Hallein, Salzburg. He was 86.

National Archaeological Museum, Naples

The Naples National Archaeological Museum ("Museo Archeologico Nazionale di Napoli", MANN) is a museum in Naples. The museum has a large display of Roman artifacts from Pompeii, Stabiae and Herculaneum. The display has works made in Greek, Roman and Renaissance times. It is known as the most important Italian archaeological museum.

Charles III of Spain started the museum in the 1750s. The building was used to house soldiers in the 18th century. 


The Battle Hymn of the Republic

"The Battle Hymn of the Republic" (also known as "Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory" outside of the United States), is a song by American writer and poet Julia Ward Howe (1819–1910). 

Howe's lyrics were written in November 1861 and first published in "The Atlantic Monthly" in February 1862. She was paid $4.00 for the song. It is based on the music from the song "John Brown's Body". It was made famous by Charles Cardwell McCabe, a Union Army chaplain during the American Civil War. He sang it in front of President Abraham Lincoln who stood and asked to hear it a second time. It quickly became the unofficial anthem of the Union. Since that time, it has become a popular and well-known American patriotic song.


House of the Faun

The House of the Faun (), was built in the 2nd century BC. It was a large private home in Pompeii, Italy. It has many great works of art. It is a fancy aristocratic house from the Roman Republic. The house shows the time period better than most archaeological things in Rome itself.


Łobez

Łobez (German: "Labes") is a town in Pomerania, northwestern Poland. It has 10,066 inhabitants (2019). Situated on the Rega river, it is the capital of Łobez County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship.


Philoxenos of Eretria

Philoxenus of Eretria () was a painter from Eretria in the 4th century BC. He was the student of Nicomachus of Thebes. Philoxenus copied his speed in painting. He found new and fast ways of painting. Pliny said a picture Philoxenus painted was the best painting. It was of a battle of Alexander the Great with Darius. He painted it for King Cassander. The same subject was used in the Alexander Mosaic in the House of the Faun, in Pompeii.

Darius III

Darius III (c. 380 – July 330 BC) was first named Artashata. He was called Codomannus by the Greeks. Darius III was the last Persian Shah ("king") of the Persian Achaemenid Empire of Persia. He ruled from 336 BC to 330 BC. Artashata took "Darius" as his dynastic name.

Carlotta Ikeda

Sanae "Carlotta" Ikeda (; 19 February 1941 – 24 September 2014) was a Japanese butoh dancer. She started her career in the early 1960s. She first became a member of the butoh group Dairakudakan in the early 1970s. She founded the Ariadone Company, an all-female butoh dance troupe, with Kô Murobushi in 1974.

Ikeda was born in Fukui, Fukui Prefecture. At the age of 19, she graduated from a dance school in Tokyo. Her stage name was in honour of Italian ballet dancer Carlotta Grisi. In the 1980s, she moved to Paris, France.

Ikeda died from liver cancer on 24 September 2014 in Bordeaux, aged 73.

Anarkali (girl)

Anarkali (meaning Pomegranate blossom) was the name of a legendary dancing girl. She is said to have lived in Lahore (now in Pakistan) in the time of the Mughal Emperor Akbar. She fell in love with prince Selim (who later became the Emperor Jahangir) but was punished by his father, Akbar. She is supposed to have died in Lahore and it is said her grave is also there. The famous Anarkali Bazaar in Lahore was named after her. 


Imtiaz Ali Taj

Syed Imtiaz Ali Taj (; ; 1900–1970) was a dramatist who wrote in the Urdu language. He is specially famous for his play "Anarkali" (1922) about the life and love of the dancing-girl of Mughal times, Anarkali. This play was later adapted and made into a number of films about the story of Anarkali. 

Anna (Disney)

Anna is a princess from Disney's movie, "Frozen". For most of the movie, she is voiced by Kristen Bell. However, "Young Anna" is voiced by Livvy Stubenrauch. Anna has an older sister named Elsa (voiced by Idina Menzel), who can create anything with snow and ice. 

This is what the official "Frozen" website says about Anna:
"Anna (voice of Kristen Bell) is more daring than graceful and, at times, can act before she thinks. But she's also the most optimistic and caring person you'll ever meet."

In the movie, Anna meets a prince named Hans. She wants to marry him. Then, even though it is summer, Elsa freezes everything. Anna has to find Elsa and make her bring back the summer. Soon she meets another man named Kristoff who likes ice and helps Anna find Elsa.


Aruviyodu Village

Aruviyodu Village is a hilly hamlet near the river Neyyar in India. It is down south in Neyyattinkara in the district of Thiruvananthapuram. It comes under Kunnathukal Panchayath. It belongs to South Kerala Division. It is located east of the district headquarters in Thiruvananthapuram. It is from Perumkadavila.

Aruviyodu is surrounded by Neyyattinkara Taluk towards the west, Parassala towards the south, Melpuram Taluk towards South, Munchira Taluk towards the south. This Place is in the border of the Thiruvananthapuram District and Kanniyakumari District.

The Dhanuvachapuram Railway Station and Amaravila Halt Railway Station are near Aruviyodu. The Trivandrum Central Railway Station is major railway station 26 km from Aruviyodu.

Château de Meudon

The Château de Meudon was a former royal residence in France. It is most commonly associated with the "Grand Dauphin" the only son of Louis XIV who made it his personal residence. However, on the death of the Dauphin the property reverted to the crown and was used by the famous Duchess of Berry (a granddaughter of Louis XIV) and was later ignored under Louis XV and Louis XVI, but became the official residence of the King of Rome from 1812, and was occupied by Jérôme Bonaparte under the First Empire. The main building was largely destroyed in a fire in 1871, and it is now the site of the Observatoire de Paris-Meudon.

There was originally a small manor on the site which was given to the Duchess of Étampes, a mistress of Francis I of France. The family remodelled the building in around 1540 when the property was given to the "Cardinal de Lorraine". At the Cardinal's death in 1574, Meudon reverted to the House of Guise until 1654. In 1679, the château was sold by Servien's heir to Louvois, the minister of Louis XIV, who continued to improve it inside and out, until his death in 1691. Above all, he commissioned André Le Nôtre to construct grand gardens and fountains fed by elaborate hydraulic works. In June 1695, Louis XIV purchased Meudon from the widow of Louvois, with the intention of installing his only legitimate child le Grand Dauphin in the premises. A brilliant period followed. The Dauphin employed "Jules Hardouin-Mansart". Following the death of the Dauphin the property was briefly used by his son Louis, Duke of Burgundy, Dauphin of France. It was then later given to the Duchess of Berry in 1718.

Louis XV employed Meudon as a hunting lodge. Although his mistress, Madame de Pompadour, was installed in the nearby Château de Bellevue, Meudon was eclipsed in his favour by the Château de Choisy. Meudon declined further under Louis XVI, the parterres overgrown, the basins emptied, the park let piecemeal to tenant farmers.

In 1870, the terraces of Meudon were part of the strategic defenses of Paris in the Franco-Prussian War, and the château, damaged by shelling,[6] was occupied by Prussian forces. Forty-eight hours after the signing of the armistice, in January 1871, Meudon caught fire. It burned for three days, until only some exterior walls were left standing

Ronald Reagan 1980 presidential campaign

Ronald Reagan, the 33rd Governor of California, announced his candidacy for President of the United States in New York City on November 13, 1979. On July 17, 1980, he became the nominee of the Republican Party for the 1980 presidential election. William J. Casey managed Reagan's campaign.

The slogan of his campaign were ""Are You Better Off Than You Were Four Years Ago?"" and ""Make America Great Again"".

After winning the Republican nomination, he selected one of his opponents in the primary elections, George H. W. Bush, to be his running mate (vice president candidate).

On November 4, 1980, Reagan won 44 states and 489 electoral votes to win the election. Jimmy Carter, the then-current president, carried six states, as well as Washington, D.C., and won 49 electoral votes. Reagan won 50.7 percent of the popular vote, Carter took 41 percent, and Independent John B. Anderson (a liberal Republican) received 6.7 percent.

Reagan's election as President was completed with the meeting of the Electoral College on December 15, 1980, and with the college's vote by the Joint session of Congress on January 6, 1981.

Reagan was inaugurated on January 20, 1981.

Reagan Democrat

Reagan Democrat is an American political saying that was used by analysts showing how Democratic voters would support Republican President Ronald Reagan rather than Jimmy Carter or Walter Mondale. This was said during both the 1980 and 1984 elections. It is also used for George H. W. Bush in the 1988 election.


Thomas Starr King

Thomas Starr King (December 17, 1824 – March 4, 1864) was an American Unitarian minister. Many people think he influenced California politics during the American Civil War. He was a Freemason. Starr King spoke in favor of the Union.

Bruce Rauner

Bruce Vincent Rauner (born February 18, 1957) is an American businessman and politician. He was the 42nd Governor of Illinois from 2015 to 2019. He defeated Pat Quinn on November 4, 2014. Rauner is the Chairman of R8 Capital Partners and the former Chairman of the private equity firm GTCR.

Rauner ran for re-election in the 2018 election, but lost to Democrat billionaire J. B. Pritzker.

Rifai

The Rifai Sufi order or "Tariqah" was established by Hazrat Sheikh Ahmed Ar-Rifai in Iraq. Later on, it spread to other parts of the world. It has a big presence in Turkey and Eastern Europe today. 

Ahmed Ar-Rifai

Hazrat Sheikh Ahmed Ar-Rifai (1118-1182) was a Sufi master and saint. He founded the Rifai Sufi order.

He was born in the Hasen region of Iraq. He died and was buried in Northern Iraq near Tal Afar. His shrine is respected by most Muslims, Shia or Sunni. However, in 2014, this shrine was destroyed by the ISIS terrorists. 

West (disambiguation)

West is a compass direction. It might also refer to:



Fakir Family

The Fakir Family or Fakir Khana family is an old family of Lahore, now in Pakistan. They are famous for having made the Fakir Khana Museum in the old walled city of Lahore. 

The family is of Syed origins. They first became famous in the Mughal times. Later, two members Fakir Syed Azizuddin and Fakir Syed Nooruddin were ministers of the Punjab government in the time of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. They were also respected by the British rulers. 

James Traficant

James Anthony "Jim" Traficant, Jr. (May 8, 1941 – September 27, 2014) was an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio. He represented the 17th Congressional District from 1985 until 2002. He was a member of the Democratic Party from 1981 until 2010, and was independent from 2010 until his death.

He ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1988.

Traficant was arrested and imprisoned. He was convicted of taking bribes, filing false tax returns, racketeering, and forcing his aides to perform chores at his farm in Ohio and Washington, D.C. houseboat. He was released on September 2, 2007, after serving seven years.

Traficant was born in Youngstown, Ohio. He was raised in a Roman Catholic family. He was of mostly Italian and Slovak ancestry. He was married to Patricia "Tish" Choppa Traficant.

Traficant died after suffering a heart attack caused by a tractor accident on September 27, 2014 at his home in Youngstown. He was 73.


Eugie Foster

Eugie K. Foster (December 30, 1971 – September 27, 2014) was an American short story writer, columnist, and editor. She won the Nebula Award in 2009. Her works have been added into a number of magazines and book anthologies. These include "Fantasy Magazine", "Realms of Fantasy", "Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show", and "Interzone". Some of her short stories, "Returning My Sister's Face" and "Other Far Eastern Tales of Whimsy and Malice", was published in 2009.

Foster was born in Urbana, Illinois. She was married to Matthew M. Foster.

Foster died from respiratory failure caused by lymphoma on September 27, 2014 in Atlanta, Georgia. She was 42.

Ewan Davies

David Evans George "Ewan" Davies (23 June 1887 – 2 September 1979) was a Welsh international rugby union player. He won two caps for the Wales national rugby union team. He played club rugby for Cardiff RFC and London Welsh RFC. He also played county rugby for Middlesex. Later he was a solicitor and a businessman. Davies owned a chain of movie theatres.

Davies was born in Cardiff in 1887. He went to Cardiff High School. He went to Llandovery College and the University College London. He studied law. He became a solicitor. He owned a group of movie theatres. In 1931 he built the Plaza Cinema in Swansea. It was the biggest movie theatre in Wales.

Davies wanted to be a politician. He ran two times as a Liberal candidate. He did not win. He owned land in Pembrokeshire. He raised Hereford cattle.

Davies played rugby in high school. He joined the first class Welsh team Cardiff RFC during the 1910-11 season. He stayed with the club for three seasons. He played 37 games. He played wing at Cardiff. He scored 27 tries.

Davies was picked for the Wales national rugby union team at the 1912 Five Nations Championship. He played wing in the game with England at Twickenham. Wales lost the match 8-0. He was not picked for the next two games. He was picked again for the last match of the championship. It was a home game with France at Rodney Parade in Newport. His team was losing the game 6-8 down at half-time. They played well in the second half. Davies team won the game 14-8. Davies scored two of the four tries. It was his last international game.

Jaroslav Halák

Jaroslav Halák (born May 13, 1985) is a Slovak ice hockey goaltender. He currently plays for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Montreal Canadiens, St. Louis Blues, Washington Capitals, and New York Islanders.

Before playing in the NHL, Halák played 9 games with Bratislava in the Slovak Junior league, 12 games with HC Slovan Bratislava of the Slovak Extraliga and 47 games with the Lewiston Maineiacs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). He was drafted with the 271st overall pick by the Montreal Canadiens in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. Before he played with the Canadiens, he would play for their AHL-affiliate Hamilton Bulldogs.

After Canadiens starting goaltender Cristobal Huet suffered an injury, Halák was called up on February 15, 2007. During the time of his callup, Halák had recorded a 2.00 goals against average (GAA) with the Bulldogs, which was the lowest in the AHL. He played his first NHL game with the Canadiens on February 18, 2007. He stopped 31 shots and earned a 3–2 road win over the Columbus Blue Jackets. He earned his first career NHL shutout on March 20, 2007. For the shutout, he made thirty saves to keep the rival Boston Bruins off the board with a 1–0 victory. For most of the 2007–08 season, he played for the Bulldogs. After the Canadiens traded Huet, Halák was called up to be the full-time back-up goaltender. His first playoff start was on April 30, 2008 against the Philadelphia Flyers which ended in a 4-2 loss.

Halák was named as the Canadiens' Molson Cup Player of the Year for the 2009–10 season and he was also named as the starter heading into the first-round playoff match-up against the President's Trophy-winning Washington Capitals. In the sixth game of the series, He stopped 53 shots to set a team record for a playoff game (in regulation-time) and lead the Canadiens to a 4–1 victory. Ultimately, the Canadiens overcame a 3–1 series deficit to win the series in seven games, marking one of the biggest upsets in NHL history.

The Canadiens traded Halák on June 17, 2010 to the St. Louis Blues for Lars Eller and Ian Schultz. He played his first game with the Blues on October 9, 2010 where he earned a 2–1 overtime victory over the Philadelphia Flyers. Halák would collect his first shutout with the Blues on October 23, 2010 at home against the Pittsburgh Penguins, stopping 31 shots in a 1–0 overtime victory. In the 2011–2012 NHL season, Halak won the William M. Jennings Trophy with Brian Elliott for allowing the fewest amount of goals (165 collectively) in the regular season.

On February 28, 2014, before the 2013–14 trade deadline, Halák along with Chris Stewart, William Carrier, a first-round draft pick in 2015 and a conditional third-round draft pick in 2014 to the Buffalo Sabres for Ryan Miller and Steve Ott. Halák however did not play a game for the Sabres and was traded along with a third round draft pick to the Washington Capitals for Michal Neuvirth and Rostislav Klesla at the trade deadline.

On May 1, 2014, when he became a pending unrestricted free agent, his rights were traded by the Capitals to the New York Islanders for a 4th round pick in the 2014 Entry Draft. On May 22, 2014, the Islanders signed him to a four-year contract worth $18 million.

Michael McCarty

Michael McCarty (September 7, 1946 – September 26, 2014) was an American movie, television, and stage actor. He was known for his roles in "Casper" (1995), "Dead Man" (1995), and in "The Legend of Bagger Vance" (2000). He was born in Evansville, Indiana.

McCarty died in Santa Barbara, California from heart failure after traveling there for a stage production. He was 68 years old.

Sam Hall (writer)

Sam Hall (born Allison Samuel Hall, March 11, 1921 – September 26, 2014) was an American screenwriter. He is known for his work in daytime soap operas. He wrote for "Dark Shadows" (from 1967-1971) and "One Life to Live" (from 1978–84). Hall was born in Carrollton, Ohio.

Hall is married to actress Grayson Hall. She was nominated for an Academy Award. She appeared on both daytime shows. She was Dr. Julia Hoffman on "Dark Shadows". She played Euphemia Ralston on "One Life to Live".

Sam Hall died on September 26, 2014 after a short illness of pneumonia. He was 93 when he died.

Mario Maurer

Mario Maurer (, , born December 4, 1988) is a Thai model and actor. He started modeling at age 16. He got fame for his acting in the 2007 film, "The Love of Siam" and the 2010 sleeper hit, "First Love". He was the lead star of Thailand's highest grossing movie of all time.

Maurer's interests include skateboarding, hip-hop, and cars. He is of Thai Chinese and German descent. He cannot speak German. He only understands some Mandarin. He is a native speaker of Thai. He speaks English well. He converted to Roman Catholicism from Buddhism. On June 27, 2011, his father Roland died of a heart attack resulting from diabetes. He is close to his older brother. His brother is a hip-hop artist and actor. He was in a relationship with actress Gubgib Sumontip. They ended their nine year relationship in January 2013.

Colisée Pepsi

The Colisée Pepsi (English: Pepsi Coliseum), formerly the Colisée de Québec (English: Quebec Coliseum) was a multi-purpose arena in Quebec City, Quebec. The arena opened on December 8, 1949, and was formerly home to the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). It was also the home of the Quebec Nordiques of the World Hockey Association (WHA) and National Hockey League (NHL) from 1972 until 1995 when they relocated to Denver, Colorado to become the Avalanche.

The 1971 Memorial Cup championship series was hosted at the arena and saw the Remparts defeat the Edmonton Oil Kings two games to none. The first game of the 1974 Summit Series between the Canadian WHA all-stars and the Soviet national team was held at the Coliseum, as well as one game in each of the 1976 and 1991 Canada Cups. 


Takako Doi

Doi was born in Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture. She graduated from Doshisha University, where she studied law.

Doi died from pneumonia on 20 September 2014 in Hyōgo Prefecture, aged 85.


Jackie Cain

Jacqueline Ruth "Jackie" Cain (May 22, 1928 – September 15, 2014) was an American jazz vocalist. She known for being one half of the Jackie and Roy duo with her husband Roy Kral for over fifty years. The group was active from 1946 until Kral's death in 2002. The released a around 35 albums between 1949 and 1999. The group was described as "the most famous vocal duo in jazz history" by Douglas Martin of "The New York Times".

Cain was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. She married Kral in 1949. They had two daughters: Niki, who died in a car accident in 1973, and Dana.

Cain died from stroke-related problems on September 15, 2014 in Montclair, New Jersey. She was 86.


Petr Skoumal

Petr Skoumal (7 March 1938 – 28 September 2014) was a Czech musician and composer. He was best known for composing for many movies and television shows. He started his career in 1971 and his last credit was in 2013. He worked on animation shorts such as "Pat & Mat" and "Maxipes Fík".

Skoumal was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia. He was the son of translator Aloys Skoumal.

Skoumal died after a long illness on 28 September 2014 in Prague. He was 76.

Hamish McHamish

Hamish McHamish (1999 – 11 September 2014) was a Scottish celebrity ginger cat. The cat lived in the town of St Andrews, Fife, where he was an icon. He came to national and international fame after the book "Hamish McHamish of St Andrews: Cool Cat About Town" was published. The cat was owned by Marianne Baird, a retired BBC producer. He had a Facebook and Twitter page, where he gathered tens of thousands of follows.

Hamish McHamish died from a chest infection on 11 September 2014 in St Andrews. He was 15.


Montserrat Abelló i Soler

Montserrat Abelló i Soler (1 February 1918 – 9 September 2014) was a Spanish Catalan poet and translator. She translated works of literature from English to her native Catalan, and from Catalan into English.

Abelló i Soler was born in Tarragona, in the Province of Tarragona. During the Spanish Civil War, she lived in exile in France, England and Chile.

She translated works by American novelist Sylvia Plath, Welsh novelist Dylan Thomas, English writer E. M. Forster, Irish-born British author Iris Murdoch and Iranian translator Mohsen Emadi

She translated works by writers Salvador Espriu, Mercè Rodoreda, Maria Àngels Anglada, Maria Mercè Marçal and Olga Xirinacs Díaz.

She published works of poetry in Catalan.

In 2002, her poetry was compiled in "Al cor de les paraules: obra poètica 1963-2002" ("In the Heart of Words: Poetic Works 1963-2002"), which in 2003 won several Catalan literary prizes.

She has also contributed to anthologies (collections) of writing and poetry:


Abelló i Soler died on 9 September 2014 in Barcelona, aged 96.


Philip Somerville

Philip Douglas Frank Somerville (12 February 1930 – 14 September 2014) was an English milliner (hat maker). He was best known for making hats for members of the British Royal Family, including Elizabeth II, Diana, Princess of Wales and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge. He also created headgear worn by two James Bond female villains. For his work, he was given a Royal Warrant by the Queen.

Somerville was born in Winchester, Hampshire. He was an actor in Australia with little success. When becoming a milliner, he was partly trained in Auckland, New Zealand.

Somerville died on 14 September 2014 at the age of 84.

Lorna Thomas

Lorna Thomas (1 December 1917 – 17 September 2014) was an Australian female cricket player and team coach. She played from 1936 until 1949. She also coached from 1963 until 1978. She played for Australia against England, New Zealand and many other countries. She later coached Australia with success.

Thomas was born in Sydney, New South Wales. She was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire in the 1970s.

Thomas died from natural causes on 17 September 2014 in Sydney, aged 97.


Diffuse axonal injury

Diffuse axonal injury (often shortened to DAI) is one of the most common forms of traumatic brain injury. In traumatic brain injury, the damage is focused to one area of the brain, in diffuse axonal injury, the damage occurs over a larger area of the brain. DAI mainly damages white matter, which makes it one of the major causes of unconsciousness and persistent vegetative state after head trauma. It occurs in about half of all cases of severe head trauma.

Frequently, people suffering such damage fall into a coma; Over 90 percent of the patients with severe DAI never regain consciousness. Those who do wake up often remain significantly impaired.

Other authors state that DAI can occur in every degree of severity from (very) mild or moderate to (very) severe. Concussion may be a milder type of diffuse axonal injury.

Timecop

Timecop is a 1994 American science fiction action movie. It is about a federal agent who travels in time. Jean-Claude Van Damme plays Max Walker. Mia Sara plays Melissa.

"Timecop" got mixed reviews from critics. It made a lot of money at the box office.

Silent Fall

Silent Fall is a 1994 drama and mystery movie. The movie is about a boy with autism who sees a murder. Linda Hamilton plays Karen. Liv Tyler plays Sylvie Warden. John Lithgow plays Dr. Harlinger.

"Silent Fall" got negative reviews from critics. It became a box office bomb.

Junior (movie)

Junior is a 1994 American comedy movie directed by Ivan Reitman. The movie is about a male scientist who makes himself pregnant as an experiment. 

Arnold Schwarzenegger plays Dr. Alexander "Alex" Hesse, Danny DeVito plays Dr. Larry Arbogast, Emma Thompson plays Dr. Diana Reddin, Pamela Reed plays Angela, and Frank Langella, plays the antagonist Dr. Noah Banes.

This movie was released on November 23, 1994. The reviews were mixed to negative. It made quite a bit of money at the box office.

Jean-Jacques Pauvert

Jean-Jacques Pauvert (8 April 1926 - 27 September 2014) was a French publisher. He was known for publishing the work of the Marquis de Sade in the early 1950s and as the first publisher of the "Story of O" (1954). He also published the first edition of Kenneth Anger's "Hollywood Babylone" (1959). Pauvert was born in Paris.

He have also published the first French edition of the "Civil disobedience" of Henry David Thoreau in 1968.

Pauvert died in Toulon, France, aged 88.

Zhang Xianliang

Zhang Xianliang (; December 1936 – 27 September 2014) was a Chinese author and poet. He was the former president of the China Writer Association in Ningxia. He was a political prisoner during the Anti-Rightist Movement in 1957, until 1979. His most well known works, include "Half of Man is Woman" and "Grass Soup".

Xianliang died in Yinchuan, Ningxia, China, aged 77.


Abdelmajid Lakhal

Abdelmajid Lakhal (November 29, 1939 – September 27, 2014) was a Tunisian theatre and movie actor and theatre director. He was known on Arab Television for acting in many telefilms. He was known for his roles in "Jesus of Nazareth", "Day of the Falcon", and in "Bab'Aziz - The Prince That Contemplated His Soul".

Lakhal died in Tunis, Tunisia, aged 74.

Taylor Hardwick

Taylor Hardwick (July 15, 1925 – September 27, 2014) was an American architect, interior designer, filmmaker, and educator. He designed hundreds of buildings throughout northeast Florida, predominantly in and near the city of Jacksonville.

Hardwick died in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida from cancer, aged 89.


Pamela Reed

Pamela Reed (born April 2, 1949) is an American actress. She acts in both movies and television. In "Kindergarten Cop", she played Phoebe O'Hara; in "Junior", she played Angela (both alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger); and in "The Simpsons", she played Ruth Powers.

Reed was born in Tacoma, Washington.

Adephaga

The Adephaga is a suborder of beetles. There are more than 40,000 recorded species in ten families. This is the second largest suborder of the order Coleoptera.

The beetles of this suborder include ground beetles, tiger beetles, diving beetles, and whirligig beetles. Most of the species belong to the family of carabids, or ground beetles (Carabidae).

The Adephaga is two groups with a common origin. They are the Hydradephaga (water beetles) and the Geadephaga (ground beetles. They are mostly predatory. The first fossils of both groups are found in the Triassic period. The ground beetles have formidable chemical defences. They have special pygidial glands which squirt out hot, burning chemicals. Bombardier beetles are famous for squirting their nasty chemicals at attackers.

Magnitude (astronomy)

The magnitude of a star or other celestial object is a number that measures its brightness. Apparent magnitude () of a celestial object is a number that measures its brightness as seen by an observer on Earth, and absolute magnitude is its actual brightness adjusted for distance. The brighter an object appears, the lower its magnitude value. The Sun, at apparent magnitude of −27, is the brightest object in the sky.

Magnitude is a logarithmic measure. It is measured in a specific wavelength or passband, usually in optical or near-infrared wavelengths. A full moon is −13 magnitude and the brightest planet, Venus, measures −5. The brightest man-made objects, Iridium flares, are ranked at −9 and the International Space Station measures −6.

The Greek astronomer Hipparchus first invented our system of apparent magnitude. He gave the brightest stars a magnitude of 1 and increased the numbers for dimmer stars. About 300 years later Ptolemy of Alexandria made an encyclopedia of stars based on Hipparchus' work. The Persian astronomer Al-Sufi took Ptolemy's work and gave Arabic names to the stars some 800 years later. Medieval European astronomers simply translated Al-Sufi's work into Latin which is why many stars today have Arabic names.

In recent centuries astronomers have been able to measure the distance of stars, and calculate their absolute magnitude.




Alice Drummond

Alice Drummond (May 21, 1928 – November 30, 2016) was an American actress of stage and television. She was known for her roles in "Ghostbusters", "Awakenings", "To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar", "", and in "Doubt".

Drummond was born in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. She died on November 30, 2016 from complications of a fall in The Bronx, New York, aged 88.


Joe Franklin

Joe Franklin (born Joseph Fortgang; March 9, 1926 – January 24, 2015) was an American radio and television host personality from New York City. He is best known for the television talk-and-variety show format that set the standard for television talk shows. 

His show began in 1951 on WJZ-TV (later WABC-TV) and moved to WOR-TV (later WWOR-TV) from 1962 to 1993. He interviewed over 100,000 guests during his 43 year career. 

Franklin died of prostate cancer at a hospice on January 24, 2015 at the age of 88. 

Greater Western Sydney Giants

The Greater Western Sydney Giants (nicknamed the GWS Giants or just the Giants) is an Australian Rules Football club. It plays in the Australian Football League. The club was founded in 2009. It is based in Greater Western Sydney.

<poem>
"Well there's a big, big sound"
"From the West of the town"
"It's the sound of the mighty Giants!"
"You feel the ground a-shaking!"
"The other teams are quaking"
"In their boots before the Giants!"

"We take the longest strides"
"And the highest leap"
"We're stronger than the rest."
"We're the Greater Western Sydney Giants"
"We're the biggest and the best."
"And we will never surrender"
"We'll fight until the end"
"We're greater than the rest."
</poem>


Nerve plexus

A nerve plexus is a branching network of nerves which serves a part of the body. Nerves which go to and from the central nervous system bunch up in certain places. Between each vertebra is a plexus of nerves going in and coming out of the spinal cord. Another plexus is underneath each arm. That is a plexus of nerves and also blood vessels which serve every part of the arm, hand and fingers. Under the arm is much the safest place to have these things because of the damage they would get if too exposed. This also explains why arteries are deeper under the surface than veins.


Pichal Peri

Pichal Peri or Churail or Churel (Urdu:meaning, with reversed 
feet) is a sort of legendary witch or monster type creature in Central Asian and 
South Asian folklore. 

In the Indian-Pakistani folklores, it has two forms, one is of a witch who is very dark, ugly and scary, and another is of a beautiful woman who targets vulnerable men passing through the woods after the dark; they appear and vanish after a while, leaving a fearful experience to the victims. Whereas, some other claims also assert they attack and kill human beings, to eat their livers. Some people say they have seen this creature in reality and have somehow escaped. According to them, it has long hair and long teeth and feet that are reversed (with heel in front and toes turned back). 

However, there is no real proof that this creature really exists.

Ahmad Hasan Dani

Professor Dr Ahmad Hasan Dani (1920-2009) was a famous Pakistani scholar, archaeologist and historian. 

He did a lot of research and study on North Pakistan. He was an expert on the culture of South Asia and Central Asia. 

Coroner

A coroner is a government official. It is their job to confirm the death of any person in any area of a country. The coroner also gives a certificate to say that a person has died in some place, on some date, due to some reason. 

Colby Rasmus

Colby Rasmus (born August 11 1986) is a major league baseball player for the Toronto Blue Jays.

Fried dough

Fried dough is a sugary snack usually sold at ballgames. It is usually served warm.

Alpine lake

Alpine lakes are lakes or reservoirs at high altitudes, usually over 5,000 feet (1524 metres) above sea level, or above the tree line.

Alpine lakes are usually clearer than lower lakes because the cold water reduces the speed and amount of algae and moss growing in the water. Often the lakes are surrounded by varieties of pine trees, aspens, and other high altitude trees.

Yellowstone Lake is an alpine lake, and so is Lake Baikal.

Every Witch Way

Every Witch Way is an American fantasy, comedy and drama telenovela. It stars Paola Andino, Nick Merico, Paris Smith, Rahart Adams and Daniela Nieves. It is broadcast by Nickelodeon. It is the American version of the Latin American telenovela "Grachi". The telenovela was first broadcast on January 1, 2014.

The series is about 14-year-old Emma Alonso. After moving to Miami, she discovers that she is "The Chosen One", the most powerfull witch. She fells in love with her neighbor Daniel (Nick Merico). She meets Daniel's girlfriend, Maddie (Paris Smith), is also a witch, but a bad one. Maddie is most popular girl at Iridium High School and the leader of "The Panthers". Emma will have to go through many problems now with her new life to live happy.

Now that she is the only chosen one,Emma stands more for herself. A new guy named Jax that is wizard moves to town and causes drama. Daniel breaks up with Emma because she lied to him about her powers.Her evil clone,E causes trouble and Emma has to destroy her. At the end she comes back with Daniel.

A new student at Iridium High School. She is a witch and uses her magical powers responsibly. She is in love with Daniel.In Season 2 makes a clone that meses it up.Later is with Jax but then 
gets back with Daniel and kisses.
He is a star in Iridium High. He's smart, athletic, and very popular, but also very humble. He is also the captain of the "Sharks".In Season 2 get jealous about Jax but then gets back with Emma.
She is the ex-girlfriend of Daniel, and is also the most popular girl in Iridium High School. Is an mean witch and the enemy of Emma.In Season 2 she is nicer cause shes dating Diego.
The new guy in Season 2,he is a wizard and likes Emma.
The new girl (S3),she is a kanay who simillar to a witch so wants revenge and kisses Daniel.
A kanay and Member of "The Sharks". He starts dating Maddie in Season 2.


<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

Tinsel Korey

Tinsel Korey (born March 25, 1980) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for playing Emily Young in the Twilight Saga movies "New Moon" and "Eclipse". She played Jen in "Tru Calling".

She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Rachel Nichols (actress)

Rachel Emily Nichols (born January 8, 1980) is an American actress and model. She played Alexa in "Sex and the City". She also played Ashley Seaver in "Criminal Minds".

She was born in Augusta, Maine.

Three Chord Country and American Rock &amp; Roll

Three Chord Country and American Rock & Roll is the first studio album by Keith Anderson. The album was released on May 3, 2005. It was first and only studio album from the label Arista Nashville.

Moonlight and Valentino

Moonlight and Valentino is a comedy and drama movie from 1995. Elizabeth Perkins plays Rebecca. Whoopi Goldberg plays Sylvie. Kathleen Turner plays Alberta. Gwyneth Paltrow plays Lucy.

This movie got mostly bad reviews from critics.

First Battle of the Masurian Lakes

The First Battle of the Masurian Lakes was a German offensive on the Eastern Front during the early part of World War I. It started on 7 September and ended on 14 September 1914. The battle was the second heavy defeat of a Russian army by the Germans. The first defeat was at the Battle of Tannenberg. At Masurian Lakes the Germans pushed the Russian 1st Army back out of Germany. They could not push the Russians back further because of the arrival of the Russian Tenth Army on the Germans' left flank (side). The Russians suffered a defeat and retreated losing about 125,000 men and 150 guns.

Paul von Hindenburg, general of the German Eighth Army, knew the swampy area of East Prussia called the Masurian Lakes. He thought the Russians might attack there so he made plans in case of such an attack. At this time of the war, the Germans knew what the Russians were planning because they could read their messages. The Russians planned their attack on East Prussia with little intelligence of the area. They had no rail transport to move troops. They failed to plan for enough food and ammunition and moved only with horses and infantry. But they had superior numbers and were confident they could defeat the Germans.

When the two Russian armies first moved into East Prussia to form a pincer attack, Hindenburg completely defeated the Russian Second Army at the Battle of Tannenberg in August 1914. There the German victory came when German general Hermann von François disobeyed orders and attacked the Russian flank. Hindenburg then turned his army north to attack the Russian First Army at the Masurian Lakes in September. François played a major part in this second victory when his First Corps forced back the Russian flank. Under their general, Paul von Rennenkampf, the Russians dug in. He made use of the lakes, rivers and other natural obstacles. Hindenburg used frontal attacks to hold the Russians while his armies tried to surround the Russian trenches. Using a counterattack to hide his movements, Rennenkampf moved his army back to prevent them being surrounded. Over a period of several days the Russian army lost ground. The Russians fought hard but were driven back to the Russian border. Rennenkampf kept his troops in good order as they retreated.

The loss of 125,000 soldiers did little damage to the 800,00 -man Russian Army. But it also meant a loss of about 150 artillery cannons. At the time these were very valuable for the old Russian army. The Germans also had heavy casualties. This showed the German advantage of their modern rail system for supplying and arming their soldiers. But, the push made by the Germans into Russia caused their defeat at the Battle of Augustov. The victories at Tannenberg and Masurian Lakes made Hindenburg a hero in Germany. As a result of his fame, in 1916 he became Chief of the German Staff.


Michael Lonsdale

Michael Lonsdale (24 May 1931 – 21 September 2020), also billed sometimes as Michel Lonsdale, was a French actor. He has appeared in over 180 movies and television shows.

He was born in Paris and he was raised by a French mother and English father. He first appeared on stage as an actor at the age of 24.

Lonsdale was probably best known in the English-speaking world for his portrayal of the villain Sir Hugo Drax in the 1979 James Bond movie, "Moonraker", the French detective Lebel in "The Day of the Jackal", and as M. Dupont d'Ivry in "The Remains of the Day".

On 25 February 2011, Lonsdale won his first César Award as a best supporting actor for his portrayal of Luc in "Of Gods and Men".

Lonsdale died on 21 September 2020, aged 89 in Paris.

Argument from morality

An argument from morality is an argument for the existence of God. Also called moral arguments, most are apologetic arguments. They argue there is a moral order in the universe and so there must be a God said the German philosopher Marc Nickl. The German philosopher Marc Nickl devised an argument from morality based on reason. Kant argued that the goal of humanity is to achieve perfect happiness and virtue. Further, that an afterlife must exist in order for this to be possible, and that God must exist to provide this. 

Eric Newby

Eric Newby (1919-2006) was an English writer and traveler.

He traveled to many parts of Europe, South Asia and Central Asia. He is best known for his famous and very enjoyable books like "The Last Grain of Rice" (1956), "A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush" (1958), "Slowly down the Ganges" (1966), "Love and War in the Appenines" (1971), "A Small Place in Italy" (1994). 

Mian Mir Sahib

Hazrat Mian Mir Muhammad Sahib, or Mian Mir Sahib, (1550-1635) was a famous Sufi saint of the Qadiri order. He lived most of his life in Lahore (then in Mughal India and now in Pakistan).

Mian Mir Sahib was specially famous for having been the teacher of a Mughal prince, Dara Shikoh, and for having taught and helped many Sikh Gurus. He was a very loving and tolerant person.

Deaths in October 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in October 2014. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Luis Nishizawa

Luis Nishizawa (February 2, 1918 – September 29, 2014) was a Mexican artist. He was known for his landscape work and murals. He began training as an artist in 1942 at the height of the Mexican muralism movement but studied other painting styles as well as Japanese art. In addition to painting canvases and murals, he was a professor of fine arts at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México. Nihizawa was born in Cuautitlán, Mexico.

Nishizawa died in Mexico City, Mexico from natural causes, aged 96.


George Shuba

George "Shotgun" Shuba (December 13, 1924 – September 29, 2014) was an American baseball player. He was an outfielder. He was a left-handed pinch hitter in Major League Baseball. Shuba played seven seasons for the Brooklyn Dodgers. 

His seven seasons included three World Series as well as a World Series championship in 1955. He was the first National League player to hit a pinch-hit home run in a World Series game.

Shuba is often remembered for his symbolic role in breaking down Major League Baseball's tenacious "color barrier". He was born in Youngstown, Ohio.

While playing for a farm team in the 1940s, Shuba offered a congratulatory handshake to teammate Jackie Robinson, who went on to become the first African American to play in a major league game since the late 19th century. The moment was captured in a well-known photograph dubbed "A Handshake for the Century" for featuring the first interracial handshake in a professional baseball game.

Shuba died on September 29, 2014, at age 89 in Youngstown, Ohio. He was the last living Brooklyn Dodger who appeared in the final game of the 1955 World Series, the only one won by the Dodgers in their Brooklyn history.


Miguel Boyer

Miguel Boyer Salvador (5 February 1939 – 29 September 2014) was a French-born Spanish economist and politician. He served as the Minister of Economy, Treasury and Commerce. He served as minister from 1982 to 1985.

Boyer died of a pulmonary embolism after being admitted to the Ruber International Hospital in Madrid on 29 September 2014. He was 75.

Iftikhar Hussain Ansari

Molvi Iftikhar Hussain Ansari (Kashmiri: मौलवी इफ्तिखार हुसैन अंसारी , مولوی افتخار حسین ااری ) (26 April 1940 – 30 September 2014) was a Kashmiri Shia cleric, politician and a businessman. He succeeded his father Molvi Muhammad Jawad Ansari as president of All Jammu and Kashmir Shia Association in Jammu & Kashmir in 1962.

He was a sitting member of Jammu and Kashmir's Legislative Assembly for the Jammu and Kashmir People's Democratic Party. He was earlier a member of National Conference and Congress. He was also a business tycoon with interest in car dealerships.

On morning of 30 September 2014, Iftikhar Hussain died of due to cirrhosis, aged 74.

Peter Regin

Peter Regin Jensen (born April 16, 1986) is a Danish professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Ottawa Senators and New York Islanders. Aside from the NHL, Regin has also played in the Oddset Ligaen with Herning Blue Fox and in the Elitserien with Timrå IK.

Before playing in the NHL, Regin played 3 seasons with the Herning Blue Fox in the Oddset Ligaen. During his time there, he was named the Rookie of the Year in 2004. He was drafted with the 87th overall pick by the Ottawa Senators in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. Before playing with the Senators, Regin decided to play another season with Herning and joined Timrå IK in the Elitserien in 2005. He played 3 seasons with them and increased both his goal and point production in each season that he was there.

On June 2, 2008, he signed a multi-year entry-level contract with Ottawa Senators and was assigned to their AHL-affiliate, the Binghamton Senators.

On January 20, 2009, Regin was called up and made his NHL debut in a 3-2 win against the Washington Capitals. He was sent back down to Binghamton the next day. On January 29, 2009, Regin played in his third NHL game and scored his first NHL goal, a game winner, against Chris Mason of the St. Louis Blues. On July 29, 2010, the Senators resigned Regin to a two-year, $2 million contract extension. On February 19, 2011, in a game against the Toronto Maple Leafs, Regin suffered a dislocated shoulder after being pushed into the boards by Toronto's Joey Crabb and needed season-ending surgery. On April 5, 2012, Regin was re-signed to a one-year, one-way contract by the Senators.

On July 5, 2013, Regin signed a 1-year deal with the New York Islanders.
He played a season with them and was traded along with Pierre-Marc Bouchard to the Chicago Blackhawks for a 2014 fourth-round draft pick on February 6, 2014. The Blackhawks re-signed Regin to a one-year contract on July 1, 2014.

Mr. Wrong

Mr. Wrong is a 1996 romantic comedy movie. The movie is about murder and marriage to the wrong person. Ellen DeGeneres plays Martha. Joan Cusack plays Inga. Joan Plowright plays Mrs. Crawford. Robert Goulet plays Braxton. 

Critics did not like this movie. It became a box office bomb.

The Truth About Cats &amp; Dogs

The Truth about Cats & Dogs is a 1996 romantic comedy movie. The movie is about two women dating the same man. Janeane Garofalo plays Abby Barnes. Uma Thurman plays Noelle Slusarsky.

This movie got positive reviews from critics. It earned back its budget.

The Rock

The Rock is a 1996 action-adventure movie. The movie is about events taking place on Alcatraz Island. Sean Connery plays John Patrick Mason. Nicolas Cage plays Stanley Goodspeed. 

"The Rock" received positive reviews from the critics. It was a box office hit.

Aurel Stein

Sir Mark Aurel Stein or Aurel Stein (1862-1943), FRAS, was a British-Hungarian archaeologist and explorer. He traveled to many parts of South Asia and Central Asia to discover ancient cultures and their remains.

Aurel Stein discovered 5 letters written in Sogdian known as the "Ancient Letters" in an abandoned watchtower near Dunhuang in 1907. One of them was written by a Sogdian woman named Miwnay who had a daughters named Shayn and she wrote to her mother Chatis in Sogdia. Miwnay and her daughter were abandoned in China by Nanai-dhat, her husband who was also Sogdian like her. Nanai-dhat refused to help Miwnay and their daughter after forcing them to come with him to Dunhuang and then abandoning them, telling them they should serve the Han Chinese. Miwnay asked one of her husband's relative Artivan and then asked another Sogdian man, Farnkhund to help them but they also abandoned them. Miwnay and her daughter Shayn were then forced to became servants of Han Chinese after living on charity from a priest. Miwnay cursed her Sogdian husband for leaving her, saying she would rather have been married to a pig or dog. Another letter in the collection was written by the Sogdian Nanai-vandak addressed to Sogdians back home in Samarkand informing them about a mass rebellion by Xiongnu Hun rebels against their Han Chinese rulers of the Western Jin dynasty informing his people that every single one of the diaspora Sogdians and Indians in the Chinese Western Jin capital Luoyang died of starvation due to the uprising by the rebellious Xiongnu, who were formerly subjects of the Han Chinese. The Han Chinese emperor abandoned Luoyang when it came under siege by the Xiongnu rebels and his palace was burned down. Han Chinese men frequently bought Sogdian slave girls for sexual relations.

Aurel Stein discovered 5 letters written in Sogdian known as the "Ancient Letters" in an abandoned watchtower near Dunhuang in 1907. One of them was written by a Sogdian woman named Miwnay who had a daughters named Shayn and she wrote to her mother Chatis in Sogdia. Miwnay and her daughter were abandoned in China by Nanai-dhat, her husband who was also Sogdian like her. Nanai-dhat refused to help Miwnay and their daughter after forcing them to come with him to Dunhuang and then abandoning them, telling them they should serve the Han Chinese. Miwnay asked one of her husband's relative Artivan and then asked another Sogdian man, Farnkhund to help them but they also abandoned them. Miwnay and her daughter Shayn were then forced to became servants of Han Chinese after living on charity from a priest. Miwnay cursed her Sogdian husband for leaving her, saying she would rather have been married to a pig or dog. Another letter in the collection was written by the Sogdian Nanai-vandak addressed to Sogdians back home in Samarkand informing them about a mass rebellion by Xiongnu Hun rebels against their Han Chinese rulers of the Western Jin dynasty informing his people that every single one of the diaspora Sogdians and Indians in the Chinese Western Jin capital Luoyang died of starvation due to the uprising by the rebellious Xiongnu, who were formerly subjects of the Han Chinese. The Han Chinese emperor abandoned Luoyang when it came under siege by the Xiongnu rebels and his palace was burned down. Han Chinese men frequently bought Sogdian slave girls for sexual relations.

He died and was buried in Kabul, Afghanistan.

Rezső Gallai (supercentenarian)

Rezső Gallai (29 January 1904 — 25 September 2014) was an Hungarian supercentenarian. He lived until the age of 110 years, 239 days. Gallai was the oldest living man in Europe, following the death of 111-year old Arturo Licata on 24 April 2014, until his own death on 25 September 2014.

Gallai died on 25 September 2014 in Győr, aged 110. 

Lawrence, Massachusetts

Lawrence is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. It is near the Merrimack River. According to the 2020 U.S. Census, the city had a total population of 89,143.

Jason McGerr

Jason McGerr is the drummer for the alternative rock band Death Cab for Cutie. He is also an instructor at the Seattle Drum School of Music.


National Statuary Hall Collection

The National Statuary Hall Collection in the United States Capitol is a collection of statues donated by individual states to honor people very important in their history. Originally set up in the old Hall of the House of Representatives, renamed National Statuary Hall, the expanding collection has since been spread throughout the Capitol.

With the addition of New Mexico's second statue in 2005, the collection is now complete with 100 statues by each 50 states. Alabama, Arizona, California, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan and Ohio each replaced one of their first two statues a few years after Congress authorized replacements. The most recent state to replace a statue was Ohio, which replaced its statue of William Allen with one of Thomas Edison in September 2016.


USS Constellation (CV-64)

USS "Constellation" (CV-64), is a "Kitty Hawk"–class supercarrier. It was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named in honor of the "new constellation of stars" on the flag of the United States.

It is the only naval vessel ever given the right to display red, white, and blue designation numbers. One of the fastest ships in the Navy, as proven by her victory during a battlegroup race held in 1985. She was nicknamed "Connie" by her crew and officially as "America's Flagship" by President Ronald Reagan.


2014 Hong Kong protests

The 2014 Hong Kong protests, also known as the Umbrella Revolution, were a series of protests in Hong Kong that started on 27 September 2014. They were protesting against the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress' (NPCSC) decision on the proposed electoral reform for the planned 2017 Hong Kong Chief Executive election. The NPCSC would need a nomination committee to pre-approve up to three electoral candidates before they go on to a vote that involves the general population. After the election, the Chief Executive-elect still has to be formally appointed by the central government before they can officially take their post.

The student groups Hong Kong Federation of Students and Scholarism started protesting outside of the government headquarters. During the evening of 26 September several hundred demonstrators broke through a security barrier and entered the plaza in front of the Central Government Complex. The police then closed off and blockaded it overnight. This caused more protesters to join and surround the police. The standoff between the protesters and police lasted for a day, during which the police started attacking unarmed protesters with shields, batons, and pepper spray. The movement Occupy Central with Love and Peace announced that they would start their civil disobedience campaign immediately.

On 28 September at around noon, the protesters moved onto Harcourt Road and went on to occupy Queensway. After a standoff that lasted for several hours, police started using tear gas and water cannons on the crowds and they also threatened to open fire with rubber bullets if they did not leave.


Grosvenor Square

Grosvenor Square is a large garden square in the exclusive Mayfair district of London, England. It is the property of the Duke of Westminster. There is a 9/11 memorial and statues of American presidents like Franklin D. Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan. Grosvenor Square is the location of the American embassy in England.


Richard Bachman

Richard Bachman is a pen name used by horror fiction author Stephen King.

At the beginning of Stephen King's career, the general view among publishers was that an author was limited to one book per year. They thought publishing more would not be seen as good to the public. King wanted to write under another name so he could write more than one book per year. His publisher, Signet Books, agreed to print more books under a pseudonym.

In the start of "The Bachman Books," King said using the "nom de plume" Bachman was to see if his success was due to talent or luck. King said he put out the Bachman books with very little marketing. He did his best to "load the dice against" Bachman. King never found the answer to the "talent versus luck" question. He said he let everyone know that he was Bachman too soon. The Bachman book "Thinner" (1984) sold 28,000 copies during its first printing. When it was told that King wrote the book, the sales went up by ten times. 

The pseudonym King first picked (Gus Pillsbury) is the name of King's mother's grandfather. At the last moment King changed the name to Richard Bachman. Richard is the same as crime author Donald E. Westlake's pseudonym Richard Stark. (The last name Stark "was" later used in King's book "The Dark Half." Bachman was picked from Bachman–Turner Overdrive, a rock and roll band King was listening to at the time his publisher asked him to choose a pseudonym on the spot.

King dedicated Bachman's early books — "Rage" (1977), "The Long Walk" (1979), "Roadwork" (1981), and "The Running Man" (1982) — to people close to him. The link between King and his shadow writer was found out after a Washington, D.C. bookstore clerk, Steve Brown, noted things that seemed the same between the writing styles of King and Bachman. Brown located publisher's records at the Library of Congress which included a document naming King as the author of one of Bachman's novels. Brown wrote to King's publishers with a copy of the papers he found. He asked them what to do. Two weeks later, King telephoned Brown himself. King told Brown that he should write an article about how he found the truth. King let Brown interview him. At the time of the announcement in 1985, King was working on "Misery," which he was going to put out as a Bachman book.

In 1987, the Bachman novel "The Running Man" gave the idea for the Paul Glaser movie of the same name. King did not want his name to be on the credits. The screen credit for the movie went to Richard Bachman.

King used the "relationship" between himself and Bachman as a theme in his 1989 book "The Dark Half." In the book a writer's darker pseudonym takes on a life of its own. King dedicated "The Dark Half" to "the late Richard Bachman." There were plans to make the book a collaboration between the two, but this was later thrown out.

In 1996, Bachman's "The Regulators" came out, with the publishers saying the book's manuscript was found among Bachman's leftover papers by his widow. It was released as a companion novel with King's "Desperation"; the two novels took place in different universes but featured many of the same characters. The two book covers were designed to be placed together to form a single picture. In the foreword by King included with "Desperation" he said that there may be another Bachman novel left to be "found."

The next Bachman book to be 'discovered' was "Blaze." "Blaze" was an unpublished novel that King wrote before "Carrie" or the creation of Richard Bachman. For its publication King rewrote, edited, and updated the entire book. It was published in 2007 under the Bachman pseudonym, with a foreword by King under his own name.

King has taken full ownership of the Bachman name on numerous occasions, as with the republication of the first four Bachman titles as "The Bachman Books: Four Early Novels by Stephen King" in 1985. The introduction, titled "Why I Was Bachman," details the whole Bachman/King story. (In 1996, the collection was reissued with a new King essay, "The Importance of Being Bachman.")

Richard Bachman was also referred to in Stephen King's "The Dark Tower" series of books. In the fifth book, "," the scary children's book "Charlie the Choo Choo" is said to be written by "Claudia y Inez Bachman." The spelling discrepancy of the added 'y' was later explained as a deus ex machina on the part of "The White" (a force of good throughout King's "Tower" series) to bring the total number of letters in her name to nineteen, a number prominent in King's series. In the next novel of the series, "," Stephen King briefly discusses his Richard Bachman pseudonym.

After the Heath High School shooting, King announced that he would allow "Rage" to go out of print. He feared that it might inspire similar tragedies. "Rage" for a time continued to be available in the United Kingdom in "The Bachman Books" collection. Now the collection no longer has "Rage". In a footnote to the preface of "Blaze," dated 30 January 2007, King wrote of "Rage": "Now out of print, and a good thing." King's other Bachman novels are available in the US in separate volumes.

In 2010, King appeared on the FX television show "Sons of Anarchy" in a cameo appearance. His character, named Bachman, did contract work quietly getting rid of dead bodies.

In issue 29 of the comic adaptation of "The Stand", Richard Bachman appears as one of the top lieutenants of Randall Flagg. He replaced the character of Whitney Horgan from the original book. He is drawn to look like King.

In the 2013 "Grimm" episode "Nameless", Richard Bachman, being a pseudonym of Stephen King, was a plot point. King's novel, "Rage", had its title page used as a prop for the killer to write a note to the police.


King wrote a short story, "The Fifth Quarter", under the pseudonym "John Swithen" (the name of a character in the book "Carrie"), that was published in "Cavalier" magazine April 1972. The story was later reprinted in King's collection "Nightmares & Dreamscapes" in 1993 under his own name. In the introduction to the Bachman novel "Blaze", King claims, with tongue-in-cheek, that "Bachman" was the person using the Swithen pseudonym .

Shlomo Lahat

Shlomo Lahat (9 September 1927 – 1 October 2014) was an Israeli general and politician. He served as Mayor of Tel Aviv from 1974 until 1993. He was a member of Likud.

Lahat was born in Berlin, Germany. He and his family moved to Israel in 1933 during the Nazi uprising. During his final years, Lahat had Alzheimer's disease.

Lahat died from a lung infection on 1 October 2014 in Tel Aviv. He was 86.

Bhaati Gate

The Bhaati Gate is one of the 12 old gates of Lahore's walled city, now in Pakistan. It dates from Mughal times. 

The Bhaati Gate was named after the Bhatti tribe of Rajputs who used to live here in large numbers. It also has an old bazaar, or market called "Bazaar i Hakiman" (Bazaar of the Doctors) where traditional doctors or medical experts, used to help sick people. Another famous place here is the Fakir Khana Museum, made by the Fakir Family.

For a long time, the Bhaati Gate area was also the 'literary home' to many famous writers, living here. These included Maulana Muhammad Hussain Azad (a student of Mirza Ghalib), Pakistan's national poet Allama Muhammad Iqbal, Hakim Ahmad Shuja, Syed Imtiaz Ali Taj, Agha Hashr and others.

Bhaati area also has many other old buildings and shops etc., that are of interest to tourists.

Bhatti

The Bhatti () are a Muslim & Hindu tribal conferedency in India , Pakistan & Afghanistan. They are subclan of many castes such as Rajputs, Ahirs, Jats, Gujjars and Sammas. All of them are said to be descended from the lineage of Jadam Aheers.

Riding habit

A riding habit is a suit of clothing worn by women when they ride horses. It includes a jacket, a long skirt, a shirt, and a hat. The rider also wears boots, a necktie, and gloves. Riding habits were first worn in the 18th century.

Naturalism (literature)

Naturalism was a 19th century literary movement. It was a development of the realism movement. Realism attempted to show subjects as they actually were, honestly and naturally. Naturalism added scientific elements such as environment and heredity to fictional characters. Unlike realism, naturalism used characters who were of the lower classes. It was also known for themes including taboo and violence. Émile Zola was the best-known writer of the literary school of naturalism. He was joined by other writers such as Gustave Flaubert, and Alphonse Daudet.


Moose Pond

Moose Pond is a pond in the U.S. state of Maine.

Acidophile

An acidophile is an extremophile organism which thrives in extremely acidic conditions. What "acidic" usually means here is environments at pH 2.0 or below. These organisms can be found in different branches of the tree of life, including Archaea, Bacteria, and a few eukaryotes.

Inside the organisms, their cells are at a normal pH. They have evolved mechanisms which pump protons (H) out of the intracellular space in order to keep the cytoplasm at or near neutral pH. 

Alkaliphile

An alkaliphile is an organism that lives and grows well in extremely alkaline conditions that are harmful to most life on Earth. To be considered an alkaliphile, the organism must have optimal growth in environments with a pH level of 9.0 or above.

Surviving and growing in an environment that has a high pH level is very difficult. Many processes in the cell are blocked by high pH levels. Alkaline conditions change DNA, and make the plasma membrane of the cell unstable. Alkaliphiles have two basic methods of dealing with these problems: Either they have a way of making the environment more acidic, or they have adapted the cellular processes, so that they work best in highly alkaline conditions. To find out which of the two mechanisms a specific organism uses, experiments are needed.

Jonny Gomes

Jonny Gomes (born November 22, 1980) is an American former professional baseball outfielder. He played for the Tampa Bay Devil Rays/Rays, Cincinnati Reds, Washington Nationals, Oakland Athletics, Boston Red Sox, Atlanta Braves, and Kansas City Royals.


Jerrie Mock

Jerrie Mock (November 22, 1925 – September 30, 2014) was the first woman who flew around the world by herself. She did so in 1964. She flew a single engine Cessna 180. It was named "Spirit of Columbus" and nicknamed "Charlie". The trip began on March 19, 1964 in Columbus, Ohio. It ended on April 17, 1964, also in Columbus. The trip took 29 days.

Mock was born in Newark, Ohio. She was found dead in Quincy, Florida.

Mock flew around the world before Amelia Earhart and by herself.

Counterattack

A counterattack is a tactic used in response to an attack. The modern term became popular in "war games". The purpose is to neutralize or stop the advantage gained by an enemy during an attack. At the same time it is used to regain lost ground or destroy the attacking enemy. A counterattack depends on surprise, speed, and doing what the enemy does not expect. To be most effective it needs to be launched before an enemy has time to get organized and has not yet strengthened his new position. The Chinese general and strategist Sun Tzu (544 BC – 496 BC) is the earliest writer who mentioned the advantages of a bold counterattack.

Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi

Ibrahim Awwad (), known by his pseudonym Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi (; 28 July 1971 – 26 October 2019) was an Iraqi terrorist and politician. He was leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant from 2013 to 2019. His followers in the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) call him their caliph. On 4 October 2011, the US State Department listed al-Baghdadi as a Specially Designated Global Terrorist, and announced a reward of up to US$10 million for information leading to his capture or death. His father was Awwad Ibrahim, a religious cleric. The family belonged to al-Badri tribe.

On 11 July 2017, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights was quoted by "Reuters" and "AFP" as saying that it had "confirmed information" that al-Baghdadi has been killed by a Russian airstrike in Syria sometime in June 2017 at the either age of 45.

However, on 28 September 2017, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant released a 46-minute audio recording of al-Baghdadi in which he refers to events that had happened since the death rumors, including North Korean threats against Japan and United States and the recapture of Mosul by U.S. backed Iraqi forces in July.

On 26 October 2019, Baghdadi killed himself by detonating a bomb on his chest during a United States special operations raid in Syria's northwestern Idlib province in a village called Barisha. This is confirmed by US President Donald Trump at 9am EST (1300 GMT).

Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurashi replaced him as the leader of ISIS.

 

Sacrifice (2009)

Sacrifice (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on May 24, 2009 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the fifth Sacrifice event that TNA held.

There were eight matches on the card. The main event was known as the Four Way Ultimate Sacrifice match, which was between TNA World Heavyweight Champion, Mick Foley, against Sting, Kurt Angle, and Jeff Jarrett. Each of the competitors in the match wagered an important aspect of their career: Foley's title, Sting's career, Angle's leadership of the Main Event Mafia, and Jarrett's shares in the company. Two other important matches saw A.J. Styles retaining the TNA Legends Championship against Booker T in an "I Quit" match and Beer Money, Inc. defeating The British Invasion to win the "Team 3D Invitational Tag Team Tournament".

Sacrifice gained positive reviews. Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter thought that the show, "overachieved". Melzer gave attention to the "Team 3D Invitational Tag Team Tournament" finals match and the "I Quit" match. The only thing he criticized was some of the illogical booking tactics that were made by the company. James Caldwell of the Pro Wrestling Torch also gave the event a good review but criticized the show in a number of spots, mainly the "I Quit" match: "Best match of the PPV until the finish with Sharmell-Jenna continuing their feud on PPV TV. Keep it on free TV (if TNA is so adamant about continuing this), but don't put that dumb storyline on pay TV. As usual, TNA tries to find a way out of a stipulation. Sucks to rant on that, because the match was awesome and one of Booker's best performances in years."


Pincer movement

The pincer movement, or double envelopment, is a tactic in which forces attack both flanks (sides) of an enemy formation at the same time. The pincer movement can be used when opposing forces towards the center of an army. That army responds by moving its outside forces to the enemy's flanks to surround it. At the same time, a second layer of pincers may attack on the more distant flanks to cut off the enemy .

A full pincer movement leads to the attacking army facing the enemy in front, on both flanks, and in the rear. If attacking pincers link up in the enemy's rear, the enemy is . Such battles often end in surrender or destruction of the enemy force. The encircled force can try to break out or counterattack. A successful flanking maneuver can be difficult to accomplish.

Sun Tzu, in "The Art of War", talked about the maneuver. But he made the point to leave a surrounded enemy an escape route. Otherwise, faced with death, a surrounded enemy would fight much harder. This advice seems to have been followed by General George Patton when his sweeping pincer movement trapped the German army in the Falaise pocket in August 1944.








Sidesaddle

Riding sidesaddle is a type of horseback riding. Sidesaddle riding uses a special saddle. This saddle allows the rider to sit 'aside' rather than 'astride' a horse. Astride means the rider's legs are opened with one leg on each side of the horse. In sidesaddle, the rider's legs are basically closed and both legs are on the same side of the horse. Girls and women mostly ride sidesaddle. Riding sidesaddle allows them to use a modest posture while showing off their nicest riding habits. There are two categories for competition, Junior and Senior classes.

Women sitting aside a horse to ride began in ancient history. It later became popular in European countries in the Middle Ages. This gave women wearing skirts a way to ride a horse in a modest way while also wearing their fancy clothes. It is still popular with some modern riders.

Battle of Valverde

The Battle of Valverde was an American Civil War battle fought from February 20 to February 21, 1862. It was fought near the present day town of Valverde, New Mexico. This town was at a ford across the Rio Grande river in what was at the time Confederate Arizona. The battle was a major success in the New Mexico campaign of the Southern states. The Confederate cavalry from Texas and several companies of Arizona militia fought Union Army regulars and Union volunteers from northern New Mexico and Colorado. Colonel Kit Carson commanded the 1st New Mexico (Union) Infantry.

Characterization

Characterization is the idea of making characters for a narrative. It is a literary element and may be used in dramatic works of art or everyday conversation. Characters can be shown by description. They can also be shown through their speech, thoughts, or actions.


Literary element

A literary element is a part of books and stories of narrative fiction. It is kind of verbal storytelling. It can be found in any written or spoken narrative. This is different than literary techniques. For example, plot, theme, and tone are literary elements. Figurative language, irony, or foreshadowing are literary techniques.

Literary elements help in the discussion and understanding of a work of literature as basic categories of critical analysis; literary elements could be said to be made by the readers of a work just as much as they are produced by its author. They are a kind of literary education at the primary and secondary level. A set of terms often appear in a school's student evaluations. For example, the New York State Comprehensive English Regents Examinations make students use and talk about literary elements relating to works in each of the two essays.

Narrative

A narrative is a literary term for the events that make up a story. It is the way the events connect and make up the plot of a story or book.

A narrative reports connected events, presented to the person reading or listener in a sequence of written or spoken words.

A common term for narrative is plot. The study on structure in narratives is called narratology.

TNA Unbreakable

Unbreakable was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on September 11, 2005 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the first and only Unbreakable event that TNA held and was also the ninth event in TNA's 2005 pay-per-view schedule.

There were nine matches on the card and two pre-show matches. The main event was a Three Way match between then-champion Christopher Daniels, A.J. Styles and Samoa Joe. Styles ended up winning the match and became the new X Division Champion. Another top card match saw Raven defeat Rhino in a Raven's Rules match for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship.

Unbreakable gained positive reviews. The Three Way TNA X Division Championship match earned a rare 5 star rating from Dave Meltzer which was the first that the promotion had received. Corey David Lacroix of the professional wrestling section of the Canadian Online Explorer rated the show 8 out of 10, and said "TNA's Unbreakable PPV was an astounding buffet of action, catering to the variety of tastes among professional wrestling fans."

Step Up All In

Step Up All In is an American 2014 romantic and musical drama movie. The movie is about a dance crew that are rejected at every audition they go to. The crew decide to leave Los Angeles and come back to Miami. Briana Evigan plays Andie. Alyson Stoner plays Camille.

This movie was released on August 8, 2014. It got mixed reviews from critics. It made more than $86 million in the box office.

Literary technique

A literary technique is any method an author uses to tell their message. This makes it easy to tell them from literary elements, which are mostly found in literature.

Pedro Peña (actor)

Pedro Peña Allén (December 14, 1925 – October 2, 2014) was an Spanish actor. He was known for his roles in "Médico de familia" (1995), "Un paso adelante" (2002) and "Dulce" (2011). He was born in Tordehumos, Spain.

Peña died in Madrid, Spain from Alzheimer's disease, aged 88.

Lynsey de Paul

Lynsey de Paul (11 June 1948 – 1 October 2014) was an English singer-songwriter. She was known for representing the U.K. in the 1977 with Mike Moran on "Rock Bottom" at Eurovision. She was also known for her songs, ""Sugar Me"", "Getting a Drag",""Won't Somebody Dance With Me"", <nowiki>"</nowiki>Ooh I Do", "No Honestly", "My Man and Me", ""Storm In A Teacup"" and ""Sleeping Blue Nights"".

De Paul was born in London, England. She was never married, but was known for being in relationships with Ringo Starr, Roy Wood, James Coburn, Sean Connery, Bill Kenwright, Bernie Taupin, Chas Chandler and Dudley Moore.

De Paul suffered a brain hemorrhage on the morning of 1 October 2014. She died in a London hospital hours later, aged 66.


Losing My Religion

"Losing My Religion" is a 1991 rock song from R.E.M.. The song became R.E.M.'s highest charting song for the United States. It hit #4 on "Billboard" Hot 100. It was nominated for several Grammy Awards. It won two.

The song was released on February 19, 1991.

R.E.M. guitarist Peter Buck wrote the riff and chorus to the song on a mandolin while learning to play it. Buck had just bought the instrument and was recording the music as he practiced. Buck said that "when I listened back to it the next day, there was a bunch of stuff that was really just me learning how to play mandolin, and then there's what became 'Losing My Religion', and then a whole bunch more of me learning to play the mandolin."


Literary term

A literary term is a word that is used in talking or writing about books and stories. They are words used to describe various forms of writing by an author.

Joyride (album)

Joyride is the third studio album by Roxette. The album has the songs "Joyride" and "Fading Like a Flower". "Joyride" hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In June 1991, it became the best selling album in Europe for 2 weeks.

This album was released on March 28, 1991.

Ken Dunek

Ken Dunek (born June 20, 1957) was a professional football player with the Philadelphia Eagles. Dunek went to college at Memphis State (now known as University of Memphis). During college, he played forward on the basketball team. He switched to football his senior year. In 1980, he started playing with the Philadelphia Eagles. Since leaving the Eagles, he has worked as an author and motivational speaker.

Foreshadowing

Foreshadowing or guessing ahead is a literary device by which an author hints what is to come. It is used to avoid disappointment, and sometimes used to arouse readers.


Joyride (song)

"Joyride" is a 1991 song from Roxette. The song is about falling in love.

The single topped the charts in Europe, the United States and Australia. It hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song was released on February 27, 1991.

Frieda Szwillus

Frieda Szwillus (née Hennig; 30 March 1902 – 21 September 2014) was a German supercentenarian. She had been Germany's oldest living person from 22 April 2014 until her death almost 5 months later. She lived to be 112 years old and 175 days.

Szwillus died in Raschau-Markersbach, Saxony, Germany. Szwillus was, at the time of her death, the second oldest German person ever behind Maria Laqua.

Pope Shenouda III of Alexandria

Pope Shenouda III (3 August 1923 – 17 March 2012) was the 117th Pope of Alexandria & Patriarch of the See of St. Mark. His papacy lasted for forty years, four months, and four days from 14 November 1971 until his death on 17 March 2012.

Pope Shenouda III died on 17 March 2012 in Cairo, Egypt from respiratory and kidney failure, aged 88.


Critical analysis

Critical analysis is to examine something that someone has said. It means to study the individual parts of the work.

Theme (narrative)

Theme in writing is what you think is important in a story or narrative. It is the big idea of the work. 

In contemporary literary studies, a theme is how the central topic a text, book, or story is treated. Themes can be divided into two categories: a work's "thematic concept" is what readers "think the work is about" and its "thematic statement" being "what the work says about the subject".

The most common understanding of theme is an idea or point that is central to a story. It can be summed in a single word (e.g. love, death, betrayal). Some examples of themes of this type are conflict between the person and society; getting to adult age; humans in conflict with technology; nostalgia.

A theme may be shown by the actions, words said, or thoughts of a character in a novel. An example of this would be the theme loneliness in John Steinbeck's "Of Mice and Men". Many of the characters are lonely. It may be different from the book's or author's view of the world. From the source we found we can see that the themes can be at a variety of state as the worldwide web


Figurative language

Figurative language is when a writer describes something by comparing it with something else. It is writing that goes from the actual meaning of words at face value to get a special meaning. The figurative meaning is different from the literal meaning. For example, consider the sentence, "When she heard the news, she was over the moon and jumped for joy". The meaning is that she was very happy, but not flying above the Moon nor jumping up and down.
Figurative language is a difference in fields of language analysis. Literal language is about words that do not go away from their meaning. Non-literal or figurative language refers to words, and groups of words, that change the normal meanings of the words. A literal usage is the "normal" meanings of the words. It has the same meaning regardless of the context. The intended meaning is the same as the real meaning of the individual words. Figurative use of language is the use of words or phrases in a manner where the literal meaning of the words is not true or does not make sense. It "implies a non-literal meaning which does make sense or that could be true".

Jack Hills

The Jack Hills are a range of hills in Western Australia. They include the oldest material of terrestrial origin found on Earth. These are zircons which formed about 4.4 billion years ago (bya). The oldest zircon with the most consistent date is closer to 4.35 bya.

This zircon is part of a population of zircons in the metamorphosed conglomerate. They were deposited about 3.060 bya, which is the age of the youngest detrital zircon in the rock. 

The zircons are used in research on the conditions on Earth in the Hadean eon. 

We have samples of rock from the Moon which are older than these zircons. The "Genesis Rock", got from the Moon by astronauts in the Apollo 15 mission, has been dated at 4.46 billion years. This is one of the oldest known rocks on Earth, though it originated on the Moon. During Apollo 16, older rocks were brought back.

The Allan Hills 84001 meteorite was blasted off from Mars by meteorite impact about 4.5 bya, and crystallised 4.091 bya. It arrived on Earth about 13,000 years ago. These figures were got by a number of radiometric dating techniques.

Province of Quebec (1763–1791)

The Province of Quebec was a colony in North America. It was created by Great Britain after the Seven Years' War. Great Britain acquired French Canada by the Treaty of Paris (1763). After a long debate France negotiated to keep the small island of Guadeloupe in the Caribbean. Guadeloupe was rich in sugar. By Britain's Royal Proclamation of 1763, Canada (part of New France) was renamed the Province of Quebec. The province extended from the coast of Labrador on the Atlantic Ocean, southwest through the Saint Lawrence River Valley to the Great Lakes and beyond to the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers. Portions of its southwest (below the Great Lakes) were later ceded to the United States in a later Treaty of Paris (1783) at the conclusion of the American Revolution.

Military intelligence

Military intelligence is information about an enemy or possible enemy. It is information that has first been interpreted and evaluated. It can include the terrain, the weather, and any other information about a theater of operations. Military intelligence gathering has a long history with military studies.

By the time of the Battle of Kadesh in BC Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses II was known to have had court spies. In the biblical Book of Genesis Joseph thought his brothers were Canaanite spies.

The Chinese general and strategist Sun Tzu (544 BC – 496 BC) wrote about the importance of military intelligence. In his book The Art of War he wrote: "If you know both yourself and your enemy you can win a hundred battles without jeopardy." He emphasized the importance of using spies to learn an enemy's strength and what they were doing. He also wrote: "All warfare is based on deception". What he meant was war can even be avoided if you feed your enemy enough bad information. This is also called counterintelligence. Ancient Rome depended heavily on intelligence information to rule it's empire.

When Major General Joseph Hooker took command of the Army of the Potomac he ordered Colonel George H. Sharpe to establish an intelligence unit. In 1863, they established the Bureau of Military Information. The information they gathered was amazingly accurate. They calculated the size of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia within 2% of the actual number. By war's end Sharpe knew more about the Army of Northern Virginia than many Confederate officers. One of the best sources of military information Sharpe's organization had was slaves who used the Underground Railroad to escape the South.

During World War I intelligence became better organized. For the first time Airplanes were used for intelligence gathering. An observer would fly with a pilot and diagram and map battlefields. They would also photograph intelligence targets and count troops. Operators at listening stations reported on enemy communications.

Before the 20th century accurate weather information was not available. Military planners had no data on the climate of their target area. In many cases they didn't even have accurate maps of the area. In 1941, when Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union they did not have any information on how harsh the Russian winters were. They did not have accurate maps of the roads. Between October 1941 and April 1942 the Germans lost between 100,000 and 112, 000 soldiers to frostbite. That is two-thirds of the number of soldiers who were killed in action or missing.

General knowledge of terrain has always been important to military intelligence. But environmental factors sometimes went unnoticed. At the Battle of Agincourt mud was a major factor in the English victory. The extremely muddy ground slowed down the French and made them easy prey for English archers. In the 17th and 18th centuries army quartermasters, in addition to providing supplies, also scouted terrain and planned s the army would take. One of the first major improvements in gaining scientific knowledge of terrain was during the Russo-Japanese War (1904–1905). The Russians used geologists to do a detailed survey of Korea. They also used geologists to advise them in building fortifications.

Having little or no knowledge of terrain has proved costly to many battles in history. During the Pacific War in World War II, the United States forces had little knowledge of the terrain of the many Pacific islands they fought on. After the war, the United States Army Corps of Engineers contracted with the United States Geological Survey to provide detailed geological information on occupied islands.

In addition to intelligence gathering on other countries, terrorism is also a major concern of military intelligence. Intelligence gathering by examining communications signals has been a regular activity of military intelligence. Since 2005 military and other intelligence services have also monitored the Internet.

In some 21st century countries, military intelligence competes with civilian-led intelligence agencies. Often military and civilian intelligence gathering have different goals and objectives. Both gather their own intelligence and do not always share information. New methods of intelligence gathering, such as video imagery, satellites, reconnaissance aircraft and drones, produce tremendous amounts of raw data. Artificial intelligence is used to analyze this data for information.


Casualty (person)

A casualty in military usage is a person in military service, who becomes unavailable for duty due to death or injury. It also includes illness, capture, desertion, etc.; or a civilian casualty.

In civilian usage the word "casualty" is properly used for a person who is killed, wounded or injured by some event. It is usually used to describe multiple deaths and injuries due to violent incidents or disasters. "Casualties" is sometimes loosely used to mean "fatalities", but non-fatal injuries are also casualties.

Bryant Reeves

Bryant Reeves (born June 8, 1973) is an American retired professional basketball player. He played six seasons with the Vancouver Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was nicknamed Big Country by his college teammate Byron Houston after he was amazed through his first cross-country flight over the United States, having grown up in the small town of Gans, Oklahoma.

Reeves played college basketball at the Oklahoma State University–Stillwater with the Cowboys. During his time with the Cowboys, Reeves led the team to the 1995 Final Four and averaged 21.5 points per game as a senior player.

He was selected 6th overall by the Vancouver Grizzlies in the 1996 NBA Draft. He was the Grizzlies' first-ever draft choice. During his six seasons with the Grizzlies, he had averaged 13.3 points per game in his rookie season and he averaged 16.2 points per game in 1997. On July 8, 1997, Reeves was given a six-year, $61.8 million contract extension. Reeves' best season came in 1997-98, when averaged 16.3 points, 7.9 rebounds, 1.08 blocked shots per game, and scored a career-high 41 points against the Boston Celtics.

After 1998, he began suffering from both weight-control problems and injuries. His production numbers had fell off severely. The Grizzlies were still using Reeves as their starting center but both his minutes per game dropped and his field goal percentage had dropped. When the Grizzlies were moved to Memphis in 2001, Reeves had to start the season on the injured list because of continuing back pain and he was never able to play another game after only playing two preseason games with Memphis. Reeves retired from playing professional basketball on January 29, 2002.

Since retiring, Reeves moved back to Gans, Oklahoma where he owns a large cattle ranch just outside of Gans and lives with his wife and three children.


Narratology

Narratology is the study of structure in narratives. The theory of narrative or narratology was developed in the 1960s. Narratology is based on the idea of a common literary language. Narratives are found and told through oral and written language. Narratology has helped to make it easier to understand the how and why of narrative. 


Red shirts

Redshirts or Red coats is the name given to the volunteers who followed Giuseppe Garibaldi. He was an Italian revolutionary who unified Italy by conquering the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies in 1861. 
The name came from the color of their shirts.

Man Against Machine

Man Against Machine is the tenth studio album by Garth Brooks. The album was released on November 11, 2014. It was Brooks' second studio album on his new label Pearl Records. It was his first studio album new material in nine years. Two of the singles, "People Loving People," and "Send 'Em on Down the Road" were released early and made available digitally on Brooks' official website and GhostTunes.com.


Granada Cathedral

Granada Cathedral (also called Cathedral of the Incarnation) is a cathedral in Granada, Spain. It is a Roman Catholic cathedral and is the seat of the Archdiocese of Granada. The site was once the center of Muslim Spain. In 1532 the Archbishop of Granada laid the cornerstone for the cathedral. The cathedral features a large number of paintings by the artist, sculptor and architect Alonso Cano.


Shareef Abdur-Rahim

Shareef Abdur-Rahim (born December 11, 1976) is an American retired professional basketball player. He currently works as the director of player personnel for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and is the general manager of the Reno Bighorns, the Kings' NBA D-League affiliate.

Abdur-Rahim played college basketball at the University of California, Berkeley with the Golden Bears. He was selected 3rd overall by the Vancouver Grizzlies in the 1996 NBA Draft. During his time with the Grizzlies, he became the team's leading scorer and set a franchise record of 18.7 points per game. He averaged 6.9 rebounds and 2.2 assists in 35 minutes per game. He also finished 3rd in balloting for the Schick NBA Rookie of the Year behind the Philadelphia 76ers' Allen Iverson and the Minnesota Timberwolves' Stephon Marbury, and was picked for the All-Rookie First Team. During the next few seasons, Abdur-Rahim was the centerpiece of the Grizzlies team. He improved his performance the following years with 22.3 ppg, 7.1 rpg and 2.6 assists per game (apg) in his sophomore season and 23.0 ppg, 7.5 rpg, and 3.4 apg in the next season. Even through his best effort, the Grizzlies were still at the bottom two spots of the Midwest Division in his first four seasons.

On June 27, 2001, the Grizzlies traded Abdur-Rahim and the 27th overall pick to the Atlanta Hawks for Brevin Knight, Lorenzen Wright and Pau Gasol, the 3rd overall pick in the 2001 NBA Draft. The Hawks finished the 2001–02 season with a 33–49 win-loss record. Abdur-Rahim's performances, which included a career-high 50-point game, earned him a selection to the NBA All-Star game for the season. On December 28, 2002, he became the fifth-youngest player in NBA history to reach 10,000-points with a jump shot against the Washington Wizards. Even though Glenn Robinson, Jason Terry and Abdur-Rahim all combined to average 57.9 ppg and become the highest-scoring trio in the league for the 2002–03 season, the team was unable to make the playoffs again. Abdur-Rahim played in all but one of game for the Hawks.

On February 9, 2004, the Hawks traded Abdur-Rahim along with Theo Ratliff and Dan Dickau to the Portland Trail Blazers for Rasheed Wallace and Wesley Person. At the end of the 2004–05 NBA season, he became a free agent.

During the 2005 off-season, he was traded through a sign and trade agreement (in principle) to the New Jersey Nets for a first-round draft pick. On August 4, 2005, it was revealed that he failed a required physical because of scar tissue found in his knee. The trade was put on hold, pending a second opinion from other medical sources. On August 7, Abdur-Rahim was quoted as saying: "Right now I don't feel I want to be a Net".

On August 12, 2005, Abdur-Rahim signed a free-agent contract with the Sacramento Kings.

During his first season with the Kings, he averaged 16.0 ppg, 6.2 rpg and 3.0 apg as a starter. He shot .543 for field goal percentage, and almost .800 from the free throw line. The Kings were able to qualify for the 2006 playoffs. He made his postseason career debut against the San Antonio Spurs. At the same time, Abdur-Rahim ended a streak of having played the most number of games in NBA history without participating in the post-season.

On September 22, 2008, Abdur-Rahim announced that he was retiring from basketball because of a constant knee injury. The next week, he joined the Kings' coaching staff as an assistant. He was hired as the Kings' assistant general manager on October 7, 2010.


Achraf Baznani

Achraf Baznani (born 1 January 1979) is a Moroccan artist, filmmaker and photographer. He was born in Marrakesh.

Baznani got started in photography by chance. He received a "Kodak Ektra Compact 250" camera for his birthday as a teen. Baznani is self-taught and has never taken photography classes. He has made several short films and documentaries. These include "Walk" in 2006 and "The Forgotten" in 2007. "The Immigrant" in 2007 received several national and international awards.

Baznani is best known for being the first artist in the Arab world to publish a photo-book based on surreal imagery. Both books, "Through My Lens" and "Inside My dreams", are surreal. Baznani places himself within his photographs of everyday objects, scenes and amusing situations.

His works were featured in various magazines worldwide like PicsArt, National Geographic, Mambo, Photo+, Amateur Photographer, Fotografe Melhor, Digital Photo magazine.

During 2014, he completed his "52 Project ", a personal mission which he committed to taking a picture every week in a row for a year.

On April 29th, 2015, Joel Robinson, a Canadian photographer, accused Achraf Baznani of plagiarism. His evidence was a long article, published both on his website and petapixel.com, that the Moroccan photographer used his work in a way that amounted to plagiarism.

Although Robinson did not mention Baznani by name, the nature of the case was said by Robinson to be as follows. Robinson's originals all had a photo of himself in the middle of a graphic design of some kind. In each case, Baznani removed Robinson's image and replaced it with one of himself.

Achraf Baznani has won these awards:








1st Army (Russian Empire)

The Russian First Army was a World War I Russian field army that fought on the Eastern Front for two years. 

It was commanded by General Paul Rennenkampf when Russia invaded East Prussia at the outbreak of war in 1914. They were accompanied by the Second Army commanded by General Alexander Samsonov. The plan was to trap the German army in a Pincer movement between the two armies. On 17 August the First Army engaged the Germans at Stallupönen. They fought the Germans again on 20 August at Gumbinnen and defeated them. Rennenkampf thought the Germans could be finished off by Samsonov's Second Army and did not move quickly enough to help them. In late August 1914 the German and Russian second army met at Tannenberg. The Second Army was and suffered complete destruction.

Let by General Paul von Hindenburg the Germans turned north to attack the Russian First army at First Battle of the Masurian Lakes in September 1914. The Russians fought hard but were driven back to the Russian border. Rennenkampf kept his troops in good order as they retreated. They set up defensive lines on the Russian border.

After another defeat near Silesia on November 11, Rennenkampf was dismissed. He was replaced by General Litvinov. The First Army again fought at Thorn and Lódź but there was no clear cut winner.

The First army evacuated Lódź and returned to their own lines for the remainder of the winter. The First Army served on the Northwestern front for the rest of the war. 

Offensive (military)

An offensive is an aggressive military operation usually aimed at an enemy force. It is also called an attack, an advance or an invasion. An offensive can be conducted on land, at sea or in the air. A common goal of an offensive is to engage the enemy in a battle. It can also be used to get an enemy to withdraw and avoid a battle.

A tactical offensive is an operation that is usually smaller or more limited. It often involves the use of special forces (or specialized forces). It often has a limited task such as the capture of a bridge or stronghold. A strategic offensive usually involves larger forces and usually has long-range goals.

Ewen Gilmour

David Ewen Gilmour ( 1963 – 2 October 2014), commonly known as Ewen Gilmour, was a New Zealand comedian and television presenter. 

Gilmour began his comedy career in 1995. He shared the first Billy T Award with Cal Wilson in 1997. He won the Decade Award - Best Male Comedian - 2000 to 2010 at the 2010 NZ Comedy Guild Awards. In 2012, he returned to the New Zealand International Comedy Festival "for the first time in a couple of years" with a one hour show called "S'Truth".

He has made many appearances on New Zealand television, including Pulp Comedy (1995), Intrepid Journeys - Peru (2003), Celebrity Treasure Island (2003), Dancing with the Stars series one (2005), and Comedy Christmas Cracker (2010). He was the host of the TV3 show "Road Madness", mainly about dangerous driving on New Zealand roads, which first aired in 2012.

On 3 October 2014 it was reported Gilmour died in his sleep, aged 51.


Robert Flower

Robert Flower (5 August 1955 – 2 October 2014) was an Australian rules footballer. He played with Melbourne Football Club. His first game was against Geelong in 1973. He captained the team from 1981 until his final game in 1987. He held the record for the number of games for his club, 272, until overtaken by David Neitz in 2006. Flower was born in Melbourne, Victoria.

Flower died on 2 October 2014, after a short illness.

Kevin Metheny

Kevin Metheny (c. 1954 – October 3, 2014) was an American radio executive. He was played by Paul Giamatti in the 1997 movie, "Private Parts". His final job in the radio industry was as operations manager of KGO-AM/KSFO-AM (San Francisco).

Metheny died in San Francisco, California from a suspected heart attack, aged 60.

Ward Ruyslinck

Raymond De Belser (17 June 1929 – 3 October 2014), pseudonym Ward Ruyslinck, was a Belgian writer. He was born in Berchem, Belgium. He was known for his book "Wierook en tranen" (""Incense and Tears""). He won the "Prijs voor Letterkunde van de Vlaamse provincies" for this work. In 1966, he wrote the bittersweet fairy tale "Golden Ophelia".

Ward Ruyslinck retired in 1984. His wife committed suicide in 1980. Afterwards, he moved to Meise to live with his mistress Monika Lo Cascio. Ruyslinck and Cascio wrote the autobiographical novel "De speeltuin" ("The Playground") in 1992.

Ruyslinck, who had from Alzheimer's disease, died on 3 October 2014 in a retirement home in Meise.

Jean-Jacques Marcel

Jean-Jacques Marcel (13 June 1931 – 3 October 2014) was a French international footballer. He played as a midfielder. He played for some of the French national teams of the 1950s. He played naturally in the FIFA World Cup 1954 and 1958. 

On 3 October 2014, it was announced by his former football club that Marcel died. He was 83.

Jean-Claude Duvalier

Jean-Claude Duvalier (), nicknamed "Bébé Doc" or "Baby Doc" (July 3, 1951 – October 4, 2014) was the President of Haiti from 1971 until his overthrow by a popular uprising in 1986. He succeeded François "Papa Doc" Duvalier, his father, as the ruler of Haiti.

Duvalier died of a heart attack on October 4, 2014, at the age of 63.

Splake

The splake or slake ("Salvelinus namaeycush X Salvelinus fontinalis") is a fish. It is the hybrid of a male brook trout ("Salvelinus fontinalis") and a female lake trout ("Salvelinus namaycush"). The name is a combination of speckled trout (another name for brook trout) and lake trout. The name may have been used as early as the 1880s. Hybrids of the male lake trout with the female brook trout (the so-called "brookinaw") have also been produced, but are not as successful.

Seville Cathedral

Seville Cathedral is one of the famous Roman Catholic cathedrals in Spain. It is in Seville state. It is the third largest cathedral in the world and the largest Gothic style cathedral. It was consecrated in 1507. In 1987, UNESCO added this church as a World Heritage site. 

In the early 16th century, Hagia Sophia made the church into a mosque. At that time, the cathedral was the largest church or cathedral in the world. Christopher Columbus is buried in this church.


Colac, Victoria

Colac is a town in the western district of Victoria, Australia. It is about south-west of Melbourne, on the southern shore of Lake Colac and the surrounding volcanic plains, approximately inland from Bass Strait. Colac is the largest city in and administrative centre of the Colac Otway Shire. At June 2016, Colac had a population of 12,411.

The first people to live in the area were the Gulidjan people. They had lived in the grasslands around the lakes for at least 30,000 years.
European settlers moved into the area in 1837. Within three years, most of Gulidjan lands had been taken over by sheep farmers.

The first European settler was Hugh Murray. In 1848, the town was named "Lake Colac".

In 1854 a shepherd, Thomas Brookhouse, who worked for Hugh Murray went missing. Another shepherd, Patrick McGeary left the town soon afterwards. Fifteen years later, Brookhouse's bones were found under a pile of rocks near Lake Corangamite. The skull had been crushed. It took police another two years to find McGeary, who was found guilty of murder and hanged in Melbourne in 1871. He had killed Brookhouse to stop him from telling Murray about his sheep stealing.

The Lake Colac Post Office opened on 1 July 1848. The name was changed to Colac in 1854.

Colac Botanic Gardens in Queen Street is next to the shores of Lake Colac. They were first planted in 1868, and remodelled in 1910 by William Guilfoyle. There is a large number of different of plants with many old and rare trees and a rose arbour.

A commemorative plaque on the southern side of the Memorial Square remembers two historic speeches given on consecutive nights in Colac. The two speeches declared Australia would join Britain to fight in World War I. On 5 September 1914 the Leader of the Opposition, Andrew Fisher said "...Australia will stand by the mother country to our last man and our last shilling". The next night, the Prime Minister Joseph Cook said that "...If the old country is at war, so are we".

Lake Colac dried up during the drought of 2008-2009. It has now refilled.

The railway reached the town in 1877. From 1883 the line was extended to reach as far as Port Fairy, in the south west of the state. The Irrewarra-Cressy line to Ballarat also ran from Colac between 1889 and 1953. There was also a branch line to Alvie opened in 1923 and closed in 1954. A narrow gauge railway line began in Colac going south to the small towns of Beech Forest and Crowes. This line opened in 1902 and closed in 1962.

The local railway station is served by V/Line passenger services on the Warrnambool line. The train stops at Camperdown and Terang.

Colac is on the Princes Highway.

Colac is the home of the annual "Cliff Young Australian 6-day race". The event has been going for over 20 years and is a running/walking event. It is held in the Memorial Square which is in the middle of Colac and attracts entries from all over the world.

The main industries are based on agriculture including dairy, beef, lamb and finewool merino industries, and a large timber industry. These include Bulla Dairy Foods, CRF Colac Otway Pty Ltd, Fonterra, Cororooke, and AKD Softwoods.

Colac has its own newspaper, "The Colac Herald", published on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Colac has a number of local radio stations: 3CS 1134AM, MIXX FM 106.3 MHz, and Otway FM 104.7 MHz& 99.1 MHz.

Television services are received via UHF from Ballarat Lookout Hill, as well as a local repeater on nearby Warrion hill.

FM radio services direct from Melbourne can be received in Colac but signal levels are low. Television services direct from Melbourne can be received in Colac but large antenna arrays must be used with mixed results.

Colac is serviced by Austar Subscription Television delivered by DTH satellite transmission, via Optus C1 Ku Band Satellite located at 156E.

Colac has two Australian Rules football teams competing in the Colac & District Football League, the Colac Imperials and South Colac. The Colac Tigers play in the Geelong Football League.

Colac has a horse racing club, the Colac Turf Club, which has around four race meetings a year including the Colac Cup meeting in February. It also has a picnic horse racing club, Colac St Patrick Picnic, which holds its one race meeting a year in March.

Golfers play at the Colac Golf Club on Colac - Lavers Hill Road, Elliminyt.

Colac also has a swimming club which trains swimmers and has athletes competing at Region, State and national competitions.

Colac also has a baseball club, the Colac Braves, which plays in the Geelong Baseball Association winter competition and the Pan Pacific Masters Games on the Gold Coast.


Castle of Almansa

The Castle of Almansa () is a castle in Almansa, Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1921.

The Castle of Almansa was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Alcántara Bridge

Alcántara Bridge (also called Puente Trajan at Alcantara) is a Roman stone arch bridge. It was built over the Tagus River, Alcántara, Spain between 104 and 106 AD. The Roman emperor Trajan ordered this bridge built in 98 AD. The Alcántara Bridge was built at the expense of 12 local municipalities in Lusitania. The names were added on an inscription on the archway over the central pier.

The original length of this bridge was . It is now long The clear spans of the six arches from the right to the left riverside are , , , , and 

The Alcántara Bridge was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.



Neo-creationism

Creationism is the idea that life on earth was created by God. This idea comes from a literal reading of scripture, very often the Bible. Today, almost all scientists believe evolution is a good explanation. These scientists say that the scientific method does not allow certain explanations, mostly those that include supernatural elements. For this reason, a movement called Neo-creationism wants to re-state the ideas behind creationism and restart the discussion over the origins of life. The followers want to do this in such a way that religious terms are not used, and that there are no references to scripture. This should make it easier to talk to other groups, such as the scientific community or the general public. 

Cloud chamber

A cloud chamber is a sealed box with a supersaturated vapour of water or alcohol. When a charged particle (e.g. an alpha or beta particle) goes through it, the vapour is ionized. The resulting ions act as nuclei, around which a mist forms from the vapour.

The high energies of alpha and beta particles mean that a trail is left by ions produced along the path of the charged particle. These tracks have distinctive shapes (for example, an alpha particle's track is broad and shows more evidence of deflection by collisions, while an electron's is thinner and straight). When any uniform magnetic field is applied across the cloud chamber, positively and negatively charged particles will curve in opposite directions, according to the Lorentz force law.

The cloud chamber was invented by Charles Wilson (1869–1959), a Scottish physicist who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1927 for this work. The first cloud chamber was made in 1911. The invention was used in the early days of atomic physics. It is often called the 'Wilson chamber'. Since then a number of other types of particle detectors have been invented.



Uric acid

Uric acid is a chemical compound that reptiles and birds excrete. It is a heterocyclic compound of carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and hydrogen with the formula CHNO. It forms ions and salts known as urates and acid urates. Uric acid is a product of the metabolic breakdown of purine nucleotides. 

High blood concentrations of uric acid in people can lead to gout. The chemical is associated with other medical conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, and the formation of kidney stones (ammonium acid urate).


Guggenheim Museum Bilbao

The Guggenheim Museum Bilbao is a museum of modern art. It is in Abando, Bilbao, Spain. The museum was opened in 1997. It is one of the several museums belonging to Solomon R. Guggenheim foundation. This museum was designed by the architect Frank Gehry. There are no flat surfaces in this building. The structure of the building is made of glass, titanium, and limestone.
"Frank Gehry’s Guggenheim Museum Bilbao not only changed the way that architects and people think about museums, but also boosted Bilbao’s economy with its astounding success."
The museum has three aims in its mission. The museum wants to bring together and help the public to interpret the arts of our time. They want to encourage art education. They also want to increase the knowledge of the public's understanding of the arts. The collections at the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao have works by the some of the most famous artists of the past four decades. There are works of many genres including Minimalism, Pop Art, Conceptual Art and Abstract Expressionism. Spanish contemporary and Basque art are also displayed from some of the local and regional artists. 

There are over one hundred exhibitions in the museum. There have been approximately ten million visitors to the museum.


Purine

Purines include two of the bases in DNA and RNA.

A purine is a heterocyclic aromatic organic compound. It is a pyrimidine ring fused to an imidazole ring. Purines are the most widely occurring nitrogen-containing heterocycles in nature.

Purines and pyrimidines are the two groups of nitrogenous bases, and the two groups of nucleotide bases.


Telecommunications in Azerbaijan

Telecommunications in Azerbaijan is about television, radio, fixed and mobile telephones, and Internet in Azerbaijan.



As of 2014, Azerbaijan has 9 AM radio stations, 17 FM radio stations, and one shortwave radio station. There are also about 4,350,000 radios.


Azerbaijan has a total of 47 television channels. Four of them are public and 43 are private. Twelve are national television channels and 31 are regional.







Pyrimidine

Pyrimidines include three of the bases in DNA and RNA.

A pyrimidine is an aromatic heterocyclic organic compound, similar to purine. It has nitrogens at positions 1 and 3 in the ring. 

The pyrimidine ring system occurs widely in nature.
It is also found in many synthetic compounds such as barbiturates and the HIV drug, zidovudine. Uric acid is a pyrimidine derivative. 

State Statistics Committee (Azerbaijan)

The State Statistics Committee of Azerbaijan Republic () is a governmental agency within the Cabinet of Azerbaijan in charge of collection, processing and publishing statistical data on the economy, demographics and other sectors in the Republic of Azerbaijan. The State Statistics Committee was established on February 18, 1994 by President Heydar Aliyev. Its headquarters is located in the Azerbaijani capital city of Baku.



The Colbys

The Colbys was an American primetime soap opera. It was a spin-off of "Dynasty". It aired on ABC from November 1985 to March 1987. The stars of the series included Charlton Heston, John James, Emma Samms, Maxwell Caulfield, and Stephanie Beacham. This show was focused on the fictional rich Colby family from Los Angeles, California.

Paul Revere (musician)

Paul Revere Dick (January 7, 1938 - October 4, 2014) was an American musician and organ player. In 1958, he and other musicians founded the group "Paul Revere & the Raiders". They recorded many hits. He worked with the group until his death in 2014. Revere was born in Harvard, Nebraska.

Revere died from cancer in Garden Valley, Idaho, aged 76.

Alan Henning

Alan Henning (15 August 1967 – c. 3 October 2014) was a British taxicab driver-turned-humanitarian aid worker. He was the fourth Western hostage killed by Islamic State (IS). Henning was captured during IS's occupation of the Syrian city of Al-Dana in December 2013, where he was helping with humanitarian relief.

The British Foreign Office withheld news of Henning's capture while they attempted to negotiate his release. Henning was shown at the end of David Cawthorne Haines's execution video, released on 13 September 2014, and referred to by "Jihadi John" as the next victim. A video of Henning's beheading was released by IS on 3 October 2014.

Coleby Lombardo

Coleby Jason Lombardo (born September 7, 1978), is an American former child actor. He appeared in many movies and television series. The most popular of them was "The Colbys". In that series, he played young Scott Cassidy. He was nominated for a Young Artist Award for that role.

David Cawthorne Haines

David Cawthorne Haines (9 May 1970 – 13 September 2014) was a British aid worker. He was captured by the Islamic State in early 2013. He was later executed by beheading in early September 2014.

John J. Lloyd

John J. Lloyd (1922 – October 4, 2014) was an American art director and production designer. He was known for his work on such movies as "National Lampoon's Animal House", "The Blues Brothers", "The Thing", "Big Trouble in Little China", and "". He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Lloyd died in Santa Monica, California, aged 92.

Vaughn O. Lang

Vaughn Olin Lang (November 10, 1927 – October 2, 2014) was an American lieutenant general in the United States Army. Lang began his service as 2LT at the Officers’ Basic Course at Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey in 1952. He served in the Radio-Radar Procurement Branch and in the European Trans-Atlantic Project. Lang was a general during the Vietnam War. Lang was born in Williamsburg, Pennsylvania.

Lang died on October 2, 2014, at his home in Vienna, Virginia, aged 86.

Fyodor Cherenkov

Fyodor Fyodorovich Cherenkov () (25 July 1959 — 4 October 2014) was a Soviet and Russian football midfielder. He played for Spartak Moscow (1977–90 and 1991–94) and Red Star Football Club (1990–91). Cherenkov made 34 appearances for USSR national football team, scoring 12 goals. He was born in Moscow, Russia.

Cherenkov died in Moscow, Russia, aged 55.


Anna Przybylska

Anna Przybylska (26 December 1978 – 5 October 2014) was a Polish actress and model. She was born in Gdynia, Poland. She was ranked high amongst the most beautiful Polish actresses. In 2004, she was chosen to be the Polish ambassador for the ASTOR cometics brand. Two years later, she became the European ambassador for ASTOR. She was known for her role as Jadzia in "Kariera Nikosia Dyzmy" (2002).

Przybylska died on 5 October 2014 from pancreatic cancer in Gdynia, Poland, aged 35. 

Jules Bianchi

Jules Bianchi (3 August 1989 – 17 July 2015) was a French racing driver. He drove for the Marussia F1 team. He made his Formula One debut in 2013, driving for Marussia alongside Max Chilton. He previously raced in Formula Renault 3.5, the GP2 Series and Formula Three.

During the Japanese Grand Prix on 5 October, Bianchi's car crashed with a recovery vehicle which was helping to the car of Adrian Sutil, who had crashed the lap before. The race was cancelled after the crash. The FIA released a statement that CT scans have shown Bianchi suffered a "severe head injury" in the crash, and he will be transferred to intensive care following surgery. Bianchi died in Nice, France on 17 July 2015 from complications of his injuries at the age of 25.


Elya Baskin

Ilya (Elya) Zalmanovich Baskin (; ; born 11 August 1950) is a Soviet-American actor of Jewish descent. He is known for his roles in "Moscow on Hudson", "Air Force One", "The Name of the Rose", "2010", "October Sky", "Spider-Man 2", and in "".

Niagara Movement

The Niagara Movement, was a civil rights group of African-American activists who wanted equal rights for blacks. It was led by W. E. B. Du Bois. The movement opposed the Atlanta Compromise by Booker T. Washington.

Harvard, Nebraska

Harvard is a city in Clay County, Nebraska, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 951.

Division of Moncrieff

The Division of Moncrieff is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. The division was created in 1984 and is named after Gladys Moncrieff (1892-1976), an Australian singer who lived in the area.

Moncrieff is located in south east Queensland, and includes the central area of the Gold Coast, including Surfers Paradise.


Liverpool 8

Liverpool 8 is the fourteenth studio album by Ringo Starr. The album was released on January 15, 2008. It was his first and only studio album on the Capitol Records label.

"Liverpool 8" is the postal district of the Toxteth area of Liverpool where Starr was born.

Elissa's Quest

Elissa's Quest is a children's fantasy novel written by Erica Verillo. The book was first published on June 26, 2007 and has been printed again twice since then on June 24, 2008 and March 12, 2009. 

The novel is the first in Verillo's "The Phoenix Rising" trilogy, and is followed by "Elissa's Odyssey" and "World's End". The trilogy follows 13 year old Elissa in a fantasy world where she must team up with several other gifted youngsters and grant the phoenix another regeneration- but even she does not know this. Fate must show her.

The book also has cover art by Omar Rayyan and is aimed for children ages 9 to 12.

Almansa

Almansa is a Spanish town and municipality in the province of Albacete. The municipality borders with Alicante, Valencia and Murcia. Almansa is famous for its "Moros y Cristianos" festival celebrated from the 1st to the 6th of May.

Almansa is built at the foot of a white limestone cliff. It has a Moorish castle at the top. It is in the middle of a fertile and irrigated plain. About south of the town centre there is an obelisk to remind people of the Battle of Almansa. The battle was fought there on the 25 April 1707 during the War of Spanish Succession. The Duke of Berwick who the son of James II defeated the allied British, Portuguese and Spanish troops.

The Sierra del Mugrón is located in the Almansa city limits.

The main sightseeing attraction is the 14th-century Castle of Almansa.

There are other important monuments, such as:

8 km from the city is the reservoir of Almansa, built in 1584. This reservoir is the oldest one in Europe. 12 km from the city is the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Belen (17th century).


Hoot (novel)

Hoot is a young adult novel written by Carl Hiaasen. It was originally published in 2002. "Hoot" won the Newbery Medal in 2003.

The novel is about a boy named Roy Eberhardt and his friends, Beatrice Leep and Mullet Fingers. They work to save a nest of burrowing owls at a construction site. 

The book was turned into a movie in 2006. The movie starred Logan Lerman as Roy, Brie Larson as Beatrice, Cody Linley as Mullet Fingers, Luke Wilson as David Delinko, Tim Blake Nelson as Curly Brannit, and Clark Gregg as Chuck Muckle.

Dolphin Song

Dophin Song is a children's novel by Lauren St. John. It is the second in the "Legend of the Animal Healer" series. The other books in the series are "The White Giraffe", "The Last Leopard", and "The Elephant's Tale".

"Dophin Song" was first published on August 1, 2007. It was published nine times from 2008 to 2010. 

The story is about a girl named Martine. She has the ability to heal animals. She has many adventures because of her that. In this book, she and several of her schoolmates get stuck on island out in the middle of nowhere. They have to learn to get along and survive alone.

Beach of La Concha

The Beach of La Concha (, ) is a beach in the "Bay of La Concha" (Shell Bay, in Spanish, named for its shape) in San Sebastián, Basque Country. It is one of the most famous urban beaches in Europe.

The beach is sandy. The sand doesn't go very deep. The tide going in and out changes the amount of area that can be used. By the beach there is a long walkway. The beach is known as an urban beach in wide use.

"The Concha stretches out for a kilometre and a half, with the accent on elegance and delightful city views."


Santiago de Compostela Cathedral

The Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela () is a cathedral in Galicia in Spain. It is in the World Heritage Site of Santiago de Compostela. People believe that Saint James the Great, one of the apostles of Jesus, is buried there. The building is a Romanesque structure with later Gothic and Baroque additions.


City of Arts and Sciences

The City of Arts and Sciences (; ) is an entertainment-based cultural and architectural complex in the city of Valencia, Spain. It is the most important modern tourist place in the city of Valencia. It is one of the 12 Treasures of Spain.



Cathedral-Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar

The Basilica–Cathedral of Our Lady of the Pillar () is a Roman Catholic church in Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. The Basilica venerates Blessed Virgin Mary, under her title of “Our Lady of the Pillar”. This church is the first church dedicated to Mary. 

This building is one of the 12 Treasures of Spain.


M60 Patton

The M60 Patton is a main battle tank (MBT) introduced in December 1960. The M60 became the Army's primary tank during the Cold War. When the Soviet Union got the T-54 tank, the United States decided to upgrade the M48 Patton tank. The armor was improved. It was fitted with the British L7 105 mm tank gun. The army also decided to switch from gasoline to diesel.

12 Treasures of Spain

The 12 Treasures of Spain () was a project that selected the "Twelve Treasures of the Kingdom of Spain". The contest was done by two companies: Antena 3 and Cope. The final results were announced on 31 December 2007. Nine architectural monuments, two natural monuments and a monument pictorial were chosen.

In 2007 there was an international competition to choose the New Seven Wonders of the World. Four months later, Antena 3 and Onda Cero started a contest to choose the 12 Treasures of Spain. The people voted in the contest. People voted via internet and mobile phones. They received over 9,000 applications. The candidates were drawn down to 20. They were going to choose 7 Treasures of Spain. Later that number was changed to 12.

The twelve winners in order of votes were:


Calahorra Cathedral

The Cathedral of Santa María () is a cathedral in Calahorra, Spain.

The building is protected for its historic interest and has been since 1931. In Spanish it is called a "Bien de Interés Cultural" (property of cultural interest).


Opel Karl

The Opel Karl was a small car from the German carmaker Opel produced from 2014 to 2021. It was rebadged by VinFast as the VinFast Fadil. It is sold in the UK as a Vauxhall Viva, a name last used on a medium-sized car sold for 3 generations between 1963 and 1979. 

Pamplona Cathedral

Pamplona Cathedral is a famous Roman catholic cathedral in Spain. It is the seat of archdiocese of Pamplona, Spain. It is famous for its Gothic architecture. 



Valladolid Cathedral

The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Holy Assumption (), better known as Valladolid Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Valladolid, Spain. It was designed by Juan de Herrera.

Badajoz Cathedral

The Metropolitan Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist of Badajoz () is a Roman Catholic cathedral church in Badajoz, Extremadura, western Spain. It is the seat of the Archdiocese of Mérida-Badajoz.


Oviedo Cathedral

The Metropolitan Cathedral Basilica of the Holy Saviour or Cathedral of San Salvador (, ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral and minor basilica in the centre of Oviedo, in the Asturias region of northern Spain.

Many styles of architectural styles were used in building the cathedral. They include Romanesque, Gothic and Renaissance. It began as a large Pre-Romanesque basilica in the present location of the Gothic cathedral. That first building was built by order of King Alfonso II of Asturias.

The Cathedral was founded by King Fruela I of Asturias in 781 AD. In 802, his son Alfonso II of Asturias made it bigger. He made Oviedo the capital of the Kingdom of Asturias.



La Seo Cathedral

The Cathedral of the Savior () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Zaragoza, Spain. It is part of the World Heritage Site "Mudéjar Architecture of Aragon".



Alcazaba of Almería

The Alcazaba of Almería is a fortified complex in Almería, southern Spain. The word "alcazaba", from the Arabic word "Kasbah|al-qasbah", means a walled-fortification in a city.

The Alcazaba of Almería was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Cabo de Gata-Níjar Natural Park

Cabo de Gata-Níjar Natural Park is a natural park in the southeastern corner of Spain in the Province of Almería, Andalusia. It is Andalusia's largest coastal protected area. It is a wild and isolated landscape with some of Europe's most original geological features. It is the only region in Europe with a desert climate.

Cabo de Gata-Níjar was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.



Palacio de la Magdalena

The Palacio de la Magdalena (Spanish for Magdalena Palace) is an early 20th-century palace in Spain. It is on the Magdalena Peninsula of the city of Santander, Cantabria.

The Palacio de la Magdalena was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Construction of the palace was started in 1908 by the local government of Santander. The palace was built to be a place where the royal family of Spain would live for part of the year.


Defensin

A defensin is a small cation protein found in animals and plants. They are host defence peptides. They work against bacteria, fungi and many viruses. 

Defensins have 18-45 amino acids including six to eight conserved cysteine residues. Cells of the immune system have these peptides to help kill phagocytosed bacteria. Those cells include neutrophil granulocytes and almost all epithelial cells. Most defensins work by binding to the microbial cell membrane. Once there, they make tiny holes in the membrane which allow vital ions and nutrients to leak out.


Málaga Cathedral

The Cathedral of Málaga is a Renaissance cathedral in the city of Málaga in Andalusia, Spain. It was constructed between 1528 and 1782. 

The cathedral, built on a rectangular floor plan, is composed of a nave and two aisles. The nave is wider but has the same height as the aisles. The choir stalls are the work of Pedro de Mena.



Expecting Amish

Expecting Amish is a 2014 drama made for television movie. It was shown on the Lifetime channel.

A 18-year-old girl Hannah Yoder is about to join the church and get married. She decided she likes better the Hollywood life style even it means she will never see her family again.



Girona Cathedral

The Cathedral of Saint Mary of Girona is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Girona, located in Girona, Catalonia, Spain. Its interior includes the widest Gothic nave in the world. It has a width of . In size it is second only to St. Peter's Basilica. By comparison, the width of the nave of Reims is , Saint-Étienne de Sens, m and , in Notre Dame de Paris.


Garajonay National Park

Garajonay National Park () is one of the national parks of Spain. It is in the center and north of the island of La Gomera which is one of the Canary Islands off the coast of Morocco.

It is named for Alto de Garajonay which is the highest peak on the island. The park is usually covered by clouds which helps preserve over 150 species of plants. Garajonay became a national park in 1981. It was declared as World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986. It occupies 40 km (15 sq mi) and it extends into each of the six municipalities on the island.


Santa María del Naranco

The church of St Mary at Mount Naranco () is a Roman Catholic church in Oviedo, northern Spain. It was built in 848 as a royal palace for King Ramiro I of Asturias. It was changed into a church during the 13th century. Santa María church is an example of Asturian pre-Romanesque architecture. In 1985 it was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1885. The Church of St Mary at Mount Naranco was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.




Royal Palace of Aranjuez

The Royal Palace of Aranjuez () is one of the places the King of Spain lives. It is in the town of Aranjuez, Community of Madrid, Spain. The palace is open to the public as one of the Spanish royal sites.

It was originally the site of a medieval hunting lodge. Philip II built it as a modest summer palace. The palace was designed by Juan Bautista de Toledo and Juan de Herrera who also designed El Escorial. Later kings kept adding to it. It was completed during the reign of Ferdinand VI in the mid-18th century. Charles III added two wings to it. By that time the palace had over 300 rooms.

The Royal Palace of Aranjuez was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Host defence peptide

A Host defence peptide (or antimicrobial peptide) is one of a part of the innate immune response. They are found among all classes of life.

They act against invading microorganisms. The peptides kill Gram negative and Gram positive bacteria. This includes strains which are resistant to conventional antibiotics. The peptides also work against mycobacteria (including "Mycobacterium tuberculosis"), enveloped viruses, fungi and even transformed or cancerous cells.

These peptides are excellent candidates for medical use. They complement conventional antibiotic therapy. They have a broad range of activity, and are bactericidal as opposed to bacteriostatic. They need only a short contact time to kill bacteria.

There are big differences between prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells as targets for antimicrobial peptides. These peptides are potent, broad spectrum antibiotics. Unlike most antibiotics it seems that antimicrobial peptides may also improve immunity by working as immunomodulators (beefing up the immune system).


Mar Menor

Mar Menor (, "Minor sea") is a salty lagoon, in the southeast of the autonomous community of Murcia, in Spain. It separated from the Mediterranean sea by La Manga, a sandbar in length and with a width ranging from to .

It belongs to four municipalities: Cartagena, Los Alcázares, San Javier and San Pedro del Pinatar. It has a surface area of . It has a perimeter of . The warm and clear water is no more than in depth. It was called ""the largest swimming pool in the world"", by famous swimmer and Hollywood actress Esther Williams.

The water has a high salt content which aids in flotation. It is one of the most popular places in Europe for a wide variety of water sports.

First the Phoenicians and then the Moorish kings, chose this "small sea" as the site of their summer residences. Today, this area attracts all those who seek a quiet place to rest and relax. There are ideal weather conditions all year round.

At the northern end there are salt marshes which include a wetland of international importance. This area is conserved as a natural park run by the local government. Its Spanish name is "". The microbes that live in this coastal lagoon have been recently described.
In 1994 the Mar Menor was on the Ramsar Convention list for the conservation and sustainable use of wetlands. The Mar Menor is also part of a Specially Protected Area of Mediterranean Importance and is a Special Protection Area ("ZEPA" in Spanish) for bird life.

The Mar Menor was one of the top 100 finalists for 12 Treasures of Spain announced on 31 December 2007.


Fury (2014 movie)

Fury is a 2014 American war movie starring Brad Pitt. It is set in Germany in April 1945. The release date was October 17, 2014.

Palacio de Galiana

The Palacio de Galiana is a palace in Toledo, Spain. It is on the borders of the Tagus River. It was built where there had been a summer house and garden of the king Al-Mamun, the king of the Taifa of Toledo. It was built in the thirteenth century by king Alphonso X.


Poblet Monastery

The Royal Abbey of Santa Maria de Poblet () is a Cistercian monastery. The abbey is located at the feet of the Prades Mountains, in the comarca of Conca de Barberà, in Catalonia (Spain). It was founded in 1150 by Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Barcelona. It was the first of three monasteries that made up the "Cistercian triangle". The other two were Vallbona de les Monges and Santes Creus. The main architect was Arnau Bargués.

The following kings and queens of Aragon are buried at the Poblet Monastery:



Cysteine

Cysteine (abbreviated as Cys or C) is an α-amino acid. It has the chemical formula HOCCH(NH)CHSH. 

Cysteine is a semi-essential amino acid, which means that humans can make it. The codons UGU and UGC code for cysteine. The thiol side chain in cysteine often does enzyme reactions as a nucleophile. The thiol oxidises to give the disulfide derivative cystine, which is important in many protein structures. When used as a food additive, cysteine has the E number E920.

Lugo Cathedral

Saint Mary's Cathedral (), better known as Lugo Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral and basilica. It is located in Lugo, Galicia (Spain). It was built starting from the early 12th century. It was started in the Romanesque style. During its construction the style changed to Gothic and Baroque architecture. 

The cathedral has a Latin cross floor plan, with a length of . It has a nave, covered by a barrel vault, and two aisles, with an ambulatory and five apse chapels.

Terrassa Cathedral

Terrassa Cathedral, or the Cathedral Basilica of the Holy Spirit (, ), is a Roman Catholic cathedral on the plaça Vella of Terrassa. It is the seat of the Diocese of Terrassa.

Teruel Cathedral

The Cathedral of Teruel is a church in Teruel, Aragon, Spain. It belongs to St. Mary. It is a notable example of Mudéjar architecture. Since 1986, it has been part of the UNESCO Heritage site Mudéjar Architecture of Aragon.

The bell tower is one of the best preserved Mudéjar towers in Spain. It is square. It has three floors. It is decorated with azulejos (painted tiles) and ceramic glaze. At the top is an octagonal lantern from the 18th century.


Monfragüe

Monfragüe is a comarca (county, with no administrative role) of Extremadura, western Spain. It contains one of the country's fifteen National Parks, "".

Since 1979, the area has been protected as a natural park.

Monfragüe was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Sierra Nevada National Park

The Sierra Nevada National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Sierra Nevada) is a national park in Spain. It is in the Granada and Almería provinces. Its area is .

Sierra Nevada was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

There are more than 20 peaks over . The highest are Mulhacén (), Veleta () and Alcazaba ().


Baeza Cathedral

The Cathedral of Baeza (), in full the Cathedral of the Nativity of Our Lady of Baeza () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Baeza, Andalusia, Spain. It was built in the styles of the Renaissance. It is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site with other monuments in Baeza and the nearby city of Úbeda. The cathedral was one of 100 nominees for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Tower of Hercules

The Tower of Hercules (Galician and ) is an ancient Roman lighthouse in Spain. It is on a peninsula about from the centre of A Coruña, Galicia.

The tower is a National Monument of Spain. Since June 27, 2009, it has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is the second tallest lighthouse in Spain, after the Faro de Chipiona.

The Tower of Hercules was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.




Monasteries of San Millán de la Cogolla

The monasteries of San Millán de Suso (6th century) and San Millán de Yuso (11th century) are two monasteries in the village of San Millán de la Cogolla, La Rioja, Spain. They were designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in December 1997.
The first written text in spanish and euskera was found there in the book called “glosas Emilianenses”.This treasure is the reason why this place is part of the human patrimony.

The monasteries were one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Latin cross

A Latin cross or Crux immissa is a type of Christian cross in which the vertical beam sticks above the crossbeam. This is the main representation of the cross by which Jesus Christ was crucified. The Latin cross began as a Roman Catholic emblem but later became a universal symbol of Christianity. If displayed upside down it is called St. Peter's Cross because he was reputedly executed on this type of cross. When displayed sideways it is called St. Philip's cross for the same reason.

A Latin cross plan is a floor plan found in many cathedrals and churches. When looked at from above or in plan view it takes the shape of a Latin cross ("crux immissa"). The Latin cross plans have a nave with aisles or chapels, or both and a transept that forms the arms of the cross. It also has at least one apse that traditionally faces east. Many also have a narthex at the entry.


Ambulatory

The ambulatory (Medieval Latin "ambulatorium") is the covered passage around a cloister. The term is sometimes applied to the procession way around the east end of a cathedral or large church. This is usually behind the high altar. 

Barrel vault

A barrel vault, also known as a tunnel vault or a wagon vault, is a type of ceiling. It is an architectural element formed by the extension of a simple arch. It forms the shape of a semicircle over parallel walls.

Hunter Pence

Hunter Andrew Pence (born April 13, 1983) is a retired American Major League Baseball player. Pence plays for the San Francisco Giants. He plays the position outfielder. He previously played for the Houston Astros and Philadelphia Phillies. Pence is tall. He weighs . He bats and throws right-handed. Pence was with the San Francisco Giants when they won the World Series in 2012.

Houston Astros

Hunter Pence in 2008 with the Astros.
A college player from Texarkana, Texas, Hunter Pence was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 40th round in 20021 but turned down the offer to join the University of Texas at Arlington Mavericks. He later signed his first professional contract with the Houston Astros, who selected him in the second round of the 2004 amateur player draft.

He played his first major league game on April 28, 2007. In his rookie season, he maintained an impressive batting average of .322 and totaled 17 home runs and 69 runs batted in 108 games. He finished 3rd in the National League Rookie of the Year voting, behind Ryan Braun and Troy Tulowitzki.

Pence improved his statistics in his second year, hitting 160 hits, 13 more than his first season. He hit 25 home runs and drove in 83 runs. However, his batting average dropped to .269.

In 2009, the outfielder earned his first All-Star selection in Major League Baseball.

This section is empty, insufficiently detailed, or incomplete. Your assistance is welcome! How to help?

Pence was once again invited as the Astros' representative to the All-Star Game in 2011.

Philadelphia Phillies

Hunter Pence in June 2012 with the Philadelphia Phillies.
On July 29, 2011, just two days before the trade deadline in Major League Baseball, Pence was traded to the Philadelphia Phillies in exchange for four minor league players (first baseman Jonathan Singleton, right-handed pitchers Jarred Cosart and Josh Zeid, outfielder Domingo Santana)). Pence hit .324 with 35 runs batted in the last 54 games of the season with the Phillies. During this period, he hit 11 home runs, the same number he had in the previous 100 games of the 2011 season with Houston. He finished the year with a .314 batting average, 190 hits, 22 home runs, and 97 runs batted in (a new personal record). He had four hits, drove in four runs, and scored three in the five-game Division Series between the Phillies and the St. Louis Cardinals.

Pence had a somewhat disappointing first half of the 2012 season. In 101 games in Philadelphia, his batting average was .271. He had 17 home runs and 59 runs batted in but also slightly more strikeouts (85).

Hunter Pence in 2013 with the San Francisco Giants.
On July 31, 2012, Hunter Pence was traded to the San Francisco Giants in a deal that sent outfielder Nate Schierholtz, minor league catcher Tommy Joseph, and minor league right-handed pitcher Seth Rosin to Philadelphia.

He batted only .219 in his last 59 games of the 2012 season with San Francisco but still hit 7 home runs and had 45 runs batted in. He finished the season with 24 home runs and a career-high 104 runs batted in. His batting average was .253 in 160 games played for Philadelphia and the Giants. His batting average was .209 in 16 playoff games with one home run and 4 runs batted in, and he enjoyed winning the 2012 World Series with San Francisco, his first title of that kind.

The mediocre performances of late 2012 gave way to an excellent 2013 season for Pence, who was one of the top hitters for the Giants. Playing all 162 games for his team, he set a new personal record for home runs (27), added 35 doubles, had a total of 178 hits, and drove in 99 runs. He scored 91 runs and stole a personal best of 22 bases in 25 attempts. He was named the National League Player of the Month for September 2013 with 11 home runs, the highest slugging percentage in the majors during that period (.667), 16 walks, 23 runs scored, and an on-base percentage of .393.

As the 2013 season ended, Pence, who was set to become a free agent in the following weeks, signed a $90 million contract for 5 seasons with San Francisco.

Pence received his 3rd career All-Star Game invitation in 2014, his first since joining the Giants.

Pence was not in the starting lineup for the Giants on September 27, 2014, ending a streak that began on September 25, 2012, of 331 consecutive starts, the longest active streak in the majors. However, a pinch-hit appearance extended his consecutive games played streak to 382, the longest active streak of its kind in the majors.

Pence won the World Series for the second time in his career when the Giants triumphed over the Kansas City Royals in the 2014 World Series. He batted .444 in the 7 games of the final, with 12 hits, a home run, 5 runs batted in, 7 runs scored, an on-base percentage of .500, and a slugging percentage of .667. He reached base 15 times in 30 plate appearances against the Royals. In total, in 17 playoff games in 2014, Pence maintained a batting average of .333 and an on-base percentage of .405.

On March 5, 2015, during spring training with the Giants, Pence fractured his left forearm when hit by a pitch from Corey Black of the Chicago Cubs, an injury that forced him into an expected 6 to 8-week period of inactivity. Indeed, he returned, following a tweet to Giants manager Bruce Bochy, on May 16. He made his season debut in Cincinnati, where he went 2 for 3 that day and hit a home run the next day.

Pontifical Catholic University of Minas Gerais

Pontifical Catholic University of Minas Gerais (Pontifícia Universidade Católica de Minas Gerais, short PUC-MG) is an university of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It was established in 1958. It is one of the five largest universities in Brazil. In 2010 it was nominated the best private university in Brazil by Best Universities.


Walls of Ávila

The Walls of Ávila in central Spain were completed between the 11th and 12th centuries. They are the city's principal historic feature.

The work was started in 1090 by Raymond of Burgundy. Most of the walls appear to have been rebuilt in the 12th century. The enclosed area is a rectangle of with a perimeter of some , including 90 semicircular crenellated towers. The walls have an average width of . They have an average height of . The wall has nine fortified gates. The Puerta de San Vicente (Gate of St Vincent) and Puerta del Alcazar (Gate of the Fortress) are flanked by twin towers, high, linked by a semicircular arch. The apse of the cathedral also forms one of the towers. The fortifications are the most complete in Spain.

It is possible to walk on the walls for about half their circumference. Some of the walls will never be able to be walked on because they are connected to other buildings. There is a large section of the walls that have not been made safe for people.

The site was registered as a National Monument in 1884. In 1985, the old city of Ávila and its extramural churches were declared a World Heritage site by UNESCO.

The walls were one of finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.



Intersection (movie)

Intersection is a 1994 drama movie. The movie is about an architect who has flashbacks when his Mercedes crashes. Lolita Davidovich plays Olivia Marshak. Sharon Stone plays Sally Eastman. Jennifer Morrison also stars in the movie.

The reviews of the movie were negative. It did poorly in the box office.

Hanging Houses of Cuenca

The Casas Colgadas (Hanging Houses), also known as Casas Voladas, Casas del Rey is a complex of houses located in Cuenca, Spain. Houses of this kind were frequent along the eastern border of the ancient city in the past. They hang on the cliffs over the Huécar River gorge. Today there are only a few of the houses still there. The most well known is a group of three with wooden balconies. The houses date to the 14th century. Through the years they have been refurbished a few times. The most recent took place during the 1920s. They have been used as individual homes. They have also been used as council houses. Now they are the host to a "mesón", a type of restaurant, and the Museo de Arte Abstracto Español (Spanish Abstract Art Museum), in Cuenca.

The Casas Colgadas were one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Blink (movie)

Blink is a 1994 American neo noir crime drama mystery movie. It is set in Chicago. The movie is about a young blind musician. She has surgery that makes her see again. Madeleine Stowe plays Emma Brody. Laurie Metcalf plays Candice.

This movie got mixed to positive reviews.

David Chavchavadze

Prince David Chavchavadze (20 May 1924 – 5 October 2014) was an British-born American author and civil servant. He was a former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) officer for the United States. He is of Georgian-Russian origin. He was born in London, England.

Chavchavadze died in his sleep on 5 October 2014 in Washington, D.C., after a long illness, aged 90.


Serhiy Zakarlyuka

Serhiy Volodymyrovych Zakarlyuka (17 August 1976 – 6 October 2014) was a Ukrainian footballer and football manager. 

Zakarlyuka has played for a number of clubs in Ukraine and played for the Ukraine national team on 9 occasions between 2002 and 2004.

On 6 October 2014, Zakarlyuka was killed in the traffic accident just outside of Poltava.


Palma Cathedral

The Cathedral of Santa Maria of Palma is a Gothic Roman Catholic cathedral located in Palma, Majorca, Spain. It was built on the site of a pre-existing Arab mosque. It is 121 metres long and 55 metres wide. Its nave is 44 metres tall. 

The cathedral was styled in the Catalan Gothic style. It has Northern European influences. The building was it was started by King James I of Aragon in 1229. It was finished building in 1601. It sits within the old city of Palma. It is on top of the former citadel of the Roman city. It is between the Royal Palace of La Almudaina and the episcopal palace. It overlooks the "Parc de la Mar" and the Mediterranean Sea.

Fifty years after a restoration of the cathedral had started in 1901 Antoni Gaudí was invited to take over the project. Some of his ideas were adopted. He moved the choir stalls from the middle nave to be closer to the altar. He also made a large canopy. Gaudí abandoned his work in 1914 after an argument with the contractor. The planned changes were cosmetic rather than structural. The project was cancelled soon after.

The Cathedral of Santa Maria of Palma was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Zzyzx, California

Zzyzx , formerly Camp Soda and Soda Springs, is an unincorporated community in San Bernardino County, California, United States. It is within the boundaries of Mojave National Preserve.


Anna Maria Gherardi

Anna Maria Gherardi (21 March 1939 – 5 October 2014) was an Italian actress and voice actress. She was known for her roles in "Lost Love" and in "Petomaniac". She was born in Bologna, Italy.

Gherardi died in Rome, Italy, aged 75.

Peer Augustinski

Peer Augustinski (June 25, 1940 – October 3, 2014) was a German actor and voice actor. He was born in Berlin. He was the official German dub-over artist of Robin Williams. Augustinski voice dubbed nearly all of Williams' work such as "Awakenings", "Toys", "Good Will Hunting", "Aladdin", and "Dead Poets Society".

Augustinski died in Cologne, aged 84.


Time Warner Cable News NY1

NY1 (also known as Time Warner Cable News NY1 and spoken as "New York One") is an American cable news television channel. It is owned by Time Warner Cable. The channel provides 24-hour news coverage, with a focus on the five boroughs of New York City. Its programming primarily features news and weather forecasts. NY1 also features specialty programs such as "Inside City Hall" (which is renamed "Road to City Hall" during New York City mayoral elections).

Winter Solstice (band)

Winter Solstice is an American metalcore band formed in 2000. The group split up in 2006.

Palmeral of Elche

The Palmeral or Palm Grove of Elche (Spanish: "Palmeral de Elche", Valencian: "Palmerar d'Elx") is the generic name for the date palm orchards in the city of Elche (Spain).

In the urban area of Elche there are a total of 97 different orchards. They contain about 70,000 date palms. Most of them are in the east bank of the Vinalopó. This number does not include other large plantations located around the city. The total may be near 200,000 palms. The Palm Grove covers over , including in the city of Elche.

It is the only palm grove of its type anywhere in Europe. It is the largest in the world. The Palm Grove of Elche was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Rolling coal

Rolling coal is a term used to describe the result of intentionally removing the pollution controls on diesel trucks or cars. This causes the vehicle to produce black, sooty exhaust. Participants often "roll coal" on pedestrians, bicyclists and drivers of hybrid vehicles.

Pollution controls such as exhaust filters are removed. Additionally, the vehicle may be modified to deliver more fuel to the engine than usual. The turbocharger may also be disabled, although this is uncommon because it can reduce performance and cause engine problems.

In most countries, rolling coal is prohibited by anti-pollution laws, for example, in the United States it is prohibited by the Clean Air Act.

Park Güell

The Park Güell (Catalan: "Parc Güell") is a public park system of gardens and architectonic elements. It is located on Carmelo Hill, in Barcelona (Spain). Carmelo Hill belongs to the mountain range of Sierra de Collserola — the Parque del Carmelo (Catalan: "Parc del Carmel") is located on the northern face. Park Güell is located in La Salut, a neighborhood in the Gràcia district of Barcelona. With urbanization in mind, Eusebi Güell gave the design of the park to architect Antoni Gaudí. He designed the park in the Catalonian modernism style. The park was built between 1900 and 1914. It opened as a public park in 1926. 

In 1984, UNESCO declared the park a World Heritage Site under “Works of Antoni Gaudí”.
Park Güell was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Edward Albee

Edward Franklin Albee III ( ; March 12, 1928 – September 16, 2016) was an American playwright. He was known for works such as "The Zoo Story" (1958), "The Sandbox" (1959), "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" (1962), and a rewrite of the book for the unsuccessful musical "Breakfast at Tiffany's" (1966), an adaptation of Truman Capote's 1958 novella of the same name.

In 1963, "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" won the Tony Award for Best Play. He won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1967 for "A Delicate Balance", in 1975 for "Seascape", and in 1994 for "Three Tall Women".

Albee was openly gay and stated that he first knew he was gay at age 12 and a half.

Albee died on September 16, 2016 at his home in Montauck, New York from complications of diabetes, aged 88.

Works written or adapted by Albee:



Why, Arizona

Why (O'odham: Ban Hi:nk) is a tiny unincorporated rural community in Pima County, Arizona, United States. 

Why is near the western border of the Tohono O'Odham Indian Reservation. It is due north of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument in Southern Arizona. 

Why is about thirty miles north of the Mexican border where Lukeville, Arizona, and Sonoita, Sonora, Mexico, border each other. It is ten miles south of Ajo, Arizona.


Logic programming

Logic programming is using mathematical logic to write computer programs. There are specialized programming languages where the user can directly enter logical statements. Probably the best-known of these languages is called Prolog. Alonzo Church used a form of logic programming in what is known as lambda calculus today. Logic programming has also been used in LISP. 

Programs consist of a set of rules and facts. In most cases, logic programming uses what is called negation as failure or "weak negation:" This means that if it is not possible to derive some clause formula_1 from the facts and rules, the system will assume that its negation is true.

Besmilr Brigham

Besmilr Brigham (born Bess Miller Moore; September 28, 1913 – September 30, 2000) was an American poet. She also wrote short stories.

Brigham was born Bess Miller Moore in Pace, Mississippi. She graduated from Mary Hardin-Baylor College (now University of Mary Hardin–Baylor) in Belton, Texas. After that, she studied at the New School for Social Research in New York. In New York she met Roy Brigham. Then she married him.

According to the "Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture", "She came to prominence during the women’s movement of the 1960s, and her work is noted for its innovative structure, sound, and rhythm."

Brigham is also known as Besmilr Moore Brigham. The Besmilr Women Writers Award is named after her.




Rule of inference

A rule of inference, inference rule, or transformation rule is a tool used in logic. A rule of inference can take one or more statements, called premises, and return some other statement, called a conclusion. For example, the rule of inference called "modus ponens" takes two premises, one in the form "If p then q" and another in the form "p", and returns the conclusion "q". The rule is valid with respect to the semantics of classical logic, in the sense that if the premises are true, then so is the conclusion.

Typically, a rule of inference preserves truth, a semantic property. In many-valued logic, it preserves a general designation. But a rule of inference's action is purely syntactic, and does not need to preserve any semantic property: any function from sets of formulae to formulae counts as a rule of inference. Usually only rules that are recursive are important; i.e. rules such that there is an effective procedure for determining whether any given formula is the conclusion of a given set of formulae according to the rule.

Popular rules of inference in propositional logic include "modus ponens", "modus tollens", and contraposition. First-order predicate logic uses rules of inference to deal with logical quantifiers.

Logical quantifier

In logic, a quantifier is a way to state that a certain number of elements fulfill some criteria. For example, every natural number has another natural number larger than it. In this example, the word "every" is a quantifier. Therefore, the sentence "every natural number has another natural number larger than it" is a quantified expression. 

Quantifiers and quantified expressions are a useful part of formal languages. They are useful because they let rigorous statements claim how widespread a criteria is. Two basic kinds of quantifiers used in predicate logic are universal and existential quantifiers. A universal quantifier states that all the elements considered fulfill the criteria. The universal quantifier is symbolized with "∀", an upside down "A", to stand for "all". An existence quantifier (symbolized with "∃") states that at least one element considered fits the criteria. The existential quantifier is symbolized with "∃", a backwards "E", to stand for "exists".

Quantifiers are also used in natural languages. Examples of quantifiers in English include "for all", "for some", "many", "few", "a lot", and "no".

This statement is infinitely long:

This is a problem for formal languages, since a formal statement needs to be finite in length. These problems can be avoided by using "universal quantification". This results in the following compact statement:
In the same way, we can shorten an infinite sequence of statements joined by "or" such as:
by rewriting it using "existential quantification":

The two quantifiers most widely used are the universal quantifier and the existence quantifier.

The universal quantifier is used to claim that for elements in a set, the elements all match some criteria. Usually, this statement "for all elements" is shortened to an "A" flipped upside down, which is "∀".

The existential quantifier is used to claim that for elements in a set, there exists at least one element that matches some criteria. Usually, this statement "there exists an element" is shortened to an "E" flipped upside down, which is "∃".

English statements can be often rewritten using symbols, predicates representing criteria, and quantifiers. One example is "Each of Peter's friends either likes to dance or likes to go to the beach". Let "X" be the set of all Peter's friends. Let "P"("x") be the predicate ""x" likes to dance". Let "Q"("x") be the predicate ""x" likes to go to the beach". We can rewrite the example using formal notation as formula_1. The statement can be read as "For every "x" that is a member of "X", "P" applies to "x" or "Q" applies to "x"."

There are other ways to use quantifiers in formal language. Each of the following statements below says the same thing as formula_2:
There are a few more ways to represent the universal quantifier:

Several statements above explicitly include "X", the set of elements that the quantifier applies to. This set of elements is also known as the range of quantification, or the universe of discourse. Some of the statements above do not include such a set. In this case, the set will have to be specified before the statement. For example, ""x" is an apple" must be stated before formula_12. In this case, we are making a statement that at least one apple fits the predicate "P".

Using quantifiers formally does not require using the symbol "x". In fact, other symbols, such as "y" and "z", can also be used. However, one must be careful not to use the same symbol to refer to two different things.

It is important to put quantifiers in the right order. Below is an example of an English sentence showing how meaning changes with order:
This statement is true. It states that every natural number has a square. However, if we turn the order of the quantifiers around:
then the statement is false. It claims that there is one natural number "s" that is the square of "every" natural number.

In certain circumstances, changing the order of quantifiers does not change the meaning of the statement. For instance:

There are also less common quantifiers used by mathematicians.

An example is the solution quantifier. It is used to state which elements solve a particular equation. The solution quantifier is represented by a § (section sign). For example, the following statement claims the squares of 0, 1 and 2 are smaller than 4. :formula_13

Other quantifiers include:

Term logic was developed by Aristotle. It was an early form of logic, and included quantification. The use of quantification was closer to that of natural language. This meant that statements in term logic with quantifiers were less suited for formal analysis. Term logic included quantifiers for "All", "Some" and "No" (none) in 4th century BC.

In 1879, Gottlob Frege created a notation for universal quantification. Unlike the modern notation, he would represent a universal quantification by writing a variable over a dimple in an otherwise straight line. Frege did not create a notation for existential quantification. Instead, he combined universal quantification and a number of negations to make an equivalent statement. Frege's use of quantification was not widely known until Bertrand Russell's 1903 "Principles of Mathematics".

In 1885, Charles Sanders Peirce and his student Oscar Howard Mitchell also created a notation for universal and existential quantifiers. They wrote Π and Σ where we now write ∀"x" and ∃"x". Pierce's notation was used by many mathematicians into the 1950s.

In 1897, William Ernest Johnson and Giuseppe Peano created another notation for universal and existential quantification. They were influenced by Pierce's previous quantification notation. Johnson and Peano used the simple ("x") for universal quantification, and ∃"x" for existential quantification. Peano's influence on math spread this notation across Europe.

In 1935, Gerhard Gentzen created the ∀ symbol for universal quantification. It was not widely used until the 1960s.


Universal quantifier

In mathematics and logic, the universal quantifier is a quantifier used to state that a proposition applies to all elements in the universe of discourse. An example that uses this quantifier would be the proposition "All men are mortal". Usually, a turned A (∀) is used to denote the universal quantifier, "for all x" is written as either "∀x", "∀(x)".

Predicate logic and syllogisms look at the properties of universal quantification.

Propositions can be falsified. To falsify a proposition which contains a universal quantifier, it is sufficient to find one element of the universe of discourse where the proposition is false. This element is known as a counterexample.


Existence quantifier

In mathematics and logic, the existence quantifier is a quantifier used to state that a proposition is true for at least one element in the universe of discourse. The existence quantifier is commonly written as formula_1 (a mirrored E), and is read as "there exists". An example involving an existence quantifier is the statement "some natural number is equal to 3+5", which can be written as formula_2. 

In general, a statement of the form formula_3 is true if there is an "x" in the universe of discourse satisfying the predicate formula_4, and is false otherwise. An existence quantifier is different from a universal quantifier, which is used to state that a proposition is true for "all" elements in the universe of discourse. 


Universe of discourse

In mathematics, the universe of discourse or domain of discourse is a set of all elements to which a function applies. A variable can take any of the values in its universe of discourse. 

The term is also used informally. 

The Banger Sisters

The Banger Sisters is a 2002 American comedy drama movie. The film is about two middle-aged women who were best friends and groupies when they were younger. Goldie Hawn plays Suzette. Susan Sarandon plays Vinnie.

This movie was released in September of 2002. It made quite a bit of money at the box office.

Maid in Manhattan

Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 romantic comedy-drama movie. It is about a hotel maid and a politician who fall in love with each other. Jennifer Lopez plays Marisa. Ralph Fiennes plays Christopher. Natasha Richardson plays Caroline.

This movie got negative reviews from critics. It made lots of money anyway. This movie was released in December 2002.

Bryan McCabe

Bryan McCabe (born June 8, 1975) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a career total of 1135 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the New York Islanders, Vancouver Canucks, Chicago Blackhawks, Toronto Maple Leafs, Florida Panthers, and the New York Rangers.

Before playing in the NHL, McCabe played 2 seasons with the Medicine Hat Tigers, 3 seasons with the Spokane Chiefs and 1 season with the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

He was drafted with the 40th overall by the New York Islanders in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. Halfway through his third season with the Islanders, McCabe was traded along with Todd Bertuzzi and a third round draft pick in 1998 (Jarkko Ruutu) to the Vancouver Canucks for Trevor Linden on February 6, 1998.

During his time with the Canucks, he played one and a half seasons with them before he was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks along with their first round draft pick in 2000 for the Blackhawks' first round draft pick in 1999.

On October 2, 2000, after he had 6-goal, 25-point season with the Blackhawks in the 1999–2000 season, McCabe was traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs for Alexander Karpovtsev and a fourth round draft choice (Vladimir Gusev) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft. McCabe had a good 2001–02 season with Toronto, having a 17-goal, 43-point breakout season, as well as, 53 points two seasons later, ending in a fourth-place finish in Norris Trophy voting Second Team All-Star honours.

During the 2004–05 NHL lockout, McCabe played in the Swedish Elitserien with HV71. He didn't have a good time with HV71, recording one goal, 30 penalty minutes and a -12 rating over ten games. He exercised an escape clause in his contract before he went to a game against Södertälje SK where he was supposed to be a healthy scratch for them.

When the lockout ended, he returned to the Maple Leafs. He recorded a career high 19 goals, 49 assists and 68 points in 73 games with the Maple Leafs. He finished the season third overall in points among defencemen, behind Nicklas Lidström and Sergei Zubov.

On June 28, 2006, he signed a 5-year deal with the Leafs worth $28.75 million with a no-movement clause. The next seasons, he recorded 57 points in 82 games the following season. On October 15, 2007, during the dying seconds of overtime against the Buffalo Sabres, McCabe scored in his own net. The goal was credited to Paul Gaustad.

On September 2, 2008, the Maple Leafs traded McCabe along with a fourth round draft pick in 2010 to the Florida Panthers for Mike Van Ryn. On September 23, 2009, he was named as the Panthers' captain.

On February 26, 2011, the Panthers traded him to the New York Rangers for Tim Kennedy and a 3rd round draft pick.

On February 15, 2012, McCabe announced that he was retiring from professional ice hockey.

Jean-Yves Leroux

Jean-Yves Leroux (born June 24, 1976) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger. He played a career total of 220 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played his entire NHL career with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Before playing in the NHL, Leroux played 4 seasons with the Beauport Harfangs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL).

He was drafted with the 40th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft. Before he played with the Blackhawks, he played a seasons with the Indianapolis Ice of the International Hockey League (IHL). During his time with the Blackhawks, he recorded an overall total of 16 goals, 22 assists, 38 points, 146 penalty minutes. On October 01, 2001, the Blackhawks sent Leroux down to their AHL-affiliate Norfolk Admirals. Leroux left the NHL after the 2000–01 NHL season.

He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2010.

Maspalomas Dunes

The Maspalomas Dunes are sand dunes located on the south coast of the island of Gran Canaria, Province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands. A 404 hectare area of the municipality of San Bartolomé de Tirajana, they have been protected as a nature reserve. They are one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Timanfaya National Park

Timanfaya National Park () is a Spanish national park in the southwestern part of the island of Lanzarote, Canary Islands. It covers parts of the municipalities Tinajo and Yaiza. The area is . The parkland is entirely made up of volcanic soil.

Timanfaya National Park is one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

The greatest recorded eruptions occurred between 1730 and 1736.


León Cathedral

Santa María de León Cathedral, also called "The House of Light" or the "Pulchra Leonina" is in the city of León in north-western Spain. It is the third Roman Catholic cathedral to be built on the site of what was originally a Roman bath. The first cathedral was built by King Ordoño II of León. It was probably built in the Mozarabic style but was damaged in the 990s. The second cathedral was consecrated in 1073. It was built in the Romanesque style of architecture. The present Gothic style cathedral was started in 1255. It was completed about 50 years later. The cathedral has some of the finest examples of stained glass windows in all of Europe.


Las Médulas

Las Médulas (As Médulas or As Meduas in Galician language) is a historical site near the town of Ponferrada, Spain. It used to be the most important gold mine in the Roman Empire. In order to remove the gold, the Romans washed away an entire mountain. From the 2nd to the 4th century AD the Romans used slaves to mine about 900 tons of gold. It left a series of rock pinnacles, gullies, caves and tunnels. Las Médulas is listed by the UNESCO as one of the World Heritage Sites.




Roman Walls of Lugo

The Roman Walls of Lugo (Spanish, Galician: "Muralla Romana de Lugo") were constructed in the 3rd century AD. The walls were created as late Roman Empire fortifications. They are still largely intact today. They stretch over around the historic centre of Lugo in Galicia (Spain). Located on a hilltop the walls have a wide ditch directly in front of them. The walls average about in height and are up to thick. At the front of the wall there are a series of semicircular towers up to in diameter. The walls are constructed of schist from the local area. The walls have been declared a World Heritage site.

La Seu Vella, Lleida

The La Seu Vella (also called Cathedral of St. Mary of La Seu Vella; Catalan and Spanish: "Catedral de Santa Maria de la Seu Vella", ) is the Roman catholic cathedral of the Diocese of Lleida. It is in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain, on top of Lleida hill.


Reichssicherheitshauptamt

The RSHA, or Reichssicherheitshauptamt (Reich Main Security Office or Reich Security Main Office or Reich Security Head Office) was an organization headed by Heinrich Himmler. This was in his dual capacities as "Chef der Deutschen Polizei" (Chief of German Police) and "Reichsführer-SS". The organization's stated duty was to fight all "enemies of the Reich" inside and outside the borders of Nazi Germany.

Cathedral of Murcia

The Cathedral Church of Saint Mary in Murcia (), commonly called the Cathedral of Murcia, is a church in Murcia, Spain. It is the only cathedral in use in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cartagena in Spain.

The Cathedral Church of Saint Mary in Murcia was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Roman Theatre

The Roman Theatre is an ancient Roman theatre in Cartagena, Spain. The theatre was built between 5 BC and 1 BC.

Jaén Cathedral

The Assumption of the Virgin Cathedral is a Spanish Renaissance cathedral located in Santa María Square in Jaén, Spain. It is across from the Town Hall and the Episcopal Palace (Archbishop's palace). The Santa María Square is one of the historical sites in Jaén. The cathedral stands on the same ground that was once occupied by an early mosque. 
Construction of the cathedral began in 1249. It was built on the ruins of an early Spanish mosque. It was damaged and rebuilt on numerous occasions during the following two centuries. In the sixteenth century Andrés de Vandelvira built the biggest part of the Cathedral. It was consecrated in 1724.
The more representative architectural element is its façade. It was designed by Eufrasio López de Rojas. It was sculpted by Pedro Roldán. It houses the Veil of Veronica. In 1545 the young Francisco Guerrero was the "maestro de capilla".

Jaén Cathedral is one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Tim Salmon

Timothy James Salmon (born August 24, 1968), is a former Major League Baseball player. He played for the California Angels from 1992 to 2004 and again, with the renamed Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in 2006. He won the World Series with the Angels in 2002. He hit 299 home runs in his career.

Peter Carington, 6th Baron Carrington

Peter Alexander Rupert Carington, 6th Baron Carrington (6 June 1919 – 9 July 2018) was a British Conservative politician.

He served as British Defence Secretary between 1970 and 1974, Foreign Secretary between 1979 and 1982 and as the sixth Secretary General of NATO from 1984 to 1988. He was the last surviving member of the Cabinets of both Harold Macmillan and Sir Alec Douglas-Home.

Carington died on 9 July 2018, aged 99.


Sergio Balanzino

Sergio Silvio Balanzino (20 June 1934 – 25 February 2018) was an Italian diplomat. Balanzino was born in Bologna, Italy.

He served as the Italian ambassador to Canada from May 1990 to January 1994. He then became the Deputy Secretary General of NATO before briefly becoming acting Secretary General twice. Firstly by replacing Manfred Wörner on August 13, 1994 after the latter resigned in the last stages of cancer. He was then replaced by Willy Claes on October 17, 1994 who resigned on alleged corruption charges on October 20, 1995. 

Balanzino, who had gone back to being Deputy, again took over the reins until he was replaced on December 5, 1995 by Javier Solana. He died in Rome in February 2018. 

Heat transfer

Heat transfer is the way the heat moves from one physical system (or body) to another. Heat transfer requires a difference in temperature. Heat moves from the hotter body (higher temperature) to the colder one (lower temperature). The bodies in question may be in a solid state, a liquid state or a gaseous state. There are three modes of heat transfer: conduction, convection and radiation.

Martin Walser

Martin Walser (24 March 1927 – 26 July 2023) was a German writer. He became famous for talking about the troubles for anti-heroes he had in his novels and stories. In 1998 he was awarded the Peace Prize of the German Book Trade in Frankfurt. Walser was born in Wasserburg am Bodensee, Germany.

At the age of 17, Walser became a member of the Nazi Party on 20 April 1944, though Walser denied that he entered the party.

Walser died on 26 July 2023 in Überlingen, Germany at the age of 96.

He was among the important German authors after the Second World War.

Most of his works are about the protagonists, and the inner conflicts they have to overcome. This is similar to the world of other German-language writers of the time, such as Heinrich Böll, Peter Handke or Siegfried Lenz.


Hans Magnus Enzensberger

Hans Magnus Enzensberger (11 November 1929 – 24 November 2022) was a German author, poet, translator and editor. He wrote under the pseudonym Andreas Thalmayr. He was born in Kaufbeuren, Bavaria. He moved to Nuremberg in 1931. Enzensberger has a sarcastic, ironic tone in many of his poems.

He died in Munich on 24 November 2022.


Ōfunato

The city of Ōfunato was originally part of the ancient Mutsu Province. It has been settled since the Jōmon period. The modern village of Ōfunato was made within Kesen District, Iwate on April 1, 1889. In 1896, the Meiji-Sanriku earthquake caused a 25-meter tsunami that killed 27,000 people in Sanriku. Ōfunato was promoted officially promoted to town status on April 1, 1932. In 1933, a 8.4 magnitude earthquake stuck the town and caused a 28-meter tsunami that killed 1522 people. On April 1, 1952, the town of Sakari, and villages of Akasaki, Takkon, Massaki, Ikawa and Hikoroichi all merged with Ōfunato to form the city. On November 15, 2001, the town of Sanriku (from Kesen District) also merged into Ōfunato.

Ōfunato was very badly damaged by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. The wave that hit the city was estimated to have reached 23.6 meters in height.

It was listed that 3,498 out of 15,138 houses in the town were destroyed by the tsunami and 305 people were confirmed dead. At least six of Ōfunato's 58 designated evacuation sites were flooded by the tsunami.


El Escorial, Madrid

El Escorial is a municipality in the administrative district of Madrid. It is located northwest of the Spanish capital Madrid. Its population in 2013 was 15,197.

<br>

Heritage of Mercury. Almadén and Idrija

Heritage of Mercury. Almadén and Idrija is a joint UNESCO World Heritage site in Almadén, Spain, and Idrija, Slovenia. The property includes two mercury mining sites. In Almadén mercury has been extracted since antiquity, while in Idrija it was first found in 1490 AD. The Almadén site includes buildings relating to its mining history. These include Retamar Castle, religious buildings and traditional houses. The site in Idrija notably features mercury storage and infrastructure. It also includes miners’ living quarters, and a miners’ theatre. The sites shows how trade in mercury generated important exchanges between Europe and America over the centuries. The two sites represent the two largest mercury mines in the world and were working mines until recent times.

Bardenas Reales

The Bardenas Reales is a semi-desert natural region, or badlands. It is about and is located in southeast Navarre (Spain). The soils are made up of clay, chalk and sandstone. They have been eroded by water and wind. This has created a number of shapes, canyons, plateaus, tabular structures and isolated hills, called seamounts. Bardenas lacks urban areas and vegetation is scarce.

The Bardenas is in the southeast of Navarra, bordering Aragon. It is located in the middle of the depression of the Ebro valley at the foot of the mountains of the Yugo and the Zaragoza region of Cinco Villas. It is from north to south and east-west and at an altitude ranging between . Its area is . Limited to sixteen municipalities, of which thirteen are in Navarre and three in the province of Zaragoza.


Ryan VandenBussche

Ryan VandenBussche (born February 28, 1973) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 9 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the New York Rangers, Chicago Blackhawks, and Pittsburgh Penguins. He was known for his pugilistic skills.

Before playing in the NHL, VandenBussche played 2 seasons with the Cornwall Royals of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL).

He was drafted with the 173rd overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft. He spent most of his first seasons between the OHL and the American Hockey League (AHL) with the St. John's Maple Leafs, Springfield Indians, and Binghamton Rangers.

On August 22, 1995, he signed a contract with the New York Rangers after he became an unrestricted free agent. After he spent two seasons in the AHL with the Rangers AHL-affiliate team, the Binghamton Rangers, VandenBussche made his NHL debut on December 13, 1996 in a 3-0 win against the Buffalo Sabres.

After 27 games with the Rangers over 2 seasons, the Rangers traded VandenBussche to the Chicago Blackhawks for Ryan Risidore on March 24, 1998. With the Blackhawks, VandenBussche played 263 games over 7 years with them.

On July 12, 2004, he signed a contract with the Pittsburgh Penguins as an unrestricted free agent.
He only played 20 games with the Penguins before he was signed for a try-out by Jokerit of the SM-liiga on September 25, 2006.

He signed with the New Mexico Scorpions of the Central Hockey League (CHL) as a player/coach on November 5, 2006. On January 17, 2007, he announced that he was retiring from playing professional hockey because of medical reasons.

During his career, VandenBussche was mainly known as an enforcer. He is known for ending the career of Nick Kypreos during a fight in a pre-season game in September 1997.

After retiring, he decided to sell real estate with his wife Lisa, and under the direction of his father Ron, in Norfolk County.

On July 3, 2006, VandenBussche was charged with three counts of assaulting police and one count of uttering a death threat after a fight at a bar in Turkey Point. He was later cleared of the charges.

Inverse-square law

In physics, an inverse-square law is a physical law that states that the farther away an object is from an effect, or a physical quantity causing an effect, the less change can be observed in the object.

The following are examples of when this law applies:

Sant Feliu de Llobregat Cathedral

Sant Feliu de Llobregat Cathedral or the Cathedral of Saint Lawrence (, ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Sant Feliu de Llobregat, Catalonia, Spain. It is the seat of the Diocese of Sant Feliu de Llobregat.

Bilbao Cathedral

Santiago Cathedral (; ) is a Catholic cathedral in the city of Bilbao, Basque Country, Spain. It was originally built as a Gothic church in the late 14th century. After a fire in the 1500s it was rebuilt. It was officially given the status of a cathedral in 1950.


Horned owl

Bubo is a genus of large owls. It includes the eagle-owls (Old World) and the horned owls (the Americas). This genus contains about one or two dozen species of typical owls (family Strigidae) and is found in many parts of the world. Some of the largest living Strigiformes are in "Bubo". Traditionally, only owls with ear-tufts were included here, but that is no longer the case.

Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) cytochrome "b" sequence data supports the decision to put the snowy owl, an eagle-owl adapted to Arctic conditions, into "Bubo".

The fish-owls in the genus "Ketupa", and the "Scotopelia" fishing owls, are also closely related. They might be moved into "Bubus", but that would make the genus rather large. As it is some of these owls, like Verreaux's eagle-owl, are not studied enough. More research is needed.

Prince of Asturias

Prince of Asturias (, ) is the traditional title given to the heir to the Spanish throne. John I of Castile first gave the title to his oldest son, prince Henry (Henry III of Castile) in 1388. The title lapsed in 1931 when the monarchy was overthrown. Military dictator Francisco Franco appointed Juan Carlos de Borbón as his "successor with the title of King". But he gave him the new title of "Prince of Spain" instead of Prince of Asturias. In 1977 the title was given to Felipe VI of Spain, who was the eldest son and then heir apparent of King Juan Carlos I.

In preservation of the legacy of the family and its heirs, they've established The Princess of Asturias Foundation. It is a non-profit organization assembled the Princess of Asturias Awards, which presents academic ceremony each year in Oviedo, the capital of the Principality of Asturias. The foundation celebrates and promotes excellence in the cultural, scientific, and humanistic values. 

List of some people who held the title:

Palacio de Villena (Cadalso de los Vidrios)

The Palace of Villena () is a palace in Cadalso de los Vidrios, Spain. It was built by Álvaro de Luna, Duke of Trujillo.

The building and the gardens are listed as a Spanish Property of Cultural Interest.
The building is listed as a "monument". It has been protected since 1931. The gardens are listed as a "jardín histórico" ("historic garden"). They have been protected since the 1970s.

James Arnold Taylor

James Arnold Taylor (born July 22, 1969) is an American actor and voice actor. He has voiced Obi-Wan Kenobi, Plo Koon and other "Star Wars" characters. He voices Obi-Wan Kenobi in "Star Wars: The Clone Wars" and "Star Wars: Rebels". He also voices Johnny Test and Fred Flintstone.

Shaker Heights, Ohio

Shaker Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2020 Census, the city population was 29,439.


Chardon, Ohio

Chardon is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Geauga County, Ohio, United States. The population was 5,242 at the 2020 census.


Ebola virus cases in the United States

On September 30, 2014, the first case of Ebola virus disease was diagnosed in the United States. It came from a 42-year-old Liberian national, Thomas Eric Duncan. Even before Duncan's diagnosis, three Americans had been medically evacuated from Africa and treated in the United States for Ebola virus disease. This was during the current Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Two were treated at Emory University Hospital's isolation unit and one at Nebraska Medical Center.

Duncan, who came from Liberia, had been visiting family in Dallas, Texas. He was treated at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas. By October 4, his condition had deteriorated from "serious but stable" to "critical". On October 4, Duncan started receiving the experimental drug brincidofovir, but remained in critical condition. On October 8, Duncan died of Ebola virus disease.


Jeen van den Berg

Jeen van den Berg (8 January 1928 - 8 October 2014) was a Dutch speed skater. He was known as the winner of the Elfstedentocht of 1954. He rode the race a record seven times. His first time was in 1947. His final race was in 1997. van den Berg was born in De Veenhoop, Netherlands.

On 3 February 1954, van den Berg finished the race in a record 7 hours and 35 minutes, a record bettered by Evert van Benthem only 31 years later. He came third in the infamous 1963 race. In 1973 he became the first Dutch marathon skate champion.

van den Berg died in Heerenveen, Netherlands, aged 86.

Mike Waugh

Michael L. "Mike" Waugh (December 17, 1955 – October 8, 2014) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. Waugh was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 28th District from 1998 until 2014. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1993 through 1998.

Waugh left his job on January 13, 2014, after he learned he had pancreatic cancer. He died on October 8, 2014 of cancer.

Feridun Buğeker

Feridun İsmail Buğeker (5 April 1933 – 6 October 2014) was a Turkish football forward who played for Turkey in the 1954 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Fenerbahçe S.K. between 1950–55 and 1961-63. He was born in Istanbul, Turkey.

Buğeker died in Istanbul, Turkey, aged 81.

Cigar (horse)

Cigar (April 18, 1990 – October 7, 2014) was an American thoroughbred racehorse. In 1995 and 1996, Cigar won 16 races in a row. He was the first American racehorse racing against top-class competition to do that since Citation in 1948 and 1950. 

When Cigar retired, he had made more money than any other American Thoroughbred racehorse. He is now in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.

Cigar died from spinal surgery complications in Lexington, Kentucky, aged 24.

Doñana National Park

Doñana National Park is a natural reserve in southern Spain. It is in Andalusia, in the provinces of Huelva and Seville. It is in Las Marismas, where the Guadalquivir River flows into the Atlantic Ocean. The park covers . Of that area, are protected. The park has marshes, shallow streams, and sand dunes. It was named as a nature reserve in 1969. The World Wildlife Fund and the Spanish government bought a section of marshes to protect it. The eco-system has been in danger from draining the marshes, using river water to irrigate land along the coast, and making tourist facilities bigger. The park is named after Doña Ana de Silva y Mendoza, the wife of Alonso Pérez de Guzmán, 7th Duke of Medina Sidonia.

Doñana National Park was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Monastery of Santa Maria de Ripoll

The Monastery of Santa Maria de Ripoll is a Benedictine monastery in the town of Ripoll in Catalonia, Spain. It was built in the Romanesque style. Much of the church was rebuilt in the 19th century. The sculptured portico is a noted work of Romanesque art.
The monastery was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

San Juan de la Peña

The monastery of San Juan de la Peña is a religious complex in the town of Santa Cruz de la Serós. It is to the southwest of Jaca, in the province of Huesca, Spain. It was one of the most important monasteries in Aragon in the Middle Ages. Its two-level church is partly carved in the stone of the large cliff that is over the foundation. "San Juan de la Peña" means "Saint John of the Cliff".

The monastery was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

<br>


Prism (disambiguation)

Prism may mean:


Almería Cathedral

The Cathedral of Almería (), in full the Cathedral of the Incarnation of Almería (), is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Almería, Andalusia. It is the seat of the Diocese of Almería.

The cathedral was built in Gothic and Renaissance architectural styles from 1524 to 1562. Its last bell was built in 1805.

Cartagena Cathedral

The Cathedral of Cartagena (also called Cathedral of Santa María la Vieja) was a cathedral of the Diocese of Cartagena. It was in the old town of Cartagena. It has been in ruins since 1939, when it was destroyed in the Spanish Civil War.

Alcalá de Henares Cathedral

The Alcalá de Henares Cathedral (also called as Cathedral of St Justus and St Pastor in Alcalá de Henares) () is a Catholic cathedral in Alcalá de Henares, Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1904.


Mérida Cathedral

The Mérida Cathedral in Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico, is one of the oldest cathedrals in the Americas.

The cathedral was built on the site of Mayan ruins Tiho.


Astorga Cathedral

The Cathedral of Astorga () is a Roman Catholic church in Astorga, Spain. It was declared a national monument in 1931. Bishop of this cathedral is Camilo Lorenzo Iglesias (Bishop of Astorga).


San Sebastián Cathedral

The San Sebastián Cathedral (also known as Cathedral of the Good Shepherd)̠ (, ) is a cathedral in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa, Basque Country, Spain. It is the seat of the suffragan Diocese of San Sebastián and under to the Archdiocese of Pamplona y Tudela.


Jerez de la Frontera Cathedral

The Cathedral of San Salvador is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Asidonia-Jerez in Jerez de la Frontera, Andalusia, southern Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1931. It was elevated to the rank of cathedral in 1980.

Built in the 17th century, it is a mix of Gothic, Baroque and Neoclassicist style.


Cádiz Cathedral

Cádiz Cathedral () is a Roman Catholic church in Cádiz, southern Spain, and the seat of the Diocese of Cadiz y Ceuta. It was built between 1722 and 1838. The cathedral was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1931.

Ceuta Cathedral

The Cathedral of St Mary of the Assumption () is the Roman Catholic cathedral of the Spanish city of Ceuta located in a small exclave on the north coast of Africa.

The cathedral is a 15th-century structure, built on the site of a sixth-century Christian church. The cathedral contains works of art dating from the 17th century to the present day.

Las Palmas Cathedral

The Cathedral of Santa Ana (Holy Cathedral-Basilica of Canary or Cathedral of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is a cathedral in Las Palmas, Canary Islands. It is the seat of the Diocese of the Canaries in the Roman Catholic Church. It is in the Vegueta neighborhood, next to the Plaza Mayor of Santa Ana. The feast of the cathedral's dedication is celebrated annually on November 26. It is one of two cathedrals in the Canary Islands, near the La Laguna Cathedral in Tenerife.

La Laguna Cathedral

The Cathedral of San Cristóbal de La Laguna or Catedral de Nuestra Señora de los Remedios ("Santa Iglesia Catedral de San Cristóbal de La Laguna" in Spanish) is a Catholic cathedral in Tenerife, Spain. It started construction in 1904 and was completed in 1915. It is dedicated to the Virgin of Los Remedios (patron of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Cristóbal de La Laguna). This is one of the most important cathedrals in the Canary Islands.

Tarragona Cathedral

The Cathedral of Tarragona is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Tarragona, Spain. The site was previously occupied by a Roman temple of Jupiter. Later it was a Visigothic cathedral, then a Moorish mosque. It was declared a national monument in 1905. During the Spanish Civil War the cathedral was vandalized and in 1939 a reconciliation rite was celebrated.


Solsona Cathedral

The Cathedral of Solsona is a cathedral in Solsona, Catalonia, Spain. The apse, in Roman style, probably dates from the twelfth century.


Vic Cathedral

Vic Cathedral (, ), officially the Cathedral of St. Peter the Apostle (, ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Vic, Catalonia, Spain. It is the seat of the Diocese of Vic.

It has a mix of Romanesque, Gothic, Baroque and Neoclassic styles.

Neanderthal 1

Neanderthal 1 is the name of the first fossil found that was clearly identified as a Neanderthal ("Homo neanderthalensis"). Sometimes this fossil is also called Feldhofer 1, but that name is less common.

It is not the first fossil found of a Neanderthal, but before this find, the importance of the fossils was unclear. The fossil is part of a skull, with a fragment of the left temporal bone, part of the right scapula (shoulder blade), the right clavicle, both humeri (bones in the upper arm), one radius (a bone in the forearm), both ulnae (another bone in the forearm), five ribs, an almost complete half pelvis, and both femurs.

Studies done in 1999 included a radiocarbon dating of the bones: The bones were fouund to be about 39.900 ± 620 years old. This means this Neanderthal was from one of the last Neanderthal populations in Europe. In the 1990s and 2000s, bones from two other Neanderhals were found nearby, they are called Neanderthal 2 and Neanderthal 3 respectively. Neanderthal 2 has the same age, but a lighter build. Neanderthal 3 was probably a teenager.

Neanderthal 1 was male. At the time of death, he was between 40 and 42 years old.

Gall–Peters projection

The Gall–Peters projection is an equal-area map projection. It cannot be used to navigate with. It is a map style that has areas near the equator appear to be smaller than they are. Those areas closer to the poles appear larger. It was named after James Gall and Arno Peters. A controversy came up in the late 20th century about the political implications of map design. Maps based on this projection are promoted by UNESCO. They are also widely used by British schools.The Gall-Peters projection was Made in 1885 but publiched by Arno Peters in 1974.

Gullan Bornemark

Elin Gunhild "Gullan" Bornemark (born "Bohlin"; 28 November 1927 in Härnösand, Sweden) is a Swedish musician, lyricist and composer. Between 1951 and 2007, she was also active as a music teacher.


Mad Money

Mad Money is a 2008 criminal-comedy thriller movie. Diane Keaton plays Bridget. Katie Holmes plays Jackie. Queen Latifah plays Nina.

The movie received mixed to negative reviews from the critics. It was released on January 18, 2008.

Sigüenza Cathedral

The Cathedral of Sigüenza () is a cathedral in Guadalajara, Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1931. It is built in Romanesque and Gothic style.
The cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sigüenza-Guadalajara.

Co-cathedral of Santa María de la Fuente la Mayor

The Co-cathedral of Santa María de la Fuente la Mayor () is a co-cathedral in Guadalajara, Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1941.

Felix Körling

John "Felix" August Körling, born 17 December 1864, in Kristdala, Sweden, dead 8 January 1937 in Halmstad, Sweden, was a Swedish composer, church musician and music teacher. He was the brother of Sven Körling and son of August Körling. Felix Körling also wrote children's songs.

Olle Widestrand

John Olof "Olle" Widestrand, born 9 July 1932, dead 25 March 2018, was a Swedish parish-musician, teacher and composer. He is represented in Den svenska psalmboken 1986 with two works (number 61 and 90) and several other hymnals with one hymn. He has written several children's songs and published songbooks and educational materials for schools. He lived in the town of Jönköping until his death.


Britt G. Hallqvist

Britt Gerda Hallqvist, born "Nyman" 14 February 1914 in Umeå, Sweden, dead 20 March 1997 in Lund, Sweden was a Swedish hymnwriter, poet and translator. Her grandfather was medical professor Salomon Eberhard Henschen and she was also the cousin of neurology professor David H. Ingvar and his sister Cilla Ingvar.

Archbishop's Palace of Alcalá de Henares

The Archbishop's Palace of Alcalá de Henares (Spanish: "Palacio Arzobispal de Alcalá de Henares") is a palace in Alcalá de Henares, Spain. It was listed as a Spanish Property of Cultural Interest in 1931.

Elizabeth Ann Seton

Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton (August 28, 1774 – January 4, 1821) was the first native-born citizen of the United States to be made a saint by the Roman Catholic Church. She was canonized on September 14, 1975. 

Seton started the first Catholic school in the country. This school was at Emmitsburg, Maryland. She also founded the first American congregation of religious sisters. It is called the Sisters of Charity.

Elizabeth Ann Bayley was born on August 28, 1774. She was the second child of Dr. Richard Bayley and Catherine Charlton of New York City. They were Protestants. 

On January 25, 1794, at age 19, Elizabeth married William Magee Seton, aged 25. He was a wealthy businessman. They had five children. William Seton brought the first Stradivarius violin to America.

Seton's husband died in Italy on December 27, 1803. Seton learned about Roman Catholicism in Italy. After she came back to the United States, she joined the Catholic Church. She was received on March 14, 1805 by the Rev. Matthew O'Brien, pastor of St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church, New York.

In 1809, Seton moved to Emmitsburg, Maryland. A year later she started the Saint Joseph's Academy and Free School. That school was dedicated to the education of Catholic girls.

On July 31, Elizabeth established a religious community in Emmitsburg. This community took care of poor children. This was the first congregation of religious sisters to be founded in the United States. Its school was the first free Catholic school in America. This was the start of the Catholic parochial school system in the United States.

Seton spent the rest of her life developing her religious community. She died of tuberculosis on January 4, 1821. She was 46. Her remains are in the National Shrine of Saint Elizabeth Ann Seton in Emmitsburg, Maryland.

Magnus Uggla

Per Allan Magnus Claësson Uggla (pronounced ; born June 18, 1954 in Stockholm) is a Swedish artist, composer, actor, and occasional radio host. He is known for songs with satirical lyrics. Breaking through in the 1970s, in 2006, he released his 13th studio album.


Carl Bertil Agnestig

Carl Bertil Agnestig, originally "Andersson", born 7 March 1924 in Järvsö Parish, Sweden, is a Swedish music teacher and composer.

He is known for music-instruction books and has written several songs, one of the more well-known is "Adventstid". He's represented in Den svenska psalmboken 1986 with two works, (nr 214 b and 443). 

Methods of Mayhem

Methods of Mayhem is an American heavy metal band formed in 1999.


Iva Withers

Pearl Iva Edith Withers (July 7, 1917 – October 7, 2014) was a Canadian-born American actress and singer. She was best known as a replacement player who had long runs in some of Rodgers and Hammerstein's biggest musical theatre hits. 

She also appeared in "Carousel", "South Pacific" and "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes". Withers was born in Rivers, Manitoba, Canada.

Withers died in Englewood, New Jersey at age 97 on October 7, 2014 at the Lillian Booth Actors Home.

Ghost Festival

The Ghost Festival, also called the Hungry Ghost Festival, is held on the 15th day of the seventh lunar month. Both Buddhists and Taoists celebrate this festival. The belief is that the gate to the underworld opens on the first day of the seventh lunar month. This month is regarded as the Ghost Month. All of the ghosts and spirits are released from hell. They are free to wander for the whole month. People hold ceremonies to welcome the ghosts and spirits. 

Traditionally, the Chinese call Ghost Festival ""Chung-yuan" Festival". Taoists believe it is the birthday of "Yenlo Wang", the Demon King. In the first half of the 6th century AD it became a Buddhist festival. It has kept the same form since then. During the 20th century Republican and Communist governments saw this as a relic of the past. The People’s Republic of China did not allow public religious celebrations including ghost festivals. But reforms in the 1970s allowed these festivals to return. 

The offering ritual is the most important part of the celebration. People arrange long tables in front of the houses and temples. This is for offering food to ghosts. At the height of the celebration priests toss food and candy in the air. This is to feed the hungry ghosts. Children, and sometimes adults, scramble to gather the sweets. People also offer the ghosts incense, paper clothes and "spirit money". 
Salvation lanterns are used to guiding the wandering spirits and evil ghosts. They are placed at the doors of homes and temples. The lanterns are set up on the last day of the end of the sixth lunar month. They are lit at midnight each night during Ghost month. When the gates to the ghost world are closed, the lanterns are put away.

Water lanterns are for the water ghosts who died from drowning. They illuminate the waterways to bring ghosts up to the celebrations. This allows the ghosts from the underworld and underwater are able to be in the same space peacefully. 
The stealing the lone object activity is called “Chiang-Gu”. This is celebrated in Yi-Lan. Competitors climb up a tall tower to reach a prize. The game was banned for some time due to people falling and being injured or killed. In 1991 the game was brought back.
On the first day of the eighth month in the lunar calendar the gates to the temples are closed. This represents the end of the Ghost month. It is the time for the wandering souls to go back to the underworld. A Taoist priest uses a sword to expel away the wandering soul. He shuts the gate of the underworld in the northeast position, and brings the event to a successful close.

Ghost festivals are celebrated across Asia. This includes China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, and Japan. It is also celebrated by many of the 34 million Chinese who live overseas.

Peter A. Peyser

Peter A. Peyser (September 7, 1921 – October 9, 2014) was an American politician. He was a United States Representative from New York. He served as representative from 1971 to 1977 as a Republican and from 1979 to 1983 as a Democrat.

On October 9, 2014, he died of Parkinson's disease. He was 93.

Leif Bloms

Leif Bloms was a dansband in Växjö in Sweden. The band scored chart successes at the Swedish album chart during the mid-late 1970's. On 31 December 1995 the band was disbanded after singing and playing together for almost 40 years. Starting with the 1981 album "Håll dig kvar", the band's singer was Mona Gustafsson, who wrote the band's 1992 song "Dej ska jag älska all min tid" which won the 1992 Hänt song contest in Älvsjö. After the band was disbanded, Mona Gustafsson, Patrik Ahlm and René Saulesco founded another dansband, .






Mona G:s orkester

Mona G:s orkester was a dansband in Växjö, Sweden, founded in 1996 in that town by Mona Gustafsson, Patrik Ahlm and René Saulesco, former members of Leif Bloms, which had been disbanded on 31 December 1996. The band's first gig was at "Sommarlust" in Kristianstad during the 1996 Epiphany holiday.






Fernandoz

Fernandoz is a Swedish dansband formed in 1986 in Vitsand, near Torsby. They had a big hit in 1991 entitled with the song "Jag vet att jag vill ha dig". The band won the "svenska dansbandsmästare" award in 1993 and soon begun to appear at Bingolotto. Their most recognized hits include "Guld och gröna skogar", "En dag den sommaren", "När ett hjärta har älskat" Band guitarist Conny Ohlson and singer Anders Nordlund have won a Swedish Grammy "Guldklaven" for their work.

Because of its long existence, the band has seen many changes. 

Present members:

Earlier members:





Helene &amp; gänget

Helene & gänget was a dansband in Kristianstad in Sweden. It was founded in 1990 by members of the Färmarna dansband. The band broke through in 1995 with the album "Segla din båt i hamn". The band broke up in 2002 and its singer Helene Persson begun acting as SR Kristianstad programme host. Famous songs recorded by the band are "Segla din båt i hamn", "En korg med blommor" and "Nånstans så finns du".









Sarracenia

Sarracenia ( or ) is a genus of 8 to 11 species of carnivorous plants. They are often called trumpet pitchers. The genus is in the family Sarraceniaceae. That family also contains "Darlingtonia" and "Heliamphora".

In the wild, "Sarracenia" grows around the East Coast of the United States, Texas, the Great Lakes area and southeast Canada. Most species grow only in the southeast United States. Only "S. purpurea" can live in cold places. The plant's leaves have evolved into a funnel in order to trap insects. The plant digests its food with proteases and other enzymes.

Jan Hooks

Janice "Jan" Hooks (April 23, 1957 – October 9, 2014) was an American actress and comedian. She was best known for her work on NBC's "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL"). She starred in SNL from 1986 to 1991. She was also known for her roles in "Designing Women", "3rd Rock From the Sun", "The Simpsons", and in "Batman Returns". 

Hooks died on October 9, 2014 in Woodstock, New York from non-chemo reactive throat cancer, aged 57.


Karen Lewis

Karen Lewis (June 26, 1953 – February 7, 2021) was an American Chicago Public Schools teacher and labor leader. She was the president of the Chicago Teachers Union from 2010 to 2014. She was a former King College Prep High School and Lane Technical High School chemistry teacher. She was a teacher for 22 years.

Lewis was considering running for Mayor of Chicago in 2015. In July 2014 poll, Lewis defeated Emanuel in a hypothetical electoral contest by 45-36 . She decided not to run for mayor due to health issues and endorses Chuy Garcia.

On October 9, 2014, Lewis was hospitalized for a "serious illness". At the time, no further details about Lewis' health have been revealed. On October 13, a source confirmed that Lewis had been diagnosed with glioblastoma. 

Lewis died from problems caused by the cancer in Chicago on February 7, 2021 at the age of 67.

Sphagnum

Sphagnum is a genus of about 120 species of mosses. "Sphagnum" moss can store water. Both living and dead plants can soak up water. Each sphagnum plant can hold up to 1 billion times as much water as their dry weight, depending on the species.

"Sphagnum" helps make peat bogs in temperate wetlands.

Denard Span

Keiunta Denard Span (born February 27, 1984) is an American professional baseball player for the Tampa Bay Rays. He is an outfielder. He has also played for the Minnesota Twins, Washington Nationals, and the San Francisco Giants.

Span bats and throws left-handed. He is also one of the top defensive players.

Five Nights at Freddy's

Five Nights at Freddy's (FNaF) is an indie survival horror video game. It was made by Scott Cawthon and is powered by Clickteam Fusion. The first game was released August 8, 2014. The game takes place in the fictional pizza restaurant, Freddy Fazbear’s Pizza. The player acts as a night security guard with the aim of keeping safe from the animatronic animal characters that are stated to be "malfunctioning" (though later games imply a more supernatural reason). To complete the levels of the game called Nights - the player must keep the antagonists away from the guard's office, using mechanical doors, lights, and a CCTV camera panel. The animatronic characters in the first game of the series are named Freddy Fazbear, Bonnie, Chica, Foxy and Golden Freddy.

In November 2014, a prequel, "Five Nights at Freddy's 2" was released. In 2015, "Five Nights at Freddy's 3" and "Five Nights at Freddy's 4" were released. A Five Nights at Freddy's RPG called FNAF World was released on 2016. A fifth game, "" was released the same year. A feature-changing game called "Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria Simulator" was made in 2017. In 2018, yet another game was released called "Ultimate" "Custom Night" featuring almost every character from the series, including some fan characters. In 2019, was released with it’s own DLC "'Five Nights at Freddy's: Curse of Dreadbear'" which included scenarios with animatronics. In 2021, the massive project was made with the help from Steel Wool Studios being an Open world game. Two years later, the game received a free DLC "'Ruin"', which is an extension of the story for the base game. In 2023, "Five Nights at Freddy's: Help Wanted 2" was released. 

"See all of Five Nights at Freddy's titled media here".

The game series has a complicated and heavily hidden storyline that has sparked thousands of fan-made theories around the world, with the main goal being a reliable "timeline" of the events and characters in the series. Tons of lore and timeline secrets are yet to be discovered. Thousands of fan's have tried to figure out what all the secrets are and trying to "solve" FNAF, most famously MatPat from the YouTube channel Game Theory, who has been FnaF theorizing for nearly 10 years.


Castres

Castres can refer to:

Eutely

Eutelic organisms have a fixed number of somatic cells when they reach maturity. The exact number is constant for any one species. Development proceeds by cell division until maturity; further growth occurs by cell enlargement only.

Most eutelic organisms are small or even microscopic: examples include the nematodes like ascaris, gastrotrichs, rotifers, tardigrades and dicyemida.


Hypnagogia

Hypnagogia is the state of mind that exists between being awake and sleep, or just after waking up.

People in this state may have experiences that resemble hallucinations, but are not. The person usually knows that it is not real, but very often nothing can be done against it. Most of these "pseudohallucinations" are visual experiences.

Other experiences that may happen are sleep paralysis and lucid dreams. All of these symptoms happen because of the changes that occur in the brain, and they are not linked to a disease.

The writings of Aristotle already talk about hypnagogia. In more recent centuries, many authors have referred to the state. Edgar Allan Poe, for example, wrote of the "fancies" he experienced "only when I am on the brink of sleep, with the consciousness that I am so".

Serious scientific inquiry began in the 19th century with Johannes Peter Müller, Jules Baillarger and Alfred Maury, and continued into the 20th century with Leroy.

With electroencephalography (EEG) in the mid 20th century, detecting such a state has become easier.

Church of la Magdalena (Torrelaguna)

The Church of la Magdalena () is a Gothic-style church in Torrelaguna, central Spain. It was listed as Spain's national heritage listing in 1983. The bell tower in this church was built in the 15th century, and was commissioned by cardinal Cisneros.

Jenny from the Block

"Jenny from the Block" is a song performed by American singer Jennifer Lopez. The song is a contemporary R&B and old school hip hop song. The single is about not changing despite having a fortune and being famous, and never forgetting where one came from. 

The song was released on September 26, 2002. It hit #3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song got mixed reviews from critics. It was a commercial success.

Receptor antagonist

A receptor antagonist is a biological repressor molecule. A receptor antagonist slows down the cell by stopping some of the cell reactions by clogging up the areas that make the cell work. They are sometimes called blockers, such as beta blockers. An antagonist is a ligand which blocks or dampens a biological effect. It acts against an agonist. They may block enzymes or passages through cell membranes.

They are part of the homeostatic system which regulates the body physiology. Some are made for pharmaceutical uses.

If You Had My Love

"If You Had My Love" is the debut single by Jennifer Lopez released on April 19, 1999 from Lopez' debut album "On the 6". The lyrics are about Lopez making rules for her lover before starting a relationship. The song was number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 1999.

Valeri Karpov

Valeri Yevgenievich Karpov (, 5 August 1971 – 10 October 2014) was an Russian ice hockey player. He played in the Soviet Hockey League and National Hockey League. He competed for Traktor Chelyabinsk and HC CSKA Moscow in Russia before moving to North America.

In the summer of 2014, during a fight in his house he took a hit to the head. Afterwards, he had a bad fall that resulted in a coma. He underwent two trepanning surgeries, but did not regain consciousness. He died on 10 October 2014.

Ed Nimmervoll

Edward Charles "Ed" Nimmervoll (21 September 1947 – 10 October 2014), was an Austrian-born Australian rock music journalist, author and historian. He worked with rock magazines "Go-Set" (1966–1974) and "Juke Magazine" (1975–92) both as a journalist and as an editor.

Nimmervoll died of brain cancer on 10 October 2014, at the age of 67. 

Lassa fever

Lassa fever or Lassa hemorrhagic fever (LHF) is a fever caused by the Lassa virus. It is common in West Africa. One in 80 people who get Lassa fever will die. Some cases are severe and require going to a hospital. These cases have a death rate of 1 in 5. Lassa Fever was discovered in 1969 after two nurses died from the disease. It was named for the town in Borno State, Nigeria where it was first diagnosed.

Lassa fever is transmitted from rodents to humans. It is caused by direct contact with rodent droppings. It can also be transmitted by humans to other humans by their blood. Lassa fever is common in West and Central Africa (around the equator).

Lassa fever cannot be transmitted by breathing. It is not very contagious between humans. However it is much more contagious among seriously ill patients. Lassa fever is transmitted by humans through skin lesions, mucous that is exposed to the virus, or by a patient's blood. This means healthcare workers (such as doctors and nurses) need to be especially careful in treating patients, or they risk getting the virus themselves.

In 80% of cases, the disease does not have any symptoms and does not make people ill. In the other 20% of cases it shows symptoms and becomes much more severe. About 5,000 people die from it each year.

In infected patients, the disease has an incubation period of 5 days to 3 weeks. During this time, the virus remains dormant and does not cause harm. After this time various symptoms begin to appear including:


In laboratories, there are many ways to test if a patient has Lassa fever. However, in many of the affected regions, there is no equipment to do the tests. This means sometimes people may not be correctly tested and identified with having Lassa fever.

If a patient is diagnosed with Lassa fever, then the patient will be kept away from other people, to prevent the spread of the virus. If found early, it is possible to treat Lassa fever with the medicine Ribavirin. Despite the fact the drug is relatively cheap, the medicine is still considered expensive for many people in affected regions. Patients may also require blood transfusions and rehydration.

Pregnant women in their 3rd trimester may need their baby's birth to be induced to allow them to have a chance of survival.

Due to the use of Ribavirin, fewer people are dying from Lassa fever.

It is not practical to control the amount of rodents in the affected states. Therefore the best way of prevention is to keep rodents out of houses and public areas to prevent people coming into contact with infected droppings. Infected patients should also be isolated to prevent the spread of the virus (by humans to other humans). In rich countries, diseases such as Lassa fever can be easily monitored by public health organisations to prevent outbreaks. Poor countries often cannot afford these services

There is a vaccine which has shown promise in primates. It has not yet been proved effective in humans.


Muhammad Jalal-ud-din

Muhammad Jalal-ud-din also known as Jalal Baba (1910-1981) was an activist and political leader of the All India Muslim League. He was born in Abbottabad District in British India. He was active from 1935 and 1936 onwards in the Pakistan Movement.

The Jalal Baba Auditorium in Abbottabad city, now in Pakistan, is named after him. 

Per Almar Aas

Per Almar Aas (11 June 1929 – 18 May 2014) was a Norwegian politician. He was for the Christian Democratic Party. He was born in Ballangen.

He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Troms in 1973, and was re-elected on three occasions. He had previously served as a deputy representative during the term 1969–1973.

On the local level he was a member of Harstad municipal council from 1967 to 1971. From 1971 to 1975 he was a member of Troms county council. He chaired the county party chapter from 1970 to 1973, and was a member of the national party board from 1970 to 1973 and 1985 to 1999.
Outside of politics he started his career as a manual laborer in Ballangen (1945–1950), Snåsa (1951), Ørsta (1951–1952) and Volda (1952–1953). In 1969 he settled in Harstad to become a school teacher.

Aas died in Oslo, Norway, aged 84.

Pauline Wagner

Pauline Cynthia Wagner (August 18, 1910 – May 2, 2014) was an American actress and glamour girl. She had minor roles in the 1930s. She made her debut in "King of Jazz" in 1930. 

Her first big role was in "College Lovers". She was Fay Wray's back-up in "King Kong" in 1933. She had small parts in "Lady Killer" and "Mr. Deeds Goes to Town". She worked for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and RKO. Her movie career ended in 1941. 

Wagner died in Glendale, California on May 2, 2014, aged 103.


Kailash Satyarthi

Kailash Satyarthi (born 11 January 1954) is an Indian children's rights activist. He founded the Bachpan Bachao Andolan (Save the Childhood Movement) in 1980. He has acted to protect the rights of 80,000 children.<ref name="http://www.hindustantimes.com"></ref>

He was awarded the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize, along with Malala Yousafzai, "for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education".

Shirin Ebadi

Shirin Ebadi ( "Širin Ebādi"; born 21 June 1947) is an Iranian lawyer, a former judge and human rights activist. She is the founder of Defenders of Human Rights Center in Iran. On 10 October 2003, Ebadi was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for her "significant and pioneering efforts for democracy and human rights, especially women's, children's, and refugee rights". She was the first ever Iranian to receive the prize.


Jinnah-Sikandar Pact

The famous Jinnah-Sikandar Pact was an agreement signed between Muhammad Ali Jinnah and Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, at Lucknow, British India, October 1937.

In 1937 the All India Muslim League was a weak party with very little political strength. It had lost the 1936 general elections in India quite badly. It needed more support from powerful Muslims to make it strong. The party wanted to help Muslims in India get their rights. So, in October 1937, M.A. Jinnah, the main leader of the Muslim League party, invited powerful Muslims to a conference in Lucknow city. One of the most powerful Muslim leaders was Sardar Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, KBE (1892-1942), Premier of the Punjab province and head of the Punjab Unionist Party. He was also invited by Jinnah to this big conference.

At this conference, at first most of the big and powerful Muslim leaders refused to accept Jinnah's request for help. Only Aga Khan III was ready to support him. At this time, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan thought that it would be bad if the Muslims did not stand united to get their rights. He thought it was time for unity. So, he convinced some other big leaders to join him. These included Sir Saadullah of Assam, Molvi A.K. Fazlul Huq of Bengal, Nawab Sir Hamidullah Khan of Bhopal State and some others. They all went together and told Jinnah that they would support and help the Muslim League. A special agreement or pact was also signed at this time, between Jinnah and Sir Sikandar, called the 'Jinnah-Sikandar Pact'. This pact also said that all the Muslim members of the Punjab Unionist Party could join the Muslim League if they wanted to. Muslim people all over India were very happy to know that now, they had strong support from big leaders.

The Jinnah-Sikandar Pact was one of the most important documents and agreements of the Pakistan Movement. According to Professor Stanley Wolpert, '...it made Pakistan possible'. The Punjab was the biggest and richest province of British India. It linked together all the other Muslim areas and provinces. After this pact was signed in 1937, the Muslim League was next able to make the famous Pakistan Resolution at Lahore, Punjab, in 1940. And just seven years later, in 1947, an independent Pakistan was finally made.

Syed Amjad Ali, a Muslim leader of Punjab said that 'Thanks to the agreement reached between Jinnah and Sir Sikandar in Lucknow, the dream of Pakistan became real. All Pakistanis today should be thankful to these two great Muslim leaders and their wisdom'.

Khaksar movement

The Khaksar movement was a fanatical political and social movement of British India. It was probably started in 1931 by the genius and leader Inayatullah Mashriqi.

There are different opinions about the Khaksar Movement and its followers (called 'Khaksars'). Some conservative Sunni Muslims in India and Pakistan believe it was a movement to help reform Islam and guide Muslims to a better life. But many other people believe it was a fascist organization which wanted freedom from British regime in India. It wanted to then come to power and set up a secular and real Islamic state, in India.

The Khaksars (meaning 'humble persons') used to wear "Khaki" colored (light brown) uniforms and carry spades all the time. They were very well organized and ready all the time to obey the orders of their leaders.

In 1940, the Government of the Punjab ordered that the Khaksar leaders should be arrested in Lahore city. But the Khaksars attacked the official police force very violently, and then the police fired back at them killing many. This was called the 'Khaksar massacre of 1940'. In 1947, when Pakistan was finally made the Khaksars Movement closed down for some time. But later on, it started again. It wants to bring an 'Islamic Revolution' there. 

Inayatullah Mashriqi

Inayatullah Mashriqi or Inayatullah Khan al-Mashriqi also sometimes called Allama Mashriqi (1888-1963) was an Indian and later Pakistani mathematician, evil genius and political leader. He was the founder of the fascist Khaksar Movement. 

IHeartMedia

iHeartMedia, Inc. (known in the past as CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is a radio organization that was established in 1972. It was then taken as a private company in 2008. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (used to be known as Clear Channel Communications). It owns more than 850 AM radio and FM radio stations through the United States alone.

On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings changed their name to iHeartMedia, Inc., while Clear Channel Communications became iHeartCommunications, Inc.


Luxor Temple

Luxor Temple is an Ancient Egyptian temple, located in modern-day Luxor, which was known as Thebes at the time. The temple was dedicated to the god Amun, his wife Mut, and their son Chons. The temple was built during the time of the New Kingdom. Because some of the stones were re-used, an older monument was probably there beforehand, during the 12th dynasty. Some of the stones of the temple were later re-used to build Abu el-Haggag mosque. 

Together with the Temple at Karnak, Luxor Temple is on the list of World Heritage Sites. 

Note that Luxor Temple is different from the necropolis of Hatshepsut, located in Deir el-Bahari, which is also near Luxor. 

Trace fossil

Trace fossils (or ichnofossils) are geological records of biological activity. They are fossils, but not of the living things themselves. Probably the best-known examples are dinosaur trackways.

Trace fossils may be impressions made on the substrate by an organism. Burrows, borings, footprints, feeding marks, and root cavities are examples. The term includes the remains of other organic material produced by an organism for example coprolites (fossilized droppings) or chemical markers. Stromatolites are sediment structures produced by bacteria. Trace fossils contrast with body fossils, which are the fossilized remains of parts of organisms' bodies, usually altered by later chemical activity or mineralization.

Structures which are not produced by the behaviour of an organism are not considered trace fossils.

The study of traces is called ichnology. Traces reflect the behaviour, not usually not the biological affinity of their makers. They are given their own names in taxonomy, based on their appearance and the implied behaviour of their makers.


Lorenz attractor

The Lorenz attractor (also called Lorenz system) is a system of equations. Edward N. Lorenz formulated the equations as a simplified mathematical model for atmospheric convection. The equations are ordinary differential equations, called Lorenz equations. They are notable for having chaotic solutions for certain parameter values and starting conditions. In particular, the Lorenz attractor is a set of chaotic solutions of the Lorenz system which, when plotted, resemble a butterfly or figure eight.

The notion of butterfly effect is coupled with that of the Lorenz attractor. Lorenz first used the phrase in a speech he gave in 1972.

Ordinary differential equation

An ordinary differential equation (often shortened to ODE) is a differential equation which contains one free variable, and its derivatives. Ordinary differential equations are used for many scientific models and predictions. The term "ordinary" is used to differentiate them from partial differential equations, which contain more than one free variable, and their derivatives.

Since ODEs have appeared in mathematics and physics, many scientists have studied methods to solve them. But unfortunately, no one could establish methods to solve any kind of ODE. Therefore, numerical methods for ODEs are widely studied since the appearance of computers.

Margin Call (movie)

Margin Call is a 2011 American independent drama movie. The movie is about insider trading on Wall Street. Demi Moore plays Sarah Robertson. Mary McDonnell plays Mary Rogers. Kevin Spacey plays Sam Rogers.

The movie got positive reviews from the movie critics. It was released on October 21, 2011.

Inoculation

Inoculation (also known as variolation) is an historical method of making people immune to smallpox. Unlike a vaccine, inoculation uses infected material (for example scabs) from an infected patient. The benefit of inoculation is it gives the individual a less dangerous type of the virus. Another benefit of inoculation is the fact it has a death rate of 0.5% - 2% (as opposed to the 35% death rate of smallpox). Inoculation was eventually replaced after Edward Jenner discovered a vaccine against smallpox. 

China may have used inoculation in the 10th century. The Emperor of China at the time lost his eldest son to smallpox. He wanted a way to help prevent smallpox from killing any more members of his family. He summoned many people from throughout the empire to attempt to find a cure to smallpox. A man carried out inoculation to Immunise his family. However, the source of the story was supposedly written 100's of years after the event. 

Inoculation was not widely used in China until the 'Longqing Emperor' in the 16th century. This was written by Yu Tianchi. Inoculation using the most deadly strain of the virus was banned from use in China to prevent high death rates. Inoculation is documented to have been used in India in the 18th century. It may have been used earlier than that, but there is no evidence to prove this. 

The practice of Inoculation was first used in England after an ambassador's wife witnessed it in Constantinople. Her name was Lady Mary Wortley Montague and she was impressed by the benefits. She had lost her son, and bore scars of the virus herself. When an epidemic of smallpox occurred in England in 1721, she ordered that her daughter be inoculated. Many people visited her daughter, and were impressed at the results of inoculation. Eventually, inoculation was tested in Newgate Prison. This was before the members of the royal family were inoculated. After the success in England, many European countries began to use inoculation against smallpox.

In 1796 Edward Jenner discovered a vaccine against smallpox which had a very low death rate. It was also more effective. Inoculation began to be replaced by this new vaccine, and was eventually outlawed in England in 1840. France banned Inoculation in 1762 due to the death rates associated with it.

Evermoor

Evermoor is a new television series for the Disney Channel. It is produced by Lime Pictures. The series premiered on the Disney Channel (UK and Ireland) on 10 October 2014. It began on 17 October 2014 on the Disney Channel in the United States, and on the Family Channel in Canada. 

The series is about Tara Crossley. She is an American teen who moves from the United States to an English village called Evermoor. As her mother and father unpack at their new home, Tara, her brother, and her British step-siblings adjust to their new life. Danger, mystery and intrigue come along with the adventure.


On 17 March 2014, the series was announced. Filming took place in the spring of 2014 at Arley Hall in Cheshire. The series has been described as "a hugely exciting project for the team here in EMEA with a gripping story that I’m sure will captivate our global Disney Channel audience. The movie’s intriguing cast of characters also gives us a great opportunity to find exciting new talent” by David Levine. Lime Pictures produced the special, which was created by Diane Whitley and Tim Compton. The executive producers was Rebecca Hodgson. The producer was Compton. It was a co-production between Disney U.S. and the Walt Disney Company EMEA.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Battersea Dogs &amp; Cats Home

Battersea Dogs & Cats Home is the United Kingdom's oldest and most famous home for dogs and cats. It is in the Battersea area of London, England. The home gets its money from donations. 

Battersea Dogs & Cats Home was started in Holloway in 1860 by Mary Tealby. Its name was Temporary Home for Lost and Starving Dogs. In 1871 it moved to Battersea. Its name was changed because of this. In 1885, Queen Victoria became Patron of the home. The television show "For the Love of Dogs" is mostly filmed at Battersea. There are Battersea centres in Old Windsor, Berkshire and Brands Hatch, Kent as well as in Battersea.

The home has a goal to never turn away a dog or cat in need of help. It reunites lost dogs and cats with their owners. When they can not do this, the home cares for them until a new home can be found for them. It also aims to educate the public about responsible pet ownership.


Apse

In architecture, the apse (from Latin "apsis": "arch, vault") is a semicircular recess covered with a hemispherical vault or semi-dome. It is similar to another form known as an "exedra". In Romanesque, Byzantine and Gothic Christian abbey, cathedral and church architecture, the term is applied to a semi-circular or polygonal termination of the main building. This is usually at the liturgical east end (where the altar is). It is also regardless of the shape of the roof, which may be flat, sloping, domed, or hemispherical.

All I Have to Do Is Dream

"All I Have to Do is Dream" is an American popular song. The song was recorded in 1958 by the Everly Brothers. The song was near the top of several music charts in the United States in 1958.

The song was written by Felice and Boudleaux Bryant. It was recorded many times by other musicians, including Roy Orbison and Juice Newton.

Marked for Death

Marked for Death is a 1990 action movie. This movie is about a former DEA agent finding Jamaican drug dealers in his home town. Steven Seagal plays John Hatcher. Elizabeth Gracen plays Melissa Hatcher. Danielle Harris plays Tracey Hatcher.

This movie was released on October 5, 1990. It got mixed reviews from the critics. It got back almost $58 million at the box office.

Ontario Highway 417

Ontario Highway 417 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It starts on the eastern Ontario border with Quebec, near Hawkesbury, as an extension of Quebec Autoroute 40. It ends near Arnprior, where it becomes Ontario Highway 17. Construction on Highway 417 started in May 1969. The last section of the highway near Arnprior was finished in 2012.

Zilpha Keatley Snyder

Zilpha Keatley Snyder (May 11, 1927 – October 8, 2014) was an American author of books for children and young adults. Three of Snyder's works were named Newbery Honor books: "The Egypt Game", "The Headless Cupid" and "The Witches of Worm".

Snyder died in San Francisco, California from a stroke, aged 87.

Decatur, Georgia

Decatur is a city in, and county seat of, DeKalb County, Georgia, United States. It has a population of 24,928, as of the 2020 census.

Pavel Landovský

Pavel Landovský (September 11, 1936 – October 10, 2014) was a Czech actor, playwright and director. He was born in Německý Brod. He studied at the Faculty of Theatre in Prague. Landovský died in Prague, Czech Republic from a heart attack, aged 78.

Carmelo Simeone

Carmelo Simeone "Cholo", (September 22, 1933 – October 11, 2014) was an Argentine football defender. He won three league championships with Boca Juniors. Simeone played for the Argentina national team. He was born in Ciudadela, Argentina.

Simeone started his playing career in 1955 with Vélez Sársfield. In 1961 he joined Boca Juniors where he was an important defensive player in the teams that won the Argentine Primera in 1962, 1964 and 1965. Simeone left Boca In 1967 and spent some time playing for Sportivo Belgrano in the lower leagues of Argentine football.

Simeone represented Argentina at the Copa América in 1959, and at the 1966 FIFA World Cup.

Simeone died in Buenos Aires, Argentina, aged 81.


Juan José Pizzuti

Juan José Pizzuti (9 May 1927 – 24 January 2020) was an Argentine football striker and football manager. He enjoyed his most notable successes as a player. He was the manager of the Racing Club de Avellaneda. He was born in Barracas, Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Pizzuti played for Argentina between 1951 and 1959, he was part of the squad for the South American Championship in 1959 where he scored three goals to help them to win the title.

Pizzuti died on 24 January 2020 in Buenos Aires at the age of 92.

José Varacka

José Varacka (27 May 1932 – 22 October 2018) was an Argentine football player and coach. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Varacka played for three of the big five teams in Argentina. He started his career in 1952 with Independiente. In 1954 he played and scored in a famous 6–0 win over Real Madrid. He joined River Plate in 1960 where he played for six seasons.

In 1966 Varacka joined San Lorenzo de Almagro and after one season with the club he would down his career at Colo-Colo in Chile and then Miraflores in Peru.

Varacka played in the 1958 and 1966 editions of the FIFA World Cup. He played in the Copa América 1956 and 1959. He also played in the 1964 Copa de Las Naciones, played in Brazil.

Varacka started his managerial career with Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata in 1968. He went on to serve as the manager of Boca Juniors and River Plate.

Varacka died on 22 October 2018 in Buenos Aires at the age of 86.


José Sarney

José Sarney de Araújo Costa (born 24 April 1930) is a Brazilian politician, lawyer, and writer. He was President of Brazil from 15 March 1985 to 15 March 1990.

He was originally elected Vice President of Brazil with Tancredo Neves as President. However the day before the inauguration, Neves died from diverticulitis. Sarney was sworn in as Vice President of Brazil on 15 March 1985 and became president on 21 April.

In July 2021, Sarney was hospitalized for pleural effusion and had surgery to remove fluid from his lungs.

Albacete Cathedral

Albacete Cathedral (also known as Cathedral of San Juan de Albacete) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Albacete, Spain. 


Jaca Cathedral

Jaca Cathedral (also known as Cathedral of St Peter the Apostle), is the Roman Catholic cathedral of the Diocese of Jaca. It is in Jaca, Huesca, Spain.

This is the first Romanesque cathedral built in Aragon (1070s-early 12th century). It is one of the oldest cathedrals in the Iberian peninsula.



Ourense Cathedral

Ourense Cathedral (Catedral de Ourense or Catedral do San Martiño) is a cathedral in Ourense, Spain. It was founded in 550. It was made a Heritage site of Spain in 1931. It is mainly in the style of Gothic architecture. Building the cathedral was completed in 1220.


Getafe Cathedral

Getafe Cathedral (also known as Cathedral of La Magdalena) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Getafe, Spain. It was designed by Alonso de Covarrubias. The construction was begun in 1549. It was finished in 1770. The bell tower is in Mudéjar architectural style. The cathedral is known for its collection of fine paintings. It was declared as "Spanish Property of Cultural Interest" in 1958.


Santander Cathedral

Santander Cathedral is one of the most famous Roman Catholic holy buildings in the city of Santander, Spain. It is mainly built in the Gothic architectural style.



Damask

Damask is a weaving pattern that is usually used with silk or wool. It is a poular classical pattern. It is made with a special technique: the original Damask was made in the Ottoman Empire, Syria, Iran and Jordan.

Damask was first made using the five original weaving methods during the Middle Ages. It was common in the Byzantine Empire, and in Islamic areas. Its name comes from the city of Damascus, where the pattern and the manufacturing technique were invented. Damask lost popularity after the ninth century, except in Andalusia. It was revived by European weaving manufacturers, who got interested in oriental patterns and models. They made it on weaving looms from the 14th century onwards.

Damask is a pattern used today on computerized looms. Even if the original pattern was a colored one, the modern Damask is usually monochromatic. It is woven in silk, linen and even synthetic materials. The patterns can represent plants, flowers and fruits, but also other classical Arabian designs. The unique characteristic of the pattern is that the light reflects differently, when watched from different angles.


News Corp

News Corporation stylized as News Corp, is a mass media and publishing company headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It was formed on June 28, 2013, following a spin-off of the media outlets of the original News Corporation as 21st Century Fox (21CF). Operating across digital real estate information, news media, book publishing, and cable television, News Corp's notable assets include Dow Jones & Company (publisher of The Wall Street Journal), News UK (publisher of The Sun and The Times), News Corp Australia, REA Group (operator of realestate.com.au), Realtor.com, and book publisher HarperCollins. 

It is one of two companies that succeeded the original News Corp., alongside 21st Century Fox, which consisted of broadcasting and media properties such as Fox Entertainment Group. The spin-out was structured so that 21CF was the legal continuation of the original News Corp., with the new News Corp being a new company formed by a stock split. Since March 19, 2019, Fox Corporation (which holds 21CF's national broadcasting, news and sports assets due to 21CF's sale to Disney the next day) is the sister company of News Corp under the Murdoch family's control.

In September 2023, Rupert Murdoch announced he would step down as News Corp's chairman by November.

21st Century Fox

21st Century Fox (Twenty-First Century Fox) was an American multinational mass media corporation founded in 2013. In 2019, Disney acquired most of 21CF.

It is one of two companies made from the 2013 split of News Corporation (founded by Rupert Murdoch in 1979). 21st Century Fox has the broadcasting and movie assets and serves as the legal successor to News Corporation. The publishing assets were spun off to form News Corp at the same time. The split was so both companies operate under more "focused" management, which Murdoch claimed would "unlock" their true value.

Among the holdings of 21st Century Fox are Fox Entertainment Group. This owns the 20th Century Fox film studio and Fox television network. There are other assets, such as the pan-Asian pay channel operator Star India.

On December 14, 2017, The Walt Disney Company said that they would acquire a lot of 21st Century Fox's subsidiaries for $52 billion USD. This includes the 20th Century Fox studio and Fox's partnership with National Geographic. Some subsidiaries like Fox Broadcasting Company and Fox News Channel will still be a part of 21st Century Fox. The deal closed on March 20, 2019.

21st Century Fox primarily consisted of the media and broadcasting properties that were owned by its predecessor, such as the Fox Entertainment Group and Star India. News Corporation's broadcasting properties in Australia, such as Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia, remain a part of the newly renamed News Corp Australia—which was spun off with the current incarnation of News Corp and was not a part of 21st Century Fox.






Cable TV channels owned (in whole or part) and operated by 21st Century Fox include:



Punch-Out!!

Punch-Out!! is a series of boxing games created by Nintendo. There are seven games in the "Punch-Out" series. 

The player controls Little Mac as he fights his way up the ranks in the World Video Boxing Association. He is helped by his trainer, Doc Luis. Doc Luis later got his own WiiWare game. Little Mac is a playable fighter in both Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Super Smash Bros. for Wii U.

Ontario Highway 11

Ontario Highway 11 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It is long, which makes it Ontario's second longest highway. It starts at Highway 400 in Barrie in Central Ontario. It runs westward around the north of the Great Lakes and ends at Rainy River, Ontario near the border with Minnesota.

Zeist

Zeist is a town in Utrecht province, Netherlands. It is east of the city of Utrecht. The most famous site in Zeist is Slot Zeist. It is an historical building. 



Ontario Highway 21

Ontario Highway 21, also called King's Highway 21, is a provincial highway in southwestern Ontario, Canada. It starts near Ontario Highway 402, almost half way between Sarnia and London. It runs north/northeast for and ends in Owen Sound with Highway 6, Highway 10, and Highway 26. The roadway is referred to as the Bluewater Highway because it remains very close to the eastern shoreline of Lake Huron. It was started in 1927 as Highway 3 running across Kent and Lambton Counties. In 1930 it was extended and renamed King's Highway 21. It is one of Ontario's most treacherous roads for winter driving. Highway 21 is frequently closed during winter because of snow blowing off Lake Huron.

Nuclear DNA

Nuclear DNA is the DNA inside the cell nucleus of eukaryotic cells. This DNA is a double helix, with two strands wound around each other. This double helix structure was first described by Francis Crick and James D. Watson in 1953. 

This DNA is different from the DNA in bacteria, mitochondria and plastids such as chloroplasts. Nuclear DNA is very long, and is bound up in chromosomes which, apart from the DNA, are protein structures. The second difference is that each eukaryote cell has two sets of DNA, one set from each parent: it is diploid. Mitochondrial and plastid DNA is relatively short, is in a circle, and there is only one set (haploid), not two. It is supposed that these organelles were once independent bacteria (see endosymbiosis).

The consequence of nuclear DNA being double is highly important. The genes in mitochondria and plastids only change when a mutation happens. Nuclear DNA gets shuffled by the cell division known as meiosis, part of sexual reproduction. This leads to a variety of offspring from any two parents.

Another feature of nuclear DNA is that it is regulated by proteins and RNA systems which control the rate of transcription into messenger RNA. In this way, most of the cell products are adjusted according to the circumstances.

Kurtis Blow

Kurtis Blow (born Kurtis Walker; August 9, 1959) is an American rapper. He sang many major songs, like "Christmas Rappin'" and "The Breaks". In 1980, "The Breaks" was the first rap single that was certified gold.

He was born in The Bronx, New York City.

In 1979, he was the first rapper signed to Mercury Records.



Old-school hip hop

Old-school hip hop (also old school rap) is the earliest recorded hip hop music. It lasted from the late 1970s to around 1983 or 1984. This music is said to have ended in the early-to-mid 1980s due to changes in rapping techniques and the accompanying music and rhythms.

A lot of this music was about partying and having a good time. 

Old-school rappers include Kurtis Blow and Grandmaster Flash.

Bachelor of Science

Bachelor of Science is an academic degree awarded by a university or other qualified institution. It is a first degree, and is given to students who graduate in a science course. Bachelor's degrees may take three to five years to complete.

The degree gives graduates the right to put BSc (or sometimes BS) after their name.

Roll Bounce

Roll Bounce is an American comedy-drama movie. This movie is about roller skating in the late 1970s in Chicago. Bow Wow plays Xavier.

The movie was released on September 23, 2005.

Paola Andino

Paola Nicole Andino (born March 22, 1998) is an American actress of Puerto Rican origin. She is best known for her lead role of Emma Alonso in "Every Witch Way".

She was born in Bayamon,Puerto Rico. She and her family moved to Texas a few months after her third birthday.

As a child, she danced as member of the Lewisville's Footlights Dance Studio. At 10 years old she started the take acting classes in Lewisville. She appeared in a "Grey's Anatomy" episode, and in 2011 was in the movie "Beyond the Blackboard", playing Maria, a young homeless girl.

In December 2013, she got the lead role in the new Nickelodeon TV series "Every Witch Way" as Emma Alonso, a good witch discovering her new magic powers. The series was premiered on January 1, 2014 and is the American version of the Latin American telenovela "Grachi". For this role she was nominated to the "Best TV young actress" at the Image Awards 2014.

Lambton County

Lambton County is a county in Southwestern Ontario, Canada. The county seat is Plympton–Wyoming. The largest city in the county is Sarnia. The county was formed in 1849. It was named after John Lambton, 1st Earl of Durham.

According to the 2011 census, 124,623 people lived in the county. Most people in the county work in manufacturing and retail trade. The Pinery Provincial Park is a popular tourist destination.

Marc Fortier

Marc Fortier (born February 26, 1966) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre. He played a career total of 212 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Quebec Nordiques, Ottawa Senators, and Los Angeles Kings.

Before playing in the NHL, Fortier played 4 seasons with the Chicoutimi Saguenéens of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). He went undrafted but he was signed as a free agent on February 3, 1987. He spent his time between the Nordiques and their AHL-affiliates Fredericton Express and Halifax Citadels. After he became a free agent, Fortier signed a contract with the Ottawa Senators on October 1, 1992. He played 10 with the Senators and was traded by the Senators along with Jim Thomson to the Los Angeles Kings in exchange for Bob Kudelski and Shawn McCosh. He played 6 games with the Kings and then left.

He traveled to Europe and played for the ZSC Lions of the National League A for 3 seasons, Eisbären Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL) for 6 seasons, the Frankfurt Lions for 1 season, HC Ajoie of the National League B for 2 seasons and 4 games for HC Fribourg-Gottéron of the National League A.

He is currently the general manager of his old team, the Chicoutimi Saguenéens.

Southwestern Ontario

Southwestern Ontario is a subregion of Southern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario. It covers from the Bruce Peninsula in the north to Lake Erie in the south. From east to west, it goes from Guelph to Windsor. London is the largest city in the region.

In 2011 the population of the region was 2,504,878. Agriculture and auto manufacturing are a large parts of the region's economy. Much of Canada's trade with the eastern and midwestern United States passes through southwestern Ontario.

Owen Sound

Owen Sound is a city in Southwestern Ontario. It is the county seat of Grey County. It is at the mouths of the Pottawatomi River and the Sydenham River on an inlet of Georgian Bay. According to the 2011 census, the 21,688 people lived in Owen Sound.

Owen Sound was founded in 1841. It was named after British Admiral Edward Owen. The Canadian World War I flying ace Billy Bishop was born in Owen Sound.

Georgian College is in Owen Sound. The Owen Sound Collegiate and Vocational Institute is one of the oldest schools in Canada.

There are five sports teams in Owen Sound:

Klondike, Yukon

The Klondike is a region of Yukon in northwest Canada. It is around the Klondike River, a small river that enters Yukon from the east at Dawson City. The Klondike Gold Rush took place there from 1897 to 1899.

The summers in the Klondike are short and very hot. The winters are long and very cold. There are snow storms between September and May.

Jack London's novel "The Call of the Wild", published in 1903, was set in the Klondike.

Division of Moreton

The Division of Moreton is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first election in 1901. It is named after Moreton Bay, though changes to the boundaries over the years mean it is no longer near the bay. 

The seat decided the 1961 federal election. The Liberals won the seat by only 130 votes to have a one-seat majority in Parliament.

Moreton is located in south east Queensland, and is based in the southern suburbs of the City of Brisbane. The division includes Archerfield, Chelmer, Fairfield, Graceville, Karawatha, Kuraby, Macgregor, Moorooka, Nathan, Oxley, Robertson, Rocklea, Runcorn, Salisbury, Stretton, Sunnybank, Sunnybank Hills, Tennyson, Yeronga, and Yeerongpilly, and parts of Algester, Berrinba, Calamvale, Coopers Plains, Drewvale, Eight Mile Plains, Parkinson, Sherwood, and Tarragindi, Corinda.


Hitch (movie)

Hitch is a 2005 romantic comedy movie. The movie is about a professional dating consultant who teaches men how to get women to like them. Will Smith plays Alex. Eva Mendes plays Sara. Amber Valletta plays Allegra.

The movie was released on February 11, 2005. The overall reviews were positive. The box office was also positive.

Klondike River

The Klondike River is a river in the Yukon in Canada. It is a tributary of the Yukon River. The river starts in the Ogilvie Mountains. It flows into the Yukon River at Dawson City. Gold was discovered near the Klondike River in 1896. That started the Klondike Gold Rush.

Division of Petrie

The Division of Petrie is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was founded in 1949 and named after Andrew Petrie (1798–1872), a civil engineer, pioneer and explorer, and the first free settler in Brisbane (1837).

Petrie is in the northern suburbs of Brisbane, and includes Bald Hills, Bracken Ridge, Carseldine, Clontarf, Deception Bay, Fitzgibbon, Griffin, Kippa-Ring, Mango Hill, Margate, North Lakes, Redcliffe, Rothwell, Scarborough, Woody Point, and parts of Aspley, Bridgeman Downs, and Burpengary. 


Division of Rankin

The Division of Rankin is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1984. It is named after Annabelle Rankin, the first Queensland woman elected to the Senate.

Rankin is in the outer southern suburbs of Brisbane including, Algester, Berrinba, Browns Plains, Calamvale, Crestmead, Daisy Hill, Drewvale, Heritage Park, Hillcrest, Kingston, Logan Central, Marsden, Parkinson, Priestdale, Regents Park, Rochedale South, Slacks Creek, Springwood, Underwood, and Woodridge.


Lake Laberge

Lake Laberge is a lake in Yukon, Canada. It is where the Yukon River widens north of Whitehorse. It is long. It is between wide.

The lake is named after Michel LaBerge, a French-Canadian who explored the area in 1866.

Yukon Party

The Yukon Party is a conservative political party in Yukon, Canada. It was organized in 1978 as the Yukon Progressive Conservative Party. In 1991, it was renamed the "Yukon Party". In the 2002 elections, the Yukon Party won enough seats to form a government. The party also won the 2006 elections and the 2011 elections. They lost the 2016 elections and are the current Official Opposition.

Elizabeth Azcona Cranwell

Elizabeth Azcona Cranwell (March 10, 1933 - December 4, 2004) was a surrealist poet and translator from Argentina. She was born in Buenos Aires. She worked as a teacher at the University of Buenos Aires. She wrote about literature in "La Nación". She also translated writing from English to Spanish. She translated writing by Edgar Allen Poe, Dylan Thomas and William Shand. She was influenced by Olga Orozco. In 1984, she was given the Konex Award. She died in Buenos Aires in 2004. 


Roberto Telch

Roberto "Oveja" Telch (November 6, 1943 - October 12, 2014) was an Argentine footballer. He was born in San Vicente, Córdoba.

He won four league championships with San Lorenzo in Argentina and represented the Argentina national football team at the 1974 FIFA World Cup. Telch managed several teams in the lower leagues of Argentine football. He also worked for many years with the youth teams at San Lorenzo.

Telch died in Buenos Aires of a heart attack, aged 70.


Finn Lied

Finn Lied (12 April 1916 – 10 October 2014) was a Norwegian military researcher and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was born in Fana, Norway.

He served as a captain in the army from 1944 to 1945, and civil engineer. From 1946 to 1956 he was a researcher at the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment. He had 41 positions in different government councils, boards and agencies. He served as the Minister of Industry in 1971–1972, in the Bratteli's First Cabinet. From 1973 to 1984 he was the chairman of Statoil.

From 1971 he was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. He was also a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences. He was appointed a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1980, and became Honorary Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 1982.

Lied died in Oslo, Norway, aged 98.

Mary Beckett

Mary Beckett (1926-2013) was an Irish author.

She was born in Belfast in Northern Ireland. She used to work for BBC Northern Ireland, where she wrote plays for the radio. She also wrote short stories. She also worked as a teacher. She was married and had five children. She stopped publishing writing until the 1980s, when she wrote "The Belfast Woman". In addition to short stories, she also wrote children's books and one novel.


Citadel Center

Citadel Center is a 580ft (177m) tall skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois. It was designed by Spanish architect Ricardo Bofill. Citadel Center is the 44th tallest building in Chicago. It was completed in 2003. It has 39 floors. The copy of the sculpture Winged Victory of Samothrace is on display in the lobby. 



Maryam Mahboob

Maryam Mahboob (born 1955) is an Afghan writer. She writes about patriarchy and migrants in Afghanistan. She was born in Maimana, Afghanistan in 1955. She moved a lot because her father worked for the government. She went to college in Kabul and at the University of Tehran. She had to leave Afghanistan in 1979 after the Soviet War. She moved to Pakistan and then moved to Delhi, in India, in 1981. She created a journal, along with other Afghani who were living outside Afghanistan, called "Gahanama". The government of Afghanistan and the Mujahideen were angry about the journal and Mahboob had to move to Canada in 1983. 

Today, she writes a lot about Afghani communities around the world. She writes mainly about women's rights. 

Fairfield County, Connecticut

Fairfield County is located in the southwestern corner of the U.S. State of Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 957,419. The county has a total area of 2,168 km² (837 mi²). 1,621 km² (626 mi²) of it is land and 547 km² (211 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 25.23% water.


Hartford County, Connecticut

Hartford County is located in the north central part of the U.S. state of Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the population was 899,498. The county has a total area of 1,944 km² (751 mi²). 1,905 km² (735 mi²) of it is land and 39 km² (15 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 2.02% water.


Litchfield County, Connecticut

Litchfield County is located in the northwestern corner of the U.S. State of Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the population was 185,186. The county has a total area of 2,446 km² (945 mi²). 2,383 km² (920 mi²) of it is land and 64 km² (25 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 2.61% water.


Middlesex County, Connecticut

Middlesex County is located in the south central part of the U.S. State of Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the population was 164,245. The county has a total area of 1,137 km² (439 mi²). 956 km² (369 mi²) of it is land and 181 km² (70 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 15.90% water.


Tolland County, Connecticut

Tolland County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. State of Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the population was 149,788. The county has a total area of 1,080 km² (417 mi²). 1,062 km² (410 mi²) of it is land and 18 km² (7 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 1.66% water.


Interstate 95 in Connecticut

Interstate 95 is the main north-south Interstate Highway on the East Coast of the United States. It runs in a general east-west compass direction for 111.57 miles (179.55 km) in Connecticut. The majority of the road, west (south) of the New London area, is part of the Connecticut Turnpike. This is connected to the New England Thruway in New York state. I-95 leaves the Turnpike west of New London, and continues east through that city towards Westerly, Rhode Island rather than turning north with the Turnpike (designated Interstate 395).



Connecticut Turnpike

The Connecticut Turnpike (also known as Governor John Davis Lodge Turnpike) is a freeway in Connecticut. It runs from Byram to South Killingly. It is approximately 135 miles long (94 miles on Interstate 95, 37 miles on Interstate 395, and 4 miles on State Route 695).

The Connecticut Turnpike opened in the early 1950s as the state's main highway. Once the road was considered paid for, and also due to several accidents near the toll booths, tolls were removed from the road in 1985. The turnpike was renamed for former Governor John Davis Lodge soon afterward. Very few signs nowadays identify the route as one unified road, and the section that runs as Route 695 carries no current identification at all (not even CT 695 markers) except to say that eastbound it goes "To US 6" and westbound it goes "To I-395".


William Shand

William Shand (1902 – 1997) was a writer and translator. He was born in Scotland. He lived in Argentina. He wrote poetry. He was also a playwright. He moved to Argentina in 1938. He wrote book reviews for "La Nación". He translated poetry by John Donne and Stephen Spender from English into Spanish. He worked with Alberto Girri to put together poetry collections of other poets' works. He was given a Merit Diploma of Translation in 1984 and 1994 by the Konex Foundation.

Capitol Loop

Capitol Loop is a state trunkline highway running through Lansing, Michigan. It was opened on October 13, 1989. It creates a loop route. The Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) has marked it as Capitol Loop I-496 or CL I-496 on some maps, similar to the designation of a business loop. It is known at MDOT as Connector 81. Part of it runs on the same road as BL I-96.


Jan van Dornicke

Jan van Dornicke (born around 1475 in Tournai, died around 1527 probably in Antwerp) was a painter of the Antwerp Mannerism movement. He was active in Antwerp from 1509 to his death. He was active as a producer of pictures for winged altars, which were mostly produced for export. 

Chehel Sotoun

Chehel Sotoun (or 'Chihil Sutun') is a pavilion in Isfahan, Iran. It is in the middle of a park at the end of a long pool. It was built by Shah Abbas II for his entertainment and receptions. In this palace, Shah Abbas II and his successors would receive dignitaries and ambassadors, either on the terrace or in one of the stately reception halls.

The name, meaning "Forty Columns" in Persian, was inspired by the twenty slender wooden columns supporting the entrance pavilion, which, when reflected in the waters of the fountain, are said to appear to be forty.

The palace has many frescoes and paintings on ceramic. Many of the ceramic panels are now in the possession of major museums in the west. They show specific historical scenes. There are also aesthetic compositions in the traditional miniature style which celebrate the joy of life and love.

The Chehel Sotoun Palace is among the nine Iranian Gardens which are registered as one of the Iran’s 17 World Heritage Sites. The nine gardens go by the name of "The Persian Garden".

Jan Massys

Jan Massys (born around 1510 in Antwerp, died 8 October 1575, also in Antwerp) was a Flemish painter. Other spellings of his name are Massijs, Matsys, Matsijs, Messijs, Messys, Metsijs, and Metsys. Today, he is known for his history paintings amongst others.

Paul Sahlin

Paul Sahlin, originally "Johansson", born 30 March 1955 in Strömslund in Trollhättan, Sweden, is a Swedish singer and songwriter. He scored successes in Sweden and West Germany. Later he bcame a funeral director He is well known for songs like the 1977 Svensktoppen hit "Guenerina", "Flyg min fjäril flyg" and the Christmas song "Jag önskar er alla en riktigt god jul". He also was the singer in Matz Bladhs between 1991 and 2004. Earlier, he had been the singer in the band "Säwes". Later, he became active with his dansband "Paul Sahlins".




Ann-Cathrine Wiklander

Ann-Cathrine Wiklander, born 4 July 1958 in Sollefteå, Sweden, is a Swedish female singer. She scored dansband successes during the 1990s. 

She has scored Svensktoppen hit songs like "Kärleken" (1993), "Vänd inte ryggen åt en vän" (1994), "Alla stunder" (1995), "Julklockor över vår jord" (1995-1996), "Liksom svalorna kommer med solen" (1996), "Min tanke är hos mig" (1998) and "Gamla vänner" (2000). On 12 July 1994, she appeared as a guest at Allsång på Skansen.

Ann-Cathrine Wiklander participated with the song "Som en dröm", at "schlager-SM" i TV 3 1994, together with Keith Almgrens orkester at Sandgrund in Karlstad.

In late 2012, she begun touring with Erik Lihm. She also works as a diabetics nurse at Österåsens hälsohem in Sollefteå.



The Book of Life (movie)

The Book of Life is a 2014 animated romantic comedy movie. This movie is about being torn between family expectations and following the heart of one. Christina Applegate plays teacher Mary Beth. Ice Cube plays a Candle Maker. Channing Tatum plays Tatum.

The movie was released on October 17, 2014.

Dan Chicoine

Daniel Chicoine (born November 30, 1957) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 31 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Cleveland Barons and the Minnesota North Stars.

Before playing in the NHL, Chicoine played 4 seasons with the Sherbrooke Castors of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). Chicoine ended up being drafted 23rd overall by the Cleveland Barons in the 1977 NHL Amateur Draft and was also drafted 81st overall by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1977 WHA Amateur Draft.

He spent time between their AHL-affiliate team, the New Haven Nighthawks. He spent 6 games with the Barons and 17 games with the Phoenix Roadrunners of the Central Hockey League (CHL). On June 13, 1979, Chicoine was claimed as a fill-in during Expansion Draft by the Minnesota North Stars. He played 25 games with the North Stars and 117 games with their CHL-affiliate team, the Oklahoma City Stars. On June 9, 1981, he was traded to Quebec by Minnesota for Nelson Burton. He never played for them and spent 21 games with the Sherbrooke Jets of the AHL before retiring from professional ice hockey in 1983.

Kent vs Lancashire at Canterbury

Kent vs Lancashire at Canterbury is a oil painting by Albert Chevallier Tayler in 1906. The chairman of the Kent County Cricket Club, Lord Harris, wanted to celebrate their first County Championship title win. Tayler painted the picture after spending time with each of the Kent players one by one. 

The painting mostly stayed at Kent's St Lawrence Ground until 1999 when it was moved to Lord's Cricket Ground. Kent could no longer afford to insure it. In 2006, Kent sold the painting to the Andrew Brownsword Art Foundation at an auction. The painting is currently on display at the Lord's Pavilion.

The Spectacular Now

The Spectacular Now is a 2013 American romantic comedy-drama movie. Brie Larson plays Cassidy. Shailene Woodley plays Aimee. Mary Elizabeth Winstead plays Holly. Jennifer Jason Leigh plays Sara.

The movie got good review from the critics. The box office was also good.

Charlie Countryman

Charlie Countryman is a 2013 romantic comedy-thriller movie. The movie is about relationships and love, taking chances and life in Chicago. The title character is played by Shia LaBeouf. Evan Rachel Wood plays Gabi.

The movie got negative reviews from critics. It was released in November 2013.

Ulla Persson

Ulla Persson, born 1947 in Stockholm, Sweden, is a female singer from Sweden. During the 1960s she scored succeses.



Pontus Segerström

Pontus Segerström (17 February 1981 – 13 October 2014) was a Swedish footballer.

Segerström started his career at IF Brommapojkarna where he had played football from a young age. He later played for Danish Odense BK during a short period of time in 2004 before moving back to Sweden to play for Landskrona BoIS, first in Allsvenskan for the 2005 season and later in Superettan for the 2006 season. His two last seasons at the club was in Allsvenskan in 2013 and 2014.

Segerström died just 76 days after his last played Allsvenskan game, which he played as the captain from brain cancer, aged 33.

Ali Mazrui

Ali Al'amin Mazrui (24 February 1933 – 12 October 2014) was a Kenyan academic professor and political writer. He wrote about African and Islamic studies and North-South relations. He was born in Mombasa, Kenya. He was an Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies at Binghamton University in Binghamton, New York. 
Mazrui died in Binghamton, New York, aged 81.


Eicochrysops meryamae

Eicochrysops meryamae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia.

Hypatopa lucina

Hypatopa lucina is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.

Gotra

Gotra is a clan in Hindu society. It means the people who are descended in an unbroken male line from a common male ancestor. In the 4th century, Pāṇini wrote that gotra are the descendants of a sage, "beginning with the son's son."(IV. 1. 162). A person who says "I am Kashyapa-gotra," can trace his family from the ancient sage Kashyapa through an unbroken male line. 

According to the Brihadaranyaka Upanisad 2.2.6, Gautama and Bharadvāja, Viśvāmitra and Jamadagni, Vashishtha and Kaśhyapa, and Atri are seven sages (also known as Saptarishi). The descendants of these eight sages are said to be gotras. This explanation of the eight primary gotras seems to have been known to Pāṇini. Descendants of others are called "gotrâvayava".

Chandra

Chandra is a Hindu moon god. He is described as being young, beautiful and fair. In his hands he carries a club and a lotus. He rides his chariot across the sky every night, pulled by ten white horses or an antelope.

Division of Ryan

The Division of Ryan is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1949 and is named after T. J. Ryan, Premier of Queensland from 1915 to 1919. Ryan is located in south east Queensland. It is based on the south western suburbs of Brisbane, including Auchenflower, Bellbowrie, Brookfield, Chapel Hill, Ferny Grove, Fig Tree Pocket, The Gap, Indooroopilly, Karana Downs, Kenmore, Keperra, Lake Manchester, Moggill, Pullenvale, St Lucia, Taringa, Toowong, the western Centenary Suburbs and parts of Bardon.

John Moore was a Minister in the Fraser government, and also served as Minister for Defence in the Howard government. In 2001, Moore retired from politics, leading to a by-election for the division. The ALP won the by election but did not win the division at the next election, held later the same year. Michael Johnson was sacked from the Liberal Party after allegations of improper fundraising and not following the rules about using his tax payer provided motor car. He continued in Parliament as an independent, but was defeated at the 2010 election.


Division of Wright

The Division of Wright is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Queensland. It was set up in 2010. It covers the area inland from the Gold Coast, and includes the towns of Beaudesert and Boonah. It is named after the poet, Judith Wright (1915-2000) who lived in the area.


Frontiersman

Frontiersmen and frontierswomen are people living on the frontier between settled and unsettled lands. The frontier was a place between civilization and the unknown wilderness. Frontiersmen often cleared the land, built shelters, raised children, and grew crops. Hunting and animal trapping were prime sources of meat. Animal furs and skins were made into clothing. Famous American frontiersmen include Davy Crockett, Daniel Boone, and Kit Carson. The United States, Canada, and Australia are countries In which frontiersmen and women have been found in large numbers.

Black Box (band)

Black Box was a late 1980s/early 1990s house music group. They were known for hit singles like "Everybody Everybody", "Strike it Up" and "I Don't Know Anybody Else".

The group broke up in 1998.

Super Mario (disambiguation)

Super Mario might mean:



Since the appearance of "Super Mario Bros.", a number of individuals named Mario have been nicknamed "Super Mario" by fans.



Gang Starr

Gang Starr was an East Coast hip hop duo. The members were MC Guru and DJ Premier. The group was started in Boston, Massachusetts in 1985. The group made hardcore hip hop.

The group ended in 2006.

Guru died in 2010.

List of Bienes de Interés Cultural in the Province of Biscay

This is a list of Bienes de Interés Cultural (registered monuments and landmarks) in the Province of Biscay, Spain.

Big Daddy Kane

Antonio Hardy (better known as Big Daddy Kane; born September 10, 1968) is an American rapper. He began his rapping career in 1986 with rap group the Juice Crew. In the late 1980s, Kane released his album "It's a Big Daddy Thing". As of 2014, that was his biggest album. That album included songs like "Smooth Operator".

Hardy was born in Brooklyn, New York.


Isaiah Owens

Isaiah Randolph "Ikey" Owens (December 1, 1975 - October 14, 2014) was an American keyboardist. He was known for his work with The Mars Volta, Jack White and a variety of bands from the Long Beach music scene.

On October 14, 2014, Owens was found dead in his hotel room in Cholula, Mexico, aged 38. He died of an apparent heart attack.

William Peter Blatty

William Peter Blatty (January 7, 1928 – January 12, 2017) was an American writer, screenwriter, and movie director. The novel "The Exorcist", written in 1971, is his most well-known novel. He was the screenwriter of the movie adaptation. He won an Academy Award for it. He also wrote and directed the third movie of the trilogy, "The Exorcist III."


Adactylidium

Adactylidium is a genus of mites. It is known for its short and unusual life cycle. The pregnant female mite attaches herself to a single egg of a thrip. She grows from five to eight female offspring and one male in her body. The offspring begin to eat their mother from the inside out. The single male mite mates with all his sisters when they are still in the mother. The females, now pregnant, cut holes in their mother's body. This is so that they can get out to find new thrips eggs. The male gets out too. But having served his biological function he dies after a few hours. The females die at the age of four days, when their own offspring eat them alive from the inside.

Thompson Twins

Thompson Twins were an English alternative rock band formed in 1977. The group disbanded in May 1993. They were successful in having three top ten hits in the US. When the group did not move past their Synthpop sound they lost their popularity. Through most of their career there were three members. However none were twins and none were named Thompson.


Animorphs: Know the Secret

Animorphs: Know the Secret is a video game for Microsoft Windows. It was made in 2000. It is based on the book series "Animorphs", which is written by K. A. Applegate.

Animorphs

Animorphs is a young-adult science fiction book series. They were written by K. A. Applegate and published by Scholastic. It is told in the first person, from perspectives of 6 different characters; Rachel, Cassie, Jake, Tobias, Marco, and Aximilli-Esgarouth-Isthil. A different character is featured for each book. It was published from June 1996 to May 2001. There are 54 books in the series.

Fiddlehead fern

Fiddleheads are a type of vegetable.

Hurricane Gonzalo

Hurricane Gonzalo was a Category 4 hurricane. The storm threatened Bermuda. The hurricane struck the northern Leeward Islands, killing one person. Gonzalo formed on October 12, 2014. On October 14, hurricane notices were put up for Bermuda when the storm began heading their direction.

Delhi Poetry Festival

Delhi Poetry Festival is an annual poetry festival. It was organized by Poets Corner Group in Delhi in 2013.


Louis Philippe, Crown Prince of Belgium

Louis Philippe, Crown Prince of Belgium (24 July 1833 – 17 May 1834), was the eldest child and heir-apparent of King Leopold I of the Belgians and his second wife, Louise of Orléans. He died as an infant. He may have been named after his grandfather Louis Philippe I.

Louis Philippe became crown prince at birth in Laeken. His birth was announced by the sound of 101 cannon shots at the capitol, Brussels. The baby was baptised at the Collegiate church of St. Michael and St. Gudule at Brussels.

Louis-Philippe died of an inflammation of the mucous membranes. According to his father, this was completely preventable. His funeral was held on 24 May 1843. He was buried in the Mausoleum of the Dukes of Brabant at the Collegiate church of St. Michael and St. Gudule. He is now burried in the chapel of Church of Our Lady of Laeken (Notre Dame de Laeken), near his family's tomb. This church did not exist at the time of his death. His mother died in 1850 and wanted to be buried at Laeken near the royal residence. Construction for the church began in 1854. It houses the royal crypt where the royal family is buried. A contemporary source recorded his passing: "The family of King Leopold are plunged into the deepest distress by the sudden death of the Duke of Brabant, the heir-apparent to the throne." He was followed as crown prince upon the birth of his younger brother, Leopold (Léopold Louis Philippe Marie Victor), who would later succeed their father as Leopold II, King of the Belgians. Leopold was the replacement child to Louis-Philippe.

His tombstone records his titles as: "S.A.R. ("Son Altesse Royale" or Royal Highness) le Prince Louis-Philippe Duc le Brabant".


The Hindu

The Hindu is an English language newspaper in India. It was founded on 20 September 1878. It is headquartered in Chennai, India.


Poets Corner Group

Poets Corner Group is a poetry group in India founded in 2011 by poet Yaseen Anwer. The group hosts online competitions, poetry reading events, panel discussions, book launches, workshops, and other activities. Poets Corner organizes annual poetry event in New Delhi called Delhi Poetry Festival. It has published over 21 anthologies in both English and Hindi.



Marie Dubois

Marie Dubois (Claudine Lucie Pauline Huzé; January 12, 1937 - October 15, 2014) was a French actress. Dubois was born in Paris, France. She studied at l'École de la rue Blanche (ENSATT). She made her movie debut in 1959. She was first gaining notice as Léna in "Shoot the Piano Player".

She was known for her roles in "Jules and Jim", "The Thief of Paris", "Hot Line", "La Ronde", "La Grande Vadrouille", and "Monte Carlo or Bust". In 1978 she won the César Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Dominique Montlaur in "La Menace".

Dubois married French actor Serge Rousseau in 1961. They remained together until his death in 2007. Dubois died in Paris, France from multiple sclerosis, aged 77.


Giovanni Reale

Giovanni Reale (15 April 1931 – 15 October 2014) was an Italian historian and philosopher. Reale was born in Candia Lomellina, Pavia, Italy. He mostly wrote about Greek philosophy. He was a teacher at Vita-Salute San Raffaele University in Italy. 

Reale died on 15 October 2014 in his home in Luino, Italy, aged 83.

Elizabeth Peña

Elizabeth Peña (September 23, 1959 – October 14, 2014) was an Cuban-American actress and television director. She was known for her roles in "The Incredibles", "Rush Hour", "Jacob's Ladder", and "La Bamba". She was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey.

Peña died at the age of 55 on October 14, 2014 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California from septic shock and cardiopulmonary arrest complicated from cirrhosis of the liver.

Helmut Ruge

Helmut Ruge (7 February 1940 – 8 October 2014) was a German comedian, author, director and actor. He was born in Stuttgart. Ruge was originally a graduate sociologist and psychologist. He wrote 37 cabaret programs and ten plays. 

Ruge lived in Munich since 1967. Ruge died on October 8, 2014 at the age of 74 years after a long illness in Munich.


Berberis hayatana

Berberis hayatana is a species of flowering plant in the family Berberidaceae. It was first described in 1952 then renamed in 1954. It is found mainly in Taiwan. "Berberis hayatana" is a low evergreen shrub. It is common to the Central Mountain Range at elevations of between and . 

Gone Girl (movie)

Gone Girl is a 2014 American crime thriller mystery movie set in Missouri. It is an adaptation of a novel by Gillian Flynn that is also called "Gone Girl". The movie is about a man who is suspected of killing his wife after she goes missing. Ben Affleck plays Nick Dunne. Rosamund Pike plays his wife Amy.

The movie received positive reviews from critics. Its box office was very positive.

Matt Carpenter

Matthew Martin Carpenter (born November 26, 1985) is a professional baseball player. He plays for the St. Louis Cardinals. The positions he plays are second and third base. Carpenter played his major league game on June 4, 2011 at Busch Stadium. He became their regular leadoff hitter early in the 2013 season.

Christian church

A Christian church (or local church) is a group of people who share a faith or belief within a community. They usually meet in one particular location called a cathedral, temple, tabernacle, or simply a church building. A church group represents a certain doctrine and traditions. Many Christian churches that use the same name and share the same beliefs are a part of a denomination. A church that not part of a larger group is usually called nondenominational. There are estimated to be over 41,000 denominations worldwide. They may fall within three general groups: Orthodox, Catholic and Protestant Churches.

Horses in World War I

Horses in World War I were very easily killed by machine guns and ordinary guns on the battlefields. Over 48,000 horses were killed in World War I, 210 from poison gas. Many drowned, died of exhaustion, or got stuck in mud or shell holes.

Horses were mainly used for helping with transport. They carried guns and bullets. They were better than motor vehicles over rough and muddy surfaces. It was hard to get enough food for them because they were in the middle of war. Horses ate about ten times as much food as a human. In 1917, allied operations were threatened when horse feed rations were reduced.

Fitzroy River (Queensland)

The Fitzroy River is in Queensland, Australia. The river is formed by the coming together of the Mackenzie and Dawson rivers at Duaringa. 

The Fitzroy was named by Charles and William Archer on 4 May 1853. The river was named in honour of Sir Charles FitzRoy, Governor of the Colony of New South Wales. Queensland did not become a colony until 1859.


Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette

Marie-Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de La Fayette (6 September 1757 – 20 May 1834), known in the United States as Lafayette, was a French aristocrat, politician and liberal thinker. He believed in the Age of Enlightenment and played an important role during the American War of Independence and the French Revolution. In 1789, he presented a draft of the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen. He worked on the document with Thomas Jefferson, who was the American ambassador in Paris.

Gilbert du Motier was born at the château de Chavaniac, in southern France. His father, Louis Christophe du Motier, was Marquis of La Fayette in his own right. His mother, Marie Louise Jolie de La Rivière, was from an aristocratic family from northern France.


Portuguese Football Federation

The Portuguese Football Federation (FPF) ( FPF; ) is the governing body of football in Portugal. It organises the Campeonato Nacional de Seniores, the Taça de Portugal, the Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira, youth levels, women's football, beach soccer, futsal, and also the men's and the women's national football teams. It was formed in 1914. It is based in Lisbon.

Fitzroy River (Western Australia)

The Fitzroy River is in the West Kimberley part of Western Australia. The Fitzroy flows into the Indian Ocean. The first European to visit the Fitzroy River was George Grey in 1837 aboard the H.M.S. Beagle. The river was given its European name by Lieutenant J.L. Stokes in February 1838 after Captain Robert FitzRoy.


Fitzroy River

There are three rivers named the Fitzroy River, all in Australia:

IPad Air 2

The iPad Air 2 is the second generation version of the iPad Air tablet computer that is designed and sold by Apple Inc. It was announced during an event on October 16, 2014 along with the iPad mini 3. It has a thinner design and also has Touch ID compared to the iPad Air.

The iPad Air 2 originally came with iOS 8 installed and is upgradable up to iPadOS 15.

Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple

The Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple is a shrine in Kerala, India. The shrine is in Mullassery. It is from Karakulam. It is from Thiruvananthapuram. The temple is managed by the Pathiyanadu sree Bhadrakali Kshetram Trust.

The temple enshrines Goddess Bhadrakali as the presiding Deity. The idol stands for Goddess Bhadrakali, the daughter of Lord Shiva. Other deities worshipped at the Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple called Upadevatha's temples include Lord MahaGanapathy and Nagaraja.

Darika was a demon who received a boon from Brahma which granted that he would never be defeated by any man living in any of the fourteen worlds of Hindu mythology. This made Darika immensely powerful and arrogant. Armed with this boon, Darika went on to conquer the world, defeating even Indra, the king of the gods. As his atrocities became intolerable, the sage Narada asked Shiva to stop Darika. Shiva agreed, saying that Darika would be killed by the goddess Kali. Shiva opened his third eye and produced Kali, whose purpose was to destroy Darika. The goddess was a woman and not born among the humans. She killed him by beheading him. The goddess didn't stop with Darika and, unable to control her rage, began destroying the landscape and the very humans for whose sake she had destroyed Darika. The Gods could not defeat her, and she was finally calmed when Shiva lay on the ground in front of her, submitting.

Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple Festival is held every year, One of the Festival is Navaratri Mahotsavam and it is about Nine Days Festival and the Main Festival (Kumbabharani Mahotsavam) usually between February and March. The Dikkubali Mahotsavam is held every three years and the Paranettu Mahotsavam is held every six years. These festivals begin in the Malayalam month of Kumbham and the nakshatra Bharani, So all these festivals are called Kumbhabharani Mahotsavam.

This pooja is held on the Third day of the Festival. On that day girls above 18 participate in this pooja to remove their Dhoshas on their marriage, and get married soon and also get good a groom. On that day Trikalayanam (marriage of goddess Bhadrakali, based on Chilapathikaram) takes place. There are thousands and thousands of people here to see this pooja and participate in Trikalayanam and to get the goddess's blessings.

This pooja is seen only in this temple in Kerala. On the Festival days many people participate in this pooja to remove Durdevadas from their house and get Lekshmi Devi's blessings to their house.

This pooja is seen only in this temple in Kerala. It is on the Festival days many people participate in this pooja to remove Dhosham like (black magic etc.) from their house.

On the fifth day of festival, this is performed by the priest of the temple. He performs some trance like dances until he is unconscious. It is done to remove Dhosham like Drishti dhosham, Vilidhosham, Black Magic etc. It believed that on this pooja the presiding deity's bhoothaganams remove these dhosham from the people who participated in this pooja and also to the people who watch this pooja.

It is performed by the Kshetra thantri, on Festival day. This pooja is conducted to remove Sarppadhoshas.

Kalamkaval is a famous custom practiced at the temple premises and nearby places during the festival. It is believed that the Goddess Bhadrakali searches her enemy demon, Daaruka in all directions before putting him to death. Devotees commemorate this legend by seeing this unique Kalamkaval. Kalamkaval is the ritual in which the chief priest, carries the idol on his head and performs some trance like dances until he is unconscious. During kalamkaval, the chief priest wears anklet and thiruvabharam (traditional gold ornaments of goddess that includes kappu, vanki, odyanam, paalakka mala, pichi mottu mala, muthu mala etc.). People believe that the priest gets strength to carry on the trance with the idol on his head, due to the blessings of the Devi enshrined in the temple.

It is believed that Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali searches for her enemy demon, Daaruka in all four directions before putting him to death.The four directions are East, South, West, North and also in each of these direction Kalamkaval and Gurusi takesplace.

It is believed that a fight erupted between Devi and the demon Darikan in the sky. The fight is enacted on a specially erected stage, about 100 feet high and is conducted at night known as Paranettu.

Nilathilporu marks the conclusion of the Kumbhabharani Paranettu festival at Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple. During the climactic moment of this ceremony, the demon Daarika (the man with the symbolic crown in the foreground) weeps and begs for mercy from the Goddess. Subsequently, the Goddess beheads the demon.

The festival, ends with a grand procession knows as Aaraattu. During Aaraattu the Idol is cleaned using water collected from 101 pots. Aaraattu is conducted at Pathiyanadu Ambalakkadavu. Girls below ten years of age with the chief priest perform the function.

Pongala at Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple is celebrated during the Festival of Malayalam month of Kumbham on the Punartham Nakshatram (Punarvasu Nakshatra). Pongala is the rice cooked with jaggery, ghee, and coconut and other ingredients in the open in small pots by women to please the Goddess. In Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple Pongal many women from different places come and put pongala to makes their wishes true.

Akathu Nivedhyam, Kumkumaarchana, Ikyamathyarchana, Vidhyaasooktham, Rakthapushpaarchana, Bhaagyasooktharchana, Saraswathymantrarchana, Shatruthaasamhararchana, Swayamvaraarchana, Muttirakku (only on Sundays), Kumkumabhishekam(only on Sundays), Manjalabhishekam(only on Sundays), ManjalPara(only on Sundays), Swayamavara homam (specific months), Ganapathy homam, Mahaganapathy homam (on swayamvarahomam days and on vinayaka chathurthi),Chandika Homam (once in a year),Guruthi Pushpanjali (only on Sundays), Thattam pooja(with all fruits), Nagarchana, Ayilya Pooja, Thulaabhaaram, Kunjoonu, Aazhcha Pooja, Visheshal Pooja etc.

There are many cultural programmes held on Festival days, Karkkidakavavu bali, etc. On the Festival days Samskaarika Sammelanam takes place. On that occasion several awards are given to the talented people. Awards like the sadhchitra award, Kalamadhyamasreshtta Puraskaaram, and also awards for the students who are talented in several arts and also in studies. The Kalamadhyamasreshtta Puraskaaram is given to the people who show talent in the fields of Films, Media, etc. In 2011, the Kalamadhyamasreshtta Puraskaaram was given to the actress Chippi; in 2012 it was given to cinema serial actress Indhulekha; In 2013 to Actor Madhu, in 2014 to Sugathakumari teacher, and in 2015 to Kavaalam Narayana Panicker


CompactFlash

CompactFlash is a name of a standard used for a mass storage device, which is mostly used in digital cameras. Today, most CompactFlah devices use flash memory. Since most CompactFlash cards have no movable parts, they are also used in embedded systems. Compact flash cards are 36.4mm by 42.8mm in size, and either 3.3mm or 5mm thick. The 3.3mm type is known as Type I, the 5mm type is known as Type II. Most type II devices are small hard disks. The transfer speed is often given as an x rating, where the base is 150kB/s for 1x speed, which was also the base speed for reading compact discs.

In many cases, reading is faster than writing, often by a factor of two to three. That way, a speed of "133x" is roughly that of 20MB/sec. When the speed is given as a rate, usually in MB/s, this speed is the maximum speed that can be obtained reading from the device.

There are ComactFlash devices of different capacities.

Misty Upham

Misty Anne Upham (July 6, 1982 – October 2014) was an American actress. She was best known for her role in the Academy Award-nominated movie "Frozen River" (2008). She also appeared in movies such as "Django Unchained" (2012) and "". Upham was also had roles in the television shows "Big Love" and "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet".

Upham was born in Kalispell, Montana and grew up in Auburn, Washington. She was Native American and apart of the Blackfoot Confederacy of Montana.

Upham went missing on October 5, 2014. On October 16, she was found dead at the bottom of a cliff in a wooded area near Auburn. She was 32.

Nika Kiladze

Nika Kiladze ( 29 November 1988 – 7 October 2014) was a Georgian footballer. He played professionally in both Georgia and Finland from 2006 until his death in 2014. He played as a defensive midfielder for Orbebi Tbilisi, Kokkolan Palloveikot (KPV), Kajaanin Haka, and FC Guria Lanchkhuti.

Kiladze was born in Gagra, Abkhaz ASSR, Georgian SSR of the Soviet Union.

Kiladze died in a motorcycle accident on 7 October 2014 in Tbilisi. He was 25.


Doggystyle

Doggystyle is a gangsta rap album by Snoop Dogg (then known as Snoop Doggy Dogg). The album was recorded not long after "The Chronic" (1992). "Doggystyle" was praised by critics for lyrical "realism".

This album was released on November 23, 1993. It premiered at #1 on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart. The lyrics created some controversy.

Tête de Moine

Tête de Moine is a hard cheese made from cows' milk. It is made in the cantons of Berne and Jura in Switzerland. It was first made in the Bellelay Abbey in the 12th century. 

Tanhum Cohen-Mintz

Tanhum "Tani" Cohen-Mintz (8 October 1939 – 11 October 2014) was an Israeli basketball player. A 6 ft 8 1/2 in (2.04 m) center, he played professionally between 1956 and 1972 for Maccabi Tel Aviv. He was also the captain of the Israel national basketball team 86 times between 1959 and 1971. In 1992, he became a member of the Jewish Sports Hall of Fame.

Cohen-Mintz was born in Riga, Latvia to Jewish parents. He also played tennis, to follow his mother, Edith, but was convinced to play basketball due to his height and athletic abilities.

Cohen-Mintz died from cancer on 11 October 2014 in Tel Aviv. He was 75.


Alfstarz

The Alfstarz was a dansband in the town of Ronneby, Sweden.



2014 Asian Games

The 2014 Asian Games, officially known as the XVII Asiad, was a sports event in Incheon, South Korea. It occurred from September 19 to October 4, 2014. There were 439 events in 36 sports and disciplines.

On April 17, 2007, Incheon was chosen to host the event. Incheon was the third city in South Korea to have the Asian Games. Seoul hosted them in 1986 and Busan hosted them in 2002.

The final medal count was led by China, followed by South Korea and Japan. Fourteen World records and 27 Asian records were broken during the Games. Japanese swimmer Kosuke Hagino was the most valuable player of the Games. Though there were several controversies, the Games were considered mainly successful. That was helped by the low cost and the rising standard of competition between the Asian countries.



The 2014 Asian Para Games is a disabled sport event held months after the Asian Games.


Seppo Kuusela

Seppo Ilmo Kuusela (25 February 1934 – 16 October 2014) was a Finnish basketball player and coach. A 6 ft 0 in (1.83 m) point guard and shooting guard, he played professionally between 1952 and 1969. He played for both Pantterit and Tapion Honka (now known as Espoon Honka), as well as for Finland's national basketball team. From 1970 until 1992, he coached Espoon Honka.

Kuusela was born in Helsinki. He grew up in Töölö.

Kuusela died on 16 October 2014 at the age of 80.


China at the 2014 Asian Games

China participated in the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea from 19 September to 4 October 2014.

Lyudmila Shishova

Lyudmila Shishova (; 1 June 1940 – 21 February 2004) was a Soviet fencer. In the 1960 Summer Olympics, she won gold in the women's team foil fencing. In the 1964 Summer Olympics, she won a silver medal.

Kimani Njogu

Kimani Njogu (born Simon Kimani Njogu) was born in Kipkelion Township and educated at Taita Towett Secondary School, Kenyatta College, the University of Nairobi and Yale university where he attained a Ph.D in linguistics in 1993.. He is an editor, playwright, theorist and linguist. He is published in studies, language and media. 

He is best known for his work promoting the use of the Swahili language. He is the founding-Chairman of Chama cha Kiswahili cha Taifa (CHAKITA-Kenya), the Kenya National Swahili Committee which guided the process of developing the Languages of Kenya Policy and Bill. He is the Chair of the Board of the Legal Resources Foundation Trust; a not-for-profit Kenyan civil organization which promotes access to justice through human education, research and advocacy. 

Yvonne Strahovski

Yvonne Jaqueline Strzechowski (born 30 July 1982), better known by the stage name Yvonne Strahovski, is an Australian actress. She is best known for playing CIA agent Sarah Walker in the NBC television series "Chuck" from 2007 until 2012. She also appeared as Hannah McKay in the Showtime series "Dexter" from 2012 until 2013. Her movie roles include "Killer Elite" (2011), "The Guilt Trip" (2013) and "I, Frankenstein" (2014). She also played Miranda Lawson in the "Mass Effect" video games and CIA agent Kate Morgan in "24": "".

Strahovski was born in Werrington Downs, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales. Her parents are Polish immigrants from Tomaszów Mazowiecki. She speaks both English and Polish. She is also a supporter of PETA.

Tim Hauser

Timothy DuPron "Tim" Hauser (December 12, 1941 – October 16, 2014) was an American singer. He was best known for being a member of the vocal group The Manhattan Transfer. He was a founding member of the group in 1969. The group has won ten Grammy Awards.

Hauser was born in Troy, New York and grew up in the coastal region of Jersey Shore, New Jersey. Both of his marriages ended in divorce. He had two children: a son, Basie, and a daughter, Lily.

Hauser died from cardiac arrest and pneumonia on October 16, 2014 in Sayre, Pennsylvania. He was 72.

African palm civet

The African palm civet ("Nandinia binotata"), or two-spotted palm civet, is a small mammal. It is in the Feliformia suborder.

It has short legs, small ears, a body like a civet cat, and a long lithe tail as long as its body. Adults usually weigh . It is native to the forests of eastern Africa and the Congo River basin. It usually lives in trees, and it is omnivorous: it eats rodents, insects, eggs, carrion, fruit, birds and fruit bats. The animal is generally solitary and nocturnal.

Although it looks like other civet species (in the family Viverridae), the African palm civet is genetically distinct: they probably diverged from other civets before the cats did. They are therefore classified as the only species in the genus Nandinia and in their own family, Nandiniidae. However, not all experts accept this.

Max &amp; Shred

Max & Shred is a Canadian/American-produced sitcom. It was first shown in the United States on Nickelodeon on October 6, 2014. It was first shown in Canada on YTV on October 7, 2014.

The series is about the friendship between Max Asher (Jonny Gray), a celebrity snowboarder, and Alvin "Shred" Ackerman (Jake Goodman), a science whiz-kid. They become roommates and instant friends when Max moves to Colorado to train for the Winter Cup.



Carina Jaarneks orkester

Carina Jaarneks orkester was a dansband in the town of Ronneby, Sweden. The band scored chart successes at Svensktoppen between the late 1980s and the early 2000s. The band was started in 1989. Carina Jaarnek acted as the band's singer. In 1991, the band won the first, unofficial, edition of the Swedish Dansband Championships contest. In the year 2000, the band participated in the finals of the "Dansbandslåten" contest with the song "Minns du hur vi älskade". However, the song didn't win the contest





Bradford Forster Square railway station

Bradford Forster Square is one of two main railway stations in Bradford, West Yorkshire. The other one is Bradford Interchange.

The railway station was moved to its current place in the early 1990s. Before that, it was next to where it is now. In the old place, it was much bigger. A little while after the move, the line was made electric.

The station has some service to London King's Cross. It has regular service to Leeds, Skipton and Ilkley. For most long distance service, passengers must change at Leeds.

Mario Power Tennis

Mario Power Tennis, known as in Japan is a sport video game for the GameCube. The game was released in Europe and North America in 2004 and in Australia in 2005. The game was re-released on the Nintendo Wii as part of New Play Control!. And you released date only the Platfrorms complete.

The game got very good reviews, including a score of 81.03% on GameRankings. It also received a score of 8.5 from IGN.

Bradford Interchange

Bradford Interchange is one of two main railway stations in Bradford, West Yorkshire. The other is Bradford Forster Square. It is a transport interchange in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. It consists of a railway station and combined bus and coach station adjacent. The Interchange was designed in 1962. At the time it was hailed as a showpiece of European design when it opened in 1971. It is served by the majority of bus services in the city centre. It is also served by National Express. The railway station, which is one of two in the city centre, is served by Northern Rail. It is also the terminus for Grand Central services to Kings Cross railway station.

The station opened as part of the Leeds and Bradford railway in 1850 as "Bradford Exchange" It has been rebuilt since. The latest part to be rebuilt is the bus station in the 1990s.

The station has an unusual layout with a concourse on the ground floor and both the bus and train stations on the first floor. They are accessed by escalators. The railway station is a terminus station.

The station has services to Leeds, Halifax and Manchester Victoria. For most long distance trains passengers change at Leeds. Grand Central Trains run a service to London King's Cross.

The Interchange is the city's main bus and coach station. Buses run by First Bradford run throughout the city from the Interchange and National Express coaches to other cities do too.


Bammy

Bammy or bami is a traditional Jamaican cassava flatbread. It is like the simple flatbread eaten by the Arawaks. Today, it is produced in many places. It is sold in stores and by street sellers in Jamaica.

Monia Sjöström

Linda "Monia" Paulette Sjöström, born 21 December 1973 in Ballingslöv, Sweden is a Swedish female dansband singer. She has sung with Grönwalls, and was one of the bandmembers who in 1991 formed the band, and in 1992 won the Swedish Dansband Championships contest. She also participated at Melodifestivalen 1997 with the song "Nu i dag", ending up 11th.

In February 1999, she was appointed "best dansband voice of Sweden" in the "Får jag lov" magazine. Some months later, she left Grönwalls to start a country music carrier with the albums "Monia", recorded in the USA, and "Söderns hjärtas ros". Both albums entered the Swedish album chart.

In mid 2004, she returned to Grönwalls.s In 2006 she was awarded the Guldklaven award in the category "Singer of the year" during the Swedish Dansband Week in Malung.



Patrick Paul D’Souza

Patrick Paul D'Souza (August 28, 1928 October 16, 2014) was a Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood on December 20, 1953. D'Souza was named bishop of the Diocese of Banaras on June 5, 1970. He was ordained bishop on August 8, 1970. The diocese was renamed Diocese of Varanasi in 1971. D'Souza retired on February 24, 2007. He was born in Bendur, Mangalore.

D'Souza died in Mumbai, India, aged 84.

Sumi Haru

Sumi Haru (also known as Sumi Sevilla Haru; August 25, 1939 – October 16, 2014) was an American movie, television and theatre actress. She was best known for such movies and television shows as "Krakatoa, East of Java", "MASH", "The Beverly Hillbillies" and "Hill Street Blues".

Haru died at the age of 75 on October 16, 2014.


Mikhail Marynich

Mikhail Marynich (; , 13 January 1940 — 17 October 2014) was a Belarusian opposition leader. He was from Homiel Voblast. He was a minister of foreign economic affairs and an ambassador of Belarus to Latvia. 

Marynich died on 17 October 2014 at the age of 74.

Tom Shaw (bishop)

Marvil Thomas "Tom" Shaw III, SSJE (August 28, 1945October 17, 2014) was an American Episcopal bishop. He was the fifteenth Bishop of Massachusetts. Shaw was born in Battle Creek, Michigan.

Shaw died of brain cancer in West Newberry, Massachusetts, aged 69.

Topic sentence

Topic sentence is a term in grammar. It applies to expository writing. Expository writing is a type of writing where the purpose is to explain, inform, or even describe. 

A topic sentence is usually the first in a paragraph. It states the main idea in a paragraph. In this way, it helps the reader to understand what follows. So, for example, a sentence like "Minor planets are smaller than major planets, and have orbits further out than the orbit of Neptune" could be followed by details of the minor planets. Often topic sentences do a similar job to summaries.As usual we will give you an example of topic sentence

Topic:sophia missed her exam

Detail 1:she was get up at 7:30 pm

Detail 1:she was playing too much with her cousins at her g.ma's house

Calamari

Calamari is squid that is prepared to be eaten. It can be prepared in several ways. Most common is deep frying or sautéing after coating the rings with batter. If deep fried, it is done for less than two minutes to prevent toughness. It is usually served with a dip, mayonnaise or something similar. Calamari is a standard dish in Italian restaurants, served as a starter.

Fruit salad

Fruit salad is a dish with of different kinds of fruit. Fruit salad can sometimes be served in a liquid like juices or a syrup. Most of the time it is served as an appetizer or as a dessert. A fruit salad is sometimes known as a fruit cocktail or fruit cup.

