Woburn, Bedfordshire

Woburn is a village and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. It is about five miles from Milton Keynes. At the 2011 census, 930 people lived in Woburn.

According to the. Illage website, the first record of Woburn was in 969 AD as a hamlet. It was mentioned in the Domesday Book in 1086. The same source asserts: "the name Woburn comes from the Old English words 'wo', which means crooked, and 'burn' which means village. In 1145 Woburn Abbey was founded by Cistercian monks. In 1538, at the dissolution of the monasteries, the monastery was granted to the first Earl of Bedford."

Woburn has been burned down and rebuilt three times in its history. The first time was due to a chimney fire that spread to the other houses. The second time was during the English Civil War. The third time was in 1724 when another fire destroyed most of the village. It was rebuilt the last time in the Georgian style. New inns and a Market-house were added.

Right in the centre of Woburn is a short road leading to Woburn Park, the large estate of the Duke of Bedford. The present Woburn Abbey is the family seat (country house) of the Russells, whose senior title is the Dukedom of Bedford. The estate includes the Woburn Safari Park, a sizeable herd of deer and ornamental gardens. The house is usually open to visitors, and includes one of the finest private collections of historical portraits and a superb library.

The house, estate and family were the subject of a reality series on BBC 2 running to 29 episodes. The house has been used a number of times as a film set.

Puy de Sancy

Puy de Sancy (, "Mount of the Cross") is a French mountain, the highest mountain in the Massif Central and the highest of volcanic origin in Metropolitan France. It is part of an old stratovolcano which has been inactive for about 250,000 years.

Puy de Sancy is in the Puy-de-Dôme departement in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. With an elevation of above sea level, it is the highest point of the department.

The mountain was called during the 19th century as "Puy de la Croix" ("Mount of the Cross") because there was a big cross on the summit (the top of the mountain). That name is kept in the Occitan language.

Puy de Sancy is in the Monts Dore, a chain of volcanic mountains in the centre of the Massif Central and at about to the southwest of Clermont-Ferrand; it is within the borders of the "Parc naturel régional des volcans d'Auvergne" ("Regional Nature Park of the Auvergne Volcanoes").

Several small rivers (streams) have their sources on the sides of Puy de Sancy. In the valley to the north of the mountain are the sources of two streams called "Dore" and "Dogne"; at an altitude of , both streams are joined to form the Dordogne river.

There are three ski stations (places where people go to practice skiing) on the slopes of Puy de Sancy: "Super-Besse" and "Mont-Dore" (together they are called the "Grand Sancy") and "Chastreix-Sancy".


Eurodance

Eurodance is a form of dance music that started in Europe in the late 1980s. It is an evolved and more synthesized form of Eurodisco, and is combined with house and Hi-NRG. It is known for its rich melodic sound. It is similar to dance-pop and techno music.

Strange Magic

Strange Magic is a 2015 animated musical comedy and fantasy movie. Evan Rachel Wood plays Marianne. Maya Rudolph plays Griselda. Kristin Chenoweth plays the Sugar Plum Fairy. 

The movie was released on January 23, 2015.

Jeremy Lloyd

John Jeremy Lloyd, OBE (22 July 1930 – 23 December 2014) was an English writer, screenwriter, author, poet and actor. He was best known as co-author and writer of several successful British sitcoms, including "Are You Being Served?" and "'Allo 'Allo!".

Lloyd was born in Danbury, Essex. He died on 23 December 2014, aged 84, after being admitted to a London hospital with pneumonia.

Bernard Stone

Bernard "Berny" L. Stone (November 24, 1927 – December 22, 2014) was an American politician. He served as an alderman of the 50th Ward of the City of Chicago, Illinois.

Stone died on December 22, 2014 at age 87 from complications from a fall in Skokie, Illinois.


Krzysztof Krauze

Krzysztof Krauze (2 April 1953 – 24 December 2014) was a Polish movie director, screenwriter, photographer and cinematographer. He was best known for his 1999 thriller "Debt".

Krauze died at the age of 61 from prostate cancer on 24 December 2014 in Warsaw, Poland.


Edward Greenspan

Edward Leonard Greenspan, QC (February 28, 1944 – December 24, 2014) was a Canadian lawyer and author. He was of Jewish descent. He was one of the most famous defence lawyers in Canada. He owned the popular Canadian Broadcasting Corporation radio series, "The Scales of Justice" (1982–1989) and television series (1990-1994).

Greenspan died of heart failure at the age of 70 at his family home in Phoenix, Arizona in 2014.

Richard B. Stone

Richard Bernard Stone (September 22, 1928 – July 28, 2019) was an American politician. He was a Democratic United States Senator from Florida. Stone later served as Ambassador at Large to Central America and Ambassador to Denmark.

Stone died on July 28, 2019 at the age of 90.


Lise Nørgaard

Lise Nørgaard (born Elise Jensen; 14 June 1917 – 1 January 2023) was a Danish journalist, author and screenwriter. She is known for her book "Kun en pige" ("Only a girl") and for writing the screenplay of the television series "Matador". She was born in Roskilde.

Nørgaard turned 100 in 2017. She died on 1 January 2023 in Copenhagen, at the age of 105.


Connie Hedegaard, Niels Jorgen-Kaiser, Nils Berger Wamberg, "Så er det Sagt! -- en samtaleportræt af Lise Nørgaard" (English: "So it is said!: A conversational portrait of Lise Nørgaard"), Gyldendal, 1997, 157pp 



John Kundla

John Albert Kundla (July 3, 1916 – July 23, 2017) was an American former college and professional basketball coach. He was the first head coach for the Minneapolis Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Kundla died on July 23, 2017 in Minneapolis, Minnesota at the age of 101.


Charles Hard Townes

Charles Hard Townes (July 28, 1915 – January 27, 2015) was an American Nobel Prize-winning physicist and educator. 

Townes is known for his work on the theory and application of the maser, on which he got the fundamental patent, and other work in quantum electronics connected with both maser and laser devices. 

He shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1964 with Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov. In 1982, Townes received the National Medal of Science, presented by President Ronald Reagan.

Townes was born in Greenville, South Carolina. Townes died at the age of 99 in Oakland, California, on January 27, 2015.


René Angélil

René Angélil (January 16, 1942 – January 14, 2016) was a Canadian singer. He was also the former manager of Céline Dion. He was married to Dion from 1994 until his death. 

Angélil was born in Montreal, Quebec. It was previously reported that he had throat cancer. In September 2015, Céline revealed that Angélil's cancer was terminal, and that he had only 'weeks' to live. Angélil died on January 14, 2016 in Henderson, Nevada of a heart attack complicated from the disease at the age of 73.

Division of Grey

The Division of Grey is an Australian electoral division in South Australia. It was set up in 1903 and is named for Sir George Grey, Governor of South Australia from 1841–45 (and later Prime Minister of New Zealand). 

The division covers 92% of the state. The borders of the electorate include the Western Australia, Northern Territory, Queensland and New South Wales borders, as well as the south coast. The division includes Ceduna, Port Lincoln, Whyalla, Port Augusta, Roxby Downs, Coober Pedy, Port Pirie, Kadina, Maitland, Orroroo, Peterborough, Burra and Eudunda.

Jack Mortimer won the division in a by-election in 1963, caused by the death of Edgar Russell.


The Nut Job

The Nut Job is a 2014 animated comedy movie about a heist. Will Arnett plays Surly, Brendan Fraser plays Grayson. Katherine Heigl plays Andie. Maya Rudolph plays Precious. 

This movie was released in the United States on January 17, 2014.

Alberta Adams

Alberta Adams (born Roberta Louise Osborn on July 26, 1917 - December 25, 2014) was an American Detroit blues, jump blues, and Chicago blues singer. Adams was born in Indianapolis, Indiana.

She was raised in Detroit, she began performing as a tap dancer and nightclub singer in the 1930s. In 1952, she landed a recording contract with Chess Records and recorded alongside Red Saunders for the record label. Adams toured alongside Duke Ellington, Eddie Vinson, Louis Jordan, Lionel Hampton, and T-Bone Walker amongst others. 

Her solo career saw her secure a recording contract with the now defunct Cannonball Records, and she recorded two albums for them: 1999's "Born With the Blues" and 2000s "Say Baby Say". Her 2004 album, "I'm on the Move", was released on Eastlawn Records label. In 2006 she released the EP "Detroit's Queen of the Blues", which was named Outstanding Blues/R&B Recording at the 2006 Detroit Music Awards. 

At age 91 she recorded "Detroit Is My Home", with Ann Rabson and Thornetta Davis as guest artists.

Adams died in Detroit, Michigan after a period of failing health, aged 97.


Gleb Yakunin

Gleb Pavlovich Yakunin (; 4 March 1934 – 25 December 2014) was a Russian priest and dissident. He fought for the freedom of conscience in the Soviet Union. He was member of Moscow Helsinki Group, and he was elected to Russian Parliaments from 1990 to 1999.

Yakunin was born in Moscow, Soviet Union. He died at the age of 80 after a long illness on 25 December 2014 in Moscow, Russia.


High Stakes &amp; Dangerous Men (abum)

High Stakes & Dangerous Men is the thirteenth album by British hard rock band UFO. It was released in February 1992.

Pascal Jardin

Pascal Jardin is a French director in animation, He directed many Marathon Media series and movies such as Totally Spies! (season 3-5 co-directed with Stephane Berry and directed season 6) and "Gormiti: The Lords of Nature Return!". In 2009, he directed "Totally Spies! The Movie". 

Walter Duncan

Walter Duncan was a British painter. He was born in 1848 in London, He died in 1932 in Richmond, London.

He completed his early studies in the family with his father Edward Duncan. His father was a member of the "Royal Society of Watercolours" in London.

He lived in London, then later in Surrey.

Duncan expressed himself with drawing, pastels, watercolor and oil.


WRIGIT Christopher, GORDON Catherine Mary, SMITH Mary Peskett (2006), “Walter Duncan”, in IDEM "British and Irish Paintings in Public Collections", New Haven 2006, Yale University Press, pag. 310.


Dylan Baker

Dylan Baker (born October 7, 1959) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "Happiness", "Planes, Trains and Automobiles", "Trick 'r Treat", "Spider-Man 3", and in "".

Baker was born in Syracuse, New York, but was raised in Lynchburg, Virginia.

Alan Gross

Alan Phillip Gross (born May 2, 1949) is an American international development professional.

In December 2009, he was arrested while in Cuba working as a U.S. government subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) as part of a program funded under the 1996 Helms-Burton Act. He was prosecuted in 2011 after being accused of crimes against the Cuban state for bringing satellite phones and computer equipment (to members of Cuba’s Jewish community) without the permit required under Cuban law.

After being accused of working for American intelligence services in January 2010, he was ultimately convicted for “acts against the independence or the territorial integrity of the state" in March 2011. He was released from Cuban prison on December 17, 2014.


Divine Discontent

Divine Discontent is the fourth studio album by American Christian rock band Sixpence None the Richer. The album was released on October 29, 2002. It was the group's first studio album of new material in 5 years. It was published by Warner Music label Reprise Records.

The Wild Heart

The Wild Heart is a 1983 pop rock solo album from Stevie Nicks. It had three hit singles: "Stand Back", "If Anyone Falls" and "Nightbird". It peaked at #5 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. This album was released on June 10, 1983.

Little Red Corvette

"Little Red Corvette" is a pop/rock song by musician Prince. The song was his biggest hit at the time of release. It got to #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was on the Prince album "1999". In this song, the LinnDrum was heard.

The song was released on February 9, 1983.

1999 (song)

"1999" is a song by Prince. This was the title track from the album "1999".

The song was released on September 24, 1982. At that time, it did not get into the top 40 in the United States or the United Kingdom. It peaked at #44 in December 1982. Later, after "Little Red Corvette" hit the top 10, "1999" peaked at #12 in the U.S. in July 1983. The Linn LM-1 and LinnDrum were heard in this song.

1999 (Prince album)

1999 is the fifth studio album from Prince. It contained the hit songs "Little Red Corvette", "1999" and "Delirious". The title track was a protest against nuclear proliferation.

The record was released on October 27, 1982.

The album's music is pop, funk and R&B.

"1999" was well received by contemporary critics. Reviewing for "Rolling Stone" in December 1982, Michael Hill praised Prince for "working like a colorblind technician who's studied both Devo and Afrika Bambaataa and the Soulsonic Force, keeping the ["1999"s] songs constantly kinetic with an inventive series of shocks and surprises." "The Village Voice" reviewer Robert Christgau was more reserved in his praise. While conceding that, "like every black pop auteur, Prince commands his own personal groove ... stretching his flat funk forcebeat onto two discs worth of deeply useful dance tracks", he also believed that the musician's only reliable subject remains race, leaving the critic with doubts about the messages behind the sex and apocalyptic songs.

Archaefructus

Archaefructus is an extinct genus of herbaceous aquatic seed plants. Its fossils come from the Yixian Formation in northeastern China, about 125 million years ago in the early Cretaceous. "Archaefructus" is the earliest known genus of flowering plants.

It lacks sepals and petals. Its reproductive organs, carpels and stamens, are produced on an elongate stem rather than condensed into a flower as in modern angiosperms. Archaefructaceae has been proposed as a new basal angiosperm family. 

An alternate interpretation of the same fossil has the long stem as an inflorescence rather than a flower, with staminate (male) flowers below and pistillate (female) flower above. The discovery of "Archaefructus eoflora" supports this interpretation, because a bisexual flower is present between staminate and pistillate organs. If this is correct, "Archaefructus" may not be basal within angiosperms, but it may be close to the Nymphaeales or the basal eudicots.

Tegnér church

A Tegnér church () or Tegnér barn () is a popular nickname given to a type of church building. They are usually located in rural Sweden. They were often built during the late 18th century and the early 19th century. They were built when Esaias Tegnér was bishop of the Diocese of Växjö in the Church of Sweden. The term mostly became popular in Småland.

These buildings are usually white. They are built in Neoclassicist style. They have a tall tower connected to the main building. Many of the buildings were built to replace demolished Medieval churches. The new churches were larger and could hold more people inside. This was needed because the population of Sweden was increasing.

Aumont family

The title of Duke of Aumont was established in 1665. It was first given to Antoine d'Aumont (1601–1669). For a long time, the dukes of Aumont had the title of first Gentleman of the Chamber of the King ("gentilhomme de la chambre du Roi"). They were a fairly influential and wealthy family. They owned the "Hôtel d'Aumont" a large townhouse in Paris. The family also had many other titles including "Marquis of Villequier". This was sometimes used by the heir to the ducal title.


The present reigning Prince of Monaco is a direct descendant of the family. 

Cinque Ports

The Cinque Ports is a confederation of coastal towns in Kent and Sussex. It was originally formed for military and trade purposes, but is now ceremonial. A Royal Charter of 1155 established the ports. The ports are at the eastern end of the English Channel, where the crossing to the continent is narrowest. In Norman French, the name means "five ports". They were:
However, Rye, originally a subsidiary of New Romney, changed to become one of the Cinque Ports, after New Romney was damaged by storms and silted up. Romney is now a mile from the sea, separated from it by Dungeness, which is a large pebble beach.
The Federation of Cinque Ports includes various other towns on the coast. These are called "limbs" of the Cinque Ports.

The Federation is supported by two towns, one of which is Rye, and the other (a few miles back from the coast) is Winchelsea. These towns once supported militias which could be used for defence of the area.

Common wheat

Common wheat ("Triticum aestivum"), also known as bread wheat, is a cultivated wheat species. About 95% of the wheat produced is common wheat.

Common wheat has been got by many generations of artificial selection by farmers choosing the most productive plants which occurred in their crops.

Bread wheat is an allohexaploid, instead of the original two sets (diploid). There are six sets of chromosomes, two sets from each of three different species. Free-threshing wheat is closely related to spelt wheat. As with spelt, genes from goatgrass ("Aegilops tauschii") give bread wheat greater cold hardiness than most wheats. It is cultivated throughout the world's temperate zones.

Of the six sets of chromosomes, two come from einkorn wheat and two from "Aegilops speltoides". This hybridisation created the species "Triticum turgidum", 580820 thousand years ago. The last two sets of chromosomes came from "Aegilops tauschii", 230–430 thousand years ago.

Ford Transit Connect

Ford Transit Connect is a compact van produced by Ford Motor Company from 2002 to the present day. It is currently in its second generation. It replaced the long-running Escort van. 

The first generation Transit Connect was launched in October 2002 to replace the long-running Escort van. 

In 2006, it was mildly updated with the logo moved to the bumper. 

In 2009, the model was facelifted. It had a new front bumper, new grille and new rear lights. At the same time, it launched in North American markets for the 2010 Model Year. 

The second generation Transit Connect was launched in September 2013. 

In 2018, the model was improved. It had a new front bumper, new grille and new rear lights.

Buddy DeFranco

Boniface Ferdinand Leonard "Buddy" DeFranco (February 17, 1923 – December 24, 2014) was an American jazz clarinet player. He was known for performing with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.

DeFranco died in Panama City, Florida at the age of 91.


N. L. Balakrishnan

Narayanan Lakshmi Balakrishnan (born Velayudhan) (17 April 1943 – 25 December 2014), commonly known as N. L. Balakrishnan, was an Indian movie still photographer and actor. He starred in over 70 movies. He was known for his work in "Kerala Kaumudi".

Balakrishnan died from cancer in a hospital in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India, aged 71.


Stanisław Barańczak

Stanisław Barańczak (November 13, 1946, Poznań, Poland – December 26, 2014, Boston, USA) was a Polish poet, literary critic, scholar, editor, translator and lecturer. 

He was most famous and valued for Polish translations of William Shakespeare dramas as well as numerous translations of English poetry by ee cummings, Elizabeth Bishop, Emily Dickinson, Wystan Hugh Auden, Seamus Heaney, Thomas Hardy, Gerard Manley Hopkins, Thomas Stearns Eliot, John Keats, Robert Frost, Edward Lear and others.

Barańczak died in Boston, Massachusetts, aged 58.

Polish Literature in English Translation: Stanisław Barańczak 

Going Back (album)

Going Back is the eighth and final studio album by English singer-songwriter Phil Collins. It was released on 14 September 2010 in the United Kingdom. It was released on 28 September 2010 in the United States. It features covers of '60s Motown & soul standards. It also was his first full solo release in eight years. Collins was primarily concentrated on soundtracks, compilations, and his extensive touring as a solo artist and with Genesis.

iTunes has a digital download deluxe version in the "iTunes LP" HD format which contains 26 (of the 29) audio songs plus the music video for "(Love Is Like a) Heatwave". The "iTunes LP" HD format contains complete song lyrics and a digital photo gallery.

Ultimate edition

In addition to the expanded 25-track CD, the DVD contains four bonus tracks making it the complete "Going Back" session recordings. All 29 tracks can be transferred to a PC as either WAV or mp3 (320kbit/s) files.

DVD bonus tracks

All 29 tracks can be played with a different replica 7" vinyl record sleeve presented for each track.

DVD video materials

A retailer-exclusive version of "Going Back" was offered at Best Buy in the U.S. This included an additional DVD containing a 30-minute interview with Collins. The DVD was packaged with the CD in a 2-disc jewel case, and was the only version of the album with a bonus disc sold at U.S. retail stores.

Collins recorded two of the extra tracks found on the "Ultimate Edition" DVD. "Tears of a Clown" was recorded as a B-side in 2002. In addition, he recorded "Too Busy Thinking About My Baby" as a duet with The Manhattan Transfer on their 1995 album "Tonin'". Both tracks were newly recorded for "Going Back".

The album was reissued as "The Essential Going Back" on 10 June 2016 with fewer tracks than the original release, but with the addition of "Too Many Fish in the Sea," and a bonus disc with live recordings. Just the first disc was included in the "Take a Look at Me Now" 8 album box set of the 2016 editions of Collins' solo albums

Kirti Nidhi Bista

Kirdi Nidhi Bista () (15 January 1927 – 11 November 2017) was a Nepalese politician. He was born in Thamel, Kathmandu, Nepal in 1927. He served as prime minister of Nepal from 1969 to 1970, 1971 to 1973 and 1977 to 1979. Bista died on 11 November 2017 of prostate cancer in Gyaneshwar, Kathmandu, Nepal at the age of 90.

Surya Bahadur Thapa

Surya Bahadur Thapa ( March 21, 1928 – April 15, 2015) was a Nepalese politician. He has served as the Prime Minister of Nepal for five terms, under three different kings, in a political career lasting more than 50 years. His terms were 1963-64, 1965–69, 1979–83, 1997–98 and 2003-04.
Surya Bahadur Thapa had been the first Prime Minister of the Panchayat System.

Thapa died at the age of 87 in a hospital in Delhi, India from respiratory failure after undergoing surgery.

Tulsi Giri

Tulsi Giri ( 26 September 1926 – 18 December 2018) was the Prime Minister of Nepal from 1975 to 1977, and chairman of the Council of Ministers (a "de facto" Prime Ministerial position) between 1960 and 1963, and again in 1964 and 1965. He was born in Siraha District, Nepal in 1926.

Giri died on 18 December 2018 from liver cancer in Budhanilkantha, Kathmandu, Nepal, aged 92.

World Gone Crazy

World Gone Crazy is the 13th studio album by the American rock band The Doobie Brothers. The album was released on September 28, 2010. "World Gone Crazy" debuted at number 39 on the Billboard top 200 albums chart. It was the group's first studio album of new material in 30 years. They worked with the producer of their first 10 albums, Ted Templeman.

Fly from Here

Fly from Here is the 20th studio album by Yes. The album was released on July 4, 2011. It peaked at number 30 on the UK Albums Chart. It peaked at number 36 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart. "Fly from Here" is Yes' first studio album since the release of "Magnification" (2001).

Mudavadekh

Mudavadekh is a village in Khanpur Taluka of Mahisagar District, Gujarat, India. People of various castes of the Hindu religion live there. Most of the people are from Patel and Brahmin castes. The village has a school for 1 to 12. A branch of Baroda Gujarat Gramin Bank is also there. The postal index number or PIN code for the village is 389230. The Head Post office is Lunawada. The main source of income for people is farming.

Regent's University London

Regent's University London is a private, not-for-profit university in London. It is one of six private teaching institutions in the United Kingdom which can award degrees.

It offers dual American and British programmes. It is the second oldest but largest private university in the country. The university has 15% of applicants from the UK, 10% from the United States and the rest from all over the world. Fees are about £14,000 a year for undergraduate courses.

Regent's University London has its campus in Regent's Park, central London. It was built on the site of South Villa, one of the original eight Regent's Park villas. Regent's occupies buildings left by the former Bedford College of the University of London. Bedford College merged with Royal Holloway College, and moved out of London into Surrey.

Regent's has a second campus in Marylebone, called Regent's Marylebone. There it runs the Regents School of Fashion and Design, a range of qualifications in fashion design, marketing, interior design and visual communication.

Brenden Dillon

Brenden Dillon (born November 13, 1990) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Dallas Stars and San Jose Sharks.

Before playing in the NHL, Dillon played one season with the Hope Icebreakers of the Pacific Junior Hockey League (PJHL) and four seasons with the Seattle Thunderbirds of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

Dillon would go undrafted but was signed to a three-year entry-level contract with the Dallas Stars on March 1, 2011. On February 1, 2013, Dillon was able to score his first NHL goal and his first career Gordie Howe hat trick in a 4–3 shootout win against the Phoenix Coyotes.

On November 21, 2014, the Stars traded Dillon to the San Jose Sharks in exchange for Jason Demers and a 2016 third-round pick.


Index Librorum Prohibitorum

The Index Librorum Prohibitorum () was "The Index", a list of books banned by the Catholic Church. They were banned if the Church thought they were heretical, anti-clerical (anti-church) or lascivious (obscene). It was censorship by the Catholic Church.

Early versions of the Index were published in Catholic Netherlands (1529); Venice (1543) and Paris (1551). By mid-century, with wars of religion in France and Germany, authorities thought control of the press could prevent the spread of heresy. This could be done by using a catalog of prohibited works, backed by ecclesiastic and civil authorities.

The first version published in Rome (the "Pauline Index") was issued by Pope Paul IV in 1559. From 1571 to 1917 the Sacred Congregation of the Index was in charge of updating the list. The 20th and final edition appeared in 1948, and the "Index" was formally abolished on 14 June 1966 by Pope Paul VI.

The aim of the list was to protect the belief and morals of the faithful. This was done by preventing them from reading heretical and immoral books. Books thought to contain such errors included works by astronomers such as Johannes Kepler's "Epitome astronomiae Copernicanae", which was on the Index from 1621 to 1835, and by philosophers, like Immanuel Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason". The various editions of the "Index" also had the rules of the Church about the reading, selling and censorship of books. Even editions and translations of the Bible not been approved by the Church could be banned.

Enforcing the Index was the Inquisition. The burning at the stake of Giordano Bruno, whose entire works were placed on the Index on 8 February 1600, was (on the surface) for heresy, not for heliocentrism or other scientific views. However, those other views included a belief in 'other worlds', which was heresy.

Not until 1822 did the Church permit books to be printed which accepted the Earth's motion.

The developments since the abolition of the "Index" show "the loss of relevance of the Index in the 21st century". A complete list of the authors and writings present in the successive editions of the "Index" is given in J. Martínez de Bujanda, "Index Librorum Prohibitorum, 1600–1966". A list of the books that were on the "Index" can be found on the World Wide Web.

The Addiction

The Addiction is a 1995 American horror movie. It was directed by Abel Ferrara and was produced by Preston L. Holmes, Russell Simmons, Denis Hann, and Fernando Sulichin. "The Addiction" was released on October 6, 1995.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 73% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


Medazzaland

Medazzaland is the eighth studio album by Duran Duran. The album was released on October 14, 1997. It was first studio album of new material in 4 years. It was eighth and final studio album on label Capitol Records.

Akina Nakamori

Within two years of her debut, she set herself apart from all the singers of her generation by singing provocative songs with the release of each new single. 

Her hair style and dress sense was very much copied by teenagers in the 1980s. Music wise, her recording company moulded her to be a successor after the mature and sophisticated Momoe Yamaguchi, a singer who retired at age 21 for marriage. Her songs were always of heartbreaks, or rebellion, never to stray far from the 'mold'.







Oh Kyo-moon

Oh Kyo-Moon (born March 2, 1972) is an archer from South Korea.

He won a team silver medal and an individual bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Oh also was a member of Korea's gold medal men's archery team at the 2000 Summer Olympics. In the men's individual competition he finished sixth.

Oh was the world record holder for a single FITA with a score of 1379. That score was beaten by Oh Jin-Hyek at 2009 World Championship in Ulsan with 1386 points.


Hyun Hee

Hyun Hee (born October 4, 1976 in Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea) is a retired South Korean épée fencer.

At the 2002 FIE World Championships Hyun won the women's individual épée final match over Imke Duplitzer of Germany 15-11. She was the first Asian fencer to win a gold medal at the World Championships. In that year, Hyun was named South Korean Sportswoman of the Year.

Mimmi (book series)

The Mimmi series () is a children's books series written by Viveca Lärn (earlier Viveca Sundvall). The main character is Mimmi. She is a girl in late Kindergarten age and later in early primary school age. The books are told from the me-perspective. Many of them are written as diaries. The books were originally published between 1979 and 1996. 

Mimmi lives with her family in Kungälv. Her father Oskar is a postman while her mother Elin is a waitress at restaurant "Gyllene Svanen".

Two television series based on the books have been produced. The first was "En ettas dagbok" from 1985 and the second was "Mimmi" från 1988.

Eddie (book series)

The Eddie series () is a book series written by Viveca Lärn (earlier Viveca Sundvall) about Eddie. He is a boy in early primary school. The books were originally published between 1991 and 2001. They make up a spinoff series set in the Mimmi universe. The books are told from a third-person perspective. The main character Eddie is the brother of Mimmi's friend Anders. Eddie's father is an alcoholic when the stories begin.

In 1994, a telvision series based on the books and named "Håll huvudet kallt" was produced. It aired as Sveriges Television's Christmas calendar that year.

Norrahammar Church

Norrahammar Church () is a church building in Norrahammar in Sweden. It belongs to Norrahammar Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened in 1930. It was originally a chapel.

Järsnäs Church

Järsnäs Church () is a church building in Järsnäs in Sweden. It belongs to Lekeryd Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church has a tradition going back to the Middle Age. In 1905, the church was built again.

Öxnehaga Church

Öxnehaga Church () is a church building at Öxnehaga in Huskvarna in Sweden. It belongs to the Huskvarna Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 27 November 1976. That date was the Saturday before the First Advent Sunday that year.

Ekhagen Church

The Ekhagen Church () is a church building at Ekhagen in Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs ot the Kristina-Ljungarum of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 12 May 1996 by Bishop Anders Wejryd and replaced the former temporary church that stood in Ekhagen between 1968 and mid 1995.

Råslätt Church

Råslätt Church () is a church building at Råslätt in Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Kristina-Ljungarum of the Church of Sweden. The church is dated back to the 1970s. The architect was Per Rudenstam.

Trånghalla Church

Trånghalla Church () is a church building in Trånghalla in Sweden. It belongs to the Bankeryd Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened in 1969.

Trånghalla

Trånghalla is a village in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2005, 1,251 people lived there.

Busungarna

Busungarna was a Swedish pop group. It was active between the early-mid 1980s The group consisted of children. They scored a success in 1982 with the Christmas song "Tomten, jag vill ha en riktig jul".



Österängen Church

Österängen Church () is a church building at Österängen in Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Christina-Ljungarum Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on First Advent Sunday 1961.

Brahe Church

Brahe Church () is a church building on the island of Visingsö in the lake of Vättern in Sweden. it belongs to the Visingsö Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened in 1636 as Wisingsborg Castle Church ().

Any Given Sunday

Any Given Sunday is a 1999 American drama movie. It was directed by Oliver Stone and was produced by Richard Donner, Oliver Stone, Dan Halsted, Lauren Shuler Donner, and Clayton Townsend. "Any Given Sunday" was released on November 10, 1999. The movie is based on the Pat Toomay novel, "On Any Given Sunday".

The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 50% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


The film was shot in Miami, Florida and Irving, Texas in December 14, 1998 to March 6, 1999.

Landsjö Church

Landsjö Church () is a church building in Kaxholmen in Sweden. It belongs to the Skärstad-Ölmstad Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated in 1984.


Kaxholmen

Kaxholmen is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In 2010, 1,458 people lived there. Kaxholmen is near lake Landsjön. The lake is well known for its bird habitats.

Bethel, Connecticut

Bethel () is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States, about sixty miles from New York City. Its population was 20,156 at the 2020 census.


Robert Guillaume

Robert Guillaume (born Robert Peter Williams; November 30, 1927 – October 24, 2017) was an American actor. He is known for his role as Benson on the TV-series "Soap" and the spin-off "Benson", voicing the mandrill Rafiki in "The Lion King" and as Isaac Jaffe on "Sports Night".

Guillaume died on October 24, 2017 at his home in Los Angeles, California from prostate cancer at the age of 89.


João Nílson Zunino

João Nílson Zunino commonly known as Zunino (9 April 1946 – 23 December 2014) was a Brazilian businessman and cardiologist. He served as the president of Avaí Futebol Clube from 2002 until 2013, succeeding Flávio Ricardo Félix. He was also a cardiology doctor and a businessman. He was born in São João Batista, Brazil.

Zunino died on 23 December 2014 in Florianópolis, Brazil, aged 68.

Saint John's Church, Habo

Saint John's Church () is a church building in Habo in Sweden. It belongs to the Habo Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 12 September 1993.

Rugby railway station

Rugby railway station is an interchange station in the town of Rugby in Warwickshire. The station is on the West Coast Main Line and is a major interchange for services towards the West Midlands, the North West and London. London Midland provide services between Euston/Northampton-Rugby/Coventry/Birmingham and Euston-Crewe/Stafford/Stoke-on-Trent. Virgin Trains provide services between Euston-West Midlands/North West.

Fiskebäck Chapel

Fiskebäck Chapel () is a chapel in Fiskebäck in Sweden. It belongs to the Habo Parish of the Church of Sweden. The chapel was opened on 2 December 1939.

Jacques Chancel

Jacques Chancel, (Joseph André Jacques Régis Crampes; 2 July 1928 – 23 December 2014) was a French journalist and writer. He was known for being the radio host of "Radioscope" and "Le Grand Échiquier" for 22 years. Chancel was born in Ayzac-Ost, France.

Chancel died at his home in Paris from cancer, aged 86.

Roberto Delmastro

Roberto Delmastro Naso (17 October 1945 – 26 December 2014) was a Chilean politician and engineer. Delmastro was born in Santiago, Chile. He served in the Chamber of Deputies of Chile representing the 53rd district from March 1998 through March 2014.

Delmastro died from lung cancer at his home in Valdivia, Chile, aged 69.

Skärstad Church

Skärstad Church () is a church building in Skärstad in Sweden. It belongs to the Skärstad-Ölmstad Parish of the Church of Sweden and was built in the early 19th century. It replaced a demolished 15th century church.

The first church service inside was held on 17 October 1819. The church was officially inaugurated on 27 May 1827 by Bishop Esaias Tegnér.

Skärstad

Skärstad is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In 2010, 341 people lived there.

David Ryall

David John Ryall (5 January 1935 – 25 December 2014) was an English character actor. He appeared on British television beginning in the 1970s. Ryall was born in Shoreham-by-Sea, Sussex, England.

He was known for his roles in "Lytton's Diary" and "Goodnight Sweetheart", as well as memorable roles in Dennis Potter's "The Singing Detective" and Andrew Davies's adaptation of "To Play the King" and "The Final Cut", the final two parts in the "House of Cards" trilogy. He also played Grandad in BBC sitcom "Outnumbered".

In recent years, he played the role of Elphias Doge in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1".

Ryall died in London, England, aged 79.

Tomaž Šalamun

Tomaž Šalamun (July 4, 1941 – December 27, 2014) was a Slovenian poet. He was a leading name of postwar neo-avant-garde poetry in Central Europe and internationally acclaimed absurdist.

Šalamun died on 27 December 2014 in Ljubljana, Slovenia, aged 73.

Vahan Hovhannisyan

Vahan Hovhannisyan (; August 16, 1956 – December 28, 2014) was an Armenian politician of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF). He was Vice-President of the National Assembly of Armenia from 2007 to 2008 and was a candidate in the February 2008 presidential election.

Leopoldo Federico

Leopoldo Federico (12 January 1927 – 28 December 2014) was an Argentine bandoneon player, arranger, music director and composer. He was born in Buenos Aires. In 1955 he joined Astor Piazzolla's Octeto Buenos Aires and later that year, with his own orquesta típica, he made many recordings with the singer Julio Sosa. 

Federico died on 28 December 2014 in Buenos Aires. He was 87.


Karel Poma

Karel Emiel Hubert, Baron Poma (14 March 1920 – 27 December 2014) was a Belgian liberal and politician. He served as a minister of state. Poma later served as Mayor of Wilrijk from 1953 to 1958. He later served in the Belgian Federal Parliament from 1965 through 1985. He was born in Antwerp, Belgium.

Poma died at the age of 94 in Wilrijk, Antwerp, Belgium.


Nykyrka Church

Nykyrka Church () is a church building in the outer parts of western Mullsjö in Sweden. It belongs to the Mullsjö-Sandhem Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened in October 1887. It then replaced a 1656 church.

Utvängstorp Church

Utvängstorp Church () is a church building in Mullsjö Municipality in Sweden. It is located circa two Scandinavian miles south of Tidaholm and two Scandinavian miles north of Mullsjö. It belongs to the Mullsjö-Sandhem Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church is dated back to the later 12th century.

Bjurbäck Church

Bjurbäck Church () is a church building in Mullsjö Municipality in Sweden. It is located on the northeastern shorelines of the Lake Näs. It belongs to the Mullsjö-Sandhem Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 23 July 1899. It then replaced a 1732 church.

The Three Investigators

The Three Investigators is an American juvenile detective book series. It was first published as ""Alfred Hitchcock and the Three Investigators"" . It was created by Robert Arthur, Jr.. He modeled his series after the popular The Hardy Boys books. The characters known as the "three investigators" are three boys named Jupiter Jones, Peter Crenshaw and Bob Andrews. The original series of 43 books was published from 1964 to 1987 by Random House.

Electrolysis of water

Electrolysis of water is the decomposition of water into oxygen and hydrogen gas. This technique can be used to produce breathable oxygen or hydrogen gas as a fuel source, referred to as hydrogen fuel. However, that method is more expensive than the industrial way to produce hydrogen fuel from natural gas.

This is what is referred to as a non-spontaneous reaction which requires impetus.

At the cathode, reduction (in this case, the gain of electrons) occurs. At the anode, oxidation (in this case, the loss of electrons) occurs. Normally, the reaction is balanced with either an acid or a base as shown in the equations below.

That two reactions are half reactions. They are balanced with an acid. Commonly hydrochloric acid or sulfuric acid is used. However, the half reactions can also be balanced with a base, for example with sodium hydroxide.

Combining one pair of half reactions leads to an overall reaction, which is then the decomposition of water into oxygen and hydrogen.

Bringing Down the House

Bringing Down the House is a 2003 romantic comedy movie. The movie is about a working tax attorney who tries to turn his life around. Steve Martin plays Peter. Queen Latifah plays Charlene. Joan Plowright plays Virginia.

The movie received mixed to negative reviews from critics. It made quite a bit of money anyway.

Bottnaryd

Bottnaryd is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 713 people lived there.

Lekeryd

Lekeryd is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 817 people lived there.

Odensjö

Odensjö is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,495 people lived there.

Öggestorp

Öggestorp is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 212 people lived there.

Ölmstad

Ölmstad is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 296 people lived there.

Örserum

Örserum is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 322 people were living there.

Taberg

Taberg is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,392 people lived there.

Case 39

Case 39 is a 2009 American-Canadian psychological horror movie. It was directed by Christian Alvart and was produced by Lisa Bruce, Steve Golin, Alix Madigan, and Kevin Misher. "Case 39" was released on August 13, 2009 in the United Kingdom, as well as European and Latin American countries. The movie was originally supposed to be released in North America in August 2008 but it was delayed twice.

Emily Jenkins (Renée Zellweger) is a social worker living in Oregon, who is assigned to investigate the family of ten-year-old Lillith Sullivan (Jodelle Ferland), as her grades have declined and an emotional rift with her parents has emerged. Emily suspects that the parents have been mistreating Lillith. Emily's fears are confirmed when Lillith's parents try to kill her by gassing her in the oven at home. Emily saves Lillith with the help of Detective Mike Barron (Ian McShane). Lillith is originally sent to a children's home, but she begs Emily to look after her instead. With the agreement of the board, Emily is assigned to take care of Lillith until a suitable foster family comes along. In the meantime, Lillith's parents, Edward and Margaret Sullivan (Callum Keith Rennie and Kerry O'Malley) are placed in a mental institution.

Not too long after Lillith moves in, strange things begin to happen around Emily. Two weeks later, another of Emily's cases, a boy named Diego (Alexander Conti), suddenly murders his parents with a crowbar, and Barron informs Emily that somebody phoned Diego from her house the night before the crime. As she is suspected of involvement in the incident, Lillith undergoes a psychiatric evaluation by Emily's best friend, Douglas J. Ames (Bradley Cooper). During the session, however, Lillith turns the evaluation around, asking Douglas what his fears are and subtly threatening him. That night after receiving a strange phone call, Douglas is panicked by a mass of hornets coming out of his body in hysteria and kills himself in the bathroom.

Emily gradually becomes fearful of Lillith, so she heads to the mental asylum for answers from Lillith's parents. They tell her that, far from being truly human, Lillith is actually a Succubus-like demon who feeds on emotion, and that they had tried to kill her in an attempt to save themselves. Lillith's father tells Emily that the only way to kill Lillith is to get her to sleep. Shortly after Emily leaves the asylum, Lillith's mother hallucinates being on fire, and her father is stabbed in the eye after attacking a fellow inmate through whom the voice of Lillith spoke. Barron initially thinks Emily should seek psychiatric help, but is later convinced when he receives a strange phone call in his home from Lillith. He arms himself to help Emily. However, he fatally shoots himself in the head with his shotgun, as Lilith makes him imagine he is being attacked by dogs.

After realizing that her closest colleagues have been eliminated, and that the rest of her cases will be next, Emily serves Lillith tea spiked with sedative. While Lillith is asleep, Emily sets fire to her house, hoping to get rid of her. However, the girl apparently escapes unharmed. A police officer offers to escort Emily and Lillith to a temporary place to sleep. As Emily is following the police cars, she suddenly takes a different route and drives her car at a high speed, hoping to bring fear to Lillith. Instead, Lillith forces Emily to relive her childhood memory of her mother driving fast in a rainstorm. Emily fights through the memory, telling herself that it is not real. The image fades, and Lillith appears scared by the fact that Emily was able to fight through their illusions.

Emily drives the car off a pier. As the car sinks, Emily struggles to lock Lillith (now in her demonic true form) in the trunk. Emily then attempts to swim to the surface. The demon grabs Emily's hand to stop her from swimming away but Emily struggle and eventually breaks free, as a trapped Lillith sinks to the bottom. Emily climbs out of the water and sits on the pier.


Tunnerstad

Tunnerstad is a locality on the island of Visingsö in the Lake of Vättern in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2017, 310 people lived there.

Memphis Belle

Memphis Belle is a 1990 war movie. It is about an aircraft named "Memphis Belle" and its crew. Matthew Modine plays Captain Dennis Dearborn. Billy Zane plays Val. John Lithgow plays Bruce.

The movie was released in October 1990. It got mixed reviews from critics.

Bob Rivers

Bob Rivers (born July 7, 1956) is an American radio actor and personality. He spent almost six years working at WAAF in Worcester, Massachusetts. He has also hosted at other radio stations in Seattle and in Baltimore.

One of the first parodies Rivers produced was "Breakin' Up is Hard on You". That was about the Bell System Breakup. His 1987 album "Twisted Christmas" had the song "Twelve Pains of Christmas". He later had other Christmas parody albums.

Rivers was born in Branford, Connecticut.

MS Norman Atlantic

MS "Norman Atlantic" is a ferry. It transports both people and vehicles. It was built in 2009. It can take 850 passengers and 200 vehicles. Its original names were "Akeman Street" and "Scintu". It was renamed "Norman Atlantic" in January 2014.

On 28 December 2014, "Norman Atlantic" caught fire in the Strait of Otranto, in the Adriatic Sea. Eight people were killed and 432 were rescued.

Latrell Sprewell

Latrell Sprewell is a retired American professional basketball player. His nickname was "Spree".

He was selected 24th overall in the 1992 NBA draft by the Golden State Warriors. He started 69 of the 77 games in his rookie season and averaged 15.4 points per game.

During his time as a professional, Sprewell was named to the yearly NBA All-Star game four times. He also helped the New York Knicks reach the NBA Finals and the Minnesota Timberwolves to the Western Conference finals.

Despite the accomplishments, his career was overshadowed in 1997 because he choked coach P. J. Carlesimo during a practice. Sprewell's career came to an unexpected end in 2005 when he refused a $21-million three-year contract offer from the Timberwolves.

Rapture (disambiguation)

Rapture is a future event in Christian theology.

"Rapture" might also mean:


Holm Park

Holm Park is a football ground in Armagh, Northern Ireland. It is the home of Armagh City F.C..

Floby

Floby is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,499 people lived there.

Övre Soppero

Övre Soppero is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 201 people lived there.

Jonsered

Jonsered is a locality in Partille Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 930 people lived there.

Tärnaby

Tärnaby is an urban area of Sweden - a locality - in Storuman Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 482 people lived there.


Ullånger

Ullånger is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 626 people lived there.

Bible for children

Children's Bibles, or Bibles for children, are often collections of Bible stories rather than actual translations of the Bible aimed at children.

The earliest Bible for children printed in America was "The Children's Bible" (Philadelphia, 1763). "The Bible Story" (1953–57) is a ten-volume series of hardcover children's story books written by Arthur Maxwell. It is based on the King James and Revised Standard versions of the Christian Bible. "The Children's Bible Story Book" (1991) is a children's version of the Bible by Anne de Graaf. It is distributed to British primary schools by the charity Bibles for Children (founded 1997).

Actual Bible versions include the New Century Version, a simplified English revision of the International Children's Bible.

Lillhärdal

Lillhärdal is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 335 people lived there.

Hede

Hede is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 741 people lived there.

Tärendö

Tärendö is a small locality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2000, 208 people lived there. It is located next to the Kalix River and the bifurcation Tärendö River.

Järna, Vansbro Municipality

Järna is a locality in Vansbro Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,413 people lived there. Sometimes, it's called Dala-Järna to distinguish it from Järna in Södertälje Municipality.

Klintehamn

Klintehamn is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,363 people lived there.

Fårösund

Fårösund is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 816 people lived there. The village is located on the minor island of Fårö. People can travel by ferry between Visby and Fårösund.

Brunflo

Brunflo is a locality in Östersund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,890 people lived there. The locality is located circa 15 kilometers southeast from Östersund.

Ope

Ope is a locality in Östersund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 453 people lived there.

Lit

Lit is a locality in Östersund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,040 people lived there.

Åsarna

Åsarna, older spelling: Åsarne, is a locality in Berg Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 268 people lived there.

Länghem

Länghem is a locality in Tranemo Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 989 people lived there.

Alfta

Alfta is a locality in Ovanåker Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,155 people lived there.

Fårö

Fårö is a Swedish minor island in the Baltic Sea. It is located north off Swedish Baltic Sea island of Gotland. The island is the second-largest island in the Swedish historical province of Gotland. The island has a population of fewer than 600 inhabitants. It has become a popular summer resort. From the island, a dialect of Modern Gutnish originates. It is, claimed to be the "oldest" language in Sweden.

Gotska Sandön

Gotska Sandön is a Swedish island in the Baltic Sea. It is located cirka 38 kilometres north of Fårö. The island is approximately 9 kilometres long and 6 kilometres wide. Its area is approximately 36 km².

The island mostly Gotska consists of sand. Its nature is dominated by beaches, dunes, and pine forests. In 1909, the island became one of the National parks of Sweden. In the summertime,regular boat tours are moving between the island and Fårö as well as nd Nynäshamn.

Que te perdone Dios

Que te perdone Dios Also known as Que te perdone Dios... Yo no is a Mexican telenovela produced by Angelli Nesma Medina for Televisa. It is the remake of the telenovela "Abrázame muy fuerte" produced in 2000. The production of the telenovela began on November 15, 2014.

Zuria Vega, Mark Tacher and Rebecca Jones star as the protagonists, while Sergio Goyri, Sabine Moussier and Altaír Jarabo star as the antagonists. With the special participation of María Sorté and René Strickler.

As of February 16, 2015, Canal de las Estrellas is broadcasting "Que te perdone Dios" weeknights at 6:15pm, replacing "Yo no creo en los hombres".

Convenience store

A convenience store is a small store that stocks a range of everyday items. These include groceries, snack foods, candy, toiletries, soft drinks, tobacco products, and newspapers. They may also offer money order and wire transfer services. In some places, corner stores are licensed to sell alcohol, typically beer and wine. 

They differ from general stores and village shops in that they are not usually in rural areas. A convenience store may be part of a gas/petrol station chain. It may be located alongside a busy road, in an urban area, or near a railway or railroad station or other transport hub. In some countries, convenience stores have long shopping hours, some being open 24 hours.

Convenience stores usually charge higher prices than conventional grocery stores or supermarkets. But convenience stores have gained market share. This shows consumers are willing to pay more for convenience. Convenience stores order smaller quantities of inventory at higher per-unit prices from wholesalers. However convenience stores make up for this with the convenience by having longer opening hours, serving more locations, and having shorter checkout lines.

Penguins of Madagascar

Penguins of Madagascar is a 2014 American 3D computer-animated spy action comedy movie by DreamWorks Animation. It's based on the animated series of the same name, serving as a prequel to the show and as a spin-off of the "Madagascar" franchise. Tom McGrath reprises his role of Skipper from both the show and the movies while Chris Miller and Christopher Knights reprises their roles of Kovalski and Private from the movies with Conrad Vernon replacing John DiMaggio as Rico. John Malkovich and Benedict Cumberbatch join them voicing new characters.
It was released by 20th Century Fox on November 26, 2014. It was re-released by Universal Studios.

A video game titled "Penguins of Madagascar", it has been to be released for Wii, Wii U, and Nintendo 3DS.

Slugterra

SlugTerra is a Canadian computer animation television series by Nerd Corps Entertainment. The show first aired in 2012. There were 39 episodes in 2 seasons. The plan also called for three Slugterra movies. The second movie was release on August 2, 2014. 
The show airs on Disney XD in Canada and Disney XD Worldwide. The series was released on DVD in Canada by Entertainment Eone. It was released in the United States by Shout! Factory.

Eli Shane has made the trip down to Slugterra now he must battle Dr. Blakk before he ghouls evrey slug and turns them in to ghouls but no alone with Trixie, Kord and Pronto.


Frankie Randall (singer)

Frankie Randall (born Franklin Joseph "Frank" Lisbona; January 11, 1938 – December 28, 2014) was an American singer, dancer, songwriter, vocalist, actor, and comedian. He was known for appearing on "The Dean Martin Summer Show" and "Day of the Wolves".

Randall died of lung cancer in Palm Springs, California, aged 76.

Deaths in 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2015. For notable deaths for each month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


Deaths in January 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in January 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Odd Iversen

Odd "Ivers" Iversen (6 November 1945 – 29 December 2014) was a Norwegian footballer. He was known for his former record of 158 goals in Norwegian top tier football, as well as his still-standing record of 30 goals in a single season.

Iversen died in Trondheim in the early hours of 29 December 2014 from an unknown illness, aged 69.

He was the father of Steffen Iversen.

Hardo Aasmäe

Hardo Aasmäe (February 11, 1951 – December 29, 2014) was an Estonian geographer, entrepreneur, and politician. He was active in the Estonian People's Front. He was the first post-Soviet mayor of Tallinn, from 1990 to 1992.

Aasmäe died in Tallinn, Estonia, aged 63.

Antonio Brack Egg

Antonio José Brack Egg (3 June 1940 – 30 December 2014), was a Peruvian agronomist engineer, an ecologist, and researcher. He was the first Peruvian Minister of the Environment. 

Egg died after a brief hospitalization in Lima, Peru, aged 74.

P. J. Byrne

Paul Jeffrey "P. J." Byrne (born December 15, 1974) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in movies, such as "Horrible Bosses", "Final Destination 5", "The Campaign", "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "Rampage". He is known for the television roles, such as his role in "The Game" and "Intelligence".


Cyd Charisse

Cyd Charisse (March 8, 1922 – June 17, 2008) was an American actress and dancer. She was known for her roles in "Singin' in the Rain" (1952), "The Band Wagon" (1953) and "Silk Stockings" (1957). Charisse was born in Amarillo, Texas. She was married to Tony Martin.

Charisse died in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack, aged 87.

Windows 10

Windows 10 is a computer operating system by Microsoft. It is part of the Microsoft Windows group of operating systems. It was called Threshold when it was being developed (made/coded). Windows 10 was announced at a press event on 30 September 2014. It was released for personal computers on 29 July 2015. It is a free update for Windows 8 that can be found in the Windows Store until version 1709.

Windows 10 is designed to provide the same look for different systems. These include desktop, laptop, and other systems. 

Unlike earlier versions of Windows, Windows 10 was regularly updated with new features based on user feedback, starting before it was first released. Each release has a four-digit build number. The first two digits (2 numbers) refer to the year of release, and the other two digits refer to the month of release (e.g. "1903" refers to a build released in March 2019).

Windows 10, is by now, the most popular Windows version, at 71.1%. Older versions of Windows 10 (any version before 22H2) are officially discontinued and do not get updated, and Windows 11 is 2nd most popular.









Windows 10 has many versions for different uses, that have different features.


Windows 10 was originally released following Microsoft's fixed lifecycle policy, receiving mainstream support for five years after its original release, followed by five years of extended support. However, starting in February 2018 this was switched to the modern lifecycle policy (excluding LTSC), with each build receiving 18 or 30 (only for H2 versions) months of support after release, depending on edition. Furthermore, Home edition does not support the deferral of feature updates and will thus often receive a new version of Windows 10 prior to the end of the 18-month support period. 

Microsoft's support lifecycle policy for the operating system notes that updates "are cumulative, with each update built upon all of the updates that preceded it", that "a device needs to install the latest update to remain supported", and that a device's ability to receive future updates will depend on hardware compatibility, driver availability, and whether the device is within the OEM's "support period"‍a new aspect not accounted for in lifecycle policies for previous versions. This policy was first invoked in 2017 to block Intel Clover Trail devices from receiving the Creators Update, as Microsoft asserts that future updates "require additional hardware support to provide the best possible experience", and that Intel no longer provided support or drivers for the platform. Microsoft stated that these devices would no longer receive feature updates, but would still receive security updates through January 2023. 

Microsoft will continue to support at least one standard Windows 10 release until October 14, 2025. On April 27, 2023, Microsoft announced that version 22H2 would be the last of Windows 10, meaning this version will extend beyond the normal 18/30 months of support. While the company aimed to discontinue support for Windows 10 by October 2025, it announced an Extended Security Update (ESU) service in December 2023 for Windows 10 devices, until October 2028, for a yet to be announced annual pricing plan. Furthermore, unlike previous Windows ESU services, Windows 10 ESU will be available to individual consumers as well.

Windows RT

Windows RT is a mobile operating system developed by Microsoft. It is a version of Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 built for the 32-bit ARM architecture (ARMv7). First unveiled in January 2011 at Consumer Electronics Show, the Windows RT operating system was officially launched 
on August 26, 2012, with the release of three Windows RT-based devices, including Microsoft's original Surface tablet. Unlike Windows 8, Windows RT is only available as preloaded software on devices specifically designed for the operating system by original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). Normal apps such as Google Chrome can't be downloaded on Windows RT through any web browser, the only way to get apps on Windows RT is by using the Windows Store, which is an app store for Microsoft Windows, starting from Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 and is also compatible with some version of Windows Server operating systems, such as Windows Server 2012 and Windows Server 2012 R2.

Mainstream support ended on January 9, 2018. In 2021 Microsoft said it’ll stop providing security updates and support for Windows RT after January 10, 2023 (EOL date).

Multinational corporation

Multinational corporations (MNC) or multinational enterprises (MNE) are organizations which own or control production of goods or services in countries other than the home country. They include large corporations which produce or sell goods or services in various countries. They may be referred as 'international' or 'transnational' or 'stateless' corporations.

MNCs play an important role in globalization. Arguably, the first multinational business organization was the "Knights Templar" , founded in 1120. After that came the British East India Company in 1600 and the Dutch East India Company which started in1602 and would become the largest company in the world for nearly 200 years. These were made by national legislation to conduct international trade for their home countries.

The behavior of MNCs is much discussed.

Conflict of laws is about which legal system and which national jurisdiction applies to a given dispute.

The term comes from situations where here is disagreement as to where a dispute should be legally settled in court. The three branches of conflict of laws are:

Companies usually arrange their affairs to avoid or diminish taxation. This issue attracts much attention. Obviously, tax rates and tax regulations differ from country to country. If an organisation sets up subsidiaries in every country where it has significant business, few problems arise. The subsidiaries pay tax on whatever activities the company does in that place.

However, companies always try to minimise tax. Google uses various tax avoidance strategies. Out of the five largest American technology companies it pays the lowest taxes to countries where its revenue comes from. The company does this partly by licensing technology through subsidiaries in Ireland, Bermuda, the Bahamas, and the Netherlands. This reportedly sparked a 2012 French investigation into Google's "transfer pricing" methods.

Google Vice President Matt Britt in 2013 told the Public Accounts Committee of the UK House of Commons that his UK sales team made no sales, hence owed no sales tax to the UK.

A transnational corporation (TNC) differs from a traditional MNC in that it does not identify itself with one national home. While traditional MNCs are national companies with foreign subsidiaries, TNCs spread out their operations in many countries sustaining high levels of local responsiveness.<ref name="Case study: The Relationship between the Structure/Strategy of Multinational Corporations and Patterns of Knowledge Sharing within them"></ref> An example of a TNC is Nestlé who employ senior executives from many countries and try to make decisions from a global perspective rather than from one centralized headquarters. Another example of a Transnational Corporation is the Royal Dutch Shell corporation whose headquarters may be in The Hague, Netherlands but its registered office and main executive body where the decisions are made is headquartered in London, United Kingdom.

William Tyndale

William Tyndale (c. 1484–1536) was an English scholar. He is well known for his translation of the Bible into English and for his later prosecution and execution.

He was influenced by both Desiderius Erasmus, who made the Greek New Testament available in Europe, and Martin Luther. The spread of the Wycliffe Bible led to strong measures to keep translations in the hands of the Catholic Church. There was a death sentence for any unlicensed possession of English Bibles, but translations in all other major European languages were allowed.

Tyndale's translation was the first English Bible to draw directly from Hebrew and Greek texts and the first English one to take advantage of the printing press. That was seen as a direct challenge to the Roman Catholic Church. In 1530, Tyndale also wrote "The Practyse of Prelates" and opposed King Henry VIII's divorce on the grounds that it contravened Scripture.

A copy of Tyndale's earlier "The Obedience of a Christian Man" fell into the hands of Henry VIII, who found the reasons that he used to break the Church of England from the Roman Catholic Church in 1534. Meanwhile, the agents of Chancellor Thomas More were searching in Europe for Tyndale, who had taken refuge and hoped the Church would not get him.

Eventually, in 1535, Tyndale was arrested and jailed outside Brussels for over a year. More was executed on 6 July 1535, and Tyndale was convicted of heresy in 1536 and executed by garrotting, and his body was burnt at the stake. Tyndale's last words were "Lord, open the King of England's eyes."
Two years later, Henry VIII authorized the so-called Great Bible for the Church of England, which was largely Tyndale's own work. Hence, the Tyndale Bible, as it was known, played a key role in spreading the Protestant Reformation.

In 1611, the 54 scholars who produced the King James Version drew significantly from Tyndale and from translations that descended from his. One estimate suggests the New Testament in the King James Version is 83% Tyndale's and the Old Testament 76%. In 2002, Tyndale was placed at number 26 in the BBC's poll of the 100 Greatest Britons.


Allier (river)

The Allier () is a river in central France, left tributary of the Loire River. It flows through several regions.

The Allier department is named after this river. In Ancient Rome, the river was named "Elaver".

The Allier river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Cuffy in the Cher department.

The source of the Allier is in the mountainous region of "Margeride", part of the Massif Central, on the mountain "Moure de la Gardille" in the Chasseradès municipality, Lozère department. The source is at an altitude of about .

The Allier flows, in general, to the north and passes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


Finally, it flows, as a left tributary into the Loire river at the "bec d'Allier" ("beak of the Allier"), near the city of Nevers, in the limits between the Cher and Nièvre departments in the towns of Marzy, Cuffy and Gimouille, at of altitude.

The main tributaries, with a length greater than , of the Allier are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Blockade runner

A blockade runner is usually a lighter-weight ship used for slipping past a naval blockade of a port or strait. This is not the same as ships used to challenge the blocking ships to break the blockade. Very often blockade running is done in order to bring food or arms to a blockaded city. In other cases the blockade runners would carry mail in an attempt to communicate with the outside world. Carrying trade goods from blockaded ports is another function.

Blockade runners are often the fastest ships available. They are usually lightly armed and armored. Their operations are quite risky since blockading fleets would not hesitate to fire on them. However, the potential profits (economically or militarily) from a successful blockade run are tremendous. Blockade-runners typically had excellent crews. Although similar to smugglers, blockade-runners are often operated by state's navies as part of the regular naval fleet. Notable users of blockade runners include the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War and Germany during both World War One and World War Two.



The Iceman (movie)

The Iceman is a 2013 American crime drama thriller movie directed by Ariel Vernon. It is about the killing spree of contract killer Richard Kuklinski and mob boss Roy DeMeo.

It stars Michael Shannon, Winona Ryder, Ray Liotta, Chris Evans, James Franco, and David Schwimmer. It is set during the 1960s and 1970s in New York City and New Jersey.

It was released to mostly positive reviews on a limited release on May 3, 2013.

Per-Ingvar Brånemark

Per-Ingvar Brånemark (May 3, 1929 – December 20, 2014) was a Swedish orthopedic surgeon and research professor. He was called the "father of modern dental implantology". The "Brånemark Osseointegration Center" (BOC), named after its founder, was founded in 1989 in Gothenburg, Sweden.

Brånemark died at the age of 85 in Gothenburg.


Herbert Harris

Herbert Eugene Harris, II (April 14, 1926 – December 24, 2014) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. His district included part of Fairfax County. He served as a representative from 1975 through 1981.

Harris died on December 24, 2014 at his house on Fairfax County, Virginia, aged 88.

Merrill Womach

Merrill Womach (February 7, 1927 – December 28, 2014) was an American undertaker, organist and gospel singer. He was known for founding National Music Service (now Global Distribution Network, Inc.), which provided recorded music to funeral homes across America, and for surviving a plane crash in Beaver Marsh, Oregon. It left him disfigured with third degree burns on his hands and his entire head.

Womach died in his sleep on December 28, 2014 in his birthplace Spokane, Washington.

Marian Jurczyk

Marian Jurczyk (16 October 1935 - 30 December 2014) was a Polish politician and Solidarity trade union activist. He served as Mayor of Szczecin from 1998 through 2000 and from 2002 through 2006. He was born in Karczewice, Second Polish Republic.

Jurczyk died in Szczecin, Poland, aged 79.

Walter Roque

Walter ""Cata"" Roque (8 May 1937 – 30 December 2014) was a Uruguayan-born Venezuelan footballer and entertainer. He played for the Uruguay national team. During his later career he coached the Venezuela national team. Roque was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Roque died in Caracas, Venezuela, aged 77.


Arthur Valerian Wellesley, 8th Duke of Wellington

Brigadier Arthur Valerian Wellesley, 8th Duke of Wellington (2 July 1915 – 31 December 2014), styled Marquess of Douro between 1943 and 1972, was a senior British peer and a brigadier in the British Army. His main residence was Stratfield Saye House in Hampshire.

He was educated at Eton College and New College, Oxford.

He was a member of the House of Lords from 1972 until 1999, losing his seat by the House of Lords Act.

The 8th Duke died at the age of 99 at his home in Stratfield Saye House, Hampshire, England.



Franc Veliu

Franc Veliu (born 11 November 1988 in Vlorë) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays mainly as a defender for Kosovan club Gjilani and the Albania national team.



Edward Herrmann

Edward Kirk Herrmann (July 21, 1943 – December 31, 2014) was an American actor of movies and television, television director, narrator, and screenwriter. He won a Tony Award in 1976 and an Emmy Award in 1999.

Herrman was born in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in Grosse Pointe, Michigan. He studied at Bucknell University and at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.

His career began in 1971. He was known for playing Franklin D. Roosevelt on several movies and television shows. He played President Roosevelt in "Annie". He was also known for his role as Richard Gilmore on the television series "Gilmore Girls". 

He also narrated several shows on PBS, Nova, and the History Channel. His last role before his death in 2014, was as a narrator for a television commercial in 2013 Martin Scorsese's "The Wolf of Wall Street". 

Hermann died on December 31, 2014 of brain cancer, at the age of 71 in New York City.


Menachem Begin

Menachem Begin (16 August 1913 – 9 March 1992) was an Israeli politician. Originally a Zionist activist in Eastern Europe, he later became Prime Minister of Israel. 
In 1941 he joined the Free Polish army. This is how he arrived in Mandatory Palestine in 1942.

In 1942, Begin joined the Irgun, a Zionist-Jewish paramilitary organisation, which was labelled as a terrorist organization in the 1940s. From 1943 to 1948 he was commander of the Irgun.

He was the founder of the Israeli political party Likud. He was the sixth Prime Minister of Israel.

Begin’s most significant acts as Prime Minister include officially declaring Jerusalem the capital of Israel, imposing Israeli law on the Golan Heights, destroying Saddam Hussein's nuclear reactor in Iraq, controversially leading Israel through the early stages of the 1982 Lebanon War, and most famously, signing the Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty. For that treaty, Begin and Anwar Sadat shared the Nobel Peace Prize.

Begin resigned as Prime Minister in October 1983. He died on 9 March 1992 after a heart attack. He was buried on the Mount of Olives.

Bill Woodson

William T. Woodson (July 16, 1917 – February 22, 2017) was an American voice actor. He was best known for his narration of the radio series "This is Your FBI" and the animated series "Super Friends" and all its spin-offs.

Bill Maynard

Walter Frederick George Williams (8 October 1928 – 30 March 2018), better known by the stage name Bill Maynard, was an English comedian and actor. He was born in Heath End, Surrey, England. He was known for his role as Claude Jeremiah Greengrass in the television series "Heartbeat".

Maynard died at a Leicestershire hospital of complications from a fall on 30 March 2018 at the age of 89.

Eddie Large

Eddie Large (25 June 1941 – 2 April 2020) was the stage name of Edward Hugh McGinnis, a British comedian. He was best known as a part of the double act Little and Large, with Syd Little. They starred in the very popular British comedy series "The Little and Large Show".

Large was born Edward Hugh McGinnis in Glasgow in 1941. His father Teddy served as a Petty Officer in the Royal Navy during World War II and after he returned from the war the family moved to a tenement in Oatlands. When he was nine years old the family moved again to Manchester, where he attended Claremont Road Primary School and a grammar school.

After being in hospital in March 2002 with kidney trouble, he underwent a heart transplant at Papworth Hospital, Cambridge in 2003. He recovered fully. Large was hospitalised for weeks in late 2013 after tripping over a road sign near his Portishead, Somerset home.

Large died on 2 April 2020 of COVID-19 at a hospital in Bristol at the age of 78.

Cliff Michelmore

Arthur Clifford "Cliff" Michelmore (11 December 1919 – 16 March 2016) was an English television presenter and producer. He was best known for the BBC television programme "Tonight", which he presented from 1957 to 1965.

Michelmore died on 16 March 2016 in a hospital in Hampshire, England at the age of 96.

Martin Crowe

Martin David Crowe (22 September 1962 – 3 March 2016) was a New Zealand cricketer, commentator and author. He was a Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1985, and was thought as one of the "best young batsmen in the world". A right-handed batsman, Crowe represented New Zealand from the early 1980s until his retirement in 1996. His cousin is actor Russell Crowe.

In 2012, Crowe announced that he is suffering from lymphoma. In 2013, he said that the cancer has disappeared. In 2014 however, Crowe announced that the lymphoma had returned and said that his chances of survival beyond a year were less than 5% and also of his wish to see the 2015 Cricket World Cup in February and March 2015.

Crowe died from complications of lymphoma in Auckland, New Zealand on 3 March 2016 at the age of 53.


Ken Kercheval

Ken Kercheval (July 15, 1935 – April 21, 2019) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Cliff Barnes on the 1980s television series "Dallas" and its 2012 revival.

Kercheval died of pneumonia in Clinton, Indiana on April 21, 2019 at the age of 83.


Georges J. F. Köhler

Georges Jean Franz Köhler (17 April 1946 – 1 March 1995) was a German biologist. Köhler won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with César Milstein and Niels Kaj Jerne in 1984. He is known for his work on the immune system and the production of monoclonal antibodies.

Erwin Neher

Erwin Neher (; ; born 20 March 1944) is a German biophysicist. His works focused on cell physiology. In 1991, with Bert Sakmann, he won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for "their discoveries concerning the function of single ion channels in cells".

Bert Sakmann

Bert Sakmann (born 12 June 1942) is a German cell physiologist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Erwin Neher in 1991 for their work on "the function of single ion channels in cells loop," and the invention of the patch clamp. 

Sakmann was Professor at Heidelberg University and is an Emeritus Scientific Member of the Max Planck Institute for Medical Research in Heidelberg, Germany. He has also worked with research group at the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology.

Sakmann was born in Stuttgart.

Edmond H. Fischer

Edmond Henri Fischer (April 6, 1920 – August 27, 2021) was a Swiss-born American biochemist. He and his partner Edwin G. Krebs were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1992 for their works on phosphorylation works as a switch to activate proteins and regulate various cellular processes. From 2007 until 2014, he was the Honorary President of the World Cultural Council.

Fischer died on August 27, 2021 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 101.

Peter Mansfield

Sir Peter Mansfield FRS, (9 October 1933 – 8 February 2017) was an English physicist. He was awarded the 2003 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. He shared with Paul Lauterbur. He was known for his discoveries concerning Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI). Mansfield was a professor at the University of Nottingham.

Mansfield was born in Lambeth, London. He studied at Queen Mary College, London. Mansfield graduated with a BSc from Queen Mary's in 1959.

Mansfield died in Nottingham, England on 8 February 2017, aged 83.

Thomas C. Südhof

Thomas Christian Südhof (born December 22, 1955), is a German-American biochemist. He is known for his study of synaptic transmission.

Südhof, James Rothman and Randy Schekman won the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on vesicle trafficking.

John O'Keefe

John O'Keefe, FRS FMedSci (born November 18, 1939) is an American-British neuroscientist. He is a professor at the Sainsbury Wellcome Centre for Neural Circuits and Behaviour and the Research Department of Cell and Developmental Biology at University College London. He is one of the most notable alumni of City College of New York.

O'Keefe is known for his discovery of place cells in the hippocampus. He discovered that they show a kind of coding for places. This is a positioning system, an “inner GPS” in the brain that makes it possible to orient ourselves in space.

In 2014, he received the Kavli Prize in Neuroscience "for the discovery of specialized brain networks for memory and cognition", together with Brenda Milner and Marcus Raichle. He shared the one-half of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2014 with May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser, who shared the other half jointly.

O’Keefe and his student Jonathan Dostrovsky discovered place cells by systematically analyzing the environmental factors influencing the firing properties of individual hippocampal neurons.

His many publications on place cells have been highly cited. In addition, he published an influential book with Lynn Nadel, proposing the functional role of the hippocampus as a cognitive map for spatial memory function. In extensions of his work, place cells have been analyzed experimentally or simulated in models in hundreds of papers.

Wilfrid Laurier

Sir Henri Charles Wilfrid Laurier (20 November 1841 – 17 February 1919), known as Wilfrid Laurier (; ), was the seventh Prime Minister of Canada from 11 July 1896 to 6 October 1911.


Robert Borden

Sir Robert Laird Borden (June 26, 1854 – June 10, 1937) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. He served as the eighth Prime Minister of Canada from October 10, 1911, to July 10, 1920. He was the third Nova Scotian to hold this office.

After retiring from public life, he served as the chancellor of Queen's University. His portrait appears on Canadian $100 bills produced since 1976.


Arthur Meighen

Arthur Meighen (; 16 June 1874 – 5 August 1960) was a Canadian lawyer and politician who served as the ninth prime minister of Canada, in office from July 1920 to December 1921 and again from June to September 1926. 

William Lyon Mackenzie King

William Lyon Mackenzie King, PC, OM, CMG (December 17, 1874 – July 22, 1950), also commonly known as Mackenzie King, was the dominant Canadian political leader from the 1920s through the 1940s.

He served as the tenth Prime Minister of Canada from December 29, 1921 to June 28, 1926; from September 25, 1926 to August 7, 1930; and from October 23, 1935 to November 15, 1948. A Liberal with 22 years in office, he was the longest-serving Prime Minister in Canadian history.

King died on July 22, 1950, at Kingsmere from pneumonia, aged 75. He is buried in Mount Pleasant Cemetery, Toronto.


R. B. Bennett

Richard Bedford Bennett, 1st Viscount Bennett, (3 July 1870 – 26 June 1947), was a Canadian lawyer, businessman, and politician. He was the 11th prime minister of Canada from 1930 to 1935.

Louis St. Laurent

Louis Stephen St. Laurent ("Saint-Laurent" or "St-Laurent" in French, baptized Louis-Étienne St-Laurent; 1 February 1882 – 25 July 1973) was the 12th prime minister of Canada, from 15 November 1948 to 21 June 1957. 

John Diefenbaker

John George Diefenbaker (September 18, 1895 – August 16, 1979) was the 13th Prime Minister of Canada from June 21, 1957 to April 22, 1963.

Diefenbaker was known for his passing laws meant to reduce racial discrimination.

Pope Boniface VI

Pope Boniface VI (; 806 – April 896) was the bishop of Rome. He was Pope of the Papal States in April 896. He was from Rome.

His election came about as a result of riots soon after the death of Pope Formosus. After a pontificate of fifteen days, he is said by some to have died of the gout.

John IX, in 898, said that his election was null and void.

Pope Clement VI

Pope Clement VI (; 1291 – 6 December 1352), born Pierre Roger, was Pope of the Catholic Church from 7 May 1342 to his death in 1352. He was the fourth Avignon pope. 

Clement reigned during the Black Death (1348–1350), during which he said all who died of the plague would not go to hell.

Pope Formosus

Pope Formosus (896) was Pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 6 October 891 to his death. His reign as pope was troubled, marked by power struggles over the Patriarchate of Constantinople, the Kingdom of West Francia, and the Holy Roman Empire.

During his papacy, Formosus also had to side with the Saracens, who were attacking Lazio. On 4 April 896, Formosus died. He was replaced by Boniface VI, whose papacy lasted 15 days.

He sided with Arnulf of Carinthia against Lambert of Spoleto. He was accused of perjury and was put on trial. As a result, Formosus's remains were exhumed and put on trial in the Cadaver Synod. He was found guilty and his body was buried many times at a nearby river.

Pope Mark

Pope Mark () was the bishop of Rome from 18 January to his death on 7 October 336. His feast day is celebrated on 7 October.

Pope Stephen VI

Pope Stephen VI (; died August 897) was the bishop of Rome. He was Pope of the Papal States from 22 May 896 to his death. He is best known for fighting the Cadaver Synod, which ultimately led to his downfall and death.

Stephen VI was strangled to death by protesters.

Omar Karami

Omar Abdul Hamid Karami (‎; 7 September 1934 – 1 January 2015) was a Lebanese politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Lebanon twice: from 24 December 1990 to 13 May 1992 and from 26 October 2004 to 19 April 2005.

Karami was born in An Nouri, near Tripoli, French Mandate of Lebanon to a Muslim family. He studied at Cairo University in Cairo, Egypt. His son, Faisal, also became a politician.

Karami died after a long illness on 1 January 2015 in Beirut, aged 80.

Megan Connolly

Megan Jennifer Connolly (9 April 1974 – 6 September 2001) was an Australian actress. She was best known for her role as Rebecca Nash, replacing Belinda Emmett, in the television series "Home and Away". She also appeared in other television productions such as "Paradise Beach". In 1990, she starred in the movie "The Crossing" with Russell Crowe. She later became a television announcer.

Connolly was born in New South Wales and was of Irish ancestry.

Connolly died from a heroin overdose on 6 September 2001, aged 27.

Stitching awl

A stitching awl is a simple tool to punch holes in leather or other material. It can also be used to make holes larger. 

The awl is used for sewing leather or canvas. It has a thin, tapered metal shaft, coming to a sharp point, either straight or slightly bent. These shafts usually have an eye piercing at the pointed end. This helps to draw thread through holes for lock stitch sewing by hand. They are also called sewing awls.

Zbečník

Zbečník is a village in north-eastern Bohemia, Czech Republic. It is approximately from the border with Poland. It is long and is part of the town of Hronov. The oldest known written evidence of Zbečník dates to the 15th century. It mentions a fortress of Quicken on a hill above Zbečník.

Zbečník is along the main road through the Zbečník stream valley. It is next to the town of Hronov, to the east. The stream flows through the village and joins the river Metuje at Hronov. To the north of the village is a mountain called Maternice. It rises above sea level. On this mountain is a source of drinking water called Skalákova studánka. In the early 19th century there were attempts to mine coal on Maternice mountain. Because of the poor quality of the coal all mining was discontinued.

As Zbečník is in a valley. It experiences greater climatic extremes than nearby towns and villages. It is prone to colder winter temperatures, dropping to to and hottest summer days up to to .


Élisabeth of France

Élisabeth of France, "Daughter of France" ("Élisabeth Philippine Marie Hélène";, 3 May 1764 – 10 May 1794), known as Madame Élisabeth, was a member of the immediate French royal family. She was the youngest sibling of King Louis XVI. During the French Revolution, she stayed with the king and his family. She was executed at Place de la Révolution in Paris during the "Reign of Terror" in the French Revolution. She is regarded by the Roman Catholic Church as a martyr and is venerated as a Servant of God. 

Élisabeth was the youngest child of the dauphin and dauphine of France. She was born during the reign of her grandfather, Louis XV. She grew up in the Palace of Versailles. She was always close to her older sister Clotilde. The two sisters were raised together by Madame de Marsan. 

Élisabeth was a skillful rider. She was also interested in art. Several of her drawings are in the museum of the Château de Versailles. In 1774, her grandfather, Louis XV, died. Her elder brother became king as Louis XVI.

Élisabeth was deeply religious. She was devoted to her brother the king. She refused to marry so that she could stay in France. In 1777, a marriage was suggested to Joseph II, Holy Roman Emperor. He was the son of Empress Maria Theresa of Austria and brother of her sister-in-law, Queen Marie Antoinette. Élisabeth declined with her brother's consent.

Élisabeth was executed during the French Revolution. She was buried at the Cimetière des Errancis, Paris. Her body was later moved to the Catacombs of Paris. 

Madame Elisabeth died in the odour of holiness. According to Madame de Genlis, a scent of roses spread across the Place de la Concorde after her execution. In 1953, Pope Pius XII recognised by decree the heroic character of her virtues simply because of her martyrdom. The princess was declared a Servant of God and the cause of beatification was officially presented on December 23, 1953 by Cardinal Maurice Feltin, Archbishop of Paris. In 2016, Cardinal André Vingt-Trois, Archbishop of Paris, reactivated the cause of his beatification. Father Xavier Snoëk, pastor of the parish of Sainte-Élisabeth-de-Hungary, was appointed postulator of the cause (church in the old Temple district where the princess was imprisoned), and in May 2017 he recognised the association of the faithful promoters of their cause. On November 15, 2017, Cardinal Vingt-Trois, after consulting with the French Bishops' Conference and the nihil obstat of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints in Rome, hopes that the process will lead to the canonization of Madame Elisabeth , sister of Louis XVI. 

Phoenician language

The Phoenician language was originally spoken in the coastal Mediterranean region that was called "Canaan" in Phoenician, Arabic, Greek and Aramaicbut "Phoenicia" in Greek and Latin and "Pūt" in ancient Egyptian. Phoenician was a Semitic language of the Canaanite subgroup. It was related to the Hebrew but was more developed. The language is divided into three groups. Archaic Phoenician dates from the 10th to the 7th century BC. Middle Phoenician dates from 6th to the 4th century BC. Late Phoenician was dated from the 3rd to the 1st century BC. The purple cloth that was produced by the Phoenicians gave the ancient Greeks their name for the colour; "Phoenicia".

Phoenician was spoken in area that includes modern-day Lebanon, coastal Syria, Palestine, northern Israel and parts of Cyprus. In some adjacent areas of Anatolia, it was spoken as a prestige language. It was also spoken in the area of Phoenician colonization along the coasts of the southwestern Mediterranean, including what is nowTunisia, Morocco Algeria, Malta, wester, Sicily, Sardinia, Corsica and southern Spain. The Phoenicians were the first state-level society to make extensive use of the alphabet. The Phoenician alphabet is the oldest verified consonantal alphabet, or abjad, and influenced most of the other alphabets.

Super Sentai

Super Sentai is a Japanese "tokusatsu" media franchise that has been on the air since 1975. The franchise has had subsequent over the years. The seasons are adapted for an American franchise called "Power Rangers". The current Sentai, "Ohsama Sentai King-Ohger", debuted in March 5, 2023. The seasons air on the TV Asahi television network. The seasons first debuted with "Kamen Rider" in 1971.



Jos Wienen

Jos Wienen (born October 3, 1960 in Ridderkerk) is a Dutch politician. He is mayor of Haarlem.

Wienen studied history and theology at Utrecht University. In 1986 he became a councilor for the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) in the town of Ridderkerk. In 1993 he became also an alderman. His job included the planning of space, housing, traffic and transportation affairs. Wienen was also vice-president of the city region Rotterdam.

In 2001, Wienen became mayor of Katwijk. In 2006, Katwijk merged with the towns of Rijnsburg and Valkenburg. He was also a member of the executive committee of the region Holland Rijnland, which includes Katwijk.

Since September 2016 Wienen has been mayor of Haarlem.

Jeff Golub

Jeff Golub (April 15, 1955 – January 1, 2015) was an American jazz guitarist. He released fifteen albums between 1988 and 2013. He also worked with Rod Stewart and Billy Squier.

Golub was born in Copley, Ohio and raised in Akron. In June 2011, he became blind from optic nerve issues. In September 2012, he fell onto a train track in New York but was treated for his injuries.

Golub died from progressive supranuclear palsy on January 1, 2015, aged 59.

Boris Morukov

Boris Vladimirovich Morukov (; 1 October 1950 – 1 January 2015) was a Russian physician and cosmonaut. He was best known for flying aboard NASA Space Shuttle mission STS-106 as a mission specialist. He also trained with the Russian Federal Space Agency as a research-cosmonaut.

Morukov was born in Moscow. In 1973, he got his M.D. from the Russian State Medical University. He was married to Nina and had two children - a son, Ivan, and a daughter, Olga.

Morukov died on 1 January 2015, aged 64.


1270s

The 1270s is a decade. It started on 1 January 1270 and ended on 31 December 1279.



Eric Cunningham

Eric Gordon Cunningham (April 14, 1949 – January 1, 2015) was a Canadian politician. He was a Liberal Ontario MPP for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 until 1984.

Cunningham was born in Hamilton, Ontario. Aside from politics, he was an advertising executive.

Cunningham died in his sleep on January 1, 2015 in Huntsville, Ontario, aged 65.


Mrunalini Devi Puar

Mrunalini Devi Puar (25 June 1931 – 1 January 2015) was an Indian educator and dietitian. She was an educator at the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda before becoming the chancellor of the university after the death of her brother in 1988. She stayed chancellor until her death.

Puar was born in Gujarat. She was a member of the Gaekwad dynasty, the former ruling clan of Baroda State.

Puar died after a short illness on 1 January 2015, aged 83.


Edenryd

Edenryd is a village in Bromölla Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden.

Swedish female singer Sanna Nielsen comes from Edenryd.

Education in Turkey

Education in Turkey is based on a national system which was established in accordance with the Atatürk's Reforms after the Turkish War of Independence. Compulsory education lasts 12 years. 

Primary school () lasts 8 years. Primary education covers the education and teaching of children between the ages of 6–14. 

There are four core subjects at First, Second and Third Grades which are; Turkish, Math, Hayat Bilgisi (literally meaning "Life Knowledge") and Foreign Language. At Fourth Grade, "Hayat Bilgisi" is replaced by Science and Social Studies. The foreign language taught at schools changes from school to school. There are five core subjects at sixth and seventh grades; Turkish, maths, science, social studies and foreign language. At eighth grade, social studies is replaced by history and citizenship.

Secondary education (High School / ) includes all the general, vocational and technical education institutions that provide at least three years of education after primary school. Secondary education aims to give students a good level of knowledge, and to prepare them for higher education. Also to prepare them for a vocation, for life and for business. 

All high schools in Turkey accepting students use an examination by the Ministry of Education (Turkey). At the end of high school, following the 12th grade, students take a "high school finishing examination". They are required to pass this in order to take the University entrance examinations before they can attend a university.

It is not necessary to attend a university in Turkey.

By 2011 there were 166 universities in Turkey. Except for the Open Education Faculty (Turkish: Açıköğretim Fakültesi) at Anadolu University, entrance is regulated by a national examination, ÖSYS, after which high school graduates are assigned to university according to their performance.

Branford, Connecticut

Branford is a coastal town in southern Connecticut. The town is just east of New Haven. At the 2020 census, 28,273 people were living in Branford.

Kartal

Kartal is a district of Istanbul, Turkey. It is located on the Asian side of the city. It is on the coast of the Marmara Sea between Maltepe and Pendik. Its total area is . It has a population of nearly 500,0000 people.

Kartal behind the coast the land rises sharply up to Yakacık Hill ("the balcony of Istanbul") and Aydos, on these hills the land is fertile. Kartal has a mild climate.

Bob Packwood

Robert William "Bob" Packwood (born September 11, 1932) is an American politician. He was a United States Senator from the state of Oregon from 1969 to 1995. Although a member of the conservative Republican Party, Packwood was a moderate. He voted differently from other members of his party many times.

In 1995, Packwood resigned from the Senate after a sex scandal. He stayed involved in politics as a lobbyist and a political consultant. He lives in a suburb of Portland, with his second wife Elaine. She used to be his chief of staff.

The Grey Fox

The Grey Fox is a 1982 Canadian biographical-western movie. It was directed by Phillip Borsos and was produced by Peter O'Brian. "The Grey Fox" was released on December 16, 1982 in Canada and on March 18, 1983 in the United States. The movie is based on the true story of Bill Miner, a stagecoach robber who staged Canada's first train robbery on September 10, 1904.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 100% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert rated the movie 3½ stars and said that it was "a lovely adventure". Farnsworth was nominated for a Golden Globe Award in the category of "Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama" at the 41st Golden Globe Awards. The movie was also nominated for Best Foreign Film. It won many other awards.


Lam Pou-chuen

Lam Pou-chuen (, 10 October 1951 – 2 January 2015) was a Hong Kong voice actor. His career began in 1971. He was known for voicing Doraemon for over twenty years and dubbing many blockbuster movies into Cantonese.

Lam was born in Portuguese Macau. He was a Buddhist.

Lam died at the age of 63 from diabetes problems at his home in Hong Kong.

Miller Williams

Miller Williams (April 8, 1930 – January 1, 2015) was an American contemporary poet, as well as a translator and editor. He wrote over 25 books and won several awards for his poetry. He was perhaps best known for reading a poem at President Clinton's 1997 inauguration. One of his best-known poems was "The Shrinking Lonesome Sestina."

Williams suffered from spina bifida. He died in Fayetteville, Arkansas from Alzheimer's disease, aged 84.





Field of study

A field of study (also called a discipline) is a general topic of knowledge, learning, or research. In schools they are often called "subjects". Some examples include mathematics, biology, and classical studies. Disciplines require training and qualification. Qualified people are able to use the methods of a discipline, and have knowledge of that discipline. Thus, for example, a chemist knows chemistry, and can carry out chemical analysis in a standard chemical laboratory. The discipline of palaeography, the study of ancient writing, covers knowledge of older forms of writing, and how to study, decipher and translate examples of early writing.


Donna Douglas

Donna Douglas (born Doris Ione Smith; September 26, 1932 – January 1, 2015) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Elly May Clampett in the CBS television series "The Beverly Hillbillies" from 1962 to 1971. She also appeared in the series "The Twilight Zone" and the movie "Frankie and Johnny" (1966), alongside Elvis Presley.

Douglas was born in Pride, Louisiana. She had a son, Danny P. Bourgeois (born September 14, 1954). She was married twice, both ending in divorce.

Douglas died from pancreatic cancer on January 1, 2015 in Zachary, Louisiana, aged 82.

Bethany Mota

Bethany Noel Mota (born November 7, 1995) is an American video blogger from Los Banos, California. She was a shy person, lived her childhood with cyber bullying. Starting with her YouTube channel of as "MacBarbie07" created in 2009, she rose to fame for her haul videos, in which she shows her fashion purchases via the internet. She changed her channel name to "Bethany Mota" as she grew more and more well known. She uploads videos of outfit ideas, makeup and hair tutorials, recipes, and do it yourself ideas. She has since expanded into her own fashion line at Aéropostale. She recently went on a tour, which she calls her "Motavatour" to meet and interact with fans. She is now (8/23/2016) is in a Camp to meet and interact with her fans, with a Youtuber named Tyler Oakley.

Little Jimmy Dickens

James Cecil Dickens (December 19, 1920 – January 2, 2015), better known as Little Jimmy Dickens, was an American country music singer. He was famous for his humorous novelty songs, his small size, 4'11" (150 cm), and his rhinestone-studded outfits. 

He started as a member of the Grand Ole Opry in 1948 and became a member of the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1983. 

Dickens was hospitalized after a stroke on December 25, 2014. He died of cardiac arrest on January 2, 2015, at the age of 94.


Arthur A. Neu

Arthur Alan Neu (February 9, 1933 – January 2, 2015) was an American Republican politician and lawyer. He served as the 40th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1973 to 1979.

Neu died at a hospital in Des Moines, Iowa at the age of 81 on January 2, 2015.

Roger Jepsen

Roger William Jepsen (December 23, 1928 – November 13, 2020) was an American politician from the state of Iowa. A Republican, he served in the United States Senate and as Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. He was born in Cedar Falls, Iowa.

Jepsen died on November 13, 2020 in Davenport, Iowa at the age of 91.


Tom Wolf

Thomas Westerman "Tom" Wolf (born November 17, 1948) is an American businessman and politician. He became Governor of Pennsylvania on January 20, 2015. He defeated Republican incumbent Tom Corbett in the 2014 election for governor. He was re-elected in 2018. He left office on January 17, 2023.

Wolf is a Democrat. Before being governor, he was the secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue from April 2007 until November 2008.

On February 24, 2016, Wolf announced that he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer in its early stages.


Muriel Bowser

Muriel Elizabeth Bowser (born August 2, 1972) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. She is serving as the eighth Mayor of the District of Columbia. She succeeded Vincent C. Gray on January 2, 2014.


Bill Walker (politician)

William Martin "Bill" Walker (born April 16, 1951) is an American attorney and politician. He was the 11th Governor of Alaska from December 1, 2014 to December 3, 2018.

Walker ran for re-election in 2018 but three days after the resignation of Lieutenant Governor Byron Mallott, and having low polling numbers, he dropped out of the race on October 19 and supported Democrat Mark Begich.

In August 2021, Walker announced his plans to run for governor again in the 2022 election.

David Ige

David Yutaka Ige (born January 15, 1957) is an American politician. He was the eighth Governor of Hawaii from 2014 to 2022. A Democrat, he previously served in the Hawaii State Senate, representing the 16th district, from 1995 to 2014.


Greg Abbott

Gregory Wayne "Crippled Greg" Abbott (born November 13, 1957) is an American lawyer and Republican politician. He is currently the Governor of Texas. He defeated Wendy Davis in the November 4, 2014 general election. Prior to being governor, he was the 50th Attorney General of Texas.


Power Rangers Wild Force

Power Rangers Wild Force is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2002. It aired from February 3 to November 16 2002 40 episodes. The first half was aired on Fox Kids. After the Disney purchase Of Fox Family, the second half aired on ABC Kids. This was the last Power Rangers to be filmed in the US. Disney moved filming to New Zealand. It is based on the Super Sentai series, "Hyakujuu Sentai Gaoranger". Ironically, Gaoranger celebrated 25 years of Sentai while Wild Force celebrated 10 years of Power Rangers. The show is best known for one of the best Power Rangers specials to date, "Forever Red". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Time Force". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Ninja Storm" started in 2003.

After Cole Evans becomes the new leader of the Wild Force Power Rangers, he strives to fight against the evil forces of the Orgs.




Division of Hindmarsh

The Division of Hindmarsh is an Australian Electoral Division in South Australia. It covers the western suburbs of Adelaide, including Adelaide Airport, Ascot Park, Brooklyn Park, Edwardstown, Fulham, Glenelg, Grange, Henley Beach, Kidman Park, Kurralta Park, Morphettville, Plympton, Richmond, Semaphore Park, Torrensville, West Beach and West Lakes.

It was set up in 1903 and is named after Sir John Hindmarsh, who was Governor of South Australia 1836-38. 


Division of Kingston

The Division of Kingston is an Australian Electoral Division in South Australia. It covers south part of the Adelaide metropolitan area. It includes the suburbs of Aldinga Beach, Christie Downs, Christies Beach, Hackham, Hallett Cove, Huntfield Heights, Lonsdale, Maslin Beach, Moana, Morphett Vale, Old Noarlunga, Onkaparinga Hills, Port Noarlunga, Reynella, Seaford, Sellicks Beach, Sheidow Park, Port Willunga, Trott Park, Woodcroft, and parts of Happy Valley and McLaren Flat.

It was set up in 1949 and is named after Charles Kingston, Premier of South Australia (1893–1899). He was elected to the first House of Representatives in 1901 and the first Federal member of the Division of Adelaide in 1903. 

Notably, every sitting member in the electorate's history has been defeated at an election—none have retired or resigned.


Frans Molenaar

Frans Molenaar (11 May 1940 – 9 January 2015) was a Dutch fashion designer.

He studied to become a tailor in Amsterdam from 1955–1958. After his studies he did an internship with Charles Montaigne in Paris from 1959–1960 and worked for Gerard Pipart at Nina Ricci also in Paris from 1961–1964.

In 1967 he started his own business "Frans Molenaar Couture" and he worked as an "haute couture" designer since. He created the fashion award "Frans Molenaar prijs" in 1995.

Molenaar died from complications following from a fall at the age of 74 in Amsterdam.


German Moreno

German Molina Moreno (4 October 1933 – 8 January 2016), also known as Kuya Germs or the Master Showman, was a Filipino television host, actor, comedian and talent manager. He was most popular during the 1980s. He was known for formerly hosting "GMA Supershow".

Moreno was born in Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines. He died in Quezon City, Philippines from cardiac arrest due to a stroke he had on 7 January 2016.

Abu Anas al-Libi

Nazih Abdul-Hamed Nabih al-Ruqai'i (‎; 30 March or 14 May 1964 – 2 January 2015), better known as Abu Anas al-Libi, was a Libyan al-Qaeda member held as a prisoner in the United States for terrorism offenses. He was wanted for his part in the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Nairobi, Kenya and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. He worked as a computer specialist for the terrorist group. He was captured by the U.S. on 5 October 2013 in Tripoli. Before this event, he was on the FBI's most wanted terrorists list. His trial in the U.S. was to begin on 12 January 2015.

Al-Libi was born in Tripoli. He was married and had four sons.

Al-Libi died from surgery problems on 2 January 2015 in a New York City hospital, aged 50. He had liver disease from hepatitis C as well as liver cancer at the time of his death.

Aydıncık, Mersin

Aydıncık is a district of Mersin Province on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey. It is from Mersin and from Antalya.

Aydıncık has also been called "Celenderis", "Gilindire", Kelenderis (Κελενδερίς in ancient Greek). In 1228 Celenderis castle was captured from the Armenians by the Ottomans. The coast was settled by Turkish peoples. The town's name changed to Gilindere. It continued to be an important port between Anatolia and Cyprus until the beginning of the 20th century. It was renamed Aydıncık in 1965.

Aydıncık is near the Mediterranean Sea. There are a lot of beaches in Aydıncık. There are Yenikaş, Hacıbahattin, Karadere, Karaseki, Teknecik, Yeniyürük, Yeniyürükkaş, Eskiyürük, Pembecik and Duruhan villages in Aydıncık.

The remains of ancient Celenderis are very few. The ruins today are mostly covered over by the expanding modern Aydıncık. Fortifications may still be seen around the modern lighthouse near the harbor. There is a landlocked bay with its famous spring to the west at Soguksu. Here there are ancient ruins There is a bath at the head of the bay. There are also traces of archaeological debris on the peninsula at its mouth.

There is a large Roman Cenotaph with four columns from the 2nd century.

The cave of Gilindere is about an hour's ride along the coast by small boat. It is about and deep. It has attractive stone and crystal formations.

Ulrich Beck

Ulrich Beck (15 May 1944 – 1 January 2015) was a German sociologist and educator. He made the term risk society out of globalization. And made studies on democratic and cosmopolitan society. He was also a professor of sociology at the University of Munich and at the London School of Economics.

Beck was born in the Pomeranian town of Stolp (now Słupsk in Poland). He got his Ph.D. in 1972. He was married to Elisabeth Beck-Gernsheim.

Beck died from a heart attack on 1 January 2015, aged 70.


Mini metro

Mini Metro or Minimetro may refer to:

Hyacinth macaw

The hyacinth macaw ("Anodorhynchus hyacinthinus"), or hyacinthine macaw, is a parrot native to central and eastern South America.

It is longer than any other species of parrot, from the top of its head to the tip of its long pointed tail it is about 100 cm (3.3 ft). It is the largest macaw and the largest flying parrot species.

Habitat loss and trapping wild birds for the pet trade has taken a heavy toll on their population in the wild, and as a result the species is classified as endangered on the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List, and it is protected by its listing on Appendix I of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES).

They eat nuts from native palms. They have large, powerful beaks that can crack nuts and seeds, while their dry, smooth tongues have a bone inside them that makes them effective for tapping into fruits. The acuri nut is so hard that the parrots cannot feed on it until it has passed through the digestive system of cattle. In addition, they eat fruits and other vegetable matter. Their diet includes fruits, nuts, nectar, and various kinds of seeds. They travel for ripe food over a vast area.

This beautiful bird is endangered. In the wild its eggs are eaten by various small mammals, by vultures, and by the toucan. The hyacinth depends on the toucan, which spreads the seeds of the Manduvi tree ("Sterculia apetala") that the macaw needs for reproduction. The tree is just right for the macaw to make its nest, and there are few other places as good. The toucan disperses 83% of the tree's seeds, but also eats 53% of the macaw's eggs.

But by far, humans are the main cause of its problems. The illegal trade in fancy feathers, the pet trade and the destruction of habitat has greatly reduced its numbers.

The Three Little Pigs

"The Three Little Pigs" is a fable/fairy tale featuring three pigs. They each build houses of different materials. A big bad wolf (the villain or bad guy) is able to blow down the first two pigs' houses. The first is made of straw, the second is made of wood. But he is unable to destroy the third pig's house. This is because it is made of bricks. The moral or lesson of the story is to plan ahead. Printed versions of the story date back to the 1840s. But the story may have borrowed parts from older stories. One is "The Wolf and the Seven Young Kids" (). This is a German folktale collected as the fifth tale in Grimms' Fairy Tales in 1812. The phrases used in the story, and the various morals that can be drawn from it, have become a part of Western culture.

Walt Disney made an animated version of the story. It features the song, "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?"


Ajdovščina

Ajdovščina (, ) is a small Slovenian town that is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Ajdovščina (). It is an economic and cultural centre of the Vipava Valley (), southwestern Slovenia, near the border with Italy.

The municipality of Ajdovščina was established on 10 March 1994. Its administrative centre is the town of Ajdovščina.

The municipality has an area , and a population, in 2017, of 19,093: 9,659 men and 9,434 women. Its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The highest point in the municipality is the "Veliki Golak" mountain () in Predmeja near the border with the municipality of Nova Gorica; it is high. The lowest point is on the Vipava river to the south of the village of Batuje – lying at above sea level. The average altitude at the town of Ajdovščina is .

The main river in the municipality or that flows through it is the Vipava. The "Hubelj" river, a right tributary of the Vipava, is a short stream that divides the town of Ajdovščina in two large parts: Ajdovščina itself and Šturje.

The municipality of Ajdovščina is surrounded by the following municipalities: Idrija to the north and east, Postojna to the southeast, Vipava to the south, Komen to the southwest and Nova Gorica to the west.

Mild winters and hot summers are typical of the Vipava Valley. The average (or mean) July temperature in Ajdovščina, is and the average winter temperature is . The average annual rainfall in the Vipava Valley is . The Bora wind is a characteristic wind of the valley which is more common during winter; it is a cold and strong wind.

There are 45 settlements () in the municipality; the main is Ajdovščina, which is the administrative centre of the municipality.

The municipality of Ajdovščina is twinned with:




Statistical regions of Slovenia

The statistical regions of Slovenia (, singular: ) are 12 administrative sub-divisions (NUTS 3 level) created in Slovenia in May 2005 for legal and statistical purposes.

In total there are 12 statistical regions in Slovenia. These 12 statistical regions are grouped in two groups (NUTS-2 level): Eastern Slovenia () and Western Slovenia ()

From 1 January 2015, the name of the Spodnjeposavska statistical region changes to Posavska and the name of Notranjsko-kraška to Primorsko-notranjska.

Heth

Heth (also spelled Khet, Kheth, Chet, Cheth, or Het) is the eighth letter of the Hebrew and Arabic alphabets.

Teth

Teth, (also Tet), is the ninth letter from Masha and the Bear and of the Hebrew alphabet.

Goriška Statistical Region

The Goriška Statistical Region or Gorizia Statistical Region () is a statistical region in western Slovenia, along the border with Italy.

The region was created in 2005 for statistical purposes only. The western Julian Alps, the Soča river and the fertile Vipava Valley are the most recognizable natural geographic characteristics of the region.

Bobby Moynihan

Robert Michael Moynihan Jr. (born January 31, 1977) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian and writer. He was on NBC's "Saturday Night Live" from 2008 to 2017. He also stars as Panda in the 2015 Cartoon Network series "We Bare Bears" and Glitterz in the 2022 Nick Jr. series "Destiny's Side". In August 2016, he married actress Brynn O'Malley. They had their first child in July 2017.

Ratchet &amp; Clank (movie)

Ratchet & Clank is a 3D computer-animated science fiction action comedy movie. It was directed by Jericca Cleland and Kevin Munroe. The movie is based on the platforming video game series of the same name. The movie was originally scheduled to be released in 2015. The movie was released on April 29, 2016.

The movie was produced at Rainmaker Entertainment's Vancouver studio in Canada. It was executive produced by Michael Hefferon, the President of Rainmaker Entertainment.

At the 2014 Electronic Entertainment Expo on June 9, 2014, the first trailer for the movie was revealed during Sony's press conference.



Municipalities of Slovenia

Slovenia is divided into 212 municipalities (, singular: ), of which 11 (in bold) are cities ("cities municipalities").

Slovene is an official language of all the municipalities. Hungarian is a second official language of 3 municipalities in the Prekmurje region: Dobrovnik/Dobronak, Hodoš/Hodos and Lendava/Lendva. Italian is a second official language of 4 municipalities (of which one has urban status) in the Slovene Littoral region: Ankaran/Ancarano, Izola/Isola, Koper/Capodistria and Piran/Pirano.

The largest municipality in area is Kočevje with and the smallest is Odranci with only . The municipality with the highest population is Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia, and the one with the lowest population is Hodoš with only 382 people living there.

The Slovene names have the word "Občina" in front, e.g. "Občina Bled". As an English name, the Statistical Office of Slovenia uses a word by word transformation, e.g. "Municipality Bled".

Lateralization of brain function

The human brain has two halves, called the left and right hemispheres. These two halves of the brain are not exactly alike. For most tasks, both sides of the brain work together. But each side of the brain specializes in some things and works harder on those things than the other side. The term brain lateralization, or lateralization of brain function, means that the different halves do things differently.

A deep groove called the longitudinal fissure separates the brain into its two hemispheres (halves). The two hemispheres are connected by the corpus callosum, a bundle of nerve fibers. The corpus callous allows the right and left hemispheres to communicate with each other, and to work together.

Both the left and right hemispheres look and work in similar ways. The large parts of both hemispheres are exactly the same on both sides. But in the smaller parts, there are some differences. 

Sometimes, the brain is different for left-handed and right-handed people. For example, there are two areas in the brain that are very important for speech: Broca's area and Wernicke's area. These two areas are in the left hemisphere for about 95% of right-handed people, but only about 70% of left-handed people.

Popular articles on psychology often say that each side of the brain does things that the other does not. For example, a common mistake is the idea that the left side of the brain does all of a person's "logical thinking" (like solving math problems), while the right brain does all the "creative thinking" (like painting or drawing). It is often said that a person who is creative is "right-brained," while a person who is more logical or "book-smart" is "left-brained." 

The truth is that both hemispheres work together on both logical and creative thinking. However, even though the two hemispheres work together, there is some hemispheric specialisation. Usually, the right side of the brain dominates the functions to do with creativity, spatial awareness, appreciation of music etc. whereas the left side of the brain dominates analytical, language-based and logical functions.

Both hemispheres work together to do most things. However, for certain tasks, one hemisphere may be more "dominant" than the other. For example, in about 95% of right-handed people, the left hemisphere is dominant when it comes to language. For these people, their language abilities are controlled mostly by the left hemisphere. The right hemisphere helps too, but not as much as the left hemisphere.

Specifically, important parts of language like grammar and vocabulary are usually "lateralized" to the left hemisphere. This means that most thinking about grammar and vocabulary happens in the left half of the brain. This is especially true in right-handed people.

Not all parts of language are controlled mostly by the left hemisphere. Other important parts of language, like intonation (how words are said) and accentuation (which words in a sentence are stressed), are often lateralized to the right hemisphere.

Language production writing or speaking – is an example of how lateralization can be different for right-handed and left-handed people. Language production is lateralized to the left hemisphere in about 90% of right-handed people. But in about half of left-handed people, language production is controlled by both hemispheres, or mostly by the right hemisphere. 


Sometimes, people have brain injuries that hurt or destroy part of the brain. With very bad injuries, an entire hemisphere may be destroyed. Sometimes that hemisphere's jobs can be done by part of the other hemisphere. However, this is not always possible. It depends on the area that was damaged and the patient's age. 

Sometimes, a brain injury damages pathways that carry information from one area to another. In some people, the brain can create other, less direct pathways (like detours). These new 'detours' may help the brain continue to carry information between the areas that were separated by the brain injury.


Infrared telescope

An infrared telescope is a telescope that detects infrared radiation (heat energy). All objects in the universe that have a temperature above absolute zero give off some form of electromagnetic radiation. Infrared light is one of several types of radiation present in the electromagnetic spectrum.

Astronomers use several different types of telescopes to detect different types of emitted radiation in the electromagnetic spectrum. Some of these are gamma ray, x-ray, ultra-violet, regular visible light (optical), as well as infrared telescopes. 

Ground-based infrared telescopes are affected by Earth's atmosphere. They work best in the shorter part of the infrared, a micrometer or two. An infrared telescope in outer space such as the James Webb Space Telescope or above the clouds (water vapor) can see more help, especially for longer wavelengths (several micrometers) which cooler objects emit. Examples would be asteroids and interstellar clouds. 

Delta Machine

Delta Machine is the thirteenth studio album by Depeche Mode. The album was released on March 26, 2013. It was first studio album of new material in 4 years It was first studio album with label Sony Music Entertainment the label Columbia Records. 

Løjenkær

Løjenkær is a village and civil parish of the municipality of Århus.

The infamous physician Carl Værnet was born here.

Longitudinal fissure

In vertebrates, the longitudinal fissure separates the cerebrum into two parts. The fissure is sometimes also called 'longitudinal cerebral fissure', 'great longitudinal fissure' or 'interhemispheric longitudinal fissure'. The two parts are often called cerebral hemispheres. The cerebrum is the largest part of the human brain. 

A bundle of nerve fibres called the corpus calllosum connects the left and right hemispheres. A tough membrane called falx cerebri covers the fissure. 

Jack Fellure

Lowell Jackson "Jack" Fellure (born October 3, 1931) is an American perennial political candidate and retired engineer. 

He was the presidential nominee of the Prohibition Party for the 2012 presidential election. He also tried to run for president in 2016 as a Repubican.


Cambridge, Ohio

Cambridge is a city in and the county seat of Guernsey County, Ohio, United States. It lies in southeastern Ohio, in the Appalachian Plateau of the Appalachian Mountains. The population was 10,089 at the 2020 census.


John Conyers

John James Conyers, Jr. (May 16, 1929 – October 27, 2019) was an American politician. He served as the U.S. Representative for Michigan's 13th district, serving in Congress from 1965 (the district was numbered as the 1st District until 1993, and as the 14th district from 1993 to 2013) until his resignation in 2017. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Conyers, was its longest-serving member, and was the Dean of the House of Representatives. He was also the longest-serving member of the entire United States Congress.

In November 2017, Conyers was accused of sexual harassment and for paying off the accuser. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called on Conyers to resign. On December 5, 2017, Conyers resigned his seat in the US House of Representatives because of his mounting sexual scandals.

Conyers died in his sleep at his Detroit home on October 27, 2019 at the age of 90.


Highland Park, Michigan

Highland Park is a city in Wayne County in the State of Michigan. The population was 8,977 at the 2020 census. 

Basil Hansen

Basil Hansen (7 October 1926 – 2 January 2015) was an Australian ice hockey player. He played from 1946 until 1963. He was a member of the Australian national team during the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley, California, United States. He played for the Monarchs his entire career and even coarched the team for two years after his retirement.

Hansen was born in Melbourne, Victoria. His son, Greg, also became an ice hockey player.

Hansen died on 2 January 2015 at the age of 88.

Bovec

Bovec (, ) is a small Slovenian town in the Julian Alps that is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Bovec ().

The municipality of Bovec was established on 10 March 1994. Before that date, Bovec was part of the municipality of Tolmin.

The municipality of Bovec is part of the Goriška statistical region. It is in the northwest part of the country, on the border with Italy and is at about away from Austria. Part of the municipality is in the Triglav National Park.

The town of Bovec is at an altitude of , on the edge of the Bovec valley, a broad and flat valley where the small "Koritnica" river joins the Soča river.

The municipality has an area , and a population, in 2017, of 3,082: 1,512 men and 1,570 women. Its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The municipality of Bovec is surrounded by the following municipalities: Tarvisio (Italy) to the north, Kranjska Gora to the northeast, Bohinj to the southeast, Kobarid to the south, Chiusaforte (Italy) to the west.

Mild winters and warm summers are typical of the Bovec Valley. The mean annual temperature in the Bovec municipality is ; the mean summer temperature (July, August) is and the mean winter temperature (December, January) is . The average annual precipitation in the Bovec Valley is around . The Kanin mountains have the highest precipitation in Slovenia, mostly in the form of snow between November and March.

There are 13 settlements () in the municipality; the main is Bovec, which is the administrative centre of the municipality.



Cerkno

Cerkno (, ) is a small Slovenian town that is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Cerkno (). It is an economic and cultural centre of the Cerkno Hills () region.

The municipality of Cerkno was established on 10 March 1994. Its administrative centre is the town of Cerkno and is well known for its ski resort.

The municipality of Cerkno is in western Slovenia and is part of the Goriška statistical region. The town of Cerkno is at an altitude of ,

The municipality has an area , and a population, in 2017, of 4,602: 2,352 men and 2,250 women. Its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The municipality of Cerkno is surrounded by the following municipalities: Železniki to the northeast, Gorenja vas-Poljanej to the east, Idrija to the south, Tolmin to the west and northwest.

The main river in the municipality is the Idrijca river. The "Cerknica" is a small river, tributary of the Idrijca, that flows through the town of Cerkno.

Historically, the Cerkno Hills region was part of the Tolmin County. In the 16th century, the area came under the rule of the House of Habsburg. After the end of World War I, the area was occupied by the Italian Army, and then officially annexed to Italy in 1920.
There are 30 settlements () in the municipality; the main is Cerkno, which is the administrative centre of the municipality.

Cerkno is well known for the "Laufarija" carnival, a festival during spring with carved wooden masks, and also by the "Franja Partisan Hospital" (), a hospital from World War II, that is to northeast of the town of Cerkno and to the west of Dolenji Novaki.



Idrija

Idrija (, ) is a small Slovenian town that is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Idrija (). It is known for its mercury mine and the production of lace.

The municipality of Idrija was established on 10 March 1994. In 2011, Idrija was given the Alpine Town of the Year award.

The municipality of Idrija is in western Slovenia and is part of the Goriška statistical region. The town of Idrija is at an altitude of ,

The municipality has an area , and a population, in 2017, of 11,800: 5,920 men and 5,880 women. Its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The municipality of Idrija is surrounded by the following municipalities: Cerkno to the north, Žiri to the northeast, Logatec to the east and southeast, Ajdovščina to the south and soutwest, Nova Gorica (a short border) to the west and Tolmin to the northwest.

The main river in the municipality is the Idrijca river, that flows through the town of Idrija; the river gives its name to the main town of the municipality, Idrija.

The area has a moderately continental climate; the average rainfall is . The least precipitation is in February and July, and the highest is in November.

In 1497, deposits of mercury were discovered in Idrija. This is one of the only places in the world where one can find mercury in both its liquid form and like cinnabar (mercuric sulfide). It was only in the 1980s that the mine was closed.

From 1783 to 1918 the region of Idrija was part of Austria-Hungary. After World War II, it was annexed to Italy. Under Italian rule (1918–1943), the area that is now the Municipality of Idrija was a "comune" of the Province of Gorizia (as "Idria").

The town is since June 2012 listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site (Heritage of Mercury. Almadén and Idrija) because of its former mercury mines.

There are 38 settlements () in the municipality; the main settlement is Idrija, which is the administrative centre of the municipality and is in a valley around the Idrijca river.

Some tourist places in and around Idrija are:

Idrija is twinned with:




Traumatic brain injury

A traumatic brain injury (TBI), also known as an intracranial injury, is an injury to the brain caused by an external force. 

Head injury is a broader category that may involve damage to other structures such as the scalp and skull. TBI can result in physical, cognitive, social, emotional and behavioral symptoms, and outcomes can range from complete recovery to permanent disability or death.

This could be caused from falls, crashes or in sport.

Joshua Nkomo

Joshua Mqabuko Nyongolo Nkomo (19 June 1917 – 1 July 1999) was the leader and founder of the Zimbabwe African People's Union (ZAPU) and a member of the Ndebele (Kalanga) tribe.

Nkomo was jailed for ten years by Rhodesia's white minority government. After his release, ZAPU contributed to the fall of that government. Then they fought with a rival group led by Robert Mugabe. Mugabe became President of Zimbabwe. Nkomo was not trusted and eventually fled the country.

In 1999 Nkomo was declared a National Hero. He is buried in the National Heroes Acre in Harare.

On 27 June 2000, a set of four postage stamps were issued with Nkomo's image.



Naval fleet

A naval fleet is usually a permanent formation and is generally assigned to a particular ocean or sea. Many fleets are named after the particular ocean or sea to which they are assigned. Since 1942, the US Navy uses numbers to identify its fleets. 

A fleet is normally commanded by an admiral. Usually, his rank is Admiral of the Fleet. Some fleets have been or are commanded by Vice-Admirals or even Rear-Admirals. Most fleets are divided into several squadrons, each of which is commanded by a subordinate admiral. Those squadrons in turn are often divided into divisions.

During the age of sail, fleets were divided into van, centre and rear squadrons. They were named after each squadron’s place in the line of battle. In more modern times, the squadrons are typically composed of groups of the same class of warships. Examples would be frigates or destroyers. 

Since many smaller navies contain only one fleet, the term "the fleet" usually means "the navy".

Focus (2015 movie)

Focus is a 2015 American romantic crime-drama movie. This movie is about a con-man drawing a young attractive woman into his romantic circle. Will Smith plays Nicky. Margot Robbie plays Jess.

Focus is set in New Orleans and Buenos Aires.

The movie was released on February 27, 2015.

GMC Acadia

GMC Acadia is a full-sized crossover vehicle. It is manufactured by GMC. It went on sale beginning in December 2006. It seats seven or eight passengers, depending on the model. The GMC Acadia replaces four vehicles the Envoy SUV and its XL package, the Isuzu Asscender SUV and the Pontiac Montana SV6 minivan.

The GMC Acadia was improved in 2012 for the 2013 model year. The second generation Acadia uses the body shell of GM's discontinued Saturn Outlook.

Stuart Scott

Stuart Orlando Scott (July 19, 1965 – January 4, 2015) was an American sportscaster and anchor on ESPN, most notably on the network's "SportsCenter". He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Scott died in Avon, Connecticut from appendix cancer aged 49. 


René Vautier

René Vautier (15 January 1928 – 4 January 2015) was a French movie director. His movies were about many issues, such as the Algerian War, French colonialism in Africa, pollution, racism, women's rights, and apartheid in South Africa. His best known works were "Afrique 50" and "Avoir 20 ans dans les Aurès".

Edmund Wnuk-Lipiński

Edmund Wnuk-Lipiński (4 May 1944 – 4 January 2015) was a Polish professor of sociology. He was the founder and first head of the Polish Academy of Sciences Institute of Political Studies, Rector of Collegium Civitas in Warsaw. 

He was a Fellow at the Institute of Human Sciences in Vienna, the University of Notre Dame, and Wissenschaftskolleg in Berlin. He is a member of the Polish National Council for Civil Service and the National Council for European Integration.

Wnuk-Lipiński was born in Sucha. He was the author of a social fiction dystopia trilogy, "Apostezjon" ("Wir pamieci", "Rozpad polowiczny", "Mord zalozycielski"). He was the winner of Janusz A. Zajdel Award in 1988 for "Rozpad polowiczny".

Wnuk-Lipiński died in Warsaw, Poland, aged 60.

Hank Peters

Henry J. "Hank" Peters (September 16, 1924 – January 4, 2015) was an American baseball executive. He was known for being the general manager of the Baltimore Orioles and to the Kansas City Athletics. Peters was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Peters died from complications from a stroke in Boca Raton, Florida, aged 90.

Division of Makin

The Division of Makin is an electoral division for the Australian House of Representatives. It covers the northeastern suburbs of Adelaide, including Banksia Park, Fairview Park, Golden Grove, Greenwith, Gulfview Heights, Ingle Farm, Mawson Lakes, Modbury, Para Hills, Para Vista, Pooraka, Redwood Park, Ridgehaven, Salisbury East, Salisbury Heights, St Agnes, Surrey Downs, Tea Tree Gully, Valley View, Vista, Walkley Heights, Wynn Vale, Yatala Vale, and parts of Gepps Cross and Hope Valley.

It was set up in 1984 and named after Norman Makin, a former member of Parliament, Speaker and diplomat.



Derek Minter

Derek Minter (27 April 1932 – 3 January 2015) was a British Grand Prix motorcycle and short-circuit road racer. He rode professionally from 1955 and 1967. In 1958, he in fifth place in the 500cc world championship. In 1960, Minter won the North West 200 race in Northern Ireland. In 1962, he won the Isle of Man 250cc Lightweight TT.

Minter was born in Kent. He was an electrician before becoming a racer.

Minter died on 3 January 2015 at the age of 82.

Olga Knyazeva

Olga Knyazeva (; 9 August 1954 – 3 January 2015) was a Soviet fencer from Kazan. She won a gold medal in the women's team foil event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

Knyazeva died on 3 January 2015 in Kazan, aged 60.


Ford Edge

The Ford Edge is a mid-size crossover vehicle. It comes in different models. It was first seen in 2006 as a 2007 model year car.

The outside of this vehicle has been changed several times over the years.

Star Wars: The Clone Wars (movie)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars is a 2008 feature length computer animated science fiction movie. It has the same title as the by Lucasfilm and Lucasfilm Animation and released by 20th Century Fox. The movie takes place as the start of the television series. It was released in August 2008.
The movie takes place three months after the battle of Geonosis and outbreak of the Clone Wars. Anakin Skywalker must take on a Padawan called "Ahsoka Tano". They must save the hulett from the "Confederacy Systems of Independence" with his master Obi-Wan Kenobi. 

Högalid Church

The Högalid Church () is a protected church building. It is located at the district of Södermalm in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was designed by architect Ivar Tengbom. It was built upon elevated ground between 1916–1923. The area it was built on was originally barren. Later, the area was turned into a park, The church is one of the more prominent buildings in town. It Complements the contemporary Stockholm City Hall on the opposite side of Riddarfjärden. The church is considered being one of Sweden's foremost examples of the National Romantic architectural style.

Gustaf Vasa Church

Gustaf Vasa Church () is a church building in the Vasastaden district in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The church was inaugurated in 1906. It is named after 16th century King Gustav I of Sweden. The church was designed in the Baroque Revival style by architect Agi Lindegren. The church is located between two busy avenues partially lined with trees. The dome of the church rises above the nearby Odenplan plaza. The floor plan is in the shape of a Greek cross. The church seats 1,500 people. The seating capacity makes it one of the larger churches in Stockholm.


Engelbrekt Church

The Engelbrekt Church () is a protected church building. It is located at Lärkstaden in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The church was designed in the National Romantic style by architect Lars Israel Wahlman. In 1914, it was completed. It has 1,400 seats. The seating capacity makes it one of the larger churches in Stockholm.

The church was named after 15th century rebel Engelbrekt Engelbrektsson. The naming followed the spirit of romantic nationalism. The church built atop a hill in the years 1910–1914, after an design competition held in 1906. Most of the rock where the church stands was left mostly intact. That was in accordance to the urban planning ideals at the time. It gave the church a naturally elevated position in town. 

The building has some features common to Byzantine architecture. It has a cruciform architectural plan with a high nave, The nave is the highest in Scandinavia. The church has been internationally appreciated in architectural circles. The church has not underwent any major changes since its inauguration. The church is regarded as a paragon of the Swedish Art Nouveau era and of the National Romantic style.


St. Matthew's Church, Stockholm

Saint Matthew's Church () is a protected church building. It is located in the Vasastaden district in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The building was originally intended to be a chapel in the Adolf Fredrik Parish. The church was designed by Erik Lallerstedt. It was built at an intersection in Vasastaden between 1901-1903.

The large hall at ground floor was originally meant to be used for various charity-activities. This was thought because the chapel was located in a poorer neighbourhood at the time. The church building is in many ways reminiscent of the Methodist church Saint Peter's Church at Norrmalm. The Saint Peters Church was also designed by Erik Lallerstedt in 1899. The Saint Matthew's Church underwent some changes between 1907–1908 under guidance of the original architect. The changes occurred when the parish was split and the chapel became a parish church.

Oscar Fredrik Church

Oscar Fredrik Church () is a church building in Olivedal in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Gothenburg Oscar Fredrik Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on Easter Sunday 1893.

Örgryte New Church

The Örgryte New Church () is a church building in Örgryte in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Örgryte Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on 6 July 1890.

Örgryte Old Church

The Örgryte Old Church () is a church building in Örgryte in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Örgryte Parish of the Church of Sweden. A church at the present site of the Örgryte Old Church has been around since the 13th century.

Örgryte Church

Örgryte Church () may refer to:


Gränna Church

Gränna Church () is a church building in Gränna in Sweden. It belongs to the Gränna Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on 15 September 1895. It replaced an older church destroyed by an 1889 fire.

SVT's Luciamorgon in December 2019 was celebrated inside the church.

Olaus Petri Church

Olaus Petri Church () is a church building in the town of Örebro in Sweden. It belongs to the Örebro Olaus Petri Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened on Fourth Advent Sunday 1912.

Oscar's Church

The Oscar Church () a church building in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It is a three-aisled hall church. It holds 1,250 people. In the southwestern part of the church building is a tower. The church was inaugurated in September 1903. It was build following a design competition nine years earlier. Gustaf Hermansson won the competition. He also designed the Sofia Church. The church is located in the southeastern part of Östermalm. It is placed where Storgatan and Narvavägen meet near the Swedish History Museum. Together with nearby Strandvägen Narvavägen is one of the Stockholm's main boulevards. The road is lined with several residential palaces. The church is also visible from Narvavägen.

The church was named after king Oscar II of Sweden. Oscar II himself laid the foundation stone 1897. Construction work was delayed several times because of problems with the foundation and non-deliveries as well as labour strikes. This led to the church not being consecrated until 1903. The church was originally meant to be partly clad in brick. This was changed to a uniformly white façade, clad in limestone and marble. Construction was criticised from the start for its Gothic Revival. 

The church underwent several renovations during the 20th century. Between 1921–1923 major changes were done to the interior. During those years new stained glass windows designed by Emanuel Vigeland were added. The work was led under the direction of architect Lars Israel Wahlman. He had previously designed the Engelbrekt Church. Between 1954–1956 additional changes were made to the church interior. During those years the altarpiece was changed and some ornamental ceiling decorations were removed.

Gongchen Tower

Gongchen Tower was a historical monument located in the ancient city of Weishan in the Chinese province of Yunnan. The Gongchen tower was a city gate tower. It was built in 1390 during the Ming Dynasty. Built in wood, on January 3, 2015 the tower was burnt completely.

Noel Cobb

Noel Cobb (21 March 1938 – 2 January 2015) was an American-born British philosopher, psychologist, and author. He has published mostly books of poetry and non-fiction. He founded a charitable trust The London Convivium for Archetypal Studies. He is the author of "Prospero's Island: The Secret Alchemy at the Heart of The Tempest". He also worked with R. D. Laing.

Cobb was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He studied in Oslo, Norway from 1959 to 1966. He also studied the Tibetan language, Buddhism, therapy, and meditation in Nepal and India.

Cobb died on 2 January 2015 at the age of 75.


Power Rangers Ninja Storm

Power Rangers Ninja Storm is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2003. It debuted on ABC Kids. It aired from February 8 to November 22, 2003, 40 episodes. This was the first season filmed in New Zealand. It was the first season made entirely by Disney. It was the first season to have Australian and New Zealand actors (speaking in American accent). It is based on the Super Sentai series "Ninpuu Sentai Hurricaneger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Wild Force". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Dino Thunder" started in 2004.

Three rebellious students are the last ones remaining at their ninja academy after evil aliens attack the Earth. With mankind at the brink of destruction, the fate of the world lies in their hands.





Hubertus Ernst

Hubertus Cornelis Antonius "Huub" Ernst (8 April 1917 in Breda – 19 May 2017 in Breda) was a Dutch prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. During his life he was one of the oldest Roman Catholic bishops and one of oldest Dutch bishops. He was also a peace activist.

Ernst died at his home in Breda, Netherlands on 19 May 2017 at the age of 100.


Bolesław Pylak

Bolesław Pylak (20 August 1921 – 6 June 2019) was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death in 2019, he was oldest living Roman Catholic bishop in Poland. Pylak was born in Łopiennik Górny, Poland. 

He was ordained a priest on 29 June 1948 from Archdiocese of Lublin. He was appointed archbishop of the Archdiocese of Lublin on 27 June 1975 and served in that capacity until his retirement on 14 June 1997.


Yaeyama Islands

The Yaeyama Islands (八重山諸島 "Yaeyama-shotō", also 八重山列島 "Yaeyama-rettō", Yaeyama: "Yaima" Okinawan: "Eema") are an archipelago or group of islands in the southwest of Okinawa Prefecture, Japan. They cover . The islands are southwest of the Miyako Islands. They are part of the Ryukyu Islands archipelago. The Yaeyama Islands are the remotest part of Japan from the main islands. They contain Japan's most southern (Hateruma) and most western (Yonaguni) inhabited islands. The city of Ishigaki serves as the political, cultural, and economic head of the Yaeyama Islands.

The Yaeyama Islands have numerous species of subtropical plants and mangrove forests. The islands produce sugarcane and pineapples. Coral reefs around the islands are ideal habitats for dolphins, sea turtles, and larger fish such as Manta rays and Whale sharks. Before being wiped out by humans, whales and Dugongs were common. Yaeyama once had the largest population of Dugongs in the Ryukyu Islands. On Aragusuku Island, there is a "Utaki" which has laid to rest Dugongs with their skulls. Non-residents are not allowed to enter unless they get an okay from the locals. It is said that any aliens without permission will be driven out by force.

The islands form the southern part of the volcanic Ryukyu Islands. The administrative division of Yaeyama District covers all of the Yaeyama Islands, except Ishigaki and the disputed Senkaku Islands.


The native people of the Yaeyama Islands are the Yaeyama and Yonaguni peoples, both of whom are subgroups of a larger Ryukyuan ethnicity.

The Yaeyama language is the native language of the entire Yaeyama island chain, with the exception of Yonaguni, which is home to the Yonaguni language instead.

Because Japan suppressed both the Yaeyama and Yonaguni languages in the past, they are endangered, meaning there aren’t a lot of speakers left. The younger generation mainly speaks Japanese instead.

14 July: "Mushaama" Festival. On Hateruma Island, this harvest festival is celebrated during "Obon". It features a parade of the local fertility god "Miruku" and his children (the local children), "shishi" ("lion") dances, and staff dances.

The undersea Yonaguni monument is on the island of Yonaguni. The Yaeyama Islands are home to the production of traditional Yaeyaman textiles.



St. John's Church, Stockholm

Saint John's Church () is a church building in Norrmalm in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The church was designed Carl Möller in the Gothic Revival style. It was completed in 1890.

St. John's Church

Saint John's Church may refer to:


St. John's Church, Malmö

Saint John's Church () is a church building near the Triangeln railway station in the Innerstaden district in the of Malmö in Sweden. The church was designed by Axel Anderberg in the Jugend style. It was built between 1903-1907.

Finnish Church, Stockholm

The Finnish Church (, ) is a church building in Gamla stan in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It belongs to the Stockholm Finnish Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened in 1725. It is located in what once was Lilla Bollhuset before it was rebuilt into a church.

Frida Appelgren

Frida Erika Appelgren, earlier married "Muranius", born 5 April 1981 in Malmö, Sweden, is a Swedish music artist. She scored a mid-2007 hit with the song "Dunka mig gul och blå". 

Together with Headline she participated at Melodifestivalen 2008 with the song "Upp o hoppa". The song ended up 10th in the finals.


Cen (surname)

Cen is a Chinese surname. It is a romanization of . Cen is listed 67th in the Song dynasty classic text "Hundred Family Surnames". As of 2008, it is the 235th most common surname in China. There are 340,000 people with this surname.

The surname Cen was first used during the Zhou Dynasty. Ji Qu, Ji Chang's nephew, was the first to use it. He used it because he controlled the area Cen Ting in Shanxi province. In honor of him, his children changed their name to Cen and posthumously named him Cen Zi. In 1368 Cen Tianbao surrendered to the first Emperor of the Ming Dynasty, Zhu Yuanzhang. He was then made prefect of Tianzhou. His descendants were prefects of Zhen'an and sub-prefects of Guishun. Among the chieftains of the Guangdong and Guangxi provinces, some of the most important were of the Cen surname. In the 15th and 16th centuries many were strong allies of the Ming Dynasty. During the Republic of China control of Mainland China, Cen Chunxuan became president of the military government of Guangzhou. 


Washington, Tyne and Wear

Washington is a new town in Sunderland, in the northeast of England. Historically it was part of County Durham. It joined a new county in 1974 with the creation of Tyne and Wear. Washington is an equal distance from the centres of Newcastle upon Tyne, Durham and Sunderland, and it has close ties to all three cities. It was named a new town in 1964. At the 2011 census, the town had a population of 67,085. 

Sometime before 1183, William de Hertburn acquired the manor of Washington Old Hall. De Hertburn changed his name to de Washington. George Washington, first President of the United States is a direct descendant of William de Hertburn.

Dalvik Church

The Dalvik Church () is a church building at Dalvik in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It is a Swedish Evangelical Mission church. It belongs to the Jönköping Sofia-Järstorp Parish of the Swedish Evangelical Mission. It was inaugurated on 8 February 1969 and expanded in 1985.

Bymarken Church

The Bymarken Church () is a church building at Bymarken in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Jönköping Sofia-Järstorp Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened in 1935.

Barnarp

Barnarp is a village in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2005, 724 people lived there.


Barnarp Church

Barnarp Church () is a church building in Barnarp it Sweden. It belongs to the Barnarp Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church is dated back to 13th century. It is supposed to have replaced an older wooden church.

Miyako Islands

The are a group of islands that are in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan, east of the Yaeyama Islands. They are between the Ryukyu Islands and Taiwan.

Miyako Island has 55,914 people. A bridge connects Miyako Island to Ikema Island. Ikema Island has 801 people. Tarama village has 1,214 people. It is between the islands of Minna and Tarama. 

The native people of the Miyako Islands are the Miyako people, who are a subgroup of a larger Ryukyuan ethnicity. 

The languages spoken on the islands include the native Miyako language and Japanese. Because Japan suppressed the Miyako language in the past, the younger generation mostly speaks Japanese instead. 


Bottnaryd Church

Bottnaryd Church () is a wooden church building in Bottnaryd in Sweden. It belongs to the Norra Mo Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was built in the late 17th century. It replaced a Medieval church demolished on 16 May 1666.

Ölmstad Church

Ölmstad Church () is a church building in Ölmstad in Sweden. It belogns to the Skärstad-Ölmstad Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church is supposed to be dated back to 12th century.

Tumby Bay, South Australia

Tumby Bay is a coastal town on the Spencer Gulf, on the eastern coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia. It is north of Port Lincoln. The town of Tumby Bay is the major population centre of the District Council of Tumby Bay. It is the centre of an agricultural district farming cereal crops and sheep. It also has fishing and tourism industries.

The bay was first explored and given the name "Tumby Bay" by Captain Matthew Flinders in 1802. It was named after a parish in Lincolnshire, England. In 1840 Governor Gawler renamed the bay "Harvey('s) Bay" after one other district's early settlers. Then on 15 November 1900 the town of "Tumby" was proclaimed by Governor Tennyson, and the name of the bay was changed to "Tumby Bay". On 14 June 1984 the town officially became known as "Tumby Bay".

The earliest European settlers to the district arrived in the 1840s. They farmed the area with wheat and sheep mostly. The town soon grew into an important grain storage and loading point. A jetty was built in 1874. It was the second jetty built on the Eyre Peninsula. This provided a much needed outlet for the copper ore which was coming from the Burrowing Mine. The original jetty was taken down in 1999 due to safety concerns. The newer jetty is still in use.
The town's first school was opened in 1881 as 'Tumby'. The district's first hospital opened in 1913.

Tumby Bay hosted the popular event Triple J's One Night Stand on 2 April 2011. It featured the bands Birds of Tokyo, Art vs. Science, The Jezabels, and local "Unearthed" musician Joshy Willo . The town's population swelled from 1000 to over 12,000 for the event.

Tumby Bay lies on the large, sheltered bay of the same name on the western side of Spencer Gulf. Most of the land around Tumby Bay is used for agriculture. The coast has white sandy beaches. The town is centered on the beaches. The town has towering cliffs to the south. 

Tumby Island is the only island in the bay. but further offshore is the Sir Joseph Banks Group. It a small archipelago that can be reached by boat from Tumby Bay.

Tumby Bay has a Mediterranean climate. There are warm to hot summers and slightly wet winters.

Since it was first settled, Tumby Bay has predominantly been an agriculturally driven town, with cereal crops, sheep and beef commonly farmed. As with many towns on the Eyre Peninsula, Tumby Bay also has a well-established professional fishing industry.

Tumby Bay is popular for holidays during the summer months. People come for the fishing, including King George Whiting and Snapper. Fishing can be enjoyed from the town jetty, the beaches and rock areas, or from a boat. In 2001, a marina was built. It allows all weather boat launching for a range of boat sizes. It opens up new real estate options. 

The safe calm waters and the white sand of the bay offer a variety of water sports. They include swimming, snorkelling, scuba diving, and water skiing. The town has a caravan park. There are also hotels and apartments which have places for tourists to stay. 

Tumby Bay had a town population of 1228 in the 2001 census. The majority are Australian born. Of those that immigrated (about 100 people), most are from the United Kingdom. Others coming from several European countries, the U.S., and New Zealand. There are a number of churches in the town. They include Anglican, Uniting and Lutheran Churches.

There are many sporting groups in the town. They include football, cricket, netball, basketball, tennis, bowls and golf clubs. Most of the clubs competing in local leagues.

The Tumby Bay Area School provides education for all students through to Year 12. A public library is located on the school grounds. A hospital is also in place to serve the health needs of the town.

Tumby Bay is in the District Council of Tumby Bay local government area. The current mayor is Laurie Collins. The town is also incorporated in the South Australian House of Assembly electoral district of Flinders and the Australian House of Representatives Division of Grey.

Tumby Bay is normally reached by private car via the Port Lincoln Highway that runs along the coastline of the Eyre Peninsula. The town does have an sealed airfield. It is not used for private flights. It is used for the Flying Doctor and crop spraying aircraft.

The town is serviced daily by Premier Stateliner coaches.

Land has been purchased north east of Tumby Bay for the purposes of developing a bulk commodities export port. The site has been referred to as Sheep Hill. The project now is called Port Spencer. Centrex Metals Ltd is the project proponent. The site is immediately north of Lipson Cove. The proposed port (if approved) will be capable of loading Capesize ships (either directly or by transshipment) for export of iron ore and potentially, grain.

Örserum Church

Örserum Church () is a church building in Örserum, Sweden. It belongs to the Gränna Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was completed in 1937.

Walter Ulbricht

Walter Ernst Paul Ulbricht (30 June 18931 August 1973) was a German communist politician. He was appointed leader of the East Germany aka the German Democratic Republic in 1950 by Joseph Stalin and was leader until 1971 just 18 year’s after Stalin’s Death in 1953 . Walter Ulbricht worked for Joseph Stalin (leader 1924-1953) Nikita Khrushchev (leader 1953/1955-1964) and Leonid Brezhnev (leader 1964-1982) from 1950-1971 . In 1961 he was leader when the Berlin Wall was built just 16 year’s after the Battle of Berlin in 1945 .

Ulbricht played a leading role in the creation of the Weimar-era Communist Party of Germany (KPD). He was a member of both the Landtag of Saxony and the Reichstag during the Weimar Republic.

Some time after Hitler's rise to power Ulbricht fled to France and later to the Soviet Union. As leader of the communist Ulbricht Group he returned to Berlin on April 30, 1945. He was the first secretary of the Socialist Unity Party (SED), and leading East Germany from 1950 to 1971. From President Wilhelm Pieck's death in 1960, he was also the East German head of state until his own death in 1973.

Besides being a sports fanatic, Ulbricht considered himself an expert on architecture and urban planning, and was therefore responsible for the destruction of several ancient buildings in East Germany.

He was also involved in intellectual activities by writing a series of books about the history of the German labor movement.


Gräshagen Church

The Gräshagen Church () is a church building at Gräshagen in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Jönköping Sofia-Järstorp Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on 1 December 1962.

Forserum

Forserum is a locality in Nässjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,039 people lived there.

Öggestorp Church

Öggestorp Church () is a church building in Öggestorp, Sweden. It belongs to the Rogberga-Öggestorp Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on 18 August 1883. It replaced replacing the old church. The older church was demolished in 1882.

Holmsund

Holmsund is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,489 people lived there. The locality is 18 kilometers south of the town of Umeå. Holmsund serves as a port for Umeå.

Obbola

Obbola is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,197 people lived there. The locality is located close to the town of Holmsund, and to the west of the mouth of Ume River at the Gulf of Bothnia. SCA is a major employer in the locality.

Röbäck

Röbäck is a town in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,230 people lived there.

Klockrike

Klockrike is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 272 people lived there.

Tjällmo

Tjällmo is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 557 people lived there.

Borensberg

Borensberg is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,886 people lived there.

Silly Symphony

Silly Symphony (also known as "Silly Symphonies") was a series of animated short films produced by Walt Disney Productions from 1929 to 1939. 

After the films changed to sound, Walt Disney began making Mickey Mouse and musical "Silly Symphony" shorts. To keep costs down Disney produced his own music. Disney's first music director and composer was Carl Stalling. The Mickey Mouse shorts used pop music while the Silly Symphony cartoons used Classical music. In 1932 the studio produced its first cartoon in Technicolor, "Flowers and Trees". The success of the song Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?, from the Silly Symphony short "Three Little Pigs" (1933), convinced Disney to keep producing original music. It was at this time Disney introduced the characters of Donald Duck, Goofy, Pluto and Minnie Mouse. Over its ten year run, "Silly Symphonies" had won Walt Disney the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film seven times, eventually tied with Bill Hanna and Joe Barbara's "Tom and Jerry's" record for most awards for a cartoon series in the category. It spawned numerous imitators and competitors (like Warner Bros' "Merrie Melodies" and "Looney Tunes)". United StatesFebruary 29, 1929 BrazilDecember 25, 1929 United KingdomJuly 21, 1930 UruguaySeptember 11, 1930 MexicoDecember 25, 1931 PortugalMarch 16, 1932 IrelandApril 3, 1932 GreeceApril 10, 1933 SwedenOctober 7, 1933- Argentinian in Chilean SpanishDecember 11, 1934

(Silly Symphony) IcelandFebruary 28, 1934 SpainMarch 23, 1935 ItalyApril 12, 1935 CanadaAugust 1, 1936 CzechoslovakiaDecember 17, 1936 Hong KongOctober 16, 1937 NorwayOctober 31, 1937 BulgariaDecember 25, 1938  SwitzerlandDecember 25, 1938 (German speaking region) Soviet UnionDecember 25, 1938 YugoslaviaJuly 31, 1938 FinlandNovember 4, 1938 PolandAugust 7, 1939 AustriaJanuary 12, 1939 DenmarkApril 2, 1939 West GermanyOctober 10, 1939 ThailandJune 13, 1939 BelgiumAugust 14, 1939 IndiaDecember 25, 1939 TurkeyAugust 15, 1939 JapanSeptember 23, 1939 South KoreaOctober 3, 1939 MaltaJuly 31, 1939 New ZealandJune 29, 1941 South AfricaJune 29, 1941 LebanonDecember 25, 1947 IranMarch 16, 1954 MoroccoMarch 16, 1954 EgyptMarch 26, 1954 IndonesiaJune 17, 1954 QatarJune 17, 1954 SingaporeJune 17, 1954 Sri LankaApril 26, 1965 KuwaitJune 4, 1966 IsraelNovember 8, 1971
The series also spawned a Disney media franchise which included the newspaper comic strip "Silly Symphony", the Dell comic book series "Silly Symphonies", as well as several children's books, many of which were based on "Silly Symphony" cartoons.

Power Rangers Dino Thunder

Power Rangers Dino Thunder is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2004. It aired on ABC Kids (and Jetix). It aired from February 7, to November 27, 2004, 40 episodes. The show is notable for bringing back Jason David Frank. He played Tommy Oliver (one of the most liked characters of the franchise) in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Bakuryu Sentai Abaranger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Ninja Storm". A sequel to it called "Power Rangers S.P.D." started in 2005.

A team of unlikely personalities join forces to help save the Earth from the scheming Mesogog, a dinosaur-like villain who wishes to destroy humankind.




Peterbilt

The Peterbilt Motors Company is an American company. It makes medium or heavy duty Class 5 through 8 trucks. 
The Peterbilt company started making trucks in 1939 and built 15 trucks that year. Their semi-trucks are made in different styles. 

The company can trace its roots to the Fageol Motor Company. It was a regional truck maker that started in Oakland, California in 1916. The company made automobiles, trucks and tractors. The company made trucks that could stand up to the tough conditions of the deserts and mountains of the western United States. In 1923 they shut down all other products to concentrate on trucks. They made trucks from the 1920s and 1930s. Due to the Great Depression, the company went into bankruptcy in 1932. It kept operating under control of its creditors but by 1938 was about to shut down. In 1939 the company assets were purchased by T.A. Peterman, a logger and businessman from Tacoma, Washington. The name Peterbilt was already being used by one of his wood products companies and was used for his new truck manufacturing company.


Kenworth

Kenworth is an American truck producer company. It makes medium and heavy duty class 8 trucks. The company used to also make school buses and transit buses.

The company was founded in 1923 as the successor to Gersix Motor Company. It is headquartered in the Seattle suburb of Kirkland, Washington.

The history of Kenworth begins in 1912 when was founded the company Gerlinger Motors in Portland, Oregon. It worked first as a dearship company owned by brothers Gerlingers. 

Fågelsta

Fågelsta is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 287 people lived there.

Fornåsa

Fornåsa is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 433 people lived there.

Godegård

Godegård is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 200 people lived there. The Mjölby-Hallsberg railway line runs through the village.

Nykyrka

Nykyrka is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 414 people lived there.

Österstad

Österstad is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 318 people lived there.

Cabu

Jean Cabut (13 January 1938 – 7 January 2015), better known as Cabu, was a French comic strip artist and caricaturist. He was best known for his work on the satirical newspaper "Charlie Hebdo".

Cabu was born in Châlons-en-Champagne. His son was singer Mano Solo.

Cabu was among the victims who were killed in a shooting at "Charlie Hebdo"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Paris headquarters on 7 January 2015. He was 76.

Charb

Stéphane Charbonnier (; 21 August 1967 – 7 January 2015), better known as Charb (), was a French cartoonist, journalist, and caricaturist. He was best known for his work on the satirical newspaper "Charlie Hebdo".

Charb was born in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine.

Charb was among the victims who were killed in a shooting at "Charlie Hebdo"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Paris headquarters on 7 January 2015. He was 47.

Stéphane Charbonnier was born in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine on 21 August 1967 and raised in Pontoise.


Tignous

Bernard Verlhac (21 August 1957 – 7 January 2015), better known as Tignous, was a French cartoonist and caricaturist. He was best known for his work on the satirical newspaper "Charlie Hebdo". He was born and grew up in Paris.

Tignous was among the victims who were killed in a shooting at "Charlie Hebdo"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Paris headquarters on 7 January 2015. He was 57.

Georges Wolinski

Georges Wolinski (28 June 1934 – 7 January 2015) was a French cartoonist, journalist and comic book writer. He is best known for his work on the satirical newspaper "Charlie Hebdo" and the daily newspaper "Libération". In 2005, he was awarded the Legion of Honour.

Wolinski was born in Tunis, Tunisia. His father was Polish and his mother was a Tunisian of Italian Jewish ancestry.

Wolinski was among the victims who were killed in a shooting at "Charlie Hebdo"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Paris headquarters on 7 January 2015. He was 80.

Bäckaby Old Church

Bäckaby Old Church () was a woooden church building in Sweden. The oldest pieces were dated back to the 1320s. The old wooden church was originally in Bäckaby outside Vetlanda. The church was later purchased by a private person and moved to the town park in Jönköping. In Jönköping, it was reopened on 31 August 1902. Back in Bäckaby, Bäckaby Old Church had been replaced by the newer Bäckaby Church in 1899.

On late Friday evening, 28 April 2000 a fire totally destroyed the church. Soon, it was learnt that the fire was caused by arson. Local press brought major attention to the fire when it appeared to be connected to satanism. and modern paganism. Many people missed the church because it had been popular a place for weddings and baptism.

In 2003 a memorial site was opened.


Kulla Chapel

Kulla Chapel () is a chapel in Eksjö Municipality in Sweden. It is located down country road 28 Eksjö and Nässjö. It belongs to the Höreda Parish of the Church of Sweden. The chapel was opened in 1927.

The chapel was destroyed in a fire on 27 May 2000. The fire was connected to Satanism However the chapel was rebuilt and reopened on 13 May 2001.


Södra Råda Old Church

Södra Råda Old Church () was a timbered church building in Gullspång Municipality in Sweden. The church was dated to the 14th century. It was one of the oldest preserved wooden churches in Sweden.

The church was destroyed by a fire on 12 November 2001.

Blank Space

"Blank Space" is a 2014 song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song is about the way the media sees Swift and her relationships. The song is an electropop single. It has been compared to New Zealand singer-songwriter Lorde's musical style.

"Blank Space" was released on November 10, 2014. It received positive reviews from music critics. It reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, which made it become her second number-one single from "1989" (after "Shake It Off") and her third number-one single overall.

Nightcrawler

Nightcrawler is a 2014 American crime thriller movie. It is set in Los Angeles. It is about a petty thief who becomes a photojournalist. There is a home invasion. Jake Gyllenhaal plays Louis. Rene Russo plays Nina. Bill Paxton plays Joe. 

The movie was released on October 31, 2014. It got positive reviews from movie critics. It made US$38.3 million.


Home invasion

A home invasion is when a criminal illegally goes into someone's home intending to use violence against the people inside. The criminal usually plans to commit assault, murder, rape, robbery or kidnapping. 

The term "home invasion" was first used in 1912.

Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501

Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501 was a passenger flight from Surabaya to Singapore. The plane was an Airbus A320. On December 28 2014, the airplane crashed due to technical failure and bad weather in the Java Sea, Indonesia. All 162 people on the plane were killed. Human bodies and debris began surfacing two days after the incident. The plane was said to have lost contact with air traffic control 42 minutes after takeoff. The plane wreckage and bodies of the passengers were pulled from the Java Sea in the waters of Kalimantan, the Indonesian part of Borneo island, The Guardian reported.

According to the reports, investigators traced the failure of both the rudder and computer systems to a cracked solder joint inside circuit boards. The rudder system had experienced problems 23 times since January 2014, reported the aircraft maintenance team.

Flight 8501 had 155 passengers and seven crew members on board. The passenger list consisted of 137 adults, 17 children and one infant. The crew consisted of two pilots, 4 flight attendants and a company engineer. The crash victims included people from Indonesia, Malaysia, South Korea, France, Singapore and the United Kingdom.

The Captain was 53-year-old Iriyanto, an Indonesian pilot who had 20,537 flying hours.

The First Officer was 46-year old Rémi Emmanuel Plesel, a French pilot who had 2,247 flying hours.

Åby, Norrköping Municipality

Åby is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,980 people lived there.

Kimstad

Kimstad is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,510 people lived there.

Bernice Madigan

Bernice Madigan (July 24, 1899 – January 3, 2015) was an American supercentenarian and one of the last surviving person in the world who was born in the 1800s or the 19th century. She was the oldest living resident of Massachusetts, the fourth-oldest living person in the United States, and the world's fifth-oldest living person at the time of her death.

A lifelong Republican, she attended the Inauguration of Warren G. Harding in 1921, and cited Dwight D. Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan as her favorite U.S. Presidents. "Reagan accomplished more for the government. Eisenhower I thought was very good in some ways in the White House. I liked them both very much."

Madigan met her husband, Paul, in Washington, and they were married 50 years. Paul died in 1976. She has outlived a brother, Roy Emerson, and a sister, Marilyn Emerson Martin.

Madigan died in Cheshire, Massachusetts, aged 115.


Ljunga

Ljunga is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 688 people lived there.

Skärblacka

Skärblacka is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,059 people lived there. In everyday use, the town is known as simply "Blacka".

Vånga

Vånga is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 220 people lived there. The locality is located north of Lake Roxen.

Lindö

Lindö is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,915 people lived there.

Simonstorp

Simonstorp is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 258 people lived there.

Strömsfors

Strömsfors is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 528 people lived there.

Norsholm

Norsholm is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 615 people lived there. The locality is located circa 15 kilometers southwest of the town Norrköping, near the E4 and Göta kanal.

Östra Husby

Östra Husby is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 792 people lived there. The locality is located 20 kilometers east of Norrköping and 16 kilometers northeast of Söderköping.

Åselstad

Åselstad is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 475 people lived there.

Julio Scherer García

Julio Scherer García (7 April 1926 – 7 January 2015) was a Mexican author and journalist. He was the editor of the Mexican newspaper "Excelsior" from 1968 to 1976. He also was the founder of the news magazine "Proceso".

Garcia died in Mexico City from septic shock, aged 88.

Bernard Maris

Bernard Maris (23 September 19467 January 2015) was a French economist, writer and journalist. He was also a shareholder in "Charlie Hebdo" magazine. He was born in Toulouse, France.

Maris was murdered in January 2015, in the "Charlie Hebdo" shooting at the headquarters of the magazine in Paris.

Charlie Hebdo shooting

On 7 January 2015, at approximately 11:30 CET (10:30 UTC), three masked gunmen armed with Kalashnikov rifles, a shotgun, and a rocket-propelled grenade launcher stormed the headquarters of the French satirical magazine "Charlie Hebdo" in Paris. They shot and killed 12 people, including "Charlie Hebdo" staff and two French National police officers, and wounded 11 others. In Niger churches and cars were burned in protest of Muhammed on the cover of "Charlie Hebdo".

The gunmen entered the building and began shooting with automatic weapons, while shouting ""Allahu Akbar"". Up to 50 shots were fired during the attack. Following a massive manhunt, the French police believe they have located the attackers and are mounting an operation against them. On Twitter people used the hashtag #JeSuisCharlie to show support for freedom of speech after the shooting. It is similiar to Monkseaton Shooting.

"Charlie Hebdo" is an antireligious left-wing newspaper. In 2011 the newspaper's office was firebombed because the cover of an issue of the newspaper called "Charia Hebdo" had a cartoon of Prophet Muhammad on it. The newspaper's editor-in-chief Stéphane "Charb" Charbonnier was added to Al-Qaeda's most wanted list in 2013.


Saïd Kouachi and Chérif Kouachi were identified by French police as the main suspects in the shooting. The two Franco-Algerian brothers, both from Gennevilliers, are aged 34 and 32, respectively. In 2008, Chérif Kouachi was convicted of terrorism charges and sentenced to three years in prison, along with 18 months of suspension, for having assisted in sending fighters to Iraq's insurgency.

Hamyd Mourad, an 18-year-old homeless man of unknown nationality, was identified by the police as a third suspect in the shooting.

Charlie Hebdo

Charlie Hebdo (French pronunciation: []; French for "Weekly Charlie") is a French satirical weekly newspaper, featuring cartoons, reports, and jokes. It was founded by Georges Bernier and François Cavanna in 1970.

The stories and cartoons they publish are very left-wing and anarchist, with primarily political satire. Following a long tradition in France, called anti-clericalism, the magazine strongly criticized all religions; it has often published caricatures of Jews, Muslims or Christians (especially Catholics). Some Islamic fundamentalists were offended at some cartoons, and repeatedly sent death threats to the journalists of "Charlie Hebdo".

On 7 January 2015, there was a massacre at their office, in which six journalists and cartoonists were killed. This massacre was a shock to millions of people in the world. It was felt to many people like an attack on the freedom of speech, which is an essential part of a democracy.

Per-Olof Åstrand

Per-Olof Åstrand (October 21, 1922 – January 2, 2015) was a Swedish professor of physiology. He worked at the Royal Gymnastic Central Institute (GCI/GIH) in Stockholm 1970-1977, and 1977-1988 at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden. He was a member of the Nobel Assembly at Karolinska Institutet (1977–1988). Åstrand is considered a "pioneer", "legend" and one of the "founding fathers" of modern exercise physiology.


Lance Diamond

Lance Diamond (July 3, 1945 – January 4, 2015) was an American lounge singer and radio personality from Buffalo, New York. His career spanned over 40 years. He often called himself the "Love Doctor," getting the name from his #1 radio show, "Saturday Night Fever" which he hosted every Saturday night.

Diamond died on January 4, 2015, aged 68, a few days after being hospitalized due to heart complications that prevented him from performing his annual New Year's Eve show. He was unmarried and had no children.

Stu Miller

Stuart Leonard "Stu" Miller (December 26, 1927 – January 4, 2015) was a former American pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals (1952–1956), Philadelphia Phillies (1956), New York/San Francisco Giants (1957–1962), Baltimore Orioles (1963–1967) and Atlanta Braves (1968). 

He batted and threw right-handed. In a 16-season career, Miller posted a 105–103 record with a 3.24 earned run average, 1164 strikeouts, and 154 saves in 704 games pitched (93 as a starter).

Miller died January 4, 2015, in Cameron Park, California, aged 87 after a brief illness.

Vlastimil Bubník

Vlastimil Bubník (; 18 March 1931 – 6 January 2015) was a Czech ice hockey player and footballer.

Bubník was born in Kelč, Czechoslovakia, and played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga. He played for HC Brno and Královo Pole. He also won a bronze medal at the 1964 Winter Olympics. He was inducted into the International Ice Hockey Federation Hall of Fame in 1997.


Joy Ali

Zulfikar Joy Ali (22 December 1978 – 5 January 2015) was an Indo-Fijian boxer. Ali was once ranked 13th in the world and, in October 2005, was ranked 15th by the WBA in the Super welterweight division. He beat Gary Comers for the PABA title. He was the brother of Junior Farzan Ali.

King Sporty

Noel G. Williams (September 19, 1943 – January 5, 2015), better known as King Sporty, was a Jamaican DJ, reggae musician, and record producer for the Tashamba and Konduko labels. He is best known for writing the song, "Buffalo Soldier", made famous by Bob Marley. He was born in Portland, Jamaica.

Sporty died on January 5, 2015 in Miami, Florida, United States, aged 71.

Sentai

In Japanese, is a military unit and may be literally translated as squadron, "task force", "group" or "wing". The terms "regiment" and "flotilla", while sometimes used as translations of "Sentai", are also used to refer to larger formations. Sentai television series are Live-action shows with young heros in spandex fighting monsters with their martial arts.

It is a term used during World War II by the military of the Empire of Japan. Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) and Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) Air Service sentai units were equivalent to a group or wing in other air forces. However, the term had slightly different meanings in the IJA and the IJN. The Japanese navy sentai were squadrons of four ships (battleships and cruisers). Japanese submarines were also grouped in sentai.

The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers debuted on television in the US in 1993. They are based on Super Sentai shows from Japan. Here the term means "group fighters". It is a group of five color-coded fighters familiar to young Japanese viewers since the 1975 debut of "Go Renjaa" (five Rangers). 

Khan Bonfils

Khan Bonflis (Kan Bonflis; c. 1972 – January 5, 2015) was a British actor of Asian origin. He was known for his small roles in "Tomorrow Never Dies", "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow", "", "Batman Begins", and in "Skyfall".

Bonflis died while rehearsing for a play in London, aged 42.

Jean-Pierre Beltoise

Jean-Pierre Maurice Georges Beltoise (26 April 1937 – 5 January 2015) was a French Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and Formula One driver. He raced for the Matra and BRM teams. François Cevert was his brother-in-law (his wife's brother). He competed in 88 Grands Prix achieving one win and eight podium finishes. He was born in Paris.

Beltoise died at his holiday home in Dakar, Senegal, on 5 January 2015, aged 77, following two strokes .

Pino Daniele

Pino Daniele (19 March 1955 – 4 January 2015) was an Italian singer-songwriter, and guitarist. He was born in Naples, Italy. He was known for his songs; "Passi d'autore" of 2004" and "Il Fatto Quotidiano".

On January 5th, 2015, it was announced via Instagram by Daniele's longtime friend Eros Ramazzotti that he had died from a heart attack between 4 and 5 January. Daniele is considered to have been one of the best singer-songwriters in Italian history. Daniele's death was confirmed at 10:45pm at "Sant'Eugenio" Hospital in Rome (Italy) on 4 January.

Philippe Honoré

Philippe Honoré (; 25 November 1941 – 7 January 2015), known by the pen-name Honoré, was a French cartoonist. He was born in Vichy, France. Honoré worked with the newspaper company Charlie Hebdo during most of his career. He was a staff cartoonist there.

Honoré died on January 7, 2015, during the January 2015 shooting attack on the "Charlie Hebdo" newspaper office. 

Professeur Choron

Georges Bernier (21 September 1929 – 10 January 2005), more commonly known as Le Professeur Choron, was a French humorist. He was the founder of "Hara Kiri magazine" and helped discover "Charlie Hebdo", a satirical newspaper.

Swiss Chalet

Swiss Chalet is a Canadian chain of casual dining restaurants. Swiss Chalet was started in 1954 in Toronto, Ontario. The restaurant chain is owned by Cara Operations. Swiss chalet's signature food is rotisserie chicken. Their signature dish is the Quarter Chicken Dinner, either a roasted chicken leg or breast with "Chalet Sauce", a bread roll, and a side dish of the customers choice. Other combinations up to and including a whole chicken are also available.

The first Swiss Chalet restaurant was opened at 234 Bloor Street West in Toronto and it operated for 52 years. This restaurant was closed in 2006 and it was demolished in 2009 to make way for condominiums.

In 2008, Swiss Chalet food products were added to Air Canada to be on their buy-on-board menu.


Jethro Pugh

Jethro Pugh, Jr. (July 3, 1944 – January 7, 2015) was an American football player. He played as a defensive tackle and a defensive end in the National Football League (NFL) for the Dallas Cowboys from 1965 until 1978. Pugh retired on January 29, 1979.

Pugh was born in Windsor, North Carolina. He attended Elizabeth City State University in Elizabeth City, North Carolina.

Pugh died on January 7, 2015 in Dallas, Texas, aged 70.

Tim Roberts

Timothy "Tim" Roberts (December 27, 1976 – January 7, 2015), also known by his ring names "The Arsonist" or "El Piromaniaco" Tim Arson, was an American professional wrestler. He made his first wrestling appearance in 2001, and was signed by both WWE and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). He was trained by Johnny Rodz. He competed in shows and tournaments over the United States and Puerto Rico.

Roberts was born in Staten Island, New York City.

Roberts died on January 7, 2015 in Haskell, New Jersey, aged 38.


Kep Enderby

Keppel Earl "Kep" Enderby (25 June 1926 – 8 January 2015) was an Australian politician and judge. He was a member of the House of Representatives for the Australian Labor Party between 1970 and 1975. He also became a senior cabinet minister in the Gough Whitlam government. After politics, he was became a Justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, serving from 1982 to 1992. He was the president of the Universal Esperanto Association from 1998 to 2001.

Enderby was born in Dubbo, New South Wales. He was married to Dot and lived in Sydney.

Enderby died on 8 January 2015 at the age of 88.


Intel Core i5

Intel Core i5 is a name that Intel uses for the computer processors it makes for desktop and laptop computers. 

The first Core i5 is a version of the earlier Core i7, the Lynnfield core. Lynnfield Core i5 processors have an 8 MB L3 cache. They have a DMI (Direct Media Interface) bus running at 2.5 GT/s. Core i5 also has support for dual-channel DDR SDRAM memory and have Hyper-threading disabled. A new feature called Turbo Boost Technology was introduced which maximizes speed for demanding computer programs. This increases performance to match the amount of work the computer must do.

The Core i5-5xx mobile processors are named Arrandale. They are based on the 32nm Westmere shrink of the Nehalem microarchitecture. Arrandale processors have integrated graphics capability but only two processor cores. They were released in January 2010. Clarkdale, is the desktop version of Arrandale. These are the first processors to have integrated video. It has Hyper-Threading enabled and the full 4 MB L3 cache.

Svartbyn

Svartbyn is a locality in Överkalix Municipality, in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 265 people lived there.

Tallvik

Tallvik is a locality in Överkalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 434 people lived there.

Vittsjö

Vittsjö is a locality in Hässleholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,665 people lived there.

Yngsjö

Yngsjö is a locality in Kristianstad Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 302 people lived there. The Yngsjö murder took place here in 1889.

Morgongåva

Morgongåva is a locality in Heby Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,409 people lived there.

Östervåla

Östervåla is a locality in Heby Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,595 people lived there.

St. Peter's Church, Stockholm

The Saint Peter's Church () is church building at Norrmalm in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was designed by Erik Lallerstedt. The church was built in the Art Nouveau style 1900-1901.

Immanuel Church, Stockholm

Immanuel Church () is church building located in the central parts of the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The church was designed by Sture Frölén. It was built in 1974. The lot it was built on earlier housed a tram depot at the intersection of Birger Jarlsgatan and Kungstensgatan. 

The entire block consists of offices and a hotel. The block was built between 1970–1974 on behalf of the church. The church has been considered a nice example of 1970s modernist architecture. It is of major historical value according to the Stockholm City Museum. 

German Church, Gothenburg

The German Church (, ), also called Christinae Church (, ), is a church building in the central parts of the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It was named after queen Christina of Sweden. The church was opened in 1748. It is used by the German Parish of the Church of Sweden in Gothenburg. 

Cookie Clicker

Cookie Clicker is a JavaScript-based incremental game made by French programmer Julien Thiennot.

The point of the game is to bake cookies as fast as possible. To start the game, a player burns cookies by clicking on a giant cookie. One cookie is gained each time it is clicked. With sufficient cookies to use as currency, a player can buy items and upgrades that will bake more cookies. They will also increase the number of cookies per click. There is no true end to the game.

German Church, Stockholm

The German Church (, ), sometimes called Saint Gertrude's Church (), is a church in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm in Sweden. It belongs to the German Saint Gertrude Parish of the Church of Sweden.


German Church

German Church may refer to:



Immanuel Church, Jönköping

The Immanuel Church () is a church building at the street of Oxtorgsgatan in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Uniting Church in Sweden. The church was built in 1975. It was opened in 1976.


Emmanuel Church

The Emmanuel Church or Immanuel Church may refer to:


Swedish Pentecostal Movement

The Swedish Pentecostal Movement () is a Protestant community. On 31 December 2011 it consisted of 463 congregations. Together they make up the Swedish pentecostalism movement. The movement came to Sweden by 1906-1907.


Philadelphia Church

The Philadelphia Church () is a church building at Rörstrandsgatan 7 in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. The church was inaugurated on 2 November 1930.

Statistics Sweden

Statistics Sweden (, ) is the Swedish government agency that makes the official statistics for Sweden. National statistics in Sweden were first created in 1686 when the Church of Sweden was told to start keeping records on the population. Before the SBC, the Office of Tables (""), was set up in 1749. The current name was changed in 1858.

Since 2008, the agency had about 1,400 employees. The offices of the agency are in Stockholm and Örebro. Statistics Sweden prints the "Journal of Official Statistics".


Garphyttan

Garphyttan is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,619 people lived there. The locality is located 16 kilometers northwest of the town of Örebro. It is located near the Garphyttan National Park.

Media franchise

A media franchise, also known as a multimedia franchise and transmedia franchise, is a collection of related media in which several derivative works have been produced from an original creative work of fiction, such as a movie, a work of literature, a television program or a video game. The fictional universe also from media franchises of all time. 

The greatest best known famous original media feature series including Disney (Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, etc.), DC Comics (Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, etc.) and Marvel Comics (Spider-Man, Hulk, X-Men, etc.).

Multimedia franchises usually develop through a character or fictional world becoming popular in one medium, and then expanding to others through licensing agreements, with respect to intellectual property in the franchise's characters and settings. Disney, DC Comics and Marvel Comics famous franchises including Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Spider-Man, Hulk and X-Men. As one author explains, "For the studios, a home-run is a film from which a multimedia 'franchise' can be generated; the colossally expensive creation of cross-media conglomerates predicated on synergistic rewards provides an obvious imperative to develop such products." The trend later developed wherein franchises would be launched in multiple forms of media simultaneously; for instance, the movie "The Matrix Reloaded" and the video game "Enter the Matrix" were produced at the same time, using the same actors on the same sets, and released on the same day. Several other franchises throughout the 2000s had movies and games released within days of each other, including "King Kong", "Star Wars", "Harry Potter", Disney, DC Comics, Marvel Comics, "The Lord of the Rings", "The Chronicles of Narnia", "Pirates of the Caribbean", and "Transformers".

Long-running franchises were common in the early studio era, when Hollywood studios had actors and directors under long-term contract. Examples include Andy Hardy, Ma and Pa Kettle, Mickey Mouse, Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Marilyn Monroe, Bulldog Drummond, Superman, Wonder Woman, Spider-Man, Hulk, X-Men, Tarzan, and Batman. The longest-running modern movie franchises include "James Bond", "Godzilla" and "King Kong", "Friday the 13th", "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Universal Monsters", and "Star Trek". In such cases, even lead actors are often replaced as they age, lose interest, or their characters.

Non-fiction literary franchises include the "For Dummies" and "Complete Idiot's Guides" reference books. An enduring and comprehensive example of a media franchise is Playboy Enterprises, which began expanding well beyond its successful magazine, "Playboy", within a few years after its first publication, into such enterprises as a modeling agency, several television shows ("Playboy's Penthouse", in 1959), and even its own television channel. Twenty-five years later, Playboy released private clubs and restaurants, movie theaters, a radio show, direct to video movies, music and book publishing (including original works in addition to its anthologies of cartoons, photographs, recipes, advice, articles or fiction that had originally appeared in the magazine), footwear, clothing of every kind, jewelry, housewares (lamps, clocks, bedding, glassware), guitars and gambling, playing cards, pinball machines and pet accessories, billiard balls, bedroom appurtenances, enhancements, plus countless other items of merchandise.


Grythyttan

Grythyttan is a locality in Hällefors Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 891 people lived there.

Seventh-day Adventist Church in Sweden

The Seventh-day Adventist Church in Sweden () is a Seventh-day Adventist denomination in Sweden. The first Seventh-day Adventist Church congregation in Sweden was established in Grythyttan in 1880. Circa 40 Swedish Seventh-day Adventist denominations were around in Sweden during the early 2000s. Most of them existed in Central Sweden.


Christian Council of Sweden

The Christian Council of Sweden () is an echumenical Christian organization in Sweden. It was established on 15 December 1992.

Following denominations were members in 2013:








Canada men's national ice hockey team

The Canadian National Men's Ice Hockey Team (also known as Team Canada) is the ice hockey team for Canada. The team is run by Hockey Canada, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. From 1920 until 1963 Canada did not have one national hockey team. Instead, several senior amateur club teams played for Canada . Canada's national men's team was created in 1963 by Father David Bauer as a part of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association. This team played out of the University of British Columbia. During the 1972 Summit Series, the name "Team Canada" was first used. 

Team Canada has been one of the leading national ice hockey teams playing around the world. They won the 1972 Summit Series against the Soviet Union, four of five Canada Cups since 1976, nine Olympic gold medals (the most of any hockey nation); Salt Lake City 2002, Vancouver 2010, and Sochi 2014. They are 25-time IIHF World Champions and winner of the 2004 World Cup of Hockey.

From 1920 to 1963 the senior amateur club teams that played for Canada were usually the most recent Allan Cup champions. The last amateur club team from Canada to win a gold medal at the World Championship was the Trail Smoke Eaters in 1961. After the 1963 World Championships, Father David Bauer founded the national team to play hockey for Canada in games around the world. This new team had it's first games at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

Before the Soviet Union began playing international hockey in 1954, Canada won most of the international hockey games. Team Canada won six out of seven golds at the Olympics and 10 World Championship gold medals. After Canada won the Winter Olympic Gold medal in 1952, they did not win another gold medal for 50 years. From 1962 to 1993 the team was not able to win any World Championships. It was difficult for Team Canada to win because the country's best professional players were not able to play for Team Canada. Instead, they were playing for their National Hockey League teams.

Canada stopped playing in IIHF events in 1970 and Team Canada stopped playing in any games after the team was told they could not use semi-professional players at the World Championship. Canada once again began playing in the IIHF in 1977 after the IIHF President Dr. Sabetzki and top officials of professional ice hockey in Canada and the United States were able to come to an agreement. They agreed that professionals would be allowed to play hockey at the World Championship and the tournament would be scheduled later in the year. This allowed players from the NHL to play, after their teams were no longer playing in the Stanley Cup playoffs. They also agreed to create the "Canada Cup". This championship would be played every four years in North America. Canada, the United States, and the four best European national teams would play in this championship.

In 1983, Hockey Canada began the "Program of Excellence". This program was made to help prepare a team for the Winter Olympics every four years. This new National Team played a full season together all over the world against both national and club teams. Young players hoping to play in the NHL would play on this new team. In 1986, the International Olympic Committee voted to allow professional athletes to compete in Olympic Games, starting in 1988. This allowed many experienced NHL players to join the team. In 1998 the NHL decided to stop letting players compete in the Olympics, so the Program of Excellence was shut down.

After not winning a gold medal for 33 years, Canada won the 1994 World Championship in Italy. Since 1994, Team Canada won in 1997, 2003, 2004, and 2007. Canada won its first Olympic gold medal in 50 years at Salt Lake City 2002. At Vancouver 2010, Canada won the gold medal with a 3–2 win against the United States in the final. Sidney Crosby's overtime goal won Canada the final gold medal awarded at the Games. At the 2012 World Championship in Finland and Sweden, Ryan Murray became the first draft eligible prospect to represent Canada at the Ice Hockey World Championship.

After winning the Gold medal in the 2010 Winter Olympics, Team Canada was able to win gold again at the Sochi 2014 Olympic games. This was the first time a team had won Gold medals twice in a row since the Soviet Union in 1988. Team Canada was also the first to finish the tournament without losing any games since 1984. The team played so well that it was said they may be the best team that Canada had ever had. Drew Doughty and Shea Weber scored the most goals for the team, while Jonathan Toews scored the gold medal-winning goal in the first period of a 3–0 win over Sweden in the final. After the 2014 Olympics Steve Yzerman, stepped down as general manager of the team. In 2015, Team Canada was able to win their first hockey World Championship since 2007.

Roster for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, from February 8–23, 2014.

Roster for the 2014 IIHF World Championship in Minsk, Belarus, from May 9–25, 2014.


Roster for the 2014 Spengler Cup in Davos, Switzerland, from December 26–31, 2014.


All Olympic ice hockey tournaments between 1920 and 1968 also counted as World Championships. Team Canada has won a total of 15 Olympic medals.

All Olympic ice hockey tournaments between 1920 and 1968 also counted as World Championships. The 1920 Olympics were the first world championship. IIHF World Championships were not held during the Winter Olympic years of 1980, 1984 or 1988.




In the Spengler Cup, Team Canada competes against European club teams such as HC Davos who host the tournament every year in Vaillant Arena. Canada was initially represented by the standing national team at this event, but subsequently is usually made up of Canadians playing in European leagues or the AHL.

List of coaches of the Canada men's national ice hockey team.

Olympics

Summit Series, Canada Cup, World Cup

World Championships


David Rolfe (swimmer)

David John Rolfe (26 June 1964 – 7 January 2015) was an Australian swimmer and Paralympian. He won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in the Men's 4x100 m Medley 34 pts event in Sydney.

Rolfe was born in Inverell, New South Wales. He was married with one child and lived on the Gold Coast in Queensland.

Rolfe died from complications relating to heart surgery on 7 January 2015 on the Gold Coast. He was 50.

Lethal Weapon 4

Lethal Weapon 4 is a 1998 comedy-action movie. Danny Glover plays Roger. Mel Gibson plays Martin. Rene Russo plays Lorna Cole. Chris Rock plays Lee.

The movie was released on July 10, 1998. It got mixed to negative reviews from critics. However, it made about $285 million.


Lethal Weapon 3

Lethal Weapon 3 is a 1992 comedy-action movie. Mel Gibson plays Martin, Danny Glover plays Roger, Joe Pesci plays Leo and Rene Russo plays Lorna Cole.

This movie was released on May 15, 1992. It got mixed reviews. It made over US$320 million.



Bonnie

Bonnie [bon-ee] is a given name. It is usually used for females. Some males also have the name. It comes from the Scottish word "bonnie", which means "pretty" or "attractive". There are several celebrities with the name, including Bonnie Franklin and Bonnie Raitt.This name was ranked #513 on the US Popular Names in 2021.



In 1986 and 1998, hurricanes with the name "Bonnie" struck certain parts of the United States. The 1998 storm caused between $700 million and $1 billion in damage in North Carolina. The name is still being used on Atlantic hurricanes.

Tadeusz Konwicki

Tadeusz Konwicki (22 June 1926 – 7 January 2015) was a Polish screenwriter and movie director. He was a member of the Polish Language Council. He was known for his movies "A Tale of Adam Mickiewicz's 'Forefathers' Eve", "Kronika wypadków milosnych" and "Mother Joan of the Angels". Konwicki was born in present day Naujoji Vilnia, Lithuania.

Konwicki died in Warsaw, Poland, aged 88.


Staryl C. Austin

Staryl Chester Austin, Jr. (September 16, 1920 – January 1, 2015) was an American brigadier general in the United States Air Force. He was a former Assistant Adjutant General of Oregon and 142nd Fighter Group’s Air Officer, Chief of the Administrative Division. He was a member of the Oregon Aviation Hall of Honor. 

Austin died on January 1, 2015 at the age of 94.

Andraé Crouch

Andraé Edward Crouch (July 1, 1942 – January 8, 2015) was an American gospel singer, songwriter, arranger, recording artist, record producer, and pastor. He was known for his compositions "The Blood Will Never Lose Its Power", "My Tribute (To God Be the Glory)", and "Soon and Very Soon". In the 1980s, he led choirs that sang on the Michael Jackson hit "Man in the Mirror" as well as Madonna's "Like a Prayer".

Crouch was born in San Francisco, California. He was co-pastor at the Christ Memorial Church in Pacoima, Los Angeles with his twin sister, Sandra.

Crouch died from a heart attack on January 8, 2015 in Los Angeles, California, aged 72.


Jan Olszewski

Jan Ferdynand Olszewski (20 August 1930 in Warsaw – 7 February 2019 in Warsaw) was a Polish lawyer and political figure. He is best known for serving as Prime Minister of the Republic of Poland from 1991 to 1992.

Olszewski died after a long illness on 7 February 2019 in a Warsaw hospital, aged 88.

Józef Oleksy

Józef Oleksy (22 June 1946 – 9 January 2015) was a Polish left-wing politician and economist. He served as the seventh Prime Minister of Poland from 7 March 1995 until 7 February 1996. He was also the former chairman of the Democratic Left Alliance (Sojusz Lewicy Demokratycznej, SLD). From 1968 to 1990, he was a member of the communist Polish United Workers' Party.

Oleksy was born in Nowy Sącz, Lesser Poland Voivodeship. He was an atheist before becoming a Roman Catholic.

Oleksy died from cancer on 9 January 2015 in Warsaw, aged 68.

Mompati Merafhe

Lt. Gen. Mompati Sebogodi Merafhe (6 June 1936 – 7 January 2015) was a Botswanan politician. He was Vice-President of Botswana from 2008 to 2012. He was a Lieutenant-General and was Botswana's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1994 to 2008.

Theo van Gogh

Theodoor "Theo" van Gogh (; 23 July 19572 November 2004) was a Dutch movie director, movie producer, columnist, author and actor who was murdered in 2004 because of his own film. He was born in The Hague, Netherlands. His great-great uncle was artist Vincent van Gogh.

Van Gogh worked with the Somali-born writer and politician Ayaan Hirsi Ali to produce the short movie "Submission" (2004), which criticized the treatment of women in Islam. The last movie Van Gogh had completed before his death, "06/05", was a fictional exploration of the assassination of Dutch politician Pim Fortuyn.

On 2 November 2004, Van Gogh was mortally shot, stabbed and then slitting his throat by Mohammed Bouyeri, a Dutch-Moroccan Muslim in Amsterdam. He died at the scene. He was 47 years old.

In 2005, Mohammed Bouyeri was charged with the premeditated murder of Van Gogh, the attempted murder of several police officers and bystanders, illegal possession of firearms, obstructing the work of Hirsi Ali as a member of parliament and threatening her with a terrorist act.
A life sentence carries no possibility of parole in the Netherlands, but convicts can be released after receiving a royal pardon.
Whether Bouyeri would like a pardon from the queen is another matter. In a dramatic final speech to the court at the end of his trial two weeks ago, he said he wanted to receive the maximum punishment and warned that he would do the same again if he were freed.

Elsa Cayat

Elsa Cayat () (9 March 1960 – 7 January 2015) was a French psychoanalyst and columnist. She had a biweekly column "Le Divan" ('"The Couch") in "Charlie Hebdo". The column was based on facts she hated about society. Cayat was also the author of several works on the couple and sexuality, one with the participation of Antonio Fischetti, physics teacher and researcher.

Cayat died in the January 2015 shooting attack on the "Charlie Hebdo" newspaper offices in Paris, aged 54.

Tihomir Novakov

Tihomir Novakov, Ph.D known also as Tica Novakov (March 16, 1929 – January 2, 2015) was an Serbian-born American physicist. As a scientist, Novakov was known for his black carbon, air quality, and climate change research. James Hansen dubbed him "the godfather of black carbon." He was born in Sombor, Serbia.

Novakov died on January 2, 2015 in Kensington, California from natural causes, aged 85.

Kiruna Church

Kiruna Church () is a church building in the town of Kiruna in Sweden. It was built in the early 20th century. The church belongs to the Jukkasjärvi Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened on 8 December 1912 by bishop Olof Bergqvist.


Ray McFall

Andrew Raymond "Ray" McFall (26 November 1926 – 8 January 2015) was a British businessman. He owned The Cavern Club in Liverpool and was well known for promoting The Beatles during the early 1960s.

McFall was born in Garston, south Liverpool. He married Shirley Wilkins in 1952, and had six children with her: three sons and three daughters. He retired in 1999.

McFall died on 8 January 2015 at the age of 88.

Joseph Djida

Joseph Djida (8 April 1945 – 6 January 2015) was a Cameroonian Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest on 5 December 1976. He was appointed the second bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ngaoundéré on 23 October 2000.

Umeå City Church

Umeå City Church () is a church building in the central parts of Umeå in Sweden. It is located between Vänortsparken and the northern bank of the Ume River. The church belongs to the Umeå City Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 2 December 1894. That day was First Advent Sunday the same year year.


Mizda

Mizda or Mesdah ( "Mizdah") is a town in the Jabal al Gharbi District in Libya. It was the capital of the former Mizda District. 

Just to the west of Mizda is the Mizda Army Base at 


Emily Lloyd

Emily Lloyd (born 29 September 1970) is an English actress. She played Emily in "Wish You Were Here". She played Samantha Hughes in "In Country". She also played Cookie in the movie "Cookie".

She was born in London, England. Her father was Roger Lloyd-Pack. Her grandfather was Charles Lloyd-Pack.

Vittangi

Vittangi is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 784 people lived there.

Jukkasjärvi

Jukkasjärvi is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 548 people lived there.

Karesuando

Karesuando ( or "", Sami: "Karesuanto", "Gárasavvon" or "Karasavvon") is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. It is the northernmost locality in Sweden. In 2010, 303 people lived there. In 2011, 350 people lived there.

Lara Fabian

Lara Fabian (born January 9, 1970) is a Belgian singer. She has sold more than twenty million records worldwide. She sings in French, Spanish, English and other languages.

Fabian was born in Etterbeek, Brussels, Belgium to a Sicilian mother and Belgian father.

Julie Bowen

Julie Bowen (born March 3, 1970) is an American actress. She played Denise Bauer in the television series "Boston Legal". She plays Claire on "Modern Family".

She was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Svappavaara

Svappavaara is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 417 people lived there.

Kuttainen

Kuttainen is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. The locality is located near the Muonio River. In 2010, 333 people lived there.

Korpilombolo

Korpilombolo is a locality in Pajala Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 529 people lived there.

Gammelstaden

Gammelstaden or "Gammelstad" ("Luleå Old Town") is a locality in Luleå Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,960 people lived there. The Gammelstad Church Town became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996.


Bälinge

Bälinge is a locality in Uppsala Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,437 people lived there.

Öxabäck

Öxabäck is a locality in Mark Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 300 people lived there.

Västerhaninge

Västerhaninge is a locality in Haninge Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 15,134 people lived there. The locality is connected to Stockholm by commuter rail.

Ljugarn

Ljugarn is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 238 people lived there. It is located on the East Coast of Swedsih Baltic Sea island of Gotland and lies south of Slite.

Sexdrega

Sexdrega is a locality in Svenljunga Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 787 people lived there.

Östra Frölunda

Östra Frölunda is a locality in Svenljunga Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 309 people lived there.

Harplinge

Harplinge is a locality in Halmstad Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,450 people lived there. The village of Harplinge is known for its surrounding nature.

Kinnarp

Kinnarp is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 917 people lived there.

Kättilstorp

Kättilstorp is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. It had 253 inhabitants in 2010.

Vartofta

Vartofta is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 540 people lived there.

Åsarp

Åsarp is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 598 people lived there.

Stenstorp

Stenstorp is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,668 people lived there. The Western Main Line runs through Stenstorp, and local/regional passenger trains stop there.

Torbjörntorp

Torbjörntorp is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 475 people lived there.

Odensberg

Odensberg is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 287 people lived there.

Gudhem

Gudhem is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 427 people lived there.

Hagbyhöjden

Hagbyhöjden is a locality in Österåker Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 479 people lived there.

Blikstorp

Blikstorp is a locality in Hjo Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 222 people lived there.

Korsberga

Korsberga is a locality in Hjo Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 214 people lived there.

Slottsskogen

Slottsskogen is a locality in Håbo Municipality, Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,492 people lived there.

Alvik

Alvik is a locality in Luleå Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 777 people lived there.

Järna, Södertälje Municipality

Järna is a locality in Södertälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 6,377 people lived there.

Järna

Järna may refer to:


Nås

Nås is a locality in Vansbro Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 417 people lived there.

Äppelbo

Äppelbo is a locality in Vansbro Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 258 people lived there.

Täfteå

Täfteå is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,231 people lived there.

Robert Cunning

Robert 'Bobby' Robertson Innes Cunning (12 February 1930 – 24 January 1983) was a footballer from Scotland. Cunning was born on 12 February 1930 in Dunfermline, Scotland. He played for Sunderland, Hamilton and the Rangers football clubs. He was a striker.

In 1951, Cunning was on the Sunderland roster playing outside left. In 1952 and 1953, he was on the Hamilton roster. In the 1953/54 season, he played 19 games and scored 2 goals for Hamilton. In 1954, he signed to the Rangers for £2,500. His first match for Rangers was against Clyde in the Glasgow Cup. This was on 9 September 1954 when he was 24. Cunning played seven games for the Rangers. His vision problems ended his career. Cunning died 24 January, 1983 in Dunoon, Scotland.

Tavelsjö

Tavelsjö is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 245 people lived there. It is near the northern shorelines of the lake Tavelsjön between Umeå and Vindeln.

Sävar

Sävar is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,670 people lived there. The locality is located by E4 circa 15 kilometers north of Umeå.

Hörnefors

Hörnefors is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,542 people lived there.

Lori Beth Denberg

Lori Beth Denberg (born February 2, 1976) is an American comedian and actress. She was an original cast member on "All That" on Nickelodeon. She also played Lydia on "The Steve Harvey Show".

She was born in Northridge, Los Angeles, California.

Boliden

Boliden is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,566 people lived there. It is located 28,5 kilometers from the town of Skellefteå. Swedish mining company Boliden AB was established here.

Malmbäck

Malmbäck is a locality in Nässjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,031 people lived there.

Bodafors

Bodafors is a locality in Nässjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,886 people lived there.

Stensjön

Stensjön is a locality in Nässjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 224 people lived there.

Myresjö

Myresjö is a locality in Vetlanda Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 646 people lived there.

Landsbro

Landsbro is a locality in Vetlanda Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,426 people lived there.

Skede

Skede is a locality in Vetlanda Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 304 people lived there.

Surte

Surte is a locality in Ale Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,798 people lived there. It is a located circa 15 kilometers north of the town of Gothenburg.

Skepplanda

Skepplanda is a locality in Ale Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,803 people lived there.

Hyssna

Hyssna is a locality in Mark Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 638 people lived there.

Burträsk

Burträsk is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,575 people lived there.

Lövånger

Lövånger is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 761 people lived there.

Bureå

Bureå is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,360 people lived there. The Bure kinship is associated with the locality.

Byske

Byske is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,728 people lived there.

Ursviken

Ursviken is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,977 people lived there.

Bergsbyn

Bergsbyn is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,780 people lived there.

Hemavan

Hemavan or Bierke is a locality in Storuman Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 222 people lived there.

It is located on European route E12 between Storuman in Sweden and Mo i Rana in Norway. Hemavan is also known as a ski. The Hemavan Airport, is also here.


Stensele

Stensele is a locality in Storuman Municipality in Västerbotten County, Sweden, In 2010, 546 people lived there.

Junsele

Junsele is a locality in Sollefteå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 895 people lived there. The village is known for its zooligical gardens.

Ramsele

Ramsele is a locality in Sollefteå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 968 people lived there. Since the 1960s the population has been reduced from 1 563 to 968. The locality is located near the Fax River circa 70 kilometers northwest of the town of Sollefteå.

Långsele

Långsele is a locality in Sollefteå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,584 people lived there.

Ramvik

Ramvik is a locality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 691 people lived there. The locality is bimunicipal. That means it spans across the borderlines of two municipalities (Härnösand Municipality and Kramfors Municipality).

Ramvik was the home of Swedish politician Thorbjörn Fälldin.

Högsjö

Högsjö is a locality in Vingåker Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 713 people lived there.

Marma

Marma is a locality in Älvkarleby Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 298 people lived there.

Ås, Krokom Municipality

Ås (from Old Norse "áss" 'ridge') is a locality in Krokom Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,218 people lived there.

Ryd

Ryd is a locality in Tingsryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,415 people lived there.

Viskafors

Viskafors is a locality in Borås Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,790 people lived there.

Väckelsång

Väckelsång is a locality in Tingsryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 905 people lived there.

Brian Leetch

Brian Joseph Leetch (born January 18, 1961) is an American retired professional ice hockey defenseman. He played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the New York Rangers, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Boston Bruins.

He was the winner of the James Norris Memorial Trophy in 1992 and 1997. He won the Stanley Cup with the Rangers in 1994. He also won the Conn Smythe Trophy, becoming the first American-born player to win the trophy. He won the silver medal with U.S. ice hockey team at the 2002 Winter Olympics.

He was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame with his Rangers teammate Mike Richter in 2008. He was also inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame during his first year of eligibility in 2009.


Stöde

Stöde is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 572 people lived there.

Njurundabommen

Njurundabommen is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,983 people lived there.

Docksta

Docksta is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 378 people lived there.


Bollstabruk

Bollstabruk is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1 871 people lived there.

Lugnvik

Lugnvik is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 349 people lived there.

Nyland

Nyland is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 903 people lived there.

Frånö

Frånö is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 640 people lived there.

Lunde

Lunde is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 399 people lived there.

Sandslån

Sandslån is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 272 people lived there.

Julia Archibald Holmes

Julia Anna Archibald Holmes (February 15, 1838 – January 19, 1887) was a Canadian-American suffragist, abolitionist, mountaineer and journalist. She was the first woman to climb Pikes Peak.

Stockholm metro

The Stockholm metro () is a metro system in Stockholm in Sweden. The first line was opened in 1950. However, underground trams had been used since 1933. The system has 100 stations in use, 47 of them are underground and 53 above ground. There are three lines (Green, Red and Blue) travelling through Central Stockholm. In the year of 2013 the Stockholm metro cars totally carried 328 million passengers inside. It corresponds to approximately 898,630 passengers per day.

The long metro system is owned by the Stockholm County Council through Storstockholms Lokaltrafik (SL). The operation is currently contracted to MTR Corporation.

The Stockholm metro system has been referred to as the"world's longest art gallery", with more over 90 of the network's 100 stations being decorated with various works of art.


Ringwoodite

Ringwoodite is a mineral. It is a type of olivine which is formed at high temperatures and pressures in the Earth's mantle between 525 and 660 km deep. Olivine is a magnesium iron silicate. This mineral was first identified in a meteorite in 1969. It may be present in large quantity in the Earth’s mantle.

Ringwoodite is notable because to contains hydroxide ions (oxygen and hydrogen atoms bound together) in its structure. This suggests that there is from one to three times the world ocean's equivalent of water in the mantle's transition zone from 410 to 660 km deep.

Roger Kitter

Roger Kitter (20 October 1949 – 3 January 2015) was a British actor. He was known for his role as "'Allo 'Allo!". In September 2009, he became Chairman of the Entertainment Artistes' Benevolent Fund.

Kitter died from cancer in London of cancer of unknown primary origin at the age of 65.

Fungi imperfecti

The fungi imperfecti or imperfect fungi, also known as Deuteromycota, is a type of fungi. It is "not" a taxonomic category: they are linked only by their asexuality. The taxonomy of fungi is either based on morphological characteristics (what they look like), or that of biological species. Fungi imperfecti do not fit well into these schemes. 

Deueromycota literally means "second fungi", and was once a phylum within the fungi. The fungi in deuteromycota reproduce asexually, or vegetatively: "sexual reproduction has never been observed in these species". The term is now used only informally for species of fungi that are asexually reproducing members of the fungal phyla Ascomycota and Basidiomycota.

There are about 25,000 species that have been classified in the deuteromycota and many are basidiomycota or ascomycota. Fungi producing the antibiotic penicillin and those that cause athlete's foot and yeast infections are imperfect fungi. In addition, there are a number of edible imperfect fungi, including the ones that provide the distinctive characteristics of Roquefort and Camembert cheese. Some fungi which are used to develop immunosuppressant drugs, are imperfect fungi. Other imperfect fungi are used for insect pest control. 
Other, more informal, names besides Deuteromycota ("Deuteromycetes") and fungi imperfecti, are anamorphic fungi, or mitosporic fungi. None of these names are terms of taxonomic rank. They are convenience terms.

Danny Dunton

Dennis Clifford "Danny" Dunton (13 May 1924 – 2 January 2015) was an English international motorcycle speedway rider and promoter. He reached the final of the Speedway World Championship in 1950, achieving 12th place with 5 points. As well as riding, Danny promoted Peterborough Panthers and co-promoted Oxford Cheetahs, then Oxford Rebels and finally White City Rebels. Dunton was born in Cholesbury, Buckinghamshire.

Dunton died after a long illness on 2 January 2015, aged 90.


Sundby

Sundby is a locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 270 people lived there.

Liden

Liden is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 254 people lived there. The locality is near the Indalen River. The locality is located circa 50& kilometers (road 86) northwest of the town of Sundsvall.

Strömsnäsbruk

Strömsnäsbruk is a locality in Markaryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,066 people lived there.

Concealed weapon

A concealed weapon is a dangerous weapon that is hidden from view. It can also be a dangerous weapon under a person's control that is not readily visible. The term is most often applied to handguns. A dangerous weapon is any weapon that can inflict death or serious injury on another person. Various jurisdictions define what a dangerous weapon is. Carrying a concealed weapon is illegal as defined by laws of many states, provinces, and countries. The usual exceptions are law enforcement officers and members of the military who carry weapons as part of their jobs. Many jurisdictions may issue concealed weapons permits (also called concealed carry permits) giving individuals permission to carry a concealed weapon within their jurisdiction.

Carrying a concealed weapon (CCW) is the practice of carrying a handgun out of sight, hidden somewhere on a person's body. CCW is regulated by the states in the US. The laws vary, sometimes considerably, from state to state. As of 2015, most states grant licenses to carry handguns on a "Shall-Issue" basis to qualified applicants. Shall-Issue means the jurisdiction issuing the license must issue the license to anyone who is not otherwise prevented from owning a firearm. "May-Issue" allows the jurisdiction to decide on a case-by-case basis who may be issued a license. A few states are may-issue states, while seven states allow the carrying of firearms in a concealed manner without a permit (called Constitutional-carry). 

Gun laws vary considerably around the world. The larger majority of countries heavily restrict or do not allow citizens to carry firearms. 

Penalties for carrying a concealed weapon in the US without a permit can vary by jurisdiction. In some cases it is a misdemeanor but more often it is considered a felony. In Canada CCW is illegal but permitted under rare circumstances. 

In Mexico civilians cannot own guns since it has been illegal since 1968. However, most Mexicans own guns, even fully automatic weapons. In South Africa there are about 6 million licensed handgun owners. There is also a very large backlog of those applying for a license. Illegal guns can be easily bought off the streets. About 2,000 guns are stolen per month from licensed owners making it the largest source of illegal guns.

Ron Hovey

Ron Hovey (25 August 1932 – 6 January 2015) was an Australian rules footballer. He played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from 1951 until 1960. He later served as the President of Geelong Football Club from 1988 until 1998. Two of his brothers, Ced and Jim, also played league football for Geelong.

Hovey died on 6 January 2015 at the age of 82.

Kenneth Mapp

Kenneth E. Mapp (born November 2, 1955) is an American politician. He was the 29th Governor of the United States Virgin Islands from 2015 to 2019. He is a registered Republican, but ran as an independent.

A former three term Virgin Islands Senator, Mapp served as the Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands from 1995 until 1999. Mapp was an independent candidate for Governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands in the 2010 gubernatorial election, but was defeated by John de Jongh.

He ran in the 2014 gubernatorial election for Governor of the United States Virgin Islands, defeating Donna Christian-Christensen, the longtime Delegate to Congress in a run-off.

Gina Raimondo

Gina Marie Raimondo (born May 17, 1971) is an American politician, businesswoman, and venture capitalist. She is a member of the Democratic Party. In 2021, she became the United States Secretary of Commerce under the Joe Biden administration.

In 2015, Raimondo became the 75th Governor of the State of Rhode Island. She is the first woman to be Governor of Rhode Island. She removed "Providence Plantations" from the name of the state in 2020. She removed it because plantations are related to slavery. Before that, she was the General Treasurer for the State of Rhode Island from 2011 through 2015.

On January 7, 2021, President-elect Joe Biden nominated Raimondo to serve as the United States Secretary of Commerce in his cabinet. Her nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 2, 2021 with a 84-15 vote.

Pete Ricketts

John Peter "Pete" Ricketts (born August 19, 1964) is an American politician and businessman who is the United States Senator from Nebraska since 2023. He was the 40th Governor of Nebraska from 2015 to 2023. He was the former Chief Operating Officer of Ameritrade.

He was the Republican nominee for the 2006 U.S. Senate race in Nebraska, which he lost to then incumbent Ben Nelson. He ran for Governor of Nebraska in the 2014 election, this time defeating the Democratic nominee, Chuck Hassebrook. He was inaugurated as Governor in January 2015.

In January 2023, Governor Jim Pillen picked Ricketts to the U.S. Senate to fill the vacancy left by the resignation of Ben Sasse.

Charlie Baker

Charles Duane "Charlie" Baker, Jr. (born November 13, 1956) is an American businessman and politician. Since March 1, 2023, he has been president of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). Baker was the 72nd Governor of Massachusetts, serving from 2015 to 2023. He was a cabinet official under two Massachusetts governors, spent ten years as CEO of Harvard Pilgrim Health Care. He was also the Republican nominee for Governor of Massachusetts in his unsuccessful bid in 2010.

Doug Ducey

Douglas A. "Doug" Ducey (born April 9, 1964) is an American politician. He was the 23rd Governor of the U.S. State of Arizona. He is a member of the Republican Party, and was sworn in as Governor on January 5, 2015. He also served as the 32nd State Treasurer of Arizona.

Susan Howard

Jeri Lynn Mooney (born January 28, 1944), also known as Susan Howard, is an American actress and writer. She works in both movies and television series. She played Maggie in "Petrocelli". She played Donna in "Dallas" from 1979 to 1987. In "The Love Boat", she played Cynthia.

Mooney was born in Marshall, Texas.

Lance Percival

John Lancelot Blades Percival, known as Lance Percival (26 July 1933 – 6 January 2015), was an English actor, comedian and after-dinner speaker. He was known for making the voices of Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr in the animated series "The Beatles".

Percival died in January 2015, aged 81. He will be cremated at Putney Vale Cemetery on 20 January 2015.


Marshall, Texas

Marshall is a city in northeastern Texas. At the 2020 census, 23,392 people lived there.

Samuel Goldwyn Jr.

Samuel Goldwyn, Jr. (September 7, 1926 – January 9, 2015) is an American movie producer. His best known movies were "Mystic Pizza" (1988), "" (2003), and "The Secret Life of Walter Mitty" (2013).

Goldwyn was born in Los Angeles, California. He was the son of actress Frances Howard and the pioneer motion picture mogul Samuel Goldwyn. He attended Fountain Valley School in Colorado Springs, Colorado and the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Virginia. He served in World War II. He was married twice and had six children including Tony Goldwyn and John Goldwyn.

Goldwyn died from congestive heart failure on January 9, 2015 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. He was 88.

Imre Kertész

Imre Kertész (9 November 1929 – 31 March 2016) was a Hungarian author. He was a Holocaust concentration camp survivor. He wrote his autobiographical roman "fatelessness". In 2002, he won the Nobel Prize in Literature, "for writing that upholds the fragile experience of the individual against the barbaric arbitrariness of history". He was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Kertész died in Budapest, Hungary from complications of Parkinson's disease on 31 March 2016, aged 86.


Kosta

Kosta is a locality in Lessebo Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. There were 884 people living in 2010. The locality is located between the towns of Kalmar and Växjö. Kosta is known for the glassworks Kosta glasbruk.

Hovmantorp

Hovmantorp is a locality in Lessebo Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,991 people lived in the locality.

Mark Burnett

Mark Burnett (born 17 July 1960) is a television producer based in Los Angeles. He was born in London and raised in Dagenham. He has been married to the actress Roma Downey since 2007.

Burnett has produced shows including "Survivor", "The Voice", "The Celebrity Apprentice", "The Apprentice", "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?", and "The Contender".

Haga Church

The Haga Church () is an church building in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to Gothenburg Haga Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on Advent Sunday, 27 November, 1859.


The Voice (TV series)

The Voice is a singing competition created in the Netherlands by producer John de Mol and singer Roel van Velzen. The show is now a franchise with countries across the globe hosting their own version. The show first aired on 17 September 2010.

The way The Voice works is different in some countries, but most retain these rounds and rules. Kids versions are made as well. Almost anyone 8 and up can apply to be on the show. However, only contestants that are teenagers and up can apply to compete on the show where adults compete.

Note: Contestant & Artist mean the same thing.

A certain number of contestants perform, hoping to impress the coaches. The contestant(s) pick(s) a song to perform, and the judges listen to the contestant blindly, only judging their voice because they are turned away from the contestant, to avoid bias against certain people. If a coach likes a contestant's voice enough, the coach can press their button and they will turn around and see who the contestant is. The contestant does not stop performing until their song is over. If more than one coach turns, the contestant gets to decide which coach they would like to work with. If only one coach turns, the contestant just goes on their team after talking about the performance. If no coaches turn, the contestant is eliminated. Although the coaches do give advice to all contestants that perform. Once a coach's team has a certain number of artists, they may no longer add artists to their team. 

The block is a feature that prevents another coach from getting an artist. If a coach blocks, they must press their block button for that contestant, hit their button to turn around and see the contestant, and finally turn around before the coach they decide to block turns around. Only one block can be performed per performance. If a coach tries to block an artist that is already blocked, their block will not work. 

In the battles, coaches decide to pair two artists from their team against each other, performing the same song in a "boxing ring" type arena. The paired artists train together with their coach to improve upon their skills. Each sings a different parts of a song, relay style. The artists perform at the same time in the battles. Once the song is over and the coaches make their comments, it is up to the contestant's coach to decide who is the winner of the battle. The winner advances to the knockouts. Coaches have saves and steals which they can use to save an artist on their team, or steal one from another team. However, these are limited. 

In the knockouts, the remaining artists once again battle each other, however this time they work individually with their coach. Also, each artist performs their own song and they do not sing at the same time. Like the battles,Once the song is over and the coaches make their comments, it is up to the contestant's coach to decide who is the winner of the battle. The winner advances to the Live shows. Coaches usually only have steals in this round which they can steal an artist from another team. However, these are limited. 

Finally, The remaining artists give final performances. A certain number of contestants stay while the rest are eliminated. Winners are often picked by letting the viewers in the country decide who should win and who should be eliminated until only 1 contestant remains. They are declared the winner. The winner and their coach and artist celebrate with the host, and they may win a cash prize and some random prize(Usually associated with music). Some seasons feature the Instant Save.

In alphabetical order by name:


Ytterhogdal

Ytterhogdal is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 534 people lived in the locality.

Norr-Hede

Norr-Hede is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 261 people lived there.

Ulvkälla

Ulvkälla is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 456 people lived here.

Closure (mathematics)

In mathematics, closure describes the case when the results of a mathematical operation are always defined. For example, in ordinary arithmetic, addition on real numbers has closure: whenever one adds two numbers, the answer is a number. The same is true of multiplication. Division does "not" have closure, because division by 0 is not defined. In the natural numbers, subtraction does not have closure, but in the integers, subtraction does have closure. Subtraction of two numbers can produce a negative number, which is not a natural number, but is an integer.

One can sometimes make closure of a mathematical object by including new elements to it. The integers are a closure of the natural numbers by including negative numbers. The real numbers are a closure of the rational numbers by including square roots of positive numbers. The complex numbers are a closure of the real numbers by including square roots of negative numbers. Since every non-zero polynomial has a root in the complex numbers, the complex numbers are also the algebraic closure of the real numbers. One can express this relationship as formula_1.

Sometimes, if one includes an element to make closure, it makes more changes. For example, if one includes infinity, formula_2 (that is, closure of division), the laws of addition and subtraction are changed. There is no inversion of addition for formula_3.

Ordinary closure is called finite closure. There is also infinite closure. The definition of a topological space mentions infinite closure. Open spaces have (finite) closure of intersection. Open sets have infinite closure of union. That is, in mathematical notation, if A, and A and ... A ... are open sets, then B and C are open sets:


In point-set topology, given a set "S", the set containing all points of "S" along with its limit points is called the topological closure of "S". This is sometimes written as formula_6. The closure of "S" is also the smallest closed set containing "S".


Asus

ASUSTeK Computer Inc., usually referred to as Asus, is a computer hardware and electronics company. It was founded in Taipei in 1989 by T.H. Tung, Ted Hsu, Wayne Hsieh and M.T. Liao. Asus is the world's fifth-largest PC vendor by 2013 unit sales (after Lenovo, Hewlett-Packard, Dell and Acer).

The name "Asus" originates from "Pegasus", the winged horse of Greek mythology.

Asus' products include laptops, tablet computers, desktop computers, mobile phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs), servers, computer monitors, motherboards, graphics cards, sound cards, optical disc drives, computer networking devices, computer cases, computer components and computer cooling systems.

"Republic of Gamers" is a brand used by Asus since 2006, encompassing a range of computer hardware, personal computers, peripherals, and accessories oriented primarily toward PC gaming. The line includes both desktops and high-spec laptops.

Acer Inc.

Acer Inc. is a Taiwanese multinational hardware and electronics corporation headquartered in Xizhi, New Taipei City, Taiwan.

In 2013 Acer was the fourth largest personal computer vendor in the world.
















Feza Gürsey

Feza Gürsey (April 7, 1921 – April 13, 1992) was a Turkish mathematician and physicist. Among his most prominent contributions to theoretical physics, his works on the Chiral model and on SU(6) are most popular.



The Feza Gürsey Institute in Istanbul and Feza Gürsey Science Center in Ankara are named in his honor.



Herding

Herding is the act of bringing individual animals together into a group (herd). It is maintaining the group and moving the group from place to place. Many thousands of years ago herding became a way of life for many nomadic people. Today it is still a necessity for farmers, ranchers and those who raise domestic animals.

Some animals instinctively gather together as a herd. A group of animals fleeing a predator will herd together for . Some predators, such as wolves and dogs, have instinctive herding abilities that come from primitive hunting instincts. But there can be a fine line between chasing and herding. Dogs that show basic herding instincts can be trained to compete in herding and stock dog trials. It's a sport that dogs and their owners can enjoy together.

Herding is used in agriculture to manage domesticated animals. Herding can be performed by people or dogs trained to control the movement of livestock under the direction of a person. Animals such as cattle, sheep and goats are commonly herded by humans and dogs. Also herd dogs may be used to gather and herd turkey, geese, ducks and chickens.

Originally dogs were used to both herd and guard domestic animals. Over time dogs were bred to specialize in one or the other. Herd guardians or guard dogs became the 24-hour protector of the flock. Herd dogs were developed to keep the herd together. Herding dogs are critical to Australian and British sheep farms. 

Herding dog breeds are typically intelligent, all-work and full of energy.

People who work with agricultural animals have different occupational names. This is based on the type of animal they work with or names that vary by country.

Continental AG

Continental AG, commonly known as Continental or colloquially as Conti, is a leading German automotive manufacturing company specializing in tires, brake systems, automotive safety, powertrain and chassis components, tachographs, and other parts for the automotive and transportation industries. Continental is based in Hanover, Lower Saxony, Germany.

Continental was founded in 1871 as a rubber manufacturer, "Continental-Caoutchouc und Gutta-Percha Compagnie".

Continental is the world's 4th largest tire manufacturer.

The company's revenue in 2010 increased by 23.5% to 3449 million dollars.


The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Sweden

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Sweden () is part of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has been around in Sweden since 1850. It's headquarters are the Stockholm Sweden Temple. The Stockholm Sweden Temple is located in Västerhaninge.


Church of Sweden Youth

The Church of Sweden Youth () is the children's and youth group of the Church of Sweden. It was created on 1 January 1993. The Church of Sweden Youth was created after several christian youth groups had come together to form it.

In 2013 there were 13,000 members of various ages.

The come-together of the former youth groups was proposed in 1964.

Following people have been chairpersons.



David Hewlett

David Ian Hewlett (18 April 1968) He is an English-Canadian actor, writer and director. He is best known for his role as Dr. Meredith Rodney McKay on the science fiction TV shows "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universe".
Hewlett was born in Redhill, Surrey, UK. He moved to Canada when he was a child.

Jehovah's Witnesses in Sweden

The Jehovah’s Witnesses in Sweden () is part of the international Jehovah's Witnesses religion. It has been around in Sweden since 1909. In the past, its headquarters were in Arboga. Later, the headquarters were moved to Denmark in 2012.


Karin Söder

Karin Ann-Marie Söder (30 November 1928 – 19 December 2015) was a Swedish Centre Party politician. She was a member of the Swedish cabinet between 1976-1978 and again in 1979. She was the first female leader of a major political party in Sweden. She also was of the first female foreign ministers in the world. She also worked successful for Systembolaget not being opened on Saturdays.

Roy Tarpley

Roy James Tarpley (November 28, 1964 – January 9, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. He played the power forward and center positions, earning an NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award in 1988. Tarpley became known during his career for being banned from the NBA because of his drug and alcohol abuse. He had some success playing in Europe.

Tarpley was born in New York City and died in Arlington, Texas.

Robert V. Keeley

Robert Vossler Keeley (September 4, 1929 – January 9, 2015) was an American politician. He served in Foreign Service of the United States, from 1956 to 1989. He served three times as Ambassador: to Greece (1985–89), Zimbabwe (1980–84), and Mauritius (1976–78). In 1978–80 he was Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs, in charge of southern and eastern Africa.

Keeley was born in Beirut, French Lebanon to American parents. He died in Washington, D.C. from a stroke at the age of 85.

Honda Pilot

The Honda Pilot is a mid-sized four-door crossover utility vehicle made by Honda. It was first made in 2002 as a 2003 model. The vehicle replaced Honda's compact SUV, the Passport, which was actually a rebadged Isuzu Rodeo. The Pilot is built on the Accord platform, which also underpins the Odyssey minivan and the Ridgeline pickup truck.

The vehicle was redesigned in 2009. It has three rows of seats. The vehicle has limited off-road capability but does allow wading through nineteen inches of water. The Pilot was Honda's largest crossover up until the introduction of the Crosstour, a station wagon based SUV built on the Accord platform. While it is longer than the Pilot it doesn't allow seating for 7-8 passengers.

The Pilot has been compared with other crossover cars and sport utility vehicles.

The Pilot was redesigned in 2015 for the 2016 model year. It no longer has a boxy crossover look. It now looks more like the Honda Odyssey. Its 6-cylinder engine is now more powerful and mated to 6- and 9-speed automatic transmissions.


Junior Malanda

Bernard Malanda-Adje (28 August 1994 – 10 January 2015), nicknamed Junior Malanda, was a Belgian professional footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga. 

He was born in Brussels, Belgium.

Malanda died in a car accident in Porta Westfalica, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany at the age of 20.

Hubert Markl

Hubert Simon Markl (17 August 1938 – 8 January 2015) was a German biologist. He also served as President of the Max Planck Society from 1996 to 2002.


Ettore Scola

Ettore Scola (10 May 1931 – 19 January 2016) was an Italian screenwriter and movie director. He was known for his movies "A Special Day" (1977), "That Night In Varennes" (1982), "What Time Is It?" (1989) and "Captain Fracassa's Journey" (1990).

Scola died at a hospital in Rome, Italy from pneumonia on 19 January 2016 at the age of 84.

Costa-Gavras

Costa-Gavras (short for Konstantinos Gavras - Κωνσταντίνος Γαβράς; born 12 February 1933) is a Greek-French director, screenwriter, and producer. He is known for movies "Missing" (1982), "Hannah K." (1983), "Betrayed" (1988), "Music Box" (1989), "Mad City" (1997) and "Amen." (2002).


Michael Cacoyannis

Michael Cacoyannis (, "Michalis Kakogiannis"; 11 June 192225 July 2011) was a Cypriot-Greek director, producer, and screenwriter. He was best known for his 1964 movie "Zorba the Greek".


The Holmes Brothers

The Holmes Brothers was a musical trio originally from Christchurch, Virginia. They perform blues, soul, gospel, country, and rhythm & blues music. Its members include Sherman Holmes, Popsy Dixon and Wendell Holmes.

They began playing in 1979. They were influenced by B.B. King. They have released twelve studio albums, with three reaching the top 5 on the Billboard Blues Albums chart. They have gained a following by playing regularly at summer folk, blues, gospel, and jazz festivals. Members are brothers Wendell and Sherman Holmes with drummer Popsy Dixon.

As of 2015, Sherman Holmes resides in Saluda, VA and is the last surviving member of the band. Popsy Dixon died of bladder cancer on January 9, 2015. A few months later, Wendell Holmes died on June 19, 2015 from a pulmonary embolism.

Spencer Gulf

The Spencer Gulf is the westernmost of two large inlets on the southern coast of Australia. It is in the state of South Australia facing the Great Australian Bight. The Gulf is 322 km (200 mi) long and 129 km (80 mi) wide at its mouth. The western shore of the Gulf is the Eyre Peninsula. The eastern side is the Yorke Peninsula which separates it from the smaller Gulf St Vincent. Its entrance was defined by Matthew Flinders as a line from Cape Catastrophe on Eyre Peninsula to Cape Spencer on Yorke Peninsula.

 

Peter Weller

Peter Frederick Weller, Ph.D. (born June 24, 1947) is an American movie director, actor and educator. He is known for his role as RoboCop in "RoboCop" and "RoboCop 2".


Bruce Greenwood

Bruce Stuart Greenwood (born August 12, 1956) is a Canadian actor and musician. He is known for his roles as U.S. presidents in "Thirteen Days" and "", Ben Stevenson in "Mao's Last Dancer" and for his role as Captain Christopher Pike in the 2009 "Star Trek" movie and its sequel, "Star Trek Into Darkness".


Michael Parks

Michael Parks (born Harry Samuel Parks; April 24, 1940 – May 9, 2017) was an American actor and singer. He was known for his roles in "Kill Bill" and in "Django Unchained".

Parks died on May 10, 2017 in Los Angeles at the age of 77.

James Remar

William James Remar (born December 31, 1953), known professionally as James Remar, is an American actor and voice actor. He is known for his roles in "Sex and the City", "The Warriors", "48 Hrs.", "The Cotton Club", "", "Vampire Diaries", and in "Dexter".

Dennis Christopher

Dennis Christopher (born Dennis Carrelli; December 2, 1950 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American movie actor. He is known for his roles in "Breaking Away", "It" and in "Fade to Black". He also appeared as Leonide Moguy in "Django Unchained".

Sophie Gengembre Anderson

Sophie Gengembre Anderson (1823 – 10 March 1903) was a French-born British artist. She created many paintings of children and women. Her work "Elaine" was the first public collection of a female artist.

Anderson also painted "No Walk Today" and many other paintings.

She was born in Paris, France. She died in Falmouth, England.

European turtle dove

The European turtle dove (also known as turtle dove) is a member of the Dove bird family. They are smaller than many other doves.

The turtle dove is native to Europe, Asia and Africa.

Turtle doves are talked about in the song "The Twelve Days of Christmas".

There aren't as many of these birds in Europe as there used to be.

Daytona International Speedway

The Daytona International Speedway is a race track in Daytona Beach, Florida. It is where the two exhibition races, the Advance Auto Parts Clash, Can-Am Duel, and the two points-paying races, the Daytona 500 and Coke Zero Sugar 400 is held. The track is also where the Rolex 24 at Daytona is held, and also two Xfinity Series races and one Camping World Truck Series race. 

Daytona speedway was built in 1959. Races had been held on the hard sandy beach since 1902. Racing on the beach ended in 1959 when Daytona International Speedway opened. Bill France, Jr. was behind the construction of the speedway. The first race was won by Lee Petty in a field of 59 cars. In 1962, the first major race on the road course was held. It was won by Grand Prix driver Dan Gurney driving a red Lotus. Near the end of the race and with a 2 minute lead, his engine failed. He coasted across the finish line to win.

By the 1960s, the sportscar race was made into a 24 hour race. This required multiple drivers for each car and involved a long period of racing at night. Both races grew in popularity in the 1970s and 80s. Today the Daytona 500 is an important race in NASCAR. The Rolex 24, which is named that because it is sponsored by the Rolex watch company, is an important endurance race.



Ehrenfried von Tschirnhaus

Ehrenfried Walther von Tschirnhaus (or Tschirnhausen) (10 April 1651 – 11 October 1708) was a German mathematician, physicist, doctor, and philosopher. 

Late in the seventeenth century, he was charged with making a survey of the minerals of Saxony. He had a government position there. He and his assistant, Johann Friedrich Böttger, discovered how to make porcelain. 
Before that, it had only been made in Asia.

Tschirnhaus's work in mathematics is remembered in the Tschirnhaus transformation. It removed some intermediate terms from a given algebraic equation. He is also remembered in the Tschirnhausen cubic.

His work in physics included work in optics. Working with Martin Knorr, he developed an improved polishing technique. This was used in the lenses and mirrors he made. He made burning glasses of high quality. He used these in experiments.

Hank Flamingo

Hank Flamingo was an American country music group. It formed in 1988.


Robert Stone (novelist)

Robert Stone (August 21, 1937 – January 10, 2015) was an American novelist and journalist. He won the National Book Award for Fiction in 1975 for his novel "Dog Soldiers". He was also twice a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize and once for the PEN/Faulkner Awards.

Stone was born in Brooklyn, New York. He was raised by his mother, who suffered from schizophrenia, until the age of six and was later raised in a Catholic orphanage. As a result of chain smoking, he had emphysema.

Stone died from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on January 10, 2015 in Key West, Florida, aged 77.

Taylor Negron

Brad Stephen "Taylor" Negron (August 1, 1957 – January 10, 2015) was an American writer, actor, painter, and stand-up comedian. His best known movies were "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" (1982), "The Last Boy Scout" (1991), "Angels in the Outfield" (1994), "Bio-Dome" (1996), and "Stuart Little" (1999). He appeared in television shows such as "Wizards of Waverly Place", "Fresh Prince of Bel Air", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "Reno 911", "Friends", "My Wife and Kids", "Seinfeld", "ER", and "Party of Five".

Negron was born in Glendale, California. He grew up in La Cañada Flintridge, California. He was of Puerto Rican ancestry. He was also the cousin of singer Chuck Negron. He was openly gay.

Negron died from liver cancer on January 10, 2015 in Los Angeles. He was 57.


Bruzaholm

Bruzaholm is a locality in Eksjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 250 people lived there. Bruzaholm is one of two inhabited localities in Sweden (2010) whose name contain the letter z.

Mariannelund

Mariannelund is a locality in Eksjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,468 people lived there. Mariannelund appears as a place of setting for many of the stories of Swedish writer Astrid Lindgren's books "Emil i Lönneberga".

Hjältevad

Hjältevad is a locality in Eksjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 335 people lived there.

Hult

Hult is a locality in Eksjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 455 people lived there. Swedish writer Albert Engström grew up in Hult.

Ingatorp

Ingatorp is a locality in Eksjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 453 people lived there.

Chen Ning Yang

Chen-Ning Franklin Yang (born October 1, 1922), also known as Yang Zhenning, is a Chinese-born American physicist and mathematician. He works on statistical mechanics and particle physics. Yang and Tsung-dao Lee received the 1957 Nobel prize in physics. This was for their work on parity nonconservation of weak interaction.


Frösön

Frösön (Frey's island; ; "fɾøːsœʏːa" in the local dialect, Jamtlandic) is the largest island in the lake of Storsjön. It is located west of the town of Östersund in Sweden, Sweden. On the island is the "Frösö Runestone". That Runestone is dated from 1030-1050 AD.

The Swedish composer Wilhelm Peterson-Berger had a summerhouse on the island. In 1930, he made it his permanent home.

Outlaws (band)

The Outlaws is an American country rock band formed in 1972. They are a Southern rock/country rock band. Some of their best known hits were "There Goes Another Love Song" (1975), "Green Grass and High Tides" (1975) and "Ghost Riders In The Sky".

Like other southern rock bands, the Outlaws used two lead guitars. However, the Outlaws’ used three and four part vocal harmonies which made them different from other southern rock bands who usually had a single lead singer.

Over the years there has been many changes in the band's members. The current lineup includes Henry Paul and Monte Yoho who were original band members. The other three original members - Hughie Thomasson, Billy Jones and Frank O'Keefe - have all died.








Hawaiian Airlines

Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. is Hawai'i's largest airline and the eighth largest airline in the United States. The airline's name comes from its headquarters, which are in Honolulu, Hawaii. The airline flies between the major Hawaiian islands. These are Kaua'i, O'ahu, Moloka'i, Maui, Lanai, and the Big Island of Hawai'i. Hawaiian also flies to more distant locations, such as the U.S. mainland, Japan, Korea, and Australia. These flights arrive and depart from Oahu and Maui.

Hawaiian is the oldest U.S. airline without a fatal accident. It is also the oldest U.S. airline that has never had a plane destroyed or damaged beyond repair.

Hawaiian was incorporated as Inter-Island Airways on January 30, 1929. It gave sightseeing tours over Oahu. On November 11, 1929, it began flying between Honolulu and Hilo. Inter-Island began flying two Sikorsky S-38 amphibious flying boat. Each carried eight passengers. They added larger Sikorsky S-43s six years later for more passengers and mail service.

In 1941 Inter-Island Airways Ltd. changed its name to Hawaiian Airlines. In 1966, Hawaiian started using jets to fly between the islands. The jets were much faster and quieter than the propeller planes it was using. In 1984, Hawaiian began flying between Honolulu and the South Pacific. It also started flying between Honolulu and the U.S. West Coast.

In 1966, Hawaiian added all-jet aircraft, the McDonnell Douglas DC-9. Flying time between islands was reduced to 20–30 minutes. In 2002-03, Hawaiian replaced its planes with better ones. The new planes used less fuel to fly the same distances. It also changed the design on the tails of its planes. The airline also started flying to more locations. Today it flies approximately 212 flights a day.



Grimsås

Grimsås is a locality in Tranemo Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 721 people lived there.

Önnestad

Önnestad is a locality in Kristianstad Municipality, in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,378 people lived there.

Väderstad

Väderstad is a locality in Mjölby Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 583 people lived there.

Mjällby

Mjällby is a locality in Sölvesborg Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,254 people lived there. Mjällby is in the Listerlandet peninsula.

Swedish Free Church Council

The Swedish Free Church Council () is an association of free churches in Sweden. The association is part of the Christian Council of Sweden (). The Swedish Free Church Council was established in 1992.

Following denominations are members.


Livets ord

Livets ord, literally "Word of Life", is a congregation within the Swedish Word of Faith movement. It was founded in Uppsala by Ulf Ekman on 24 May 1983. Ulf Ekman left in March 2014 to join the Roman Catholic Church. Between 1994 and 2014 the congregation ran its own seminary.


Örebro Mission

The Örebro Mission () was a Protestant denomination in Sweden. It was founded in the town of Örebro in 1892 It was part of the Baptist Union of Sweden until 1936. In 1997 the denomination became part of the Evangelical Free Church in Sweden.

Mia Marianne och Per Filip

Mia Marianne och Per Filip is a Swedish Christian music duo consisting of Mia Marianne Waldenstad and Per Filip Waldenstad. The duo has scored album chart successes in Sweden.

Lisbet Jagedal

Lisbet Jagedal, born 17 July 1964, is a Swedish singer who participated at Melodifestivalen 1990 with the song "Varje natt". The song ended up third in that contest.

She has also scored Svensktoppen hits as a solo singer with the song "Varje natt" (1990) Also she has scored hits as together with Pools orkester. The song "Du har det där" charted in 1993 In 1994, the song "För varje andetag" charted.

Pools orkester

Pools orkester was a dansband from Sweden. The band scored successes by the early 1990s. That was when Lisbet Jagedal used to sing with the band.



Without Me

"Without Me" is the first single off American rapper Eminem's fourth studio album "The Eminem Show". The song was released in May 13, 2002. 

"Without Me" is one of Eminem's most popular songs. It was able to peak at #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. 

In 2003, the song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Record of the Year at the 45th Annual Grammy Awards but it lost to "Don't Know Why" by the Norah Jones. This made was the first song by Eminem to be nominated for a Grammy in a major category. The song was also nominated for Best Male Rap Solo Performance but lost to Nelly's "Hot in Herre". The music video for the song won the Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video.


Triad (band)

Triad was a Swedish pop trio. The trio consisted of Janne Bark, Lasse Lindbom and Niklas Strömstedt. They mostly became famous for scoring a 1987-1988 Swedish number-one single hit with the Christmas song "Tänd ett ljus"


Brigadier

Brigadier is an army rank, the seniority of which depends on the country. In the British tradition, this officer commands a brigade, which is one-third of a division. As well as the British Army and the Royal Marines, this also applies to the Australian Army, the Indian Army, the New Zealand Army and the Pakistan Army. The rank is above Colonel and below Major-General. The badge on the uniform is three pips with a national symbol on top.

In other countries it is a non-commissioned rank (e.g. Spain, Italy, France, the Netherlands). Instead, these countries use Brigadier general as equivalent. All NATO forces use OF-6 as the equivalent rank.

Åsa Jinder

Åsa Tindra Jinder Otter, born 9 October 1963 in Danderyd, Sweden, is a Swedish nyckelharpa player, composer, producer, songwriter, author and lecturer. She has scored chart successes at the Swedish album chart.


CajsaStina Åkerström

Cajsa Stina (CajsaStina) Åkerström, born 16 August 1967 in Stockholm, Sweden, is a Swedish singer, songwriter and author. She is the daughter of singer Fred Åkerström.

She participated at Melodifestivalen 2014 in the third semifinal. Her song was called "En enkel sång".


The Way I Am

"The Way I Am" is the second single off American rapper Eminem's third studio album "The Marshall Mathers LP". The song was released in December 27, 2000. The song is also featured on his 2005 greatest hits album "".

"The Way I Am" was able to peak at #58 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. 

The song features Eminem being angry at people who he feels are putting too much pressure on him. This includes obsessive fans and record executives. The song contains the lyrics "When a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his school...", which is a reference to either Eric Harris or Dylan Klebold, the two students that committed the Columbine High School massacre which took place the year before. The song was remixed by Danny Lohner featuring Marilyn Manson, who has also performed the song with Eminem live on stage. In 2008, Eminem released an autobiography which was titled "The Way I Am".


Eva Dahlgren

Eva Charlotte Dahlgren ( in English; born 9 June 1960 in Umeå, Sweden) is a Swedish pop singer and songwriter.




Molly Sandén

Molly Sandén (born July 3, 1992) is a Swedish pop and R&B singer, host and voice actress. She has scored chart successes in Sweden. Her sisters Frida and Mimmi Sandén are also singers.








Siv Pettersson

Siv Pettersson, born 3 March 1955 in Saint Matthew Parish, Stockholm, Sweden, dead 12 January 1975 in Eriksfält Parish, Malmö, Sweden was a Swedish singer. She scored a major 1972-1973 Christmas hit with the song "Låt mig få tända ett ljus (Schlafe, mein Prinzchen, schlaf' ein)". In 1974 she socred aa minor success with Evert Taube's song "Så länge skutan kan gå". She died in a road accident.




Hit 'Em Up

"Hit 'Em Up" is a diss song by rapper 2Pac featuring his group the Outlawz. It was released on June 4, 1996. The song is the B-side for the song "How Do U Want It". It is from 2Pac's fourth studio album "All Eyez on Me".

The song attacks many East Coast rappers and mainly attacks 2Pac's former friend and rival The Notorious B.I.G.. The song was a big part in causing the rivalry between East Coast and West Coast hip hop to become worse. "Hit 'Em Up" is considered to be one of the greatest "diss songs" ever recorded because of the explicit lyrics and the seriousness of violent intent by 2Pac and his friends towards their rivals. 

Producer Johnny "J" said that Shakur was first fueled by his anger against Biggie and Bad Boy Records because he thought that they had a part in the November 30, 1994 attack on Shakur. Shakur was also angry at Biggie's release of another diss song "Who Shot Ya?" only months after the shooting happened. Even though it did not mention his name, Shakur believed that it was directed towards him. It was not. Shakur admitted that he had released "Hit 'Em Up" as a response to "Who Shot Ya?", almost two months after the 1994 attack.


McCulloch v. Maryland

McCulloch v. Maryland (1819) was a landmark decision by the Supreme Court of the United States. The US state of Maryland decided to tax all banknotes by banks not chartered by the state of Maryland. The only bank in Maryland at the time that did not have a state charter was the Second Bank of the United States. The bank was a branch of the federal bank established in 1816. 

The United States Constitution did not provide for judicial review of laws and court decisions. It was a power the US Supreme court assumed (took) for itself with its first landmark decision. In the decision "Marbury v. Madison" (1803) the court established its "power to say what the law is". The court gave itself the right to interpret the constitution.

In 1819 it was evident Maryland was targeting the US Bank. Most state banks resented the special privileges given to the US bank by Congress. The depression of 1818 was hurting state banks. The state charged a tax on the US Bank located in Baltimore. The branch manager was James McCulloch. He had refused to pay the state of Maryland $15,000 USD in taxes on the US Bank's currency. At that time states were battling with the Federal government over which had power over the other. Maryland sued James McCulloch. The state court upheld the decision he had to pay the tax. The court of appeals upheld the decision. McCulloch appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court in 1819.

There were two questions the court needed to decide. Did Congress have the power to charter a federal bank? The next question was did Maryland have the right to tax a branch of the federal government. Was this constitutional? The court ruled that the federal government did have the power to set up a federal bank. Also, that a state did not have the right to tax the federal government.

For the Second Bank of the United States, the decision was short-lived. In 1828 Andrew Jackson was elected President of the United States. It was a victory for states' rights. Jackson vetoed the bill to recharter the bank. But the Civil war effectively ended states rights. The constitutional changes that followed favored a strong federal government. In the 20th century, "McCulloch v. Maryland" was the basis for the federal government being strongly involved in the economy. It set the legal precedent that the federal law was more important than state law in all matters. 

Mauveine

Mauveine was also known as aniline purple and Perkin's mauve. It was the first synthetic organic chemical dye, discovered by accident in 1856.

In 1856, William Henry Perkin, then 18, was given a challenge by his professor to synthesize quinine. His professor, August Wilhelm von Hofmann, was the first director of the Royal College of Chemistry in London.

In one attempt, Perkin oxidized aniline using potassium dichromate. This failed, but cleaning the flask with alcohol, Perkin noticed the alcohol had turned purple.

The dye turned out to be suitable for silk and other textiles. It was patented by Perkin, who the next year opened a dyeworks mass-producing it at Greenford on the banks of the Grand Union Canal in London. 

It was originally called "aniline purple" or "Tyrian purple", the name of an ancient natural dye got from a mollusc. In 1859, the colour got the name "mauve" in England from the French name for the mallow flower, and chemists later called it "mauveine". By 1870, the huge demand dropped when other colours were launched in the synthetic dye industry. Mauvine was the first of many.

The structure of mauveine was not fully identified until 1994.

Chennai Express

Chennai Express is a 2013 romantic action comedy movie. It was directed by Rohit Shetty. It was produced by Red Chillies Entertainment.

The film received mixed reviews from critics and it broke several box office records in India and abroad, becoming the quickest film to collect net domestically. The film surpassed "3 Idiots" (2009) to become the highest-grossing Bollywood film worldwide at that point. It is the 22nd highest grossing Indian film of all time.

At the 59th Filmfare Awards, "Chennai Express" received 7 nominations, including Best Film, Best Director (Shetty), Best Actor (Khan) and Best Actress (Padukone).

Rahul's (Shah Rukh Khan) trip to fulfill his late grandfather's last wish turns into an unexpected adventure when he meets a unique young woman (Deepika Padukone) from southern India.



Rohit Shetty

Rohit Shetty is an Indian movie director. He has created a number of movies like the "Golmaal" films, "Singham", and more. His most successful movie has been "Chennai Express".

He was born to Ratna Shetty, a Bollywood junior artiste, and M. B. Shetty. He has four siblings.

Stockholm Sweden Temple

The Stockholm Sweden Temple () is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Sweden. It is located in Västerhaninge.

In April 1981 it was announced the temple would be built. It was opened on 2 July 1985.


Sofia Albertina Church

Sofia Albertina Church () a church building in Landskrona in Sweden. It belongs to the Landskrona Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened in 1788. However the two towers were not completed until 1816.

Amanda Tapping

Amanda Tapping (born 28 August 1965) is an English-Canadian actress, producer and director. She is best known for portraying Samantha Carter in the TV series Stargate SG-1. She also played Helen Magnus in Sanctuary.

Tapping was born in Rochford, Essex and moved to Ontario at age three. 


Angered

Angered is a locality in Gothenburg Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. It is located 12 kilometers north of the town of Gothenburg. In 2010, 950 people lived there.

Joely Richardson

Joely Richardson (born 9 January 1965) is an English actress. She played Margrete in "Shining Through". She also played Christine in "I'll Do Anything". She is the younger daughter of actress Vanessa Redgrave.

She was born in London, England.

Landmark decision

A Landmark decision, or Landmark court decision, establishes new precedents that establish a significant new legal principle or concept. Or it changes the interpretation of existing law. In Commonwealth countries, a reported decision is said to be a "leading decision". This is when it has come to be generally regarded as settling the law of the question involved. 

A landmark decision is "a most important case which has establish a law firmly in an area, usually referring to a U.S. Supreme Court case." A landmark decision may have either long-term or short-term significance. Politics, economics or other changes in society may reduce the effects of a landmark decision. A landmark decision is one that changes an entire area of the law during a period of time.

The United States Constitution did not provide for judicial review of laws and court decisions. It was a power the US Supreme court assumed (took) for itself with its first landmark decision. In the decision "Marbury v. Madison" (1803) the court established its "power to say what the law is". The court gave itself the right to interpret the constitution.

Primer (movie)

Primer is an American science fiction drama movie. It is about friends who accidentally discover a way to time travel. The movie was released in 2004.

Shane Carruth, who made the movie by himself, also plays the starring role, because he could not find anyone else to do it. Some of his family members and friends are also in it. The only actor he hired was David Sullivan.

"Primer" has a confusing plot. The dialogue is difficult to understand. Carruth decided not to make the language simpler for the audience. The movie won the Grand Jury Prize at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival. It then played in a small number of theatres in the United States. It is also available on DVD. It is now popular as a cult movie. People still talk and write about how to figure out the plot.

Four engineers, who are friends, work together during the day. At night, they run a side business from Aaron's (Shane Carruth) garage. With the money they make, they do research for their own inventions. Two drop out after an argument over what to work on next, leaving Aaron and Abe (David Sullivan).

Aaron and Abe work on a machine that will make an object weigh less. This would happen by changing the effects of gravity. The machine seems to work as planned, but it has a side effect. An object ( a Weeble) left in the machine uses 1300 times the amount of time the machine was turned on for. Abe thinks that objects inside the box travel over and over, from the time the box was turned on to the time it was turned off.

Abe secretly builds a machine large enough to put himself in. After using it to go back in time to earlier that morning, he proves how it works to Aaron. Abe and Aaron build another machine so they each will have one to travel in. Abe and Aaron start using the time machines to make money in the stock market. After a while, they get riskier with their travels and begin to try to change other events.

Thomas Granger is the father of Abe's girlfriend Rachel. Somehow he discovers that the time machines exist. He time travels, but because he does not do it correctly, he ends up in a coma. Aaron thinks that, at some unknown time in the future, Granger entered the box (for unknown reasons). This changed the timeline in bad ways. Abe is frightened by this and decides that time travel is too dangerous to keep doing. He tries to stop his past self from using the machine any more, so he won't get any bad effects. He uses a "failsafe" machine, which he had already built secretly and kept running in a hidden location. He travels back farther in time than his first trip (four days) and before he had told Aaron about time travel. He thinks this will repair any problems.

But, Aaron had found out about this failsafe box and used it to try to get control of the timelines for both of them. Meeting at a park bench, Aaron shows Abe that he has been using a recording to say their conversation from an earlier time to fool him. Aaron says he fought and was drugged by an earlier double (or copy) of himself, who used the failsafe to come back and make the recordings. This Aaron wants to travel back in time to undo the events of a party. A party crasher had tried to shoot Rachel Granger. Abe agrees to try to change the events of the party with Aaron. The two succeed, but it is not clear how many times of travelling back it takes.

Now, Abe and Aaron no longer trust each other, so their friendship is ruined. Aaron and Abe fight. Abe warns Aaron never to return or interfere with their doubles. Abe stays behind to continue to try to keep the original Abe and Aaron from ever using the machines for time travel. Aaron travels to France by air and begins to build a room-sized time machine with a group of workers there.

Carruth has a college degree in mathematics and worked as an engineer. While writing the dialogue, Carruth studied physics, so the conversations would sound real. He used the short phrases and jargon that scientists use when they are working. The time machine itself is a plain gray box. It has an electronic "hum" made with a mechanical grinder and a car engine. The movie was shot in industrial parks and little houses in the suburbs.

"Primer" was filmed near Dallas, Texas in 2001. The scenes in the public library where Abe and Aaron made their Internet stock trades were shot in the Richardson Public Library. The time machines were running in a storage facility. An airport scene was shot before the September 11 attacks in the United States. This is why the scene shows barely any security. The actors are allowed to walk to windows to watch planes leaving.

The movie was made for only $7,000 US and a crew of five. Carruth decided to play Aaron himself after having trouble finding any actors who could "break ... the habit of filling each line with so much drama". He also did all the production work on the movie, including writing the music.

After the movie was made, Carruth took two years to edit "Primer". He said he found this so difficult, he almost gave up several times. The movie was first shown to audiences and judges at the Sundance Film Festival in 2004.



All Saints Church, Gothenburg

All Saints Church () a church building in Kortedala in Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Kortedala Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened on All Saints' Day, 3 November 1956.

All Saints Church, Lund

All Saints Church () is a church building in the town of Lund in Sweden. It belongs to the Lund All Saints Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on Al Saints Day 1891. The church is located circa 600 meters north of the Lund Cathedral.


All Saints Church

The All Saints Church or All Saints' Church may refer to:


Church of Our Lady, Gothenburg

The Church of Our Lady () a church building in Kortedala in Gothenburg in Sweden. It earlier belonging to the Kortdeala Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 19 March 1972. In 2007, the Church of Sweden stopped using it. In 2008 it was sold to the Serbian Orthodox Parish. 

Cecilia Church

The Cecilia Church () a church in Vilhelmsro outside the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It was built between 1880 and 1881 as a church for the Vilhelmsro Nursing Home. It is named after Ebba Ramsay's youth friend Cecilia Willerding. The church was opened in 1903 by Diocese of Växjö bishop Herman Lindström. It later came under supervision by the Vicar of Jönköping. It was renovated in 1963. It later came under the Jönköping County Council. It was then transferred to municipal public housing in Vätterhem. Vätterhem would often rent it out for worship services, including weddings.

In 2014 it was purchased by the Romanian Orthodox Church of Sweden.

Jönköping Pentecostal Church

The Jönköping Pentecostal Church () is a church building in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. Che current church is located near the Western Square. It was inaugurated on 1 February 1981.

Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh

Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh (born Sophie Helen Rhys-Jones; born 20 January 1965) is the wife of Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh. She assists her husband in his royal duties.

Rhys-Jones was born at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford, the daughter of Christopher and Mary Rhys Jones. She was raised in Brenchley, Kent. 

She married Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh in 1999, they have two children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Earl of Wessex. The family's country residence is Bagshot Park in Surrey.


Jenő Buzánszky

Jenő Buzánszky (4 May 1925 – 11 January 2015) was a Hungarian footballer and coach. Buzánszky played as a right back for Hungary. During the 1950s he was a member of the legendary Hungarian national team known as the "Mighty Magyars". He was the only member of the team not to play for either Honvéd or MTK Hungária FC. After 330 league games he retired as a player and became a coach. In 1996 he became a deputy chairman of the Hungarian Football Federation. He played as right-back. During 1950's he was member of the Legendary Hungarian national team known as the Mighty Magyars. Buzánszky was considered as one of the best right-backs in Europe during the 1950's. He had pretty solid technique and also great discipline which made him an efficient full back in defence.

He was born on May 4, 1925 in the city of Dombovar. Pupil of the youth team of the football club "Dombovari Voshutos".

He made his debut in adult football in 1946 playing for the Pécs team, in which he spent one season. In 1947 he moved to Dorog, where he played 13 seasons. Most of the time he spent with the Road, he was the main player in the team's defense. He finished his professional football career with performances for the Dorog team in 1960.

In 1950, he made his debut in official matches as part of the Hungarian national team. During his career in the national team, he played 48 matches in its uniform. As part of the national team, he participated in the football tournament at the 1952 Olympic Games in Helsinki, winning the title of Olympic champion that year. As part of the national team, he participated in the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland, where he played against South Korea (9–0), with West Germany (8–3), in the quarterfinals with Brazil (4–2), in the semifinals with Uruguay (4–2) and in the final with West Germany (2–3).

He began his coaching career shortly after the end of his playing career, in 1961, heading the coaching staff of the Dorog club. During his coaching career, he also headed the teams "Esztergomi Vošos" and "Fošped Sallitok". The last place of coaching work was the Dorog club, the head coach of the team of which Jene Buzanski was from 1971 to 1978.

He died on January 11, 2015 at the age of 90 in Esztergom. He was the last surviving player of the legendary Hungarian "golden team", coached by Gustav Szebes. He was buried in the Cathedral of the Basilica of St. Stephen.

Hungary



Frans Bolweg

Frans Bolweg (30 March 1950 – 10 January 2015) was a Dutch sailor, scout, speaker, National Race Officer, and since 1995 International Judge. Bolweg was Amsterdam, Netherlands. Bolweg had a short career, in Clipper, Europe and Laser, as regatta sailor however developed himself into a race organizer.

Bolweg died of eye cancer in Monnickendam, Netherlands, aged 64.

Jack Kemp

Jack French Kemp (July 13, 1935May 2, 2009) was an American politician and a collegiate and professional football player. A Republican, he served as Housing Secretary in the administration of President George H. W. Bush from 1989 to 1993.

Kemp was known for being a top adviser to President Ronald Reagan. He helped Reagan pass the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981. Some people say that he helped create the Reagan Revolution during the 1980s.

Kemp served nine terms as a congressman for Western New York's 31st congressional district from 1971 to 1989. He was the Republican Party's nominee for Vice President in the 1996 election, where he was the running mate of presidential nominee Bob Dole.

Kemp had previously contended for the presidential nomination in the 1988 Republican primaries.

Kemp died of cancer of unknown primary origin in Bethesda, Maryland, aged 73.


Chic Littlewood

Cecil "Chic" Littlewood (17 November 1930 – 11 January 2015) was a New Zealand television entertainer and actor. He appeared as a regular on "Shortland Street" in the role of Laurie Brasch from 1993 to 1996, and had occasional roles in such series as "Mercy Peak". In 2007 he played Isaac Bulosan in the horror film "30 Days of Night", and had a small role as a security guard in Peter Jackson's remake of "King Kong".

Littlewood was born in London. He moved to New Zealand in 1964. He died in Auckland on 11 January 2015 after a long illness, aged 84.

Harry V. Jaffa

Harry V. Jaffa (October 7, 1918 – January 10, 2015) was Professor Emeritus at Claremont McKenna College and Claremont Graduate University and a distinguished fellow of the Claremont Institute. He has written on Aristotle, Thomas Aquinas, Abraham Lincoln, Thomas Jefferson, Winston Churchill, Leo Strauss, American constitutionalism, and natural law. His most famous work, "Crisis of the House Divided: An Interpretation of the Issues in the Lincoln-Douglas Debates", written in 1959, has been described as "the greatest Lincoln book ever."

Walter Berns

Walter Berns (May 3, 1919 – January 10, 2015) was an American constitutional law and political philosophy professor. He was a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and a professor emeritus at Georgetown University. Berns was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois.

Berns died on January 10, 2015 at the age of 95.


Walter Kistler

Walter P. Kistler (1918 – November 5, 2015) was a Swiss-American physicist, inventor, and philanthropist. He was born in Biel, Switzerland. Kistler is a life member of the Swiss Physical Society and a member of AIAA and ISA, which presented him the Life Achievement Award in 2000.

He held patents on more than 50 inventions in the scientific and industrial instrumentation fields, and has published a number of papers published in scientific and trade journals.


Searchlight, Nevada

Searchlight is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated town in Clark County, Nevada, United States, at the topographic saddle between two mountain ranges. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 445.

Basil John Mason

Sir Basil John Mason, CB, FRCP, FRCPEd, FRFPS, FRS (18 August 1923 – 6 January 2015), better known as John Mason, was an expert on cloud physics and former Director of the UK Meteorological Office. He was born in Docking, Norfolk.

Cher (river)

The Cher is a river in central France. It is a left tributary of the Loire River. It flows through several regions of France.

The Cher and Loir-et-Cher departments are named after this river.

The Cher is long. Its drainage basin covers .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Tours, Indre-et-Loire (1966 - 2017), near its mouth.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Tours
The Cher starts in the Massif Central, in the Mérinchal municipality, Creuse department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It starts at an altitude of about .

The Cher flows, in general, to the northwest. It goes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


At its end, the Cher flows into the Loire River at the "bec du Cher" ("beak of the Cher") in the Regional nature park Loire-Anjou-Touraine ("Parc naturel régional Loire-Anjou-Touraine") in Villandry. That is about west of the city of Tours, in the Indre-et-Loire department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries, with a length greater than 50 km, of the Cher are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Nine Months

Nine Months is a 1995 American romantic comedy movie based on French movie Neuf mois. The movie is about a child psychologist having a romance with a ballet teacher. Julianne Moore plays Rebecca Taylor. Hugh Grant plays Samuel Faulkner. Joan Cusack plays Gail Dwyer.

The movie was released in July 1995. It earned back USD$138 million. Critics did not like the movie.


Suge Knight

Marion Hugh "Suge" Knight, Jr. (born April 19, 1965) is the founder and chief executive officer of Black Kapital Records. He is the former CEO of Death Row Records. He worked with Tupac Shakur, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg and other rappers on the Death Row Record label.

Knight was born in Compton, California.
Knight has been convicted of assault. He has been in prison for violating parole.

Jack Thompson (activist)

Jack Thompson (born July 25, 1951) is an American activist and former lawyer. He is known for being an activist against sex and violence in video games. He has also fought against rap music, mainly because of its obscenity.

In July 2008, Thompson was permanently disbarred, meaning his license to be a lawyer was taken away. That was done because of bad behavior and saying things that were not true to tribunals.

Thompson was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Brooklyn Decker

Brooklyn Decker (born April 12, 1987) is an American fashion model and actress. She appeared on "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issue in 2010. She played Samantha Shane in the 2012 movie "Battleship". She also played the part of Sklyer in What to Expect When You Are Expecting.

Decker was born in Kettering, Ohio.

Kaolinite

Kaolinite or Kaolin is a clay mineral. It is in a group with the chemical composition AlSiO(OH). It is a layered silicate mineral, with one tetrahedral sheet linked through oxygen atoms to one octahedral sheet of alumina. Rocks that are rich in kaolinite are known as kaolin or china clay.

The name is after Kao-Ling, a village near Jingdezhen, Jiangxi province, China. The name entered English in 1727 from the French "kaolin", used in a Jesuit priest's reports from Jingdezhen. In Africa, kaolin is sometimes known as "kalaba" or calaba.

Kaolinite is a soft, earthy, usually white mineral (dioctahedral phyllosilicate clay). It is produced by the chemical weathering of aluminium silicate minerals like feldspar. In many parts of the world, it is colored pink-orange-red by iron oxide, giving it a distinct rust hue. Lighter concentrations yield white, yellow or light orange colors. Alternating layers are sometimes found, as at Providence Canyon State Park in Georgia, United States. Commercial grades of kaolin are supplied and transported as dry powder, semi-dry noodle or as liquid slurry.

Kaolinite is said to have a low shrink-swell capacity and a low cation-exchange capacity, which makes it ideal for various industrial applications.


Roman Catholic Diocese of Stockholm

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Stockholm (; ) is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Sweden. The seat is in Stockholm. The diocese is the only Roman Catholic one in Sweden since the Protestant Reformation back in the 16th century.

In current form, the diocese has been around since 1953.

Diocese of Stockholm

The Diocese of Stockholm may refer to:


Royal chapel

A royal chapel is a chapel that is used, or historical has been, by a monarch or royal court or royal family. A royal chapel is often located inside or near a royal palace.


Anna Stadling

Anna Stadling born 11 July 1970 in Sundsvall, Sweden is a Swedish musical artist. She contributes with background vocals and plays the guitar in the band Hovet. She has also played with Staffan Hellstrand. Also she has worked together with Idde Schultz. Anna Stadling has scored successes at the Swedish charts.




Vuollerim

Vuollerim is a locality in Jokkmokk Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 732 people lived there.


Pyrenean Sheepdog

The Pyrenean Sheepdog is a medium-small breed of dog. It comes from the South of France, in the Pyrenees Mountains. The Pyrenean Shepherd is a herding dog. The breed in the northern part of the mountains, where the climate is colder, was originally long-haired and all white. In the Basque area of Spain, the smaller breed of the dog was primarily used to protect the sheep from bear and wolf attacks.

They may have been a companion of Cro-Magnon man. Pictographs of a similar looking dog were found at Lascaux. They are an ancient and intelligent breed and the Phrenean Shepherd is one of the oldest existing dog breeds. They have been used since the middle ages to help with livestock.
The breed became popular for a time with French royalty. This is when the son of XIV was in Barèges, France and became fond of a Pyrenees. He took it back to live with him in Louvre in Paris.

In the 1880s, Queen Victoria owned one of the great white dogs. It was at that time that the British Kennel Club recognized the Pyrenean Mountain Dog as a breed. In the 1930s two puppies were brought to Needham, Massachusetts and bred which helped to save the species. The Pyrenean Shepherds were used to carry packs during World War I.

The Pyrenean Shepherd has many different looks. The breed is either smooth-faced or rough-faced. One type, common today, is said to look like a cross between a Collie and a teddy bear.


Raw Footage

Raw Footage is the eighth studio album by American rapper, Ice Cube. "Raw Footage" was released on 19 August 2008 through Lench Mob Records. The album featured the singles "Gangsta Rap Made Me Do It" and "Do Ya Thang".

The album debuted at #1 on both the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and the Top Rap Albums Charts. It also debuted at #5 on the "Billboard" 200.

Habo Pentecostal Church

The Habo Pentecostal Church () is a church building in the locality of Habo in Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. The church was inaugurated in 11–12 October 1969. In 1995 it was renovated.


Jessie James Decker

Jessica Rose "Jessie" James Decker (born April 12, 1988) is an Italian-American country-pop singer-songwriter. Her first album, "Jessie James", was released in August of 2009. 

Jessie James was born in Vicenza, Italy.

List of Pentecostal churches

The Pentecostal Church may refer to:


Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome

Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome is a condition involving the human heart. WPW is caused by the presence of an abnormal pathway between the atria and the ventricles. 

Sudden cardiac death in people with WPW is rare. Some people may experience low blood pressure with WPW.

Country pop

Country pop is a sub-genre of country music and pop music. This music emerged in the 1970s. Country pop acts either cross over to adult contemporary or Top 40.

Examples of country pop musicians include Taylor Swift, Shania Twain, Jessica Simpson, The Band Perry and Crystal Gayle.

Nashville sound

Nashville sound is a sub-genre of country music. It emerged in the late 1950s. It replaced the dominance of honky-tonk (popular during the 1940s and 1950s).

Examples of Nashville sound include Eddy Arnold, Brenda Lee and Patsy Cline. 

Habo Mission Covenant Church

The Habo Mission Covenant Church () is a church building in the locality of Habo in Sweden. It belongs to both the Uniting Church in Sweden and the Swedish Alliance Mission. The current church building was opened in March 1983.


Salem Church in Habo

The Salem Church in Habo () is a church building in the locality of Habo in Sweden. It belongs to the Evangelical Free Church in Sweden the churrent church building was opened on 31 May 1991.


Sammi Smith

Jewel Faye Smith (aka Sammi Smith; August 5, 1943 – February 12, 2005) was an American country music singer and songwriter. She had the 1971 hit single "Help Me Make it Through the Night". Smith had other songs as well.

She was born in Orange County, California. She died in Oklahoma City.

Smyrna Church Habo

The Smyrna Church Habo () is a church building in the locality of Habo in Sweden. It belongs the Evangelical Free Church in Sweden. It was inaugurated on First Advent Sunday 1975.


Furusjö Alliance Church

The Furusjö Alliance Church () is a church building in the locality of Furusjö in Sweden. The church was opened on 28 November 1920. It belongs to the Swedish Alliance Mission.


Saint Sava Serbian Orthodox Church, Stockholm

The Saint Sava Serbian Orthodox Church () is a church building in Enskede gård in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was taken into use in 1991. However it was not officially inaugurated until 5 October 2014.


Kim Matula

Kimberly Marie Matula (born August 27, 1988) is an American actress. She played Hope on "The Bold and the Beautiful". She played Mia in "The Defenders".

She was born in Fort Worth, Texas.

Jönköping Catholic Church

The Jönköping Catholic Church () is a church building in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Roman Catholic Church. The church was opened on 30 November 1974.


Kungsporten Church

The Kungsporten Church () is a church building in Öxnehaga in Huskvarna in Sweden. It belongs to the Evangelical Free Church in Sweden. The church was opened in November 2001.


Asecs

Asecs, earlier A6 center, is a shopping mall in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. The shopping mall was opened on 2 April 1987. That was following the 1985 disestablishment of the Småland Artillery Regiment.

The shopping mall is located on both the northern and the southern side of the E4 motorway. These parts are connected with a covered bridge that spans across the motorway. Major parts of the shopping mall are located at this bridge. The bridge also housed a McDonald’s restaurant until 2019. From that restaurant, the motorway can be seen.

The mall changed its name spelling-wise to Asecs on 26 October 2017.

Asecs can also be reached by train. The closest stationen is at Rocksjön.


Nyköpingsbro

Nyköpingsbro is a rest area with restaurants. It is located near the E4 motorway southwest of the town Nyköping in Sweden. The facility was opened in October 1986. The facility is built as a covered bridge restaurant.

Gävlebro

Gävlebro is a rest area with a restaurant, located near the E4 motorway outside Gävle in Sweden. It was inaugurated on 15 December 1987. The facility is built as a covered bridge restaurant.

Platy

The platy fish is a small tropical fish that is found naturally in the warm waters of America. Today, platys are very popular as pets.

Platys are small fish. They grow to 2.5 centimeters. Their come from America. They live there in creeks, canals, ditches and swamps. These habitats have lots of plants, stones and branches to hide in. Platys like a tank with live plants on the sides and back. They hide in the plants. They also eat them. Their tank should have good lighting and lots of open area in the center for swimming.

Platy will eat almost anything that fits into its mouth. As pets, they eat can fish flakes. They can also eat frozen or live food like daphnia or bloodworms. In the wild platy fish will eat algae and plants.

Ansgar's Church

The Ansgar's Church () was a church building in Vättersnäs in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belonged to the Uniting Church in Sweden.

It was inaugurated on 17 October 1965. The church was destroyed by a fire on 3 August 2021.

According to a police report published on 12 August the same year a lightning strike caused the fire. This conclusion has later been questioned. No thunder was recorded by the SMHI witnesses claimed to have noticed firework explosions.


Umeå Pentecostal Church

The Umeå Pentecostal Church () is a church building in Umeå, Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. It is located in the eastern parts of town. The church was earlier known as the Philadelphia Church (). The church hosted the broadcastings of Swedish TV programme "Hela kyrkan sjunger".

Brian Clemens

Brian Horace Clemens (30 July 1931 – 10 January 2015) was an English screenwriter and television producer. He was best known for his work on the television shows "The Avengers" and "The Professionals". He also wrote and producer the movie "Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde" (1971).

Clemens was born in Croydon, Surrey. He was related to the American writer Mark Twain (1835–1910). He was married and had two sons.

Clemens died on 10 January 2015 at the age of 83.

Elena Obraztsova

Elena Vasiliyevna Obraztsova (; 7 July 1939 – 12 January 2015) was a Russian mezzo-soprano. She said by some to be one of the greatest opera singers of all time because of her large stage presence and vocal talent. She won around fifteen award in her career.

Obraztsova was born in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg). She also lived there during the siege in World War II from August 1941 until January 1943.

Obraztsova died on 12 January 2015 while having medical treatment in Leipzig, Saxony, Germany, aged 75.

Chevrolet Aveo

The North American Chevrolet Aveo was a subcompact car sold by General Motors (GM) since 2002 to 2011. It was first made by GM Korea (formerly GMDAT). Now it is made by GM in many places, except North America. The North American Aveo was replaced by the Chevrolet Sonic in 2011.

The car was first sold as the Daewoo Kalos from 1999-2002. It was later sold as a Chevrolet model when General Motors bought the company. Chevrolet replaced the Suzuki based Metro with this car. In 2004 it was sold by Pontiac, Chevrolet, Suzuki and Holden. In other countries different names were used. These include the Chevrolet Kalos, Chevrolet Lova, ZAZ Vida and Pontiac G3. In 2005 a freshened sedan was introduced, this time made by fellow GM automaker Adam Opel AG. This was followed by a Malibu-based hatchback. In 2012 the second generation Aveo was renamed the Sonic. The sonic has several design changes. The Chevrolet Sonic name is used in North America. The same design is sold as the Holden Barina in Australasia. However, the car is still sold as Aveo in other parts of the world.



<br>

Elemér Hankiss

Elemér Hankiss (4 May 1928 – 10 January 2015) was a Hungarian sociologist. He taught at universities such as Stanford University and Central European University. He also wrote over ten books. From 1990 until 1993, he was the President of Hungarian Television.
Hankiss was born in Debrecen. His father was literature professor. He studied the English and French languages at Eötvös Loránd University. His first wife was politician Ágnes Hankiss. He had two children.

Hankiss died after a short illness on 10 January 2015 in Budapest. He was 86.

Carl Long (baseball)

Carl Long (May 9, 1935 – January 12, 2015) was an American baseball outfielder. He was a Negro league and minor league baseball player. He played from 1952 until 1957 for teams such as: the Birmingham Black Baron, the Philadelphia Stars, St. Jean Canadians, Billings Mustangs, Phoenix Stars, Kinston Eagles, Beaumont Pirates, and Mexico City Tigers.

Long was born in Rock Hill, South Carolina. He grew up in Kinston, North Carolina.

Long died on January 12, 2015 after having many strokes in November 2014. He was 79.

Doriemus

Doriemus (17 November 1990 – 11 January 2015) was a Thoroughbred racehorse. He began his career in New Zealand and became famous Australia by winning the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups in 1995. He became just the ninth horse to win both cups.

Doriemus was euthanised due to a hoof infection after a paddock accident on 11 January 2015. He was 24.

Mark Juddery

Stanford Mark Juddery (8 March 1971 – 13 January 2015) was an Australian freelance journalist, author, and columnist. His work has appeared in such newspapers as "The Canberra Times", "The Australian", and "The Sydney Morning Herald". He also worked for magazines including "The Bulletin", "Empire", "Inside Sport", "Mad Magazine" and "Griffith Review". He also wrote the book "Best. Times. Ever." (2014).

Juddery died from cancer on 13 January 2015 in Canberraat age 43.

Keith Wright (Australian politician)

Keith Webb Wright (9 January 1942 – 13 January 2015) was an Australian politician, educator, and convicted child rapist. He was first a Labor politician before becoming independent. He served as the Leader of the Opposition of Queensland from 20 October 1982 until 29 August 1984. He was also an MP for Capricornia from 1 December 1984 until 13 March 1993. From December 1993, he served an eight year jail sentence for child rape.

Wright was born in Toowoomba, Queensland. He was educated at the University of Queensland and Kelvin Grove Teachers College in Brisbane before becoming a teacher and author. After serving his prison sentence, he lived in Vietnam and worked at a language academy.

Wright died on 13 January 2015 in Vietnam, aged 72.

John Snow

John Snow (15 March 1813 – 16 June 1858) was an English physician. He used anaesthesia and medical hygiene. He is a founder of modern epidemiology because he traced the source of a cholera outbreak in Soho, London, in 1854. His findings caused changes in the water and sewage systems of London. This led to similar changes in other cities, and a great improvement in general public health around the world.

In 1837 Snow began working at the Westminster Hospital. Admitted as a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England on 2 May 1838, he graduated from the University of London in December 1844 and was admitted to the Royal College of Physicians in 1850.

Snow was one of the first to study dosages for the use of ether and chloroform as surgical anaesthetics. This let patients to undergo surgery and obstetrics without distress and pain. He personally administered chloroform to Queen Victoria when she gave birth to the last two of her nine children, Leopold in 1853 and Beatrice in 1857. This lead to wider acceptance of obstetric anaesthesia.

Snow did not understand the mechanism by which the disease was transmitted. His observation of the evidence led him to discount the theory of 'foul air'. 

By talking to local residents, he found the source of the outbreak was the public water pump on Broad Street (now Broadwick Street). Snow's chemical and microscope examination of a water sample from the Broad Street pump did not "conclusively" prove its danger. However, his studies of the pattern of the disease were convincing enough. The local council disabled the well pump by removing its handle. This action is usually credited with ending the outbreak, but Snow saw that the epidemic may have already been in rapid decline:

Snow also showed that the Southwark and Vauxhall Waterworks Company was taking water from sewage-polluted sections of the Thames and delivering the water to homes, so causing the cholera. Snow's study was a major event in the history of public health and geography. It was the founding event of the science of epidemiology.

Snow died young after a stroke. Health in Victorian London was vastly improved by engineering works for sewage treatment and water supply. This included building huge pipes under ground which kept sewage and water supplies separate. This system was so successful that it lasted until the later part of the 20th century.

Victorian London became one of the few large cities in the world to be free of epidemics carried by the water supply. The British later built the water and sewage systems in many other countries, especially those in, or connected with, the British Empire (Cairo, Khartoum, New Delhi and so on). The growth in population has made the water unsafe again in many places, but round about 1900 a clean water supply was available in many parts of the world. All this was a consequence of Snow's work, and the engineering methods of Sir Joseph Bazalgette.


Stealing Harvard

Stealing Harvard is a 2002 American criminal comedy movie. It was directed by Bruce McCulloch and was produced by Susan Cavan. "Stealing Harvard" was released on September 13, 2002.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 9% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. At the 2002 Golden Raspberry Awards, Tom Green was nominated for Worst Supporting Actor but lost to Hayden Christensen for his portrayal of Anakin Skywalker in "".



Just Married

Just Married is a 2003 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Shawn Levy and was produced by Robert Simonds and Lauren Shuler Donner. "Just Married" was released on January 10, 2003.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 19% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. At the 2004 Golden Raspberry Awards, Ashton Kutcher was nominated for Worst Actor, Brittany Murphy was nominated for Worst Supporting Actress and both Kutcher and Murphy were nominated for Worst Screen Couple. They did not win any of the awards they were nominated for.


Thor-Erics

Thor-Erics was a dansband in Hyssna in Sweden. The band was established in 1963. On 27 December 1999, the band performed for last time. The band appeared at TV in Sweden and Norway several times. Nick Borgen performed with the band by the late 1970s and early 1980s.






Curt Görans

Curt Görans was a dansband from Eskilstuna in Sweden. The band scored Svensktoppen chart succcesses during the mid 1970s.


Small Town Singers

Small Town Singers is a musical group in Söderköping in Sweden. The group was established in 1967. They several sevral Svensktoppen successes during the mid-late 1970s and early 1980s. Sometimes, they still appear for sporadical performances.


Lina Sandell

Lina Sandell (full name: Karolina Wilhelmina Sandell-Berg), (born 3 October 1832 in Fröderyd, Sweden, dead 27 July 1903 in Stockholm, Sweden) was a Swedish writer of Christian songs. She was the daughter of a Lutheran minister. She grew up in the rectory at Fröderyd. When she was 26 years old she went with her father, Jonas Sandell, on a boat trip across lake of Vättern. Her father fell overboard and drowned in her presence. This incident inspired many of her songs.

She wrote famous songs like "Tryggare kan ingen vara" and "Blott en dag". She was buried at the Solna Church.

Little Black Book

Little Black Book is a 2004 American satirical comedy movie. It was directed by Nick Hurran and was produced by Elaine Goldsmith-Thomas, Deborah Schindler, William Sherak, and Jason Shuman. "Little Black Book" was released on August 6, 2004.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 21% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Scott Brown of "Entertainment Weekly" rated the movie a D and said "The big climax isn't climactic, just hysterical and incoherent. Murphy, with her bug-eyed, love-me mugging, is simply too slight and gawky to play the Everygirl."



Knut's party

A Knut's party or Knut's dance (, literally: "Christmas tree pludering") is a tradition in Sweden on St. Knut's Day (13 January). It means the end of the Christmas and holiday season. The Christmas and holiday season has then spanned across Advent Sunday, Saint Lucy's Day, Christmas, New Year and Epiphany. In private homes, especially children often have a party. They dance around the Christmas tree and smash the gingerbread house into pieces. The Christmas decorations are then put aside. Such parties are even common at schools, Kindergartens, churches and other associations. In many towns the public Christmas tree is taken out of usage for the bypassed Christmas by holding an outdoor Knut's dance. The tradition originates from the Nordic region. It has changed very little since the 1870s.


Without a Paddle

Without a Paddle is a 2004 American comedy movie. It was directed by Steven Brill and was produced by Donald DeLine. "Without a Paddle" was released on 10 January 2003. The movie is about three childhood friends who reunite and go on a trip to a river to search for the treasure of a lost airplane hijacker. A spinoff was released direct-to-video on 13 January 2009 titled "".

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 14% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


Landvetter

Landvetter is a locality in Härryda Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 7,152 people lived there. The Göteborg Landvetter Airport is located near the locality. The airport is even named after the locality.

Immanuel Church, Norrköping

The Immanuel Church () is a church building in Norrköping, Sweden. It was built by the "Immanuel Church Congregation" in 1956. Since 2020 it is owned by the two congregations "Baptistförsamlingen Saron-Korskyrkan" (part of Evangelical Free Church in Sweden) and "Norrköping Vineyard" (part of "Vineyard Nordic"). The "Immanuel Church Congregation" is still active in it.

The Immanuel Church Congregation () belongs to the Uniting Church in Sweden. It earlier belonged to the Mission Covenant Church of Sweden. It previously had a church building opened on 28 December 1884.


Cotton Club

The Cotton Club was a New York City night club in the 1920s and 30s.It was first in the Harlem neighborhood on 142nd St & Lenox Ave from 1923 to 1935. Then for a brief period from 1936 to 1940 it was in the midtown Theater District. The club was a big success in America's Prohibition Era.

The club had a whites-only policy for customers, but featured many of the best black entertainers and jazz musicians of the era. Stars included (musicians) Cab Calloway, Andrew Preer, Fletcher Henderson, Duke Ellington, Jimmie Lunceford, Louis Armstrong, Count Basie, Fats Waller - (vocalists) Adelaide Hall, Lottie Gee, Ethel Waters, Avon Long, Aida Ward, Edith Wilson, the Dandridge Sisters, Avis Andrews, Will Vodery Choir, Berry Brothers, Nina Mae McKinney, Billie Holiday, Lena Horne and (dancers) Bill Robinson, The Nicholas Brothers, Stepin Fetchit, Butterbeans and Suzy, Earl Snakehips Tucker and Evelyn Welch.

During its heyday, the Cotton Club served as a hip meeting spot featuring regular "Celebrity Nights" on Sundays, which featured celebrity guests such as Jimmy Durante, George Gershwin, Sophie Tucker, Paul Robeson, Al Jolson, Mae West, Richard Rodgers, Irving Berlin, Eddie Cantor, Fanny Brice, Langston Hughes, Judy Garland, Moss Hart and Mayor Jimmy Walker among others.

The club was set up by world boxing champion Jack Johnson, but taken over by the Yorkshire-born gangster Owney Madden in 1923. Johnson stayed on as manager.

Israel Kolmodin

Israel Kolmodin, born 24 December 1643, dead 19 April 1709, was a Swedish hymnwriter and Lutheran priest. He was active within the Church of Sweden. He is usually credited for having written the song "Den blomstertid nu kommer".

Sigrid Sköldberg-Pettersson

Sigrid Sköldberg-Pettersson, born 7 October 1870 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 15 October 1941 in Oscar Parish, Stockholm, Sweden was a Swedish song lyricist. She has written many children's songs. One of her most famous works is the lyrics for the Christmas song "Raska fötter springa tripp, tripp, tripp" ("Liten julvisa"). The music music was composed by Emmy Köhler.

Emmy Köhler

Emmy Köhler, born 22 May 1858 in Stockholm, Sweden, died 2 February 1925 in Fresta, Sweden was a Swedish hymnwriter and writer. Among her more famous works is the Christmas carol "Nu tändas tusen juleljus" and the music for the children's Christmas song "Raska fötter springa tripp, tripp, tripp" ("Liten julvisa"). The lyrics of the later mentioned song were written by Sigrid Sköldberg-Pettersson.

Anna-Lisa Frykman

Anna-Lisa Frykman born Anna Elisabet Frykman on 4 January 1889 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 14 June 1960 in Stockholm, Sweden was a Swedish composer, song lyricist and teacher. One of her most famous works is the children's song "Kungens lilla piga". She also wrote the Christmas song "Julpolskan". She was also active under the pseudonym "Eolus".

Kristdala

Kristdala is a locality in Oskarshamn Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 945 people lived there.

Curly Sue

Curly Sue is a 1991 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It is about a homeless man and his daughter who move from Detroit to Chicago. Alisan Porter plays Curly Sue. Kelly Lynch plays Grey. The movie received negative reviews from critics.


Jorgelina Aranda

Jorgelina Julia Aranda (19 August 1942 – 10 January 2015) was an Argentine actress, model and singer. She was known for her role in "Il Gaucho". Aranda was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Aranda died of cancer in Buenos Aries, aged 72.

Hara Patnaik

Hara Pattanaik (, 12 October 1958 – 13 January 2015) was an Indian movie actor, director and screenplay writer. He has acted over 60 Oriya movies and directed about 19 others. Patnaik was known for his roles in "Sathire" (2004), "Ganga Jamuna" (1997) and "Nari Bi Pindhipare Rakta Sindura" (1997). 

Parranaik died on 13 January 2015 of cancer.

Michelle Ryan

Michelle Ryan (born 22 April 1984) is an English actress. She is known for portraying the role of Zoe Slater on the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" (2000–2005).
She also played Lady Christina de Souza in 2009 on "Doctor Who".

She was born in Enfield, Greater London.

The Buffalo Club

The Buffalo Club is an American country music group formed in 1997.


James B. Adams

James Blackburn Adams (December 21, 1926 – April 25, 2020) was an American attorney and politician. He served as an acting director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation from February 15, 1978 through February 23, 1978. He was born in Corsicana, Texas.

Adams died on April 25, 2020 in Kerrville, Texas of a suspected heart attack, aged 93.

Whiplash (2014 movie)

Whiplash is a 2014 American drama movie about a jazz student and his teacher in New York City. It was written and directed by Damien Chazelle, and starring Miles Teller, J. K. Simmons and Paul Reiser. Filming of the movie took less than a month. It received positive reviews.

Freejack

Freejack is a 1992 science fiction and action movie directed by Geoff Murphy. This movie is set in the year 2009. It is about very wealthy people becoming immortal. Rene Russo plays Julie. Mick Jagger plays Victor. Emilio Estevez plays Alex.

The movie got very bad reviews from movie critics.


Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness

Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is the third studio album by the Smashing Pumpkins. The Smashing Pumpkins is an American alternative rock band. Virgin Records released the album on October 24, 1995 in the United Kingdom. Virgin released it one day later in the United States. Billy Corgan produced the album with Mark Ellis and Alan Moulder. The album has 28 songs in it. It has many different types of music, such as heavy metal, alternative rock, and grunge.

The album was number one on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. In one week, over 240,000 copies of the album were sold. One of the most popular songs from the album was "Bullet with Butterfly Wings". It was the first single from the album. The album had four other singles: "1979", "Zero", "Tonight, Tonight", and "Thirty-Three". The RIAA gave the album a diamond certification. The album was nominated for seven Grammy Awards.

The band recorded many songs when they were making the album. They did not put all of these songs onto the album. They used many songs that they made for "Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness" on other albums. Many music critics liked the album, and said that it was one of the band's best albums.


Florence Chadwick

Florence May Chadwick (November 9, 1918 – March 15, 1995) was an American swimmer. She was known for long-distance swimming. At age 10 she was the first child to swim the Catalina Channel. Chadwick was the first woman to swim the English Channel in both directions. She set a time record each time. She was the first woman to swim the Straits of Gibraltar, the Bosporus (one way), and the Dardanelles (round trip).

Asa Hutchinson

William Asa Hutchinson II (, ""; born December 3, 1950) is an American attorney, businessman, and politician. He was the 46th Governor of Arkansas from 2015 to 2023. He is a Republican. He was the administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration during the George W. Bush administration from 2001 to 2003. Before, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1997 to 2001. Hutchinson unsuccessfully ran for President of the United States in the 2024 election.

Hutchinson was born in Bentonville, Arkansas. He is a descendant of Alexander Simpson Hutchinson, a government official and slave owner in South Carolina and Arkansas. He earned his bachelor's degree from Bob Jones University in 1972. He received his J.D. from the University of Arkansas School of Law in 1975. 

In 1982, President Ronald Reagan hired Hutchinson as the U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas. At age 31, Hutchinson was the nation's youngest U.S. Attorney. He helped prosecute a white supremacist organization founded by polygamist James Ellison.

In 1986, Hutchinson unsuccessfully ran against Democratic U.S. Senator Dale Bumpers. He successfully ran for the United States House of Representatives in 1996, representing Arkansas's 3rd congressional district.

Hutchinson resigned from the U.S. House when President George W. Bush picked him to be Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration. In 2003, Bush appointed Hutchinson as the Under Secretary for border and transportation security at the newly created Department of Homeland Security. Hutchinson retired from the Bush administration in 2005.

In 2006, Hutchinson was the Republican nominee for Governor of Arkansas, but lost to Democratic nominee Mike Beebe. In 2014, Hutchinson was again the Republican nominee for governor, this time beating the Democratic nominee, U.S. Representative Mike Ross. He was reelected in 2018.

While serving as governor, Arkansas started having executions again in 2017 after having executed no one since 2005. Under his time as governor, over 17,000 Arkansans lost their Medicaid coverage over a rule Hutchinson pushed for which required them to work.

In February 2019, Hutchinson signed a bill into law that would criminalize abortion should "Roe v. Wade" be overturned.

From 2020 to 2021, Hutchinson was vice chair of the National Governors Association. From 2021 to 2022, he was chair of the association.

In May 2022, Hutchinson said he would think about running for president in 2024 even if former President Donald Trump ran again.

On April 2, 2023, Hutchinson announced his candidacy for the 2024 Republican Party presidential primaries.

Hutchinson announced the suspension of his campaign on January 16, 2024, the day after the Iowa Republican caucus.

In 1973, Hutchinson married Susan Burrell. They have four children.

Hutchinson's older brother, Tim, is a former U.S. representative and U.S. senator.


Songs from the West Coast

Songs from the West Coast is the 26th studio album by Elton John and was released on 1 October 2001. It went to top 20 in Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It was nominated for an Grammy Award in 2002.

All songs written by Elton John and Bernie Taupin.

United States Attorney

United States Attorneys, aka federal prosecutors or as United States District Attorneys, represent the United States federal government. They do this in U.S. district courts and U.S. courts of appeals. There are 93 U.S. Attorneys in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam. 

U.S. Attorneys and their offices are a part of United States Department of Justice.

Each U.S. Attorney is the boss of their district, and although they are the boss they still can have hundreds of lawyers and staff to help them. All U.S. Attorneys is appointed by the President and is by the Senate of the United States and they keep their job for 4 years.

Current law says that when there is no U.S. Attorney in a district the Attorney General can appoint one for 120 days. 

There was an issue in 2006 where a law was passed which said the Attorney General could appoint a U.S. attorney to serve for as long as needed, which in a way went around the Senate confirmation process. The issue was fixed with a law passed in 2007. 

The Office of the United States Attorney was created by the .

Regency era

The Regency era was nine years from 1811 to 1820 in Great Britain. It was the time when the future George IV of the United Kingdom was Prince Regent during the long illness of his father, George III. George IV was crowned after George III's death in 1820. The Regency era was notable for its excesses, its political uncertainty, and its style. Beau Brummell, Lord Byron and the architect John Nash were important people.

The final defeat of Napoleon happened during this era. A rapid growth in population led to the growth of criminal slums in cities like London. It was a great time for architecture.

J. P. Parisé

Jean-Paul Joseph-Louis Parisé (December 11, 1941 – January 7, 2015) was a Canadian ice hockey coach and left winger. He played 17 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Boston Bruins, Minnesota North Stars, Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Islanders, and the Cleveland Barons. His son Zach currently plays for the Minnesota Wild.

Before playing in the NHL, Parisé played 38 games with the Niagara Falls Flyers of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA), 65 games with the Kingston Frontenacs of the Eastern Professional Hockey League (EPHL), and two seasons with the Minneapolis Bruins of the Central Professional Hockey League (CPHL).

Parisé made his NHL debut in the 1965–66 NHL season with the Boston Bruins. He would only play 3 games with them that season and 18 games the next.

When the 1967–68 NHL season started, there was an expansion and expansion draft. Parisé was drafted by the Oakland Seals on June 6, 1967. On October 12, the Seals traded him along with Bryan Hextall Jr. to the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for Gerry Ehman. The Maple Leafs would assign Parisé to the Rochester Americans of the American Hockey League (AHL). He ended up playing 30 games with the Americans and 1 games for the Maple Leafs.

On December 23, the Maple Leafs traded him along with Milan Marcetta to the Minnesota North Stars in exchange for Murray Hall, Ted Taylor, Len Lunde, Don Johns, Duke Harris, and the loan of Carl Wetzel. He had his most success during his time with the North Stars. Parisé would play on a line with Jude Drouin and Bill Goldsworthy. He would play six seasons and parts of two others with the North Stars. He played in two NHL All-Star Games, and had his best professional season in the 1972–73 season, scoring a career high 27 goals and 75 points.

On January 5, 1975, the North Stars decided to trade the aging Parisé to the New York Islanders in exchange for Doug Rombough and Ernie Hicke. While he was with the Islanders, he was able to help them reach their first playoff berth that season and was also able to help them reach the Stanley Cup semifinals, where they were defeated in a seven-game series by the eventual Stanley Cup champions Philadelphia Flyers.

On January 10, 1978, the Islanders traded him along with Jean Potvin to the Cleveland Barons in exchange for Wayne Merrick, Darcy Regier, and Cleveland's fourth round choice (the draft choice was cancelled by the Cleveland-Minnesota merger) in 1978 Amateur Draft. After the Barons merged with the North Stars, Parisé became a North Star again. He was named the team's captain in the 1978–79 season. It would end up being his last season and he retired from playing professional ice hockey after it was over.

On January 7, 2015, Parisé died from lung cancer at his home in Prior Lake, Minnesota.


Frederik H. Kreuger

Frederik Hendrik Kreuger (14 May 1928 – 10 January 2015) was a Dutch high voltage scientist, writer, and inventor. He was a professor at the Delft University of Technology in Delft. He wrote about technical literature, nonfiction books, and thrillers. He also wrote a biography of the master forger Han van Meegeren.

Kreuger was born in Amsterdam, North Holland. He went to the Delft University of Technology.

On 10 January 2015, "NRC Handelsblad" announced Kreuger died in Delft, aged 86.

Statutory rape

The term statutory rape means sexual activity with a minor that is not forced. It usually refers to when adults engage in sex with someone below the age of consent. In 95% of cases, the victim is female. Very few jurisdictions actually use the term "statutory rape". They use terms like "unlawful sex with a minor" or "unlawful carnal knowledge".

Minor (law)

In the law, a minor is someone who has not yet reached the age of majority. In many countries, a person becomes an adult at age 18, therefore, a minor is a person who is 17 years old or younger. 

"Minor" can also mean a person who is not old enough to do a particular activity, for example, while 18 is the age of majority in the United States, the minimum age to buy alcoholic beverages (such as beer, wine, and liquor) in the United States is 21 so in this context, a minor is a person who is 20 years old or younger. 

YWCA-YMCA of Sweden

YWCA-YMCA of Sweden () is the Sweden-branch of YMCA and YWCA. It was established in 1966 when YMCA of Sweden and YWCA of Sweden merged.

In 2011 the organization decided to use the term "KFUM" in promotion with "M" standing for "människor" ("people"). Earlier the "m" stood for "män" (men)

YWCA-YMCA of Sweden has 60 000 members. It has 4 000 local associations.

Several Swedish YWCA-YMCA associations have been successful in sports.


SummerSlam (2006)

SummerSlam (2006) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on August 20, 2006 at TD Banknorth Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. It was the nineteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWE. This was the first inter-branded pay-per-view that featured the ECW brand.

The main match for the "Raw" brand saw Edge defeat John Cena and successfully defend his WWE Championship. Edge defeated Cena by pinfall after he hit Cena in the back of the head with a pair of brass knuckles. The main match for the "SmackDown!" brand was a match between Batista and King Booker for the World Heavyweight Championship. Batista won the match by disqualification after Queen Sharmell interfered in the match. Since Batista won by disqualification, he did not win the championship. The main match for the "ECW" brand saw The Big Show defeat Sabu in an Extreme rules match for the ECW World Championship. Big Show won the match by pinfall and retained the title after he chokeslammed Sabu through a table.


Sons of the Desert

Sons of the Desert was an American country music band founded in 1989 in Waco, Texas. It was started by brothers Drew Womack (lead vocals, rhythm guitar) and Tim Womack (lead guitar, background vocals). They were joined by Scott Saunders (keyboards), Doug Virden (bass guitar, background vocals) and Brian Westrum (drums). The band released "Whatever Comes First" for Epic Records Nashville in 1997. They recorded a second album for Epic which was not released. "Change" followed in 2000. Counting two singles from the unreleased album, Sons of the Desert charted eight times on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, including the top ten hit "Whatever Comes First".


William R. Cosentini

William Randolph Cosentini (June 12, 1911 - January 28, 1954) was an American mechanical engineer and businessman. He founded Cosentini Associates.

Cosentini was born in 1911 to Italian immigrant parents, Eugenio and Vincenza Cosentini. He had an older brother, John (born 1909) and a younger sister, Mary (born 1913).

Cosentini attended New York University. There he earned his M.A. degree in mechanical engineering. In 1944, he married Rose DeStefano. They had two children together. Rose died in 1947 at 36 years of age.

In 1951, he started W.R. Cosentini & Associates. The company later became known as Cosentini Associates. In the early days of the company, he worked on several notable projects. Those included installing the heating and air conditioning system in the Chrysler Building.

Cosentini died of appendicitis on January 28, 1954 at 42 years of age.


Genevieve

Saint Genevieve is a saint in Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox tradition. She is the patron saint of Paris. Her feast day is kept on January the 3rd.

In 451 she led a "prayer marathon" in Paris that was said to divert Attila's Huns away from the city. In 464 Childeric I besieged the city and conquered it. She negotiated to collect food and convinced Childeric to release his prisoners.

Clovis I founded an abbey where Genevieve could minister. She was later buried there. The church witnessed numerous miracles at her tomb. Genevieve was canonised.

Arthur E. Chase

Arthur E. Chase (February 4, 1930 – January 5, 2015) was an American businessman and politician. He represented the Worcester District in the Massachusetts Senate from 1991–1995. He co-founded the Central Massachusetts Legislative Caucus. In 1991 he designed the Massachusetts Academy of Math and Science at WPI and in 1992 sponsored legislation to create it. He was the Republican nominee for Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in 1994, but lost in the general election to William F. Galvin.

Slobodan Martinović

Slobodan Martinovic (25 July 1945 – 10 January 2015) was a Serbian chess Grandmaster. He began in 1963, and played until his death in 2015.

Martinović played 269 master games that were tracked by FIDE. Of them, 83 (31%) he won, 157 (58%) were draws, and 29 (11%) he lost.

Jack Hayward

Sir Jack Arnold Hayward (14 June 1923 – 13 January 2015) was an English businessman, property developer, and philanthropist. He was the president of football club Wolverhampton Wanderers from 1990 until 2007.

Hayward was born in Wolverhampton. He married Jean Mary Forder in 1948 and had two sons, Rick and Jonathan, and a daughter Susan.

Hayward died on 13 January 2015 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States. He was 91.

Double Dare (1976 game show)

Double Dare is an American television game show. It was produced by Mark Goodson—Bill Todman Productions and ran from 1976 to 1977 on CBS. Alex Trebek was the host. Johnny Olson and later Gene Wood were the announcers.

Two contestants (players) would compete in a game of knowledge. One was a returning winner from a previous game, the other a new challenger. A contestant was given the chance to answer the question and win money. Or, they could challenge the other contestant to answer the question. If the second contestant answered the question correctly, he or she won the money. If answered incorrectly, the first contestant got double the money. Questions were answered from an isolation booth.

Zhang Wannian

Zhang Wannian (; August 1928 – January 14, 2015) was a Chinese general. He was born in Longkou, Shandong, China. 

He was a deputy to CPC's 9th National Congress, and an alternative member of 12th and 13th CPC's central committee. He became an alternate member of the 12th and 13th and a member of the 14th and 15th CPC's Central Committees, and a Politburo member and Secretary of the Secretariat in 15th central committee.

He was promoted to lieutenant general in September 1988, and to general in June 1993. He retired in 2003.

Wannain died in Beijing, China, aged 86.

Robert White (ambassador)

Robert E. White (September 21, 1926 – January 13, 2015) was an American career diplomat. He served as U.S. Ambassador to Paraguay from 1977 until 1980 and to El Salvador from 1980 until 1981. He later became president of the Center for International Policy.

White was born in Melrose, Massachusetts. He served in the U.S. Navy from 1944 to 1946. He was married to Mary-Anne White and had five grown children.

White died on January 13, 2015 in Arlington, Virginia from prostate and bladder cancer, aged 88.

Birdman (movie)

Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance) is a 2014 black comedy-drama movie directed, produced, and written by Alejandro González Iñárritu. It stars Michael Keaton, Zach Galifianakis, Edward Norton, Emma Stone, Amy Ryan, Andrea Riseborough, Lindsay Duncan, and Naomi Watts. It was released for a limited time on October 17, 2014. It received very positive reviews. The movie won the Academy Award for Best Picture, along with Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Cinematography from a total of nine nominations, tying it with "The Grand Budapest Hotel" for the most nominated and awarded movie at the Academy's 87th annual awards ceremony with four wins per movie.

Bob Boyd (basketball)

William Robert "Bob" Boyd (June 7, 1930 - January 14, 2015) was an American former collegiate man's basketball coach. He was head coach at Seattle University, the University of Southern California (USC) and Mississippi State University.

Boyd died of natural causes in Palm Desert, California, aged 84.

Johannes de Villiers Graaff

Johannes de Villiers Graaff (also known as Jan de Van Graaff or Jannie Graaff; 19 February 1928 – 6 January 2015) was a South African neoclassical welfare economist. He was a former chairman of Nedbank. Graaff was known for his work on optimal savings rates and contributions to the creation of the social welfare function.

Graaff graduated from the University of Cape Town and then went on to complete his PhD in economics at St John's College, Cambridge in 1950.

On 30 June 1951, he married Lillian Clare Thomson, daughter of Sir George Paget Thomson. They had six children.

He was the youngest son of Sir David Graaff, 1st Baronet. His eldest brother is Sir De Villiers Graaff, 2nd Baronet.

Graaff was one of South Africa's most active and accomplished mountaineers, pioneering mountain climbing routes in East Africa and the Himalayas.

He died on the 6 January 2015 in Kenilworth, Cape Town, aged 86.


Spire

A spire is a tapering conical or pyramidal structure on the top of a building, particularly a church tower. Etymologically, the word comes from the Old English word "spir", meaning a sprout, shoot, or stalk of grass.

Symbolically, spires have two effects. One is to show strength and power. A spire, with its spear point, gives the impression of strength. The other is to reach up toward the skies as a religious gesture. This is one reason for its association with religious buildings, and a similar reason has been given for the large pyramids in Egypt and early American civilisations. However, the tallest spires today are secular places of business or hotels, such as The Shard.

As an architectural ornament, spires are most often found on Christian churches.

Trevor Colbourn

Harold Trevor Colbourn (24 February 1927 – 13 January 2015) was an Australian professor and academic administrator. He was the second President of the University of Central Florida (formerly named Florida Technological University) from 1978 until 1989.

Colbourn was born in Armidale, New South Wales. He was an Episcopalian. He married Beryl Evans in 1949, and had two daughters.

Colbourn died on 13 January 2015 in Winter Park, Florida, United States, aged 87.

Regnal year

A regnal year is a year of the reign of a monarch. It is from the Latin "regnum" meaning kingdom or rule. Some of the oldest dating systems were in regnal years. A regnal year usually begins on the date of a monarch's accession to the throne. Year one is counted from day one to the end of the first year of a monarch's reign. Then a second year of rule, a third, and so on. They would not have a zero year of rule. It is displayed as an ordinal, not a cardinal number.

Every year of a monarch's reign falls within two calendar years, unless the reign began on the first day of the calendar year. When converting a regnal year in history to a calendar year, this can cause an error of one year. In England, from the 10th century until the late 13th century, the practice was to count the regnal year from the date of coronation. This was usually a later date than when a monarch was proclaimed king or queen. The current practice of dating from the date of accession began in the late 13th century when the heir was out of the country. Henry III of England died on 16 November 1272 which some sources date as the beginning of Edward I of England's rule. His reign actually began when he was proclaimed king at the New Temple on 20 November 1272. Here the date error between sources would be only four days.



Bettino Craxi

Benedetto "Bettino" Craxi (; 24 February 1934 – 19 January 2000) was an Italian politician. He was Prime Minister of Italy from 1983 to 1987.

Craxi was born in Milan on 24 February 1934. His father was a Sicilian lawyer.


<br>

Rame Peninsula

The Rame Peninsula is a peninsula in southeast Cornwall, England, in the United Kingdom. The peninsula is surrounded by the English Channel to the south. Plymouth Sound is to the east. The estuary of the River Lynher lies to the north. The largest settlement is Torpoint. It is on the eastern coast, facing Devonport in Plymouth, Devon.
The peninsula is named after Rame Head, to the south of the peninsula. The peninsula also includes the village and parish of Rame. The whole area of the peninsula is designated an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.

Other places on the peninsula include: Antony, Crafthole and Cremyll. Fourlanesend is the location of Fourlanesend School, the local primary school for the Rame Peninsula. Kingsand and Cawsand are protected by the headland. Much of the peninsula is owned by the Mount Edgcumbe estate which also includes Mount Edgcumbe Country Park.


Kestrel

The name kestrel is given to several different members of the falcon genus, "Falco". Kestrels hover about over open country, and swoop down on prey, usually small mammals, lizards or large insects. Other falcons are more adapted to active hunting on the wing. In addition, kestrels have much brown in their plumage.

Kestrels can fly in stationary air, even indoors in barns. While hovering they face towards any slight headwind. This leads to the common kestrel being called a "windhover" in some areas.

Unusually for falcons, plumage often differs between male and female, although as usual with monogamous raptors the female is slightly larger than the male. This allows a pair to eat slightly different prey on their home range. Kestrels are bold, and have adapted well to humans. They nest in buildings and hunt by main roads. Kestrels do not build their own nests, but use nests built by other birds.

Most kestrels form a distinct clade among the falcons, as suggested by comparison of mtDNA cytochrome "b" sequence data and morphology. This clade diverged from other "Falco" around the Miocene to Pliocene about 7–3.5 million years ago (mya). The most basal "true" kestrels are three species from Africa and its surroundings.
About 2.5–2 mya, the main lineage of true kestrels emerged. This too seems to have evolved in Africa and subsequently spread across the Old World until they reached Australia some time during the Middle Pleistocene, less than one million years ago. This group contains several taxa found on Indian Ocean islands. A group of three mainly grey species from Africa and Madagascar are usually considered kestrels by their general shape and habits, but are probably distinct from the true kestrels discussed above.

There is only one kestrel in the Americas, with a wide range of habitats. It is "Falco sparverius". The male is more brightly coloured than usual for kestrels, with a reddish back and tail.

Cytochrome

Cytochromes are haemoproteins (or proteins containing haem groups). They make ATP by electron transport.

They are found either as single (monomeric) proteins (e.g., cytochrome c) or as part of bigger enzyme complexes which catalyze redox reactions.

The haem group does the redox reactions. These include all chemical reactions in which atoms have their oxidation state changed. In general, redox reactions involve the transfer of electrons.

Cytochromes were described in 1884 as respiratory pigments. They include (haemoglobin, myoglobin, haemocyanin, haemoerythrin and chlorocruorin. In the 1920s, Keilin rediscovered these respiratory pigments. He called them the cytochromes, or “cellular pigments”, and classified them as haem proteins.

Several kinds of cytochrome exist and can be distinguished by spectroscopy. Three types of cytochrome are distinguished by their prosthetic groups.
In mitochondria and chloroplasts, these cytochromes are often combined in electron transport and related metabolic pathways.

Rosemary's Baby

Rosemary's Baby is a 1968 American horror movie directed by Roman Polanski. It is set in New York City. It is based on the novel of the same name. This movie is about a young housewife who has a baby. The baby turns out to be a child of the Devil. Mia Farrow plays Rosemary. Ruth Gordon plays Minnie.

The movie was well received by critics upon its release.



Enver Hoxha

Enver Hoxha (16 October 190811 April 1985) was an Albanian politician who was dictator of Albania. Ideologically a communist, Hoxha served as prime minister of Albania from 1944 until 1954, and First Secretary of the Party of Labour of Albania from 1941 until his death.

Under his regime, thousands of opponents ("dissidents") were executed, and tens of thousands more were imprisoned in forced labour camps.

Hoxha was born in Gjirokastër, a city in southern Albania (then under the Ottoman Empire) that has been home to many prominent families. He was the son of Halil Hoxha, a Bektashi Tosk cloth merchant who traveled widely across Europe and the United States and Gjylihan (Gjylo) Hoxha. He was raised a member of a wealthy Muslim family of landowners and merchants. He went to the best schools in Albania in the 1920s. He was given one of the few scholarships to a foreign college. In 1931 he attended the University of Montpellier in France. He lost his scholarship in 1934 for poor performance and moved to Paris. During World War II, Hoxha participated in Guerrilla Activities against Germany from 1943 until Albania was Liberated in 1944 by the Soviet Red Army.

In 1944, near the end of the Second World War, he became prime minister of the Democratic Government of Albania, and later, the Socialist Republic of Albania.

Enver Hoxha was the leader of Albania during that time, known for his isolationist policies and the creation of a tightly controlled state. His rule was marked by suppression of dissent, strict censorship, and a focus on ideological purity. Albania became one of the most isolated and repressive countries in the world under his leadership.

In his later years, Evner Hoxha faced health issues including heart problems and diabetes. He passed away on April 11, 1985, due to complications from respiratory and cardiac issues.

 

Saw II

Saw II is a 2005 Canadian-American horror movie. "Saw II" is a sequel to 2004's "Saw". It is the second installment in the seven-part "Saw" franchise. It was released October 28, 2005. The movie was directed and co-written by Darren Lynn Bousman. It was Co-written with series creator Leigh Whannell. Saw II stars Donnie Wahlberg, Franky G, Dina Meyer, Erik Knudsen, and Tobin Bell as Jigsaw. 

Ervin Drake

Ervin Maurice Druckman (April 3, 1919 – January 15, 2015), better known as Ervin Drake, was an American songwriter. His works include such American Songbook standards as "I Believe" and "It Was a Very Good Year". 

He wrote in many styles and his work has been recorded by musicians from all over the world in many styles. In 1983, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.

On January 15, 2015, Drake died at his home in Great Neck, New York due to complications from bladder cancer. He was 95.


Joseph Wapner

Joseph Albert Wapner (November 15, 1919 – February 26, 2017) was an American judge and former television "judge." He is the first star of the ongoing reality courtroom series "The People's Court".

Wapner died on February 26, 2017 under hospice care in Los Angeles after suffering from respiratory failure, aged 97.


Jerry Sheindlin

Gerald "Jerry" Sheindlin (born November 19, 1933) is an American author and television personality. He was a short-lived judge on the television program "The People's Court" from 1999 to 2000. 

Before that, he served on the New York State Supreme Court. He is the author of two books, "Genetic Fingerprinting: The Law and Science of DNA Evidence" and "Blood Trail". 

Judy Sheindlin

Judith Susan Sheindlin (née Blum; October 21, 1942), better known as Judge Judy, is an American lawyer, judge, television personality and writer. From 1996-2021, Sheindlin has had her own successful Daytime Emmy Award winning reality courtroom series named after her, "Judge Judy".

She is of Jewish descent.


Kim Fowley

Kim Vincent Fowley (July 21, 1939 – January 15, 2015) was an American record producer, singer and musician. He was best known for his role behind a string of novelty and cult pop rock singles in the 1960s, and for managing The Runaways in the 1970s. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Fowley died of bladder cancer in West Hollywood, California at the age of 75.


Evelyn Sanguinetti

Evelyn Pacino Sanguinetti (born November 12, 1970) is an American politician. On January 12, 2015, she became the 47th Lieutenant Governor of Illinois. Before being elected alongside Governor Bruce Rauner on November 4, 2014, she served on the Wheaton City Council. On April 22, 2019, Sanguinetti announced her candidacy for the 2020 election in Illinois's 6th congressional district, challenging first-term Democratic incumbent Sean Casten. She dropped out of the race in October 2019.

Ramsey theory

The Ramsey theory is named after the British mathematician and philosopher Frank Ramsey (19031930). It is a branch of mathematics that studies the conditions under which order must appear. 

A typical result in Ramsey theory starts with some mathematical structure that
is then cut into pieces. How big must the original structure be, so that at least one of the pieces has a given interesting property? This idea can be defined as partition regularity.

For example, consider a complete graph of order "n"; that is, there are "n" vertices and each vertex is connected to every other vertex by an edge. A complete graph of order 3 is called a triangle. Now colour every edge red or blue. How large must "n" be in order to ensure that there is either a blue triangle or a red triangle? It turns out that the answer is 6. 

Another way to express this result is as follows: at any party with at least six people, there are three people who are either (a) mutual acquaintances (each one knows the other two) or (b) mutual strangers (each one does not know either of the other two). 

Ramsey theory is now a complete branch of mathematics.

Val Holten

Charles Valentine "Val" Holten (15 September 1927 – 15 January 2015) was an Australian cricketer. He played five first class cricket matches for Victoria between 1950 to 1951 and 1952 to 1953. He also played club cricket for the Victorian Premier Cricket teams Melbourne Cricket Club (1947–48) and Prahran Cricket Club (1948–49). He was a right hand batsman and right arm medium pace bowler.

Holten was born in Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.

Holten died on 15 January 2015 at the age of 87.


Captivity narrative

Captivity narratives are stories of people captured by enemies who are not civilized. Historians - people who study history - do not trust a lot of these stories. A lot of them are not written from a neutral point of view. Some historians that study Native American cultures are careful when they use these stories as sources.

Captivity narratives from North America were published through the 18th and 19th centuries. They are a part of English literature, and more stories were written in India and East Asia later on.

Colonists in New England were often captured by Canadians and their Indian allies. This was because New France and New England had competition at the time. (This happened to the Canadians as well). The number of captives taken from the fifteenth through the nineteenth centuries are unclear, however. Some think that about 1,641 New Englanders were taken hostage during King Phillip's War (1675). When the whites and Indians had conflicts in the mid-nineteenth century, hundreds of women and children were captured.

Escape reflex

Many animals have one or more special escape reflexes. These get the animal out of trouble quickly. They use special nervous structures to do this.

Examples:

Escape reflexes have high survival value.

The Wild Baby

The Wild Baby () is a children's book series about a wild young infant boy named Ben. The books were written in Swedish by Barbro Lindgren and illustrated by Eva Eriksson. It was made into puppetry in 2010.

Max (book series)

Den Max is a children's book series. The books were written by Barbro Lindgren. Eva Eriksson illustrated the books.


Nélida Romero

Nélida Romero (17 January 1926 – 14 January 2015) was an Argentine actress. She starred in the movies "Madame Bovary" (1947), "Arroz con leche" (1950), and "The Honourable Tenant" (1951).

Romero was born in Lanús. She was married to the movie director Carlos Schlieper from 1944 to 1957.

Romero died on 14 January 2015 in Buenos Aires, aged 88.

Mordechai Shmuel Ashkenazi

Mordechai Shmuel Ashkenazi (‎; 1943 – 14 January 2015) was an Israeli Orthodox rabbi and writer. He was a member of the Chabad Hasidic movement. He was the chief rabbi of the Chabad community of Kfar Chabad, Israel from 1983 until his death. He was also an authority on Halakha (Jewish law) and Hasidic philosophy.

Ashkenazi was educated in Tel Aviv and Brooklyn, New York in the United States. He had nine sons, some of whom also became rabbis.

Ashkenazi died from a heart attack on 14 January 2015, aged 71.

Sonja Härdin

Sonja Härdin, born 1945, is a Swedish illustrator. She illustrated all Bert books in the old series However, the first Bert book was illustrated by Sören Olsson. She also illustrated the reversion edition of the first Bert book. She gave Bert and the other figures in the Bert Diaries their cahracteristic looks. From "Berts bekännelser" the style was changed. Darker images were added. She has also illustrated articles in Kamratposten. Also, she illustrated school coursebooks like "Nya Min matematik". Nya Min matematik is a series of mathematics books for Swedish elementary schools. She has also illustrated Trafik-Trolle.


Eva Eriksson

Eva Eriksson (born 13 May 1949 in Halmstad, Sweden) is a Swedish illustrator and writer. She has illustrated several children's books Among her illustrations are books by writers like Barbro Lindgren and Viveca Lärn.

She educated herself at Konstfack in Stockholm. Between 2003-2012 she held seat number 1 of the Swedish Academy for Children's Books.

SummerSlam (2005)

SummerSlam (2005) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on August 21, 2005 at MCI Center in Washington, D.C.. It was the eighteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWE.

The main match for the "Raw" brand saw Hulk Hogan defeat Shawn Michaels. Hogan defeated Michaels by pinfall after he hit Michaels with the leg drop. The main match for the "SmackDown!" brand saw Batista defeat John "Bradshaw" Layfield in a No Holds Barred match to retain his World Heavyweight Championship. Batista won the match by pinfall after he performed two Batista Bombs, with the second one on the steel ring steps. Another main match for the "Raw" brand saw John Cena defeat Chris Jericho and retain his WWE Championship. Cena won the match by pinfall after he hit Jericho with the FU. The main match on the undercard saw Rey Mysterio defeat Eddie Guerrero in a ladder match for the custody of Mysterio's son Dominik. Mysterio won the match after he climbed a ladder and grabbed the briefcase that was hanging above the ring.


Swedish Academy for Children's Books

The Swedish Academy for Children's Books () is a nonprofit society. It was established on 26 May 1989 at the Skärholmen Library in Stockholm in Sweden. It is based on the Swedish Academy. Its ambitions is to promote children's and youth literature.

Since 1990, the society awards the "Eldsjälen Award".


University of Copenhagen

The University of Copenhagen was founded in 1479. It is the oldest university and research institution in Denmark. it is the second oldest institution for higher education in Scandinavia after Uppsala University (1477). The university has 23,473 undergraduate students, 17,398 postgraduate students, 2,968 doctoral students and more than 9,000 employees. It has four campuses located in and around Copenhagen. The headquarters are located in central Copenhagen. Most courses are taught in Danish. However, many courses are also offered in English. A few are taught in German. The university has several thousands of foreign students. About half come from Nordic countries.

The university is a member of the International Alliance of Research Universities (IARU). The Academic Ranking of World Universities, compiled by Shanghai Jiao Tong University, ranked the University of Copenhagen as the leading university in Scandinavia. It is ranked 39th best university in the world in 2014. It is ranked 45th in the 2014 QS World University Rankings. 


Desert Island Discs

Desert Island Discs is a biographical and factual radio programme produced by Bob Symes. It is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in the United Kingdom. It was first broadcast on the BBC Home Service on 29 January 1942.

Each week a person (called a "castaway") is asked to choose eight pieces of music, a book and a luxury item that they would take if they were to be cast away on a desert island (an island that is not lived on by humans). They discuss their lives and the reasons for their choices.

More than 3,000 episodes have been recorded. There aren't that many castaways, though, because a few castaways have appeared more than once. Some programmes had two people as the castaway.

The programme was created by Roy Plomley. After Plomley's death in 1985, the programme was presented by Michael Parkinson. From 1988 to 2006, it was presented by Sue Lawley. Since 2006, the show has been presented by Kirsty Young. She interviewed illustrator Quentin Blake on her first show, broadcast on 1 October 2006.

The light music composition by Eric Coates called "By the Sleepy Lagoon" is the signature tune of the programme. 


Olympia Dukakis

Olympia Dukakis (June 20, 1931 – May 1, 2021) was an American actress. She acted in movies and television and on stage. In 1987, she received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award for her performance in the movie "Moonstruck". She also received an Emmy Award nomination for her performance as Anna Madrigal in the miniseries "Tales of the City".

Dukakis was the daughter of Greek immigrants. She was born in Lowell, Massachusetts on June 20, 1931. She was a cousin of 1988 presidential candidate Michael Dukakis. From 1962 until his death in 2018, she was married to actor Louis Zorich.

Dukakis died at her home in New York City on May 1, 2021. She was 89 years old.

The Substitute (1996)

The Substitute is a 1996 action and crime-thriller movie. The movie is about high school gangs in an inner-city area. Ernie Hudson plays Principal Claude. Glenn Plummer plays Darrell Sherman.

The movie got mixed to negative review from critics.

Gerard 't Hooft

Gerardus 't Hooft (born July 5, 1946) is a Dutch physicist. He shared the 1999 Nobel Prize in Physics with his doctoral advisor Martinus J. G. Veltman.

'T Hooft is well known for his theories about gauge theory, black holes, and quantum gravity.

He is married to Albertha Schik (Betteke) and has two daughters, Saskia and Ellen.

Gerard 't Hooft was born in Den Helder on July 5, 1946, but grew up in The Hague. He was the middle child of a family of three.

After Gerard 't Hooft passed his high school exams in 1964, he saved in the physics program at Utrecht University.In 1969, 't Hooft started on his PhD with Martinus Veltman as his advisor. In 1971 his first paper was published.

Johanna Thydell

Johanna Thydell (born 14 November 1980 in Nässjö, Sweden) is a Swedish wrtier. Her 2003 book "In the Ceiling the Stars Are Shining" was given the August Prize.

She was born in Nässjö. She grew up in Värnamo. After secondary school she attended a writer's course. She then got contact with writer Magnus Utvik. He assisting her to become a writer. She was a 2004 Sommar host. She studied at the writer's line course at Fridhems Folk High School in Svalöv. She also studied culture-courses focusing at literature and film at the Stockholm University.



Max Lundgren

Max Lundgren, born 22 March 1937, dead 27 May 2005, was a Swedish children's books writer. His debut book, "Hunden som äntligen visslade", was released in 1962. He wrote totally circa 50 books. Some of his books also TV series. Among his more famous works are "Pojken med guldbyxorna" and the books about fictional Swedish soccer club "Åshöjdens BK".



Åshöjdens BK

Åshöjdens BK is a book series about a fictional soccer club in northwestern Scania in Sweden. The stories were created by Max Lundgren

The series consists of four novels. It depicts a soccer club which is promoted across a promotion and relegation-based Swedish league system. Finally, they lose the Allsvenskan qualifying game. In 1985, a TV series based on the book series was made.

Sometimes, sports journalists talk of the "real Åshöjdens BK". That occurs when a club, often in rural districts, quickly is promoted from the lower to higher divisions within some seasons. An example is Ljungskile SK. That club was promotion higher and higher during the early-mid 1990s.


1888 Sundsvall fire

The 1888 Sundsvall Fire () was a fire in the town of Sundsvall in Sweden. The fire happened on 25 June 1888. The fire occurred during a storm. The storm allowed the fire to spread fast among the wooden houses in town. The same day a fire also occurred in the town of Umeå.

Yao Beina

Yao Beina (born 姚贝娜; 26 September 1981 – 16 January 2015) was a Chinese singer and actress. She was born in Wuhan, Hubei. She sang "Let It Go" for the Chinese version of "Frozen". She was known for her song "The Painted 2" and "Life in the River"

Beina died of breast cancer in Shenzhen, Guangdong, aged 33.


Ian Athfield

Sir Ian Charles Athfield (15 July 1940 – 16 January 2015) was a New Zealand architect. He was born in Christchurch. In 1963, he joined Structon Group Architects, and he became a partner in 1965. In 1968 he was a principal partner in setting up Athfield Architects with Ian Dickson and Graeme John Boucher (Manson).


Jean-Claude Baker

Jean-Claude Baker (born Jean-Claude Julien Léon Tronville, April 18, 1943 – January 15, 2015) was a French-American restaurateur. He was born in Dijon, France.

He met U.S.-born French entertainer Josephine Baker while he was working as a bellhop in Paris at the age of fourteen in 1958. He became the last of twelve children adopted into Baker's Rainbow Family. In 1994 he co-authored a biography of Josephine Baker, "Josephine: The Hungry Heart", described as a "shocking look into the star's seriously whitewashed past".

Baker was found dead at his home in East Hampton, New York on January 15, 2015, of an apparent suicide. He was 71.

Malese Jow

Malese Jow (born February 18, 1991) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She played Geena in the sitcom "Unfabulous". She played Julia in "Star-Crossed".

She was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

SummerSlam (2004)

SummerSlam (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on August 15, 2004 at Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario. It was the seventeenth SummerSlam event held by the WWE.

The main match for the "Raw" brand saw Randy Orton defeat Chris Benoit to win the World Heavyweight Championship. Orton won the match by pinfall after he performed an RKO on Benoit. By winning the championship, Orton became the youngest World Heavyweight Champion in WWE history. The main match for the "SmackDown!" brand was a match between John "Bradshaw" Layfield and The Undertaker for the WWE Championship. JBL won the match by disqualification after The Undertaker hit him with the championship.


Robert Gover

Robert Gover (November 2, 1929 – January 12, 2015) was an American journalist. He became a best-selling novelist at age 30. He was known for his books "One Hundred Dollar Misunderstanding" and "Time and Money".

James Naanman Daman

James Naanman Daman (April 10, 1956 – January 12, 2015) was a Nigerian Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1982. Daman was named bishop of the Diocese of Jalingo, Nigeria, in 2000. He was named the first bishop of the Diocese of Shendam in 2007.

Daman died on January 12, 2015 at the age of 58 in Jalingo.

Frank Glazer

Frank Glazer (February 19, 1915 – January 13, 2015) was an American pianist, composer and professor of music. In 1939 Glazer performed with the Boston Symphony Orchestra under Sergei Koussevitzky. Glazer served in the US Army as an interpreter from 1943 to 1945 in Germany and France. In 1980 Glazer left Eastman and became artist in residence at Bates College in Maine. In the 1960s he recorded the complete piano music of Erik Satie for the Vox label.

Glazer died in New York City, aged 99.

Ted Harrison

Edward Hardy "Ted" Harrison, CM (August 28, 1926 – January 16, 2015) was an English Canadian artist. He was known for his paintings of the Yukon. Harrison died in his sleep at the age of 88 on January 16, 2015.


Missy Franklin

Melissa Jeanette Franklin (born May 10, 1995) is an American competition swimmer. At the 2012 Olympics in London, she won five medals, four of them were gold. At the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, she won one gold medal.

Franklin also won medals at other sporting events.

Franklin was born in Pasadena, California.

Jerry Dempsey

Jerome Richard "Dick, Jerry" Dempsey (April 21, 1933 – January 14, 2015) was an American businessman, educator, and politician.

Dempsey was born in Henderson, Minnesota. Dempsey served in the United States Army from 1955 to 1957. He received his bachelor's degree from the University of St. Thomas. Dempsey was also in the banking business. From 1993 until 2006, Dempsey served in the Minnesota House of Representatives. He was a Republican. His brother Terry Dempsey also served in the Minnesota Legislature.

Dempsey died in Hastings, Minnesota where he had lived since 1960.

Rimma Markova

Rimma Vasilievna Markova (; 3 March 1925 – 15 January 2015) was a Russian movie actress. She began acting in 1951. She was named a People's Artist of Russia in 1994. Her younger brother Leonid Markov was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1985. She was best known her her roles in the movies "The Alive and the Dead" (1964), "The Pokrovsky Gate" (1982), "The Outskirts" (1998), "Night Watch" (2004), "Day Watch" (2006), "The Best Movie" (2008), and "Burnt by the Sun 2" (2010).

Markova was born in the Samara Oblast.

Markova died on 16 January 2015 in Moscow, aged 89.

Ethel Lang

Ethel Lang (née Lancaster; 27 May 1900 – 15 January 2015) was a British supercentenarian and, at the time of her death, the oldest living person in the United Kingdom (after the death of Grace Jones on 14 November 2013), the ninth oldest living person in the world and the second-oldest living person in Europe after Emma Morano.

Lang was born in Worsbrough, near Barnsley, to Charles and Sarah Lancaster. She left school at the age of 13 to work in a shirt factory. She married William Lang in 1922 and their daughter Margaret was born in 1923. Lang's mother lived to the age of 91, and her great-grandmother to the age of 92.

Lang was the last living British person to have been born during the reign of Queen Victoria.

Joseph Mukasa Zuza

Joseph Mukasa Zuza (2 October 1945 – 15 January 2015) was a Malawian Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest on 2 July 1986. He was appointed the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mzuzu on 3 March 1995.

Emma Morano

Emma Morano-Martinuzzi (29 November 1899 – 15 April 2017) was an Italian supercentenarian. At the age of 117, she was the oldest living person in the world from 13 May 2016 until her death on 15 April 2017. She was the last verified person living to have been born in the 1800s.

She was the 4th-oldest person in history at her death, behind Jeanne Calment, Sarah Knauss and Marie-Louise Meilleur. She is the oldest person from Italy or ever lived in Italy and the oldest living Italian and European person after the death of Maria Redaelli on 2 April 2013.

She was born on 29 November 1899 in Civiasco (Province of Vercelli) in the region of Piedmont to Giovanni Morano and Matilde Bresciani, the eldest of eight children, five daughters and three sons. 

In October 1926, she married Giovanni Martinuzzi (1901-1978) and in 1937 her only child was born; unfortunately he died when he was only six months old. The marriage was not happy so in 1938, Morano decided to separate from her husband. On her 115th birthday, Morano was still living alone in her home.

Morano died of heart disease, at her home in Pallanza, Italy, on 15 April 2017, at the age of 117 years and 137 days. She was succeeded as the world's oldest living person by Violet Brown of Jamaica, and as the Europe's oldest living person by Ana Vela-Rubio of Spain.

Arrondissements of the Allier department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Allier department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Allier department are:

Since its creation, the Allier department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Montluçon

The arrondissement of Montluçon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Allier "département". Its capital is the city of Montluçon, a subprefecture of the department.

On 4 March 1790, with the establishment of the department of Allier, Montluçon was one of the districts of the department. With the establishment of the "arrondissements" on 17 February 1800, Montluçon was one of the original "arrondissements".

The "arrondissement" of Montluçon is bordered to the north by the Cher (Centre-Val de Loire region) department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Moulins, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Vichy, to the south by the Puy-de-Dôme department and to the west by the Creuse (Nouvelle-Aquitaine region) department.

It is the westernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second largest in area of the department. It has 114,756 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Montluçon, there are 6 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Commentry, Huriel, Montluçon-1, Montluçon-2, Montluçon-3 and Montluçon-4 as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Montluçon has 89 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Moulins

The arrondissement of Moulins is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Allier "département". Its capital, and of the department, is the city of Moulins.

On 4 March 1790, with the establishment of the department of Allier, Moulins was one of the districts of the department. With the establishment of the "arrondissements" on 17 February 1800, Moulins was one of the original "arrondissements".

The "arrondissement" of Moulins is bordered to the north by the Nièvre department (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region), to the east by the Saône-et-Loire department (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region), to the south by the "arrondissement" of Vichy, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Montluçon and to the northwest by the Cher department (Centre-Val de Loire region).

It is in the northern part of the department, with an area of , the largest in area of the department. It has 106,039 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of the Allier department with fewer people living there, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Moulins, there are 3 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Moulins-1, Souvigny and Yzeure as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Moulins has 109 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Vichy

The arrondissement of Vichy is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Allier "département". Its capital is the city of Vichy, a prefecture of the department.

When the department of Allier was created on 4 March 1790, Vichy was not one of ist districts. With the establishment of the "arrondissements" on 17 February 1800, Vichy was part of the "arrondissements" of "Lapalisse".

On 24 August 1941, the capital of the "arrondissement" of "Lapalisse" was moved from the city of Lapalisse to the city of Vichy that was then the capital of the French State.

The "arrondissement" of Vichy is in the southeast of the Allier department and is bordered to the west and north by the "arrondissement" of Moulins, to the east by the Saône-et-Loire department (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region), to the southeast by the Loire department, to the south by the Puy-de-Dôme department and to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Montluçon.

It has an area of , and 122,267 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of Allier with more people living there, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Vichy, there are 5 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Bellerive-sur-Allier, Cusset, Lapalisse, Vichy-1 and Vichy-2 as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Vichy has 119 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Pamela Cundell

Pamela Isabel Cundell (born 15 January 1920 – 14 February 2015) was an English character actress. Her best-known role was as Mrs Fox in the long-running TV comedy "Dad's Army". She was born in Croydon, Surrey.


Reagan coalition

Reagan coalition is a phrase that describes a kind of politician in the United States. Reagan coalitionists are Republicans who believe in the same ideas that President of the United States Ronald Reagan had. They are often from very conservative states. The term began during the Reagan Era when Reagan won his major landslide election in 1980 and in 1984.

Byron Janis

Byron Janis (March 24, 1928 – March 14, 2024) was an American classical pianist. He made several recordings for RCA Victor and Mercury Records, and occupies two volumes of the Philips series "Great Pianists of the 20th Century". 

His discography covers music inspired by Beethoven to David W. Guion and includes major piano concertos from Mozart to Rachmaninoff and Prokofiev. Janis and his wife, Maria Cooper, daughter of screen actor Gary Cooper, wrote his autobiography "Chopin and Beyond: My Extraordinary Life in Music and the Paranormal", which was released in November 2010. In the DVD "A Voyage With Byron Janis", he hosts a musical journey through Chopin's life. Martin Scorsese is developing a Byron Janis Biopic for Paramount Pictures from a script by Peter Glanz. The project is based on Janis' autobiography. Janis died of natural causes on March 14, 2024 at the age of 95.


Barbara Cook

Barbara Cook (October 25, 1927 – August 8, 2017) was an American singer and actress. She became known during the 1950s after starring in the original Broadway musicals "Plain and Fancy" (1955), "Candide" (1956) and "The Music Man" (1957) among others, winning a Tony Award for the last.

Cook died from respiratory failure on August 8, 2017 in New York City at the age of 89.


Dolores Gray

Dolores Gray (June 7, 1924 – June 26, 2002) was an American actress and singer. She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Lead Actress in a Musical twice, winning once for her role in "Carnival in Flanders".

Gray died of a heart attack in Manhattan, aged 78.


Mildred Miller

Mildred Miller (December 16, 1924 in Cleveland, Ohio – November 29, 2023) was an American classical mezzo-soprano. He had a major career performing in operas, concerts, and recitals during the mid twentieth century. She was known as a principal artist at the Metropolitan Opera from 1951 through 1974. 

In 1978 she founded the Opera Theater of Pittsburgh, serving as the company's Artistic Director through 1999.

Mildred Miller died on November 29, 2023, at the age of 98.


Jon Vickers

Jonathan Stewart Vickers, (October 29, 1926 – July 10, 2015), known professionally as Jon Vickers, was a Canadian heldentenor. In 1957 Vickers joined London’s Royal Opera House, Covent Garden company. In 1960 he joined the Metropolitan Opera. He became world famous for a wide range of German, French and Italian roles.


Philippe Entremont

Philippe Entremont (born 7 June 1934 in Reims) is a French classical pianist and conductor. His recordings as a pianist include concertos by Tchaikovsky, Rachmaninoff, Saint-Saëns and others.


Echo and the Bunnymen

Echo and the Bunnymen is an English alternative rock band formed in Liverpool in 1978.


The Fountain

The Fountain is the tenth studio album by Echo and the Bunnymen. The album was released on November 10, 2009.

All tracks written by Ian McCulloch, John McLaughlin, Simon Perry, David Thomas, and Will Sergeant, except where noted.


Andrew Chan

Andrew Chan (12 January 1984 – 29 April 2015) was an Australian citizen convicted and executed in Indonesia for drug smuggling.

Chan was born in Sydney, New South Wales on 12 January 1984. He was the son of Cantonese-speaking Chinese immigrants. He was convicted in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine. In 2005, he was arrested at Ngurah Rai International Airport in Denpasar, Bali. Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were believed to have arranged the heroin smuggling operation. After a criminal trial on 14 February 2006, Chan was sentenced to execution by firing squad. While in prison, Chan converted to Christianity.
On 16 January 2015, Chan and Sukumaran were ordered to be executed after nine years in jail. On 6 February 2015, the government said that this would take place at the end of the month.

On 11 February 2015 the government said that Chan and Sukumaran would be moved from Kerobokan prison to Nusakambangan Island where the execution would take place. On 24 February 2015 their lawyers challenged Indonesian President Joko Widodo's refusal to grant clemency. This legal challenge failed. The prisoners were moved to Nusakambangan Island on 4 March. On 6 April 2015, Chan and Sukumaran's lawyers went to the state administrative court in a last try to stop the executions; this was unsuccessful. On 24 April 2015, the government ordered the final preparations for the execution of Chan and Sukumaran, as well as eight others on death row. The pair, along with seven other death row inmates, were given a 72-hour notice of their executions on 25 April (ANZAC Day).

On 27 April 2015, Chan married his Indonesian fiancee Febyanti Herewila.

He was executed by firing squad on 29 April 2015. On 2 May 2015, the bodies of Chan and Sukumaran arrived back in Sydney along with the Sukumaran family and Chan's widow Febyanti Herewila, while the rest of Chan's family arrived back a day earlier.

Myuran Sukumaran

Myuran Sukumaran (; 17 April 1981 – 29 April 2015) was an Australian citizen who was executed in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine. He was born in London, England. His parents were Sri Lankan immigrants. He moved to Australia at a young age.

In 2005, Sukumaran was arrested at Ngurah Rai International Airport in Denpasar, Bali. Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were the apparent co-ringleaders of the heroin smuggling operation. After a criminal trial on 14 February 2006, Sukumaran was sentenced to execution by firing squad.

On 30 December 2014, Sukumaran's request for was rejected by the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo. Sukumaran and Chan were in prison at Nusakambangan Island in isolation cells. On 16 January 2015, Sukumaran and Chan were ordered to be executed after nine years in jail. On 6 February 2015, it was stated that Chan and Sukumaran would be executed by the end of the month. On 11 February 2015, Indonesian authorities approved the move of Chan and Sukumaran from Kerobokan prison to Nusakambangan Island in preparation for execution. On 24 February 2015, a final appeal to save Chan and Sukumaran from execution, with their lawyers appeal bid to challenge President Widodo's refusal to grant clemency, failed. The move from Kerobokan prison to Nusakambangan Island was on 4 March. On 6 April 2015, Chan and Sukumaran's lawyers faced the state administrative court to challenge President Joko Widodo's refusal to grant clemency, in a final attempt to stop the executions. This was also unsuccessful. On 24 April 2015, prosecutors ordered the final preparations for the execution of Chan and Sukumaran, as well as eight others on death row. On 25 April (ANZAC Day), the pair, along with 7 other death row prisoners, were given a 72-hour notice of their executions.

Sukumaran was executed by firing squad on 29 April 2015 along with Chan as well as Nigerians Raheem Agbaje Salami, Okwuduli Oyatanze, Sylvester Obiekwe Nwolise, Ghanaian Martin Anderson, Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte and Indonesian Zainal Abidin.

Sukumaran's funeral was conducted at Dayspring Church, Castle Hill on 9 May 2015.

Triunfo del amor

Triunfo del amor (Triumph of Love) is a Mexican telenovela. It aired from October 25, 2010 to June 26, 2011. It is produced by Televisa.


1888 Umeå fire

The 1888 Umeå Fire () was a fire in the town of Umeå in Sweden. The fire happened on 25 June 1888. The fire occurred during a storm. The storm allowed the fire to spread fast among the wooden houses in town. When the town was rebuilt, stone houses became more common than wooden houses. Birchtrees were planted between the streets. This was because birchtrees are thought to not catch fire so easy. This has led to Umeå becoming known as the "town of birchtrees" (). The same day a fire also occurred in the town of Sundsvall.

Union between Sweden and Norway

The Union of Sweden and Norway (; ), officially the United Kingdoms of Sweden and Norway, was a personal union. It consisted of the separate kingdoms of Sweden and Norway under the same monarch. It lasted from 1814 to 1905. In 1905 Sweden accepted Norway leaving the union. Both states kept their separate constitutions, laws, legislatures, administrations, state churches, armed forces, and currencies. However the kings mostly resided in Stockholm. Stockholm was also the town where foreign diplomatic representations were located.

World Conference of Life and Work

The World Conference of Life and Work () was an ecumenic conference. It was held on the initiative of Church of Sweden archbishop Nathan Söderblom in the town of Stockholm in Sweden in 1925. It was held to discuss social cooperation. Most major Christian denominations attended the meeting. Some exceptions were the Roman Catholic Church and the Pentecostal movement.

November Storm of 1995

The November Storm of 1995 () was a snowstorm. It originated from the North Sea in mid-November 1995. It begun on Thursday 16 November 1995. The storm culminated on Friday morning, 17 November 1995. The storm stroke towards. the southern and western parts of Sweden. Traffic was heavily affected.

Several November records for deep snow were broken. Measuring started in 1995.


Christmas Hurricane of 1902

The Christmas Hurricane of 1902 (, ) was a storm. It stroke against Denmark and Sweden on Christmas Day 1902.

In Sweden, it hit Scania, parts of southern Kronoberg County and the west coast of Sweden. Circa 50 fishermen were killed. On land, very few people were killed. Material damages, measured in millions of Swedish crowns (as of 1902), were reported. Among the destruction caused by the hurricane were the Varberg Open Air Bath and the Mölle Open Air Baths as well as the Ribergsborgs and the Sibbarp Open Air Baths in Malmö. The Örgryte Church tower spire fell off.

She's Funny That Way

She's Funny That Way (originally Squirrels to the Nuts) is a 2015 American comedy-drama movie. The movie is about a prostitute-turned-Broadway actress. Imogen Poots plays Isabella "Izzy" Beatty. Owen Wilson plays Arnold Albertson. Austin Pendleton plays Judge Pendergast. Jennifer Aniston plays Jane Claremont. It was screened at the Venice Film Festival, Aug. 29, 2014. In a deal valued at $4.5 million, it was picked up by U.S. distributor Clarius Entertainment. The date of release is spring 2015.

Stone of Scone

The Stone of Scone, also known as the Stone of Destiny, and the Coronation Stone, is a stone used in the coronation ceremonies of England and Scotland. It is an oblong shaped block of red sandstone. It was kept at the now-ruined Scone Abbey in Scone, near Perth, Scotland. Its size is about by by and weighs about . The Stone of Scone was last used in 1953 for the coronation of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

SummerSlam (2002)

SummerSlam (2002) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on August 25, 2002 at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York. It was the fifteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWE.

The main match for the "SmackDown!" brand saw Brock Lesnar defeat The Rock to win the WWE Undisputed Championship. Lesnar won the match by pinfall after he hit The Rock with the F-5. The main match for the "Raw" brand saw Shawn Michaels defeat Triple H in an Unsanctioned Street Fight. Michaels won the match by pinfall after he reversed Triple H's pedigree attempt into a jackknife roll-up. The main match which was featured from both brands was an interpromotional match between Rob Van Dam and Chris Benoit for the WWE Intercontinental Championship. RVD won the match by pinfall after he hit the Five-Star Frog Splash on Benoit. By winning, RVD was able to win the championship.


Streisand effect

The Streisand effect is the name for a phenomenon: When an attempt is made to remove a piece of information (because it is not meant for the specific audience), it gets much more publicity than intended, and becomes known more widely. The effect is named after Barbra Streisand; Streisand made an attempt to get a photo of her house removed from a collection of thousands of photos of Malibu, California in 2003. 

Amoeboid movement

Amoeboid movement is the most common type of movement in eukaryotic cells. 

It is a crawling type of movement got by pushing out cell cytoplasm in the form of pseudopodia ("false feet"). The cytoplasm slides and forms a pseudopodium in front to move the cell forward. 

This type of movement is observed in amoebae, slime molds and some other protozoans such as "Naegleria gruberi", as well as some cells in humans such as white blood cells. Sarcomas, or cancers arising from connective tissue cells, are particularly good at amoeboid movement, thus leading to their high rate of metastasis.

The exact mechanism is still unknown. It involves actin-myosin molecules inside the cytoplasm.

Arcsecond

An arcsecond (second of arc), represented by the symbol formula_1, is a unit of angle used in mathematics and astronomy. An arcsecond is 1/60th of an arcminute (minute of arc), which in turn is 1/60th of a degree. Therefore, an arcsecond is equal to 1/3600th of a degree, meaning that there are 360 × 60 × 60 = 1,296,000 arcseconds in a full circle.

One milliarcsecond (mas) is a thousandth (1/1000th) of an arcsecond. So there are 1,296,000,000 milliarcseconds in a full circle. The red supergiant stars Antares, Betelgeuse, Mu Cephei, VV Cephei A, and VY Canis Majoris all have angular diameters (apparent sizes in the sky) of more than 10 milliarcseconds, when seen from Earth.


David Oppegaard

David Oppegaard (born in Lake Crystal, Minnesota) is an American novelist.

In 2008, Oppegaard wrote "The Suicide Collectors". It was his first novel. He was nominated for the Bram Stoker Award for Best First Novel by the Horror Writers Association. One year later, he published his second work, "Woormwood, Nevada".

Oppegaard attended Saint Olaf College, Northfield and Hamline University, Saint Paul. Both are in Minnesota. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Saint Olaf. He has a Master of Fine Arts degree from Hamline.



Simple sentence

A simple sentence (sometimes called an independent clause) is a sentence that contains one subject and one verb. It has only one clause. It must also express a complete thought. This follows the rules of syntax in English grammar.

A simple sentence is not defined by how short it is. A simple sentences is often short and uncomplicated. But it is not limited by the number of words used to express the thought. For example:


A simple sentence or independent clause is one that has a meaning to a reader or listener. If the sentence does not complete the thought, it may be a dependent clause. A dependent clause is one that does not express a complete thought. By itself it is a sentence fragment. It may look like a simple sentence, but it will not make sense on its own. 




Peripheral artery disease

Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is a disease of the blood vessels in the legs. It can cause leg pain with walking, or if it gets bad it can cause wounds on the skin of the feet and toes. Peripheral artery disease is a serious disease that can be fatal. Some people who get very sick from PAD may need surgery to improve blood flow in their legs and feet. If their feet get really sick they may need an amputation.

PA is also sometimes called peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD), peripheral obliterative arteriopathy, or peripheral vascular disease (PVD). 

Ashanti

Ashanti, or Asante, are a nation and the largest subgroup of the Akan people. They live mostly in Ghana and Ivory Coast. They speak the Akan language and the Asante dialect, and are of Akan origin.

Before European colonization, the Ashanti people developed a large and influential empire in West Africa. The Ashanti later developed the powerful Ashanti Confederacy or 'Asanteman'. They were the dominant presence in the region. The Asantehene is the political and spiritual head of the Asantes.

Foreign Correspondent

Foreign Correspondent is a 1940 American spy movie. This movie is about a reporter who tries to expose enemy spies in Britain. Joel McCrea plays Johnny Jones. Laraine Day plays Carol. 

Alfred Hitchcock directed the movie.

This movie was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture. It did not win any.


Faten Hamama

Faten Hamama (, , 27 May 1931 – 17 January 2015) was an Egyptian producer and actress of movie and television. She was known for her roles in "The Blocked Road", "Struggle in the Valley", "Our Sweet Days", "I don't Sleep", and "Don't Turn off the Sun".

Hamama died 17 on January 2015 following a short illness, aged 83.


The Paradine Case

The Paradine Case is an American 1947 courtroom thriller drama movie. This is about a lawyer who falls in love with a woman being accused of murder. Gregory Peck plays a lawyer. Ann Todd plays Gay. Alida Valli plays the woman accused of murder. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1948.

The movie received mixed reviews from critics.


Stuart Loory

Stuart Hugh Loory (May 22, 1932 – January 16, 2015) was an American journalist and educator. He was born in Wilson, Pennsylvania.

In 1980, he joined the staff of Turner Broadcasting Systems' Cable News Network (as managing editor of the Washington bureau, 1980–82; Moscow bureau chief, 1983–86; senior correspondent, 1986; executive producer, 1987–90; editor-in-chief of "CNN World Report", 1990–91; vice-president of CNN, 1990–95; executive vice-president, Turner International Broadcasting, Russia, 1993–97).

Loory died of lung cancer in Brooklyn, New York on January 16, 2015, aged 82.


Ann Todd

Dorothy Anne Todd (24 January 1909 – 6 May 1993) was an English producer and actress. In the movie "Perfect Strangers", she played a nurse. She played Kay in "Ships with Wings".

Todd was born in Hartford, Cheshire, England. She died of a stroke in London at age eighty four.

Dial M for Murder

Dial M for Murder is an American 1954 crime drama movie. It was directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The movie is about a plot to murder. Grace Kelly plays Margot. Ray Milland plays Tony.

The movie performed very well at the box office.


Claire Bloom

Claire Bloom (born February 15, 1931) is an English stage and movie actress. She has been working for over 60 years. She has played leading roles in many movies. She played Terry in the movie "Limelight". She played Theodora in "The Haunting" (1963)

Bloom was born in London, England.

The Haunting (1963 movie)

The Haunting is a 1963 British horror movie. It is based on novel "The Haunting of Hill House" The movie is about a small group of people who come to a haunted house that comes to life. Julie Harris plays Eleanor. Claire Bloom plays Theodora. Richard Johnson plays Dr. Markway. It was released on 16 September 1963.

This movie was remade in 1999. Many critics did not like the remake.


Robert Wise

Robert Wise (September 10, 1914 – September 14, 2005) was an American movie director, editor and producer. He received Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Picture on both "West Side Story" (1961) and "The Sound of Music" (1965). He is also known for directing "The Day the Earth Stood Still".

Wise was born in Winchester, Indiana. He died in Los Angeles from heart failure four days after his 91st birthday.

Tom Kinslow

Thomas F. Kinslow (January 12, 1866 – February 22, 1901) was a professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1886 until 1898. He played the position catcher. He played for eight teams in his ten-season career. He played four of his eight seasons with the Brooklyn Bridegrooms. During his playing days, his height was listed at , his weight was . He batted and threw right-handed, and had blonde hair.

Thomas Kinslow was born on January 12, 1866 in Washington, D.C.. His father, Michael worked as a laborer and an ice dealer. His father later worked in the oyster business. He began playing baseball around the neighborhood on a team known as the "Quicks". Kinslow also played with a team called the Falcons.

Kinslow made his MLB debut with the Washington Nationals on June 4, 1886 as their starting catcher. He injured his finger in the third inning trying to catch a bad pitch thrown by Bob Barr, and had to leave the game. On June 15, he was again injured by a Barr pitch, and forced to leave the game with a dislocated finger. He played in three games for the Nationals in 1886, collecting two hits in eight at bats.

Kinslow played the next two seasons for the Tecumsehs, and had a batting average of .200 in 1888. In 1889, he improved is batting average to .343. In 1890, he signed with Ward's Wonders of Brooklyn. During the season, he had a batting average of .264, and caught 64 games. On June 28, he hit the first home run of his career in a game against Henry Gruber. Later, on July 11, he hit two home runs in the same game off of George Keefe.

West Side Story (1961 movie)

West Side Story is a 1961 American romantic crime drama musical. It is an adaptation of the 1957 Broadway musical play of the same name. Natalie Wood plays Maria. Rita Moreno plays Anita. Robert Wise directed the movie. It is based on the play Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare. 

This movie won Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Sound and Best Director. It also won many other awards.

American

American(s) might mean:










Robert Berner

Robert Arbuckle Berner (November 25, 1935 – January 10, 2015) was an American scientist and educator. He was known for his work to the modeling of the carbon cycle. He taught geology and geophysics from 1965 to 2007 at Yale University.

Berner was born in Erie, Pennsylvania. He married Elizabeth Marshall Kay in 1959 and had three children.

Berner died after a long illness on January 10, 2015 in New Haven, Connecticut. He was 79.

Inge Vermeulen

Inge Joanna Francisca Vermeulen (6 January 1985 – 10 January 2015) was a Brazilian-Dutch field hockey player. She played as a goalkeeper for three teams and two international teams: Brazil and the Netherlands.

Vermeulen was born in Americana, São Paulo and moved to the Netherlands at a young age.

Vermeulen committed suicide (killed herself) on 10 January 2015 in Utrecht. She was 30.

Natalino Pescarolo

Natalino Pescarolo (March 26, 1929 – January 4, 2015) was a Roman Catholic bishop.

He was ordained to the priesthood on June 29, 1952. Pescarolo was named auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Cuneo in 1990. In 1992, he was appointed bishop of Fossano and in 1999, he was also appointed bishop of Cuneo. He retired in 2005.

Leif Rantala

Leif Rantala (December 26, 1947, Liljendal – January 8, 2015, Rovaniemi) was a Finnish-Swedish linguist. He was a specialist of Sami languages, cultures of history, especially of the Kola Peninsula.

Paul Morgan (rugby)

Paul Morgan (3 October 1974 – 12 January 2015) was a Welsh professional rugby union and rugby league footballer, rugby union coach, and cricketer. He was born in Pencoed. He played club level rugby union (RU) for Pencoed RFC (twice), London Welsh RFC (while at Brunel University), Whitland RFC, Aberavon RFC (twice), Llanharan RFC, Bridgend Ravens, Maesteg RFC, as a Centre, i.e. number 12 or 13.

He played at a representative level rugby league (RL) for Wales (Heritage #432), and at club level for Aberavon Fighting Irish, Bridgend Blue Bulls (twice), Celtic Crusaders, as a , or , i.e. number 2 or 5, or, 3 or 4, playing cricket for Pencoed Cricket Club (captain), and coaching club level rugby union (RU) for Neath Athletic RFC, and Aberavon Quins RFC.

Paul O'Grady (politician)

Paul Thomas Francis O'Grady (14 July 1960 – 18 January 2015) was an Australian politician. He was a Labor member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1988 to 1996. He was the first openly gay member of the New South Wales Parliament.

O'Grady came out in 1990. In 1996 he resigned because of bad health. Later that year, he said that he had AIDS. He was diagnosed with cancer in 2011. He died at Sacred Heart Hospice in Darlinghurst on 18 January 2015, aged 54.

Don Harron

Donald Hugh (Don) Harron (September 19, 1924 – January 17, 2015) was a Canadian comedian, actor, television director, journalist, author, playwright and composer. Harron was known for his roles in "Charlie Farquharson" and in "Anne of Green Gables – The Musical". He hosted the radio program, "Morningside". Harron was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Harron died in Toronto from cancer, aged 90. She was married to actress Virginia Leith.

Indio, California

Indio is a city in Riverside County, California, United States. It is in the Coachella Valley of Southern California's Colorado Desert region. The population was 89,137 at the 2020 census.

Lee J. Cobb

Lee J. Cobb (December 8, 1911February 11, 1976) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles in "12 Angry Men", "On the Waterfront", and "The Exorcist". Cobb was born in The Bronx, New York. His daughter, Julie Cobb, was also an actress.

Cobb died in Woodland Hills, California from a heart attack, aged 64.


The Family (2013 movie)

The Family is a 2013 American-French criminal comedy movie. It is set in Normandy and was directed by Luc Besson. It stars Robert De Niro, Michelle Pfeiffer, Tommy Lee Jones, Vincent Pastore, Dianna Agron, and John D'Leo. It was released to mostly positive reviews on 13 September 2013 in the United States and 23 October 2013 in France.

Where the Red Fern Grows

Where the Red Fern Grows is a 1961 novel by American author Wilson Rawls. It is about the friendship between a boy and two Redbone Coonhound hunting dogs.

This story takes place on a farm near the Ozark mountain range. The narrator, Billy Coleman, saves a Redbone Coonhound from a dog fight. He helps it recover from its wounds. He sets it free. He remembers his past. He then tells the story of how he had owned two Redbone Coonhounds when he was a boy.

As a little boy, Billy had always wanted puppies since he was ten years old. His parents tell him they don't have enough money for puppies. He decides to earn the money himself. For two years, he works many different jobs. He saves $50. His grandfather helps him order two Redbone Coonhounds. The mail does not deliver the puppies, so Billy goes to get them. He walks to Tahlequah, Oklahoma. He sees how different the city life is from his country life at home. He buys gifts for his family there. He picks up his puppies. On the way back home, he sleeps in a cave on a mountain. He hears the roar of a mountain lion. The puppies answer the roar with their howls. They scare off the lion. The next morning, Billy and the dogs return home. On the way, he sees a sycamore tree with the names Dan and Ann on it. He decides to name the puppies Old Dan and Little Ann.

Billy trains his dogs to become hunting dogs. They often mess up. Billy does not give up and continues to encourage them. He soon makes a strong loving bond with his dogs. In the end, Billy's dogs grow ill and weak and later die. He buries them on his family's farm to remember them. Soon, Billy sees a red fern growing over his dogs' graves. He sees the red fern as a symbol of the love that kept him and his dogs together.


Euclidean space

Euclidean space is the space Euclidean geometry uses. In essence, it is described in Euclid's "Elements". The Euclidean plane (formula_1) and three-dimensional space (formula_2) are part of Euclidean space, which can be generalized to any dimension "n" (in which case one writes formula_3). 

Euclidian space is sometimes called Cartesian space. A few other spaces and mathematical objects that are similar were added later. Euclid based his work "Elements" on certain axioms. Euclidean space can be described using such axioms. 



Julian Schwinger

Julian Seymour Schwinger (February 12, 1918 – July 16, 1994) was an American theoretical physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics.

Schwinger is well known for his theories about quantum electrodynamics.

Schwinger was born in New York City. His parents were Jewish from Poland.

Schwinger attended Townsend Harris High School and the City College of New York. He received a B.A. in 1936. He received a Ph.D. from Columbia University. He worked at the University of California, Berkeley.

Schwinger died of pancreatic cancer.

Sui iuris

Sui iuris is a Latin phrase that is used in law. Sometimes, the phrase is also spelled sui juris. It literally means "of its own right". It is used to say that the legal status of an institution or entity is not comparable to anything else, and there are special laws that say how this institution or entity should work. An example use is in Canon law: The Roman Catholic church say that certain churches are "sui iuris". That way the Eastern Catholic churches have their own government, and laws. Despite this, these churches still recognize the Pope of Rome as their spiritual leader.
"The Eastern Catholic Churches are not 'experimental' or 'provisional' communities; these are sui iuris Churches; One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic, with the firm canonical base of the "Code of Canons of the Eastern Churches" promulgated by Pope John Paul II." 
In Roman law, the phrase is used for someone who was independent, and that could become pater familias.

Parity of zero

Parity of zero is the question whether the number zero is even or odd. General consensus is that the number is even. Even numbers are defined to be integer multiples of two. That way, the numbers two, four and six are even, because they are one times two, two times two, and three times two. With that explanation, zero is also even, because it is zero times two. 

Another explanation is from number theory: The integers are arranged in such a way that even numbers are followed by odd ones, and odd ones by even ones. Zero is preceded by minus one, and followed by one. Both numbers are odd. So it must be even.
There is also a problem: The term "even" meaning "integer multiple of two" is a convention; people agreed on it. It is not a formal definition. Another case where people used a convention they agreed on was that of prime number: Before the 20th century, there were many inconsistent definitions of prime: Mathematicians such as Goldbach, Lambert, Legendre, Cayley, and Kronecker wrote that 1 was prime. The modern definition of "prime number" is "positive integer with exactly 2 factors", so 1 is not prime. This definition is rational: it naturally suits mathematical theorems that concern the primes. For example, the fundamental theorem of arithmetic is easier to state when 1 is not considered prime

It would be possible to redefine "even" in a way that no longer includes zero. However, in this case, the new definition would make it more difficult to state theorems concerning the even numbers. Already the effect can be seen in the algebraic rules governing even and odd numbers. The most relevant rules concern addition, subtraction, and multiplication:
Inserting appropriate values into the left sides of these rules, one can produce 0 on the right sides:

The above rules would therefore be incorrect if zero were not even. At best they would have to be modified. For example, one test study guide asserts that even numbers are characterized as integer multiples of two, but zero is "neither even nor odd". Accordingly, the guide's rules for even and odd numbers contain exceptions:

Making an exception for zero in the definition of evenness forces one to make such exceptions in the rules for even numbers. From another perspective, taking the rules obeyed by positive even numbers and requiring that they continue to hold for integers forces the usual definition and the evenness of zero.


H. Rider Haggard

Henry Rider Haggard (1856–1925) was an English writer. He is best known for his adventure novels. His novels were notable for their unusual invention and stories that kept people interested. His best novels were very popular in his lifetime. They made the genre of adventure fiction popular again. Haggard also wrote books about farming and emigration.

Haggard lived in South Africa for six years when he was a young man. Many of his novels were set in Africa, including "King Solomon's Mines" (1886), "Allan Quatermain" (1887) and "She" (1887).

In 1919, Haggard was knighted for his services to the British Empire. Haggard's autobiography, "The Days of My Life", was published in 1926 after he died. Morton Cohen's biography of Haggard was published in 1960.

White's illusion

White's illusion is a brightness illusion. Here, some stripes of a black and white grating are replaced by gray rectangles (see Fig). All gray bars usually have same color and opacity. The brightness of the gray pieces appear to shift toward the brightness of the top and bottom bordering stripes, that is, the gray bars with horizontal black regions on their top and bottom appear darker and those with white regions on their top and bottom appear lighter. But this does not match with what lateral inhibition predicts. This illusion is mostly described for grayscale. A similar illusion occurs for colored patches. This is known as Munker-White's illusion or Munker's illusion.

The amount of each bipolar cell response depends on the amount of the stimulation it receives from the receptor. Neighboring cells decrease this response. This is called lateral inhibition.

Lateral inhibition cannot explain White's illusion. In Figure 2.1 lateral inhibition sent by black cells A and C should make cell O lighter; in Figure 2.2 lateral inhibition sent by white cells A and C should make cell O darker.
Rules suggested to describe optical illusions such as simultaneous brightness contrast illusion, such as Wallach's ratio rule cannot explain White's illusion. These rules suggest that cell O in figure 2.1 receives less inhibition that cell O in figure 2.2. So, the cell O in figure 2.1 should be lighter than cell O in the other figure. However, the opposite case happens. 
White and White (1985) concluded that at a higher spatial frequency the grating of White's illusion could be described by brightness assimilation. They also concluded that at lower spatial frequencies White's illusion is still present.

The belongingness theory has been given as an explanation of White's illusion. Belongingness means that we perceive things depending on its surroundings. According to belongingness theory, the lightness of rectangle A is influenced by the white bars that surround it. Similarly, the rectangle B on the right side is surrounded by the dark bars. So, the lightness of rectangle B is affected by the dark background. As a result, area A which rests on the white background appears darker than area B which rests on the dark background.

Not all scientists accept the belongingness theory. They say that when talking about the background, it is the same as lateral inhibition.

Lateral inhibition

In neurobiology, lateral inhibition is the ability of an excited neuron to reduce the activity of its neighbors. It stops action potentials from spreading in the lateral direction. It is called lateral inhibition as it stops (inhibits) neighboring neurons from firing. This creates a contrast in stimulation. This increases perception. For example, in vision, it helps in differentiating edges. It occurs primarily in visual processes. But it has also been seen in tactile, auditory, and even olfactory processing. Cells that use lateral inhibition are mainly present in cerebral cortex and thalamus. They make up lateral inhibitory networks (LINs). Artificial sensory systems have artificial lateral inhibition built in them. Examples are vision chips, hearing systems, and optical mice.

Raif Badawi

Raif Badawi (Arabic: رائف بدوي‎; born 13 January 1984) is a Saudi Arabian writer and activist. He started the website Free Saudi Liberals in 2008. He was arrested in 2012 because of the website. The website was then taken off the internet. Badawi was sentenced to 10 years in prison and being hit with a whip: 1000 lashes (or hits). Media said in March 2022, that Badawi no longer is in prison.

Badawi has also been banned from any media work or foreign travel for 10 years after his release from prison. Badawi's first 50 lashes were given on January 9, 2015. After that, Badawi's lashes were postponed many times. In June 2015, a Saudi high court ruled that Badawi should be lashed but the lashing was postponed hours before it was going to happen. 
Badawi's wife called Ensaf Haidar believes he is weak in body and suffering mentally. She fears this may be a slow death sentence.

Badawi's sister Samar Badawi is also an activist. Her husband Waleed Abul-Khair is Raif's lawyer. He was sentenced to 15 years in prison in July 2014. Samar is working to get both her brother and husband released from prison.

Sweden–Finland

Sweden–Finland (, ) is a historiographical term. It refers to the Kingdom of Sweden from the days of the Kalmar Union in the late 14th century up to the Napoleonic Wars in to the early 19th century. In 1809 it was split into two halves. The eastern half became the Grand Duchy of Finland in personal union with the Russian Empire. The western half remained as the Kingdom of Sweden.

Adventure fiction

Adventure fiction is a type of fiction in which an adventure forms the main storyline. The adventure is usually an exciting undertaking involving risk and physical danger. Author Malins describes adventure fiction as the story "of the hero—individual or group—overcoming obstacles and dangers and accomplishing some important and moral mission." The characters in an adventure fiction are highly sympathetic. They are also ones the reader can easily relate to. There has to be a conflict to overcome and a clever villain to stop.

A key part of many adventure fictions is the hero. In most stories the hero has to succeed. At the same time the hero may be the least interesting character in the story. The hero is often timid, submissive and easily pushed around. The hero may be a superhero, a spy, a detective or even an antihero. But the hero manages to meet the challenge. All great adventure heroes seem to find the ability to beat their enemies or win over hostile environments.

Sometimes the villain wins. In Edgar Allan Poe's story "The Cask of Amontillado", the villain is the narrator of the story. Sometimes the villain wins only to be confronted again in a sequel.

In many adventure fictions, the adventure takes place in foreign lands or exotic places. One of the earliest adventure fiction writers was Daniel Defoe. His stories of "Robinson Crusoe" and "Captain Singleton" helped set the standards for the adventure fiction genre. Another British author Sir Walter Scott built on the formula. He combined history with adventure fiction. His historical romance novels "Waverley", "Rob Roy" and "Ivanhoe" were classic adventures. They helped the reader understand the hero and gave him a code of chivalry. French author Alexandre Dumas wrote "The Three Musketeers", "The Count of Monte Cristo" and "Man in the Iron Mask". These were very popular in Europe and America. His stories had strong elements of revenge and forgiveness. James Fenimore Cooper in his adventure stories "The Pioneers", "The Last of the Mohicans" and "The Pathfinder" were set in exotic new world locations. But Cooper changed the aristocratic hero into one who was noble even though not born into the nobility.


Anthony Trollope

Anthony Trollope (1815–1882) was an English novelist who wrote 47 novels and a number of other books. 

His mother Frances Trollope was also a writer. Trollope became an official of the Post Office and lived in Ireland from 1841 to 1859; he left his Post Office job in 1867.

Trollope is well known for his series of novels set in the imaginary county of Barsetshire. His first novel was published in 1847 and "The Warden", the first Barsetshire novel, in 1855. The rest of the series were published during the next 12 years: "The Barchester Chronicles" (1857), "Doctor Thorne" (1858), "Framley Parsonage" (1861), "The Small House at Allington" (1864), and "The Last Chronicle of Barset" (1867). Barsetshire is imagined as a county in southwest England. The county town is Barchester, which is the seat of the Bishop of Barchester. 

Trollope also wrote a series of political novels featuring the Palliser family. These began in 1864 with "Can You Forgive Her?". The rest of the series is "Phineas Finn" (1869), "The Eustace Diamonds" (1873), "Phineas Redux" (1876), "The Prime Minister" (1876), and "The Duke's Children" (1880). Trollope was an industrious and disciplined writer who wrote short stories, travel books and biographies as well as novels.


Sterling silver

Sterling silver is an alloy of silver containing 92.5% by mass of silver and 7.5% by mass of other metals, usually copper. The sterling silver standard has a minimum of 925 in continental European terms.

Pure silver, for example 99.9% pure, is generally too soft for making objects for use. Therefore, the silver is usually alloyed with copper to give it strength while keeping the ductility and beauty of the precious metal. Other metals can replace the copper, to improve various properties of the basic sterling alloy such as increasing resistance to tarnish. These replacement metals include germanium, zinc and platinum, as well as a variety of other additives, including silicon and boron. Alloys such as argentium silver have appeared in recent decades. Argentium silver has some germanium added, and resists tarnishing well.

The first legal definition of sterling silver appeared in 1275. A statute of Edward I specified that 12 ounces of silver for coinage should contain 11 ounces  pennyweights of silver and  pennyweights of alloy, with 20 pennyweights to the Troy ounce.

Sterling silver standards are protected by hallmarks stamped on pieces by officials.

Christina of Sweden

Queen Christina of Sweden (; – 19 April 1689), was the queen of 
Sweden from 1632 to 1654. She then resigned to become a Roman Catholic.

She also liked humanities and had invited philosophers such as René Descartes in Sweden.

Richard Benson (musician)

Richard Philip Henry John Benson, known as Richard Benson (10 March 1955 – 10 May 2022) was an English–Italian guitarist.

Benson probably moved to Rome in 1965. In 1971 he joined the progressive rock band Buon Vecchio Charlie. In 1972, he took part in the festival "Villa Pamphili".

From 1978 to 2013 he hosted TV shows relating to new musical releases of the time. The music was mostly hard rock and heavy metal, but also jazz, funk, blues, fusion and Italian rock.

In 1983, Benson released his first LP, "Animal Zoo". In 1984, he released the LP "Renegade". In 1987 he was included on the compilation album, "Metal Attack" (RCA Italy – Talent).

In 1992, Benson played himself in Carlo Verdone's movie "Maledetto il giorno che t'ho incontrato". In the second half of the 1990s he gave concerts in Rome. In 1999, he released his first CD, "Madre Tortura".

Benson has then appeared in Italian national broadcast television as a music critic (Rai 2), together with Max Giusti. His work in the show was comical instead of serious. He played a sort of parody of his own character. In June 2013, he created an online television channel, "RichardBensonTV". He hosts a show there about heavy metal music. RichardBensonTv closed after just over a year.

In 2015 he released his second CD, "L'inferno dei vivi".

In November 2016, it was announced that Benson had heart disease. He died in Rome on 10 May 2022, at the age of 67.



Kjell Arnljot Wig

Kjell Arnljot Wig (31 December 1924 – 18 January 2015) was a Norwegian media personality. He was a journalist for "Morgenbladet" from 1948. He was later with the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation from 1963 to 1992. He hosted a series of television shows, including "Aktuell debatt", "Vindu mot verden", and "Åpen post". Some of his novels were "Det skjulte Norge" (1969), "Kongen ser tilbake" (1977), and "Eventyret om Blaafarveværket" (1995).

Wig was born in Stjørdal. He was married and had children.

Wig died after an illness on 18 January 2015 at Bærum hospital. He was 90.

Bob Barr (1880s pitcher)

Robert McClelland Barr (December, 1856 - March 11, 1930) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He also made some appearances as an outfielder, first baseman, and third baseman.

Barr played for the Pittsburgh Alleghenys, Washington Nationals, Indianapolis Hoosiers, and Rochester Broncos. He also played for the Washington Nationals and New York Giants.

Suspicion (1941 movie)

Suspicion is a 1941 romantic thriller movie. It is based on the novel Before the Fact. The movie was directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Cary Grant plays Johnnie, a gambler. Joan Fontaine plays Lina. Dame May Whitty plays Martha.

This movie was nominated for Academy Awards for the Best Picture and the Best Original Score. Fontaine won the Best Actress award.


Pike Place Fish Market

The Pike Place Fish Market is an open air fish market located in Seattle, Washington at the corner of Pike Street and Pike Place. It is known for their tradition of fishmongers throwing fish that customers have purchased, before they are wrapped. After nearing bankruptcy in 1986, the fish market owner and employees decided to become "world famous", changing their way of doing business by introducing their flying fish, games, and customer performances. Four years later, they were featured repeatedly in the national media and television shows. The store is now a popular tourist destination in Seattle, attracting up to 10,000 daily visitors, and is often billed as world-famous.

The Pike Place Fish Market was purchased in 1965 by John Yokoyama. Yokoyama was a former employee of the fish market, who bought the store to make enough money to afford the car payments on his new Buick Riviera. At first, Pike Place Fish Market was unknown outside of the Seattle area. Yokoyama and his staff decided to change that in a meeting with a business coach in 1986. Prior to the meeting, the Pike Place Fish Market was near to bankruptcy. Consultant, Jim Bergquist, was helping them to conceive of ways to save the business. A fish market employee at the meeting suggested that they not only save the business, but make it "world famous". They had the idea of flying and throwing fish and having games with customers. They thought that staff were enjoying their work so that customers would as well. In an interview, Yokoyama stated, "We took a stand that we were going to become world famous. We just said it and it became so."

Four years later, in 1990, Ted Turner's Goodwill Games were held in Seattle. News crews at the Pike Place Market discovered the fish market and its performances with customers, and they filmed them. Soon afterwards, the fish market appeared on "Good Morning America". The business and its employees were being filmed by various movie crews, and being featured in many magazines. Now, during the summer tourist season, the fishmongers will perform now in front of as many as 10,000 visitors daily. The success of the business has been cited to its human resources and employee attitudes. The employees of the fish market will often speak to businesses, civic groups, and schools on ways to be successful. This has led to their being featured in motivational books.

A popular feature at the Pike Place Fish Market is a fish which sometimes is made to "snap" at customers. In 1991, CNN named the Pike Place Fish Market as one of the three most fun places to work in America.

The Pike Place Fish Market is best known for their habit of hurling customers' orders across the shopping area. A typical routine will involve a customer ordering a fish, with their fishmongers in orange rubber overalls and boots calling out the order, which is loudly shouted back by all the other staff, at which point the original fishmonger will throw the customer's fish behind the counter for wrapping. Initially, the shouted repeating of the ordered fish began as a prank on one employee, but was enjoyed by customers, so it became a tradition. While working, the staff continually yell to each other and chant in unison while they throw ordered fish. At times, the fish market staff will throw a foam fish into the crowd to scare bystanders, or select a customer from the crowds to participate in the fish toss. Above the areas in which they throw fish, the market hangs a sign that reads, "Caution: Low Flying Fish".

In 1998, the Pike Place Fish Market was the subject of a documentary movie and accompanying book, "FISH! Philosophy." The Pike Place Fish Market has also been the setting for several best-selling corporate training videos, the aforementioned "FISH!", and also "FISH!Sticks", which have been used by companies such as Enterprise Rent-A-Car, Sprint Nextel, Southwest Airlines, Sainsbury's, Saturn, and Scottish and Southern Energy, for employee training. The Pike Place Fish Market has been featured in a variety of television shows and commercials. These include a Spike Lee Levis jeans commercial; MTV's "The Real World"; NBC's "Frasier", and ABC's "Good Morning America". In movies, it has appeared in "Free Willy".



Gustav I of Sweden

Gustav I of Sweden (born 14 May 1496, died 29 September 1560) was the King of Sweden from 1523 until his death in 1560. During his reign, Sweden broke relationship with the Kalmar Union and the Roman Catholic Church.

Marie Hermanson

Marie Hermanson (born 1956) is a Swedish writer and journalist.



August Prize - 1995 (for Värddjuret).


Pietra dura

Pietra dura () or pietre dure () (see below), called parchin kari or parchinkari () in the Indian Subcontinent, is a term for using cut and fitted, highly polished colored stones to create images. 

The stonework is glued stone-by-stone to a base after being "sliced and cut in different shape sections; and then assembled together so precisely that the contact between each section was practically invisible". Stability was achieved by grooving the undersides of the stones so that they interlocked, rather like a jigsaw puzzle, with everything held in place by an encircling 'frame'. Many different colored stones, particularly marbles, were used, along with semiprecious, and even precious stones. 

The technique first appeared in Rome in the 16th century. It reached its peak in Florence. Pietra dura items are generally crafted on green, white or black marble base stones. Typically the resulting panel is completely flat, but some examples have the image is in low relief.

There are a number of similar techniques which should not be called pietra dura. The English term "Florentine mosaic" is sometimes used for the work of Giovanni Montelatici (1864-1930). He was an Italian Florentine artist whose brilliant work has been distributed across the world by tourists and collectors.

Pietra dura is also different from mosaics because stones are mostly much larger and cut to a shape suiting their place in the image, not all of roughly equal size and shape as in mosaic. In pietra dura, the stones are not cemented together with grout, and works in pietra dura are often portable. Nor should it be confused with micromosaics, a form of mosaic using very small tesserae of the same size to create images for Byzantine icons, and later for furniture panels.

Pink cat

Cats can be many different breeds and fur coat colors. A pink cat is not a color found in nature. But several pink cats have been reported about in the news media. Sometimes the cat colour has changed to pink with chemicals or dyes. There are also several fictional pink cats in popular culture.

In September 2005, a cat named Brumas roamed away from his owners in Launceston, Cornwall. When he came back after a short time, his fur was coloured pink. No one ever figured out the cause of the colour change. Brumas was taken to the RSPCA to be tested. He did not have any toxins.
Russian writer Lena Lenia had dyed a Kitten pink in early 2015, which meant led to the confusion that they thought that Kitten died from being dyed pink, and then the kitten was okay from the owner having that kitten still.
In September 2010, a cat with dyed pink fur was found in Swindon, South West England. The RSPCA said the dyeing was a "sick prank". Even though they tried to wash the color out of the cat's fur, it stayed pink. The cat did not have any signs of side-effects or harm. The event made worldwide news. Soon the owner told the truth. She said that the cat had been dyed pink using food colouring because she was a fan of the colour. She said the act "seemed like a good idea. I always wanted a pink animal - a bit like my hair". She said she read the instructions carefully and the food colouring could not be harmful because it was safe for humans to eat. The RSPCA decided not to arrest her for harming her animal.

In May 2011, four kittens were found in a concrete factory in Redruth, Cornwall. One kitten had pink fur. A cat rescue group named "Cats Protection", tried to wash out the color with shampoo, but could not.

Pollution from a steel factory in Port Talbot, Wales, has turned cats both pink and grey.

Cats having pink patches are found in Bulgaria. The color is probably a genetic mutation and is very close to orange. They are usually pink-white bicolor; or pink-blue-white or pink-black-white calico cats.

Sometimes the lilac or cream fur color of cats is confused with pink. Lilac and cream are both natural colors in cats, and are the diluted (lighter) versions of chocolate and red.

The Pink Panther is a cartoon cat that was created by Friz Freleng. He is seen in the opening titles of the Peter Sellers movies with his own theme music. He also had his own cartoon show. Animation historian Jerry Beck has said the cartoon cat is "anti-authority – he's cool yet he's pink".

The character of the children's television series" Bagpuss" was a pink cat. The Bagpuss puppet was really supposed to be an orange marmalade colour. When the puppet was made, it was dyed pink by mistake. 

Another children's franchise, "Strawberry Shortcake", has a pink cat named Custard who is the pet of the titular character."

In 2014, a Dutch artist, Florentijn Hofman, made a tall pink cat for an exhibition in Century Park, Shanghai.

There is also a pink cat in the children's show “Pete the cat” named Callie.

Doraemon: Nobita's Dinosaur

Doraemon:Nobita's Dinosaur is a 1980 Japanese animated movie. This movie also known as Doraemon: motion picture. It is based on the popular manga and anime series Doraemon. The movie was released in Japan on 15 March 1980.


Noriko Ohara

She is known for the roles of Nobita Nobi (Doraemon), all female lead villains in the Time Bokan series, Conan (Future Boy Conan), Peter (Heidi, Girl of the Alps), Oyuki and Claudia LaSalle. In the first ever Seiyu Awards in 2007, she won the Synergy award.



Tony Verna

Anthony F. Verna (November 26, 1933 – January 18, 2015) was an American television producer. He was known for creating instant replay and for producing interviews with Pope John Paul II, Ronald Reagan, and Charlton Heston. Verna was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Verna died in Palm Desert, California from leukemia, aged 81.

Pedro María Iguaran

Pedro María Iguaran Arandia (2 July 1940 – 16 January 2015) commonly known as Pello Iguaran was a Spanish football defender.

Iguaran played for Deportivo Alavés in the 1963-1964 season. Iguaran served his new club for 7 years, being in most cases used as a reserve defender. He played a total of 85 games for Real Sociedad.

George Pataki

George Elmer Pataki (; born June 24, 1945) is an American politician. He was the 53rd Governor of New York. A member of the Republican Party, Pataki served three consecutive four-year terms from January 1, 1995, until December 31, 2006.

Pataki was born in Peekskill, New York. He is of an Austrian-Hungarian ancestry. After graduating fom Peekskill High School, he entered Yale University in the same year as George W. Bush in 1964 on an academic scholarship and graduated in three years. While there he served as chairman of the Conservative Party of the Yale Political Union.

Pataki's first job in politics was mayor of his hometown of Peekskill. In 1994 he ran a campaign against Mario Cuomo for Governor of New York. Cuomo was one of the most famous politicians in the country at the time and he was an icon of liberalism in the country. Few people expected Pataki to win, but in a major upset, Pataki won the election.

He served three terms as Governor of New York State. A popular governor, Pataki became most famous for his leadership of the state after the September 11th attacks in 2001. He also focused on creating jobs in the state and creating increased parkland for New Yorkers.

Pataki had often been mentioned as a possible presidential candidate. In early 2015, he began exploring a candidacy for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in 2016, and announced his candidacy on May 28, 2015. On December 29, 2015, Pataki announced that he would be ending his presidential campaign. A few days later, he announced his support for Marco Rubio for president. After Rubio dropped out and days before the New York primary, Pataki endorsed Ohio governor John Kasich for the nomination.

Pataki married Elizabeth Rowland in 1973. They have four children: Emily, Teddy, Allison, and Owen.


National Association of Evangelicals

The National Association of Evangelicals (NAE) is a fellowship of member denominations, churches, organizations, and individuals. Its stated goal is to honor God by connecting and representing evangelicals in the United States. Today it works in four main areas: Church & Faith Partners, Government Relations, Chaplains Commission, and World Relief. The NAE is a member of the World Evangelical Alliance (WEA). 


Indian Institute of Science

Indian Institute of Science (IISc) is a public university for scientific research. It is located in Bangalore, India. Jamshetji Tata gave active support to establish this institute. He is one of the earliest industrialists of India. IISc is well known as India's finest research university.

In 1893, Jamshetji Tata had a chance meeting with Swami Vivekananda on a ship from Japan to Chicago. Then, Jamshetji Tata discussed his plan with Vivekananda to bring Iron and Steel industry to India. Five years later, Tata wrote a letter to Vivekananda about his desire to establish a research institution. He also asked Vivekananda for guidance in this matter. Vivekananda softly declined this proposal.

The government of Mysore donated (371 acres or 1.50 sq km) to build the institute. They also agreed to donate 50,000 rupees every year. The institute was established in 1909. It had two departments - Department of General and Applied Chemistry and Electro Technology. Morris Travers became the first director of IISc.

IISc campus is in Malleswaram, north of Bangalore City railway station. A number of other research institutes are nearby. These are Raman Research Institute, Central Power Research Institute and the Institute of Wood Science and Technology. There are regular bus services between them and IISc.

The campus is home to over 40 departments and centers of sciences. It has more than 3,000 students who are pursuing their undergraduate and postgraduate studies. The facilities on the campus include a library,gymnasium, dining halls and restaurants. There are dormitories for men and women and accommodation for staff members. A visitor's hostel was built in 1990. The campus is full of greenery. It has over 110 species of trees and rare and native plant species. The roads connecting the departments are named after species of trees. For example "Arjun Marg" ("Marg" means path in Hindi), "Tala Marg" and Silver Oak Marg.



Dan Waern

Dan Waern (born 17 January 1933 in Sköldinge, Sweden) is a Swedish former middle-distance runner. In 1957, he became the first Swede to run the first sub-four-minute mile. 1957 was also the year he was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal.

In 1961, the IAAF disqualified him for professionalism.

Sköldinge

Sköldinge is a locality in Katrineholm Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 604 people lived there.

Toini Gustafsson

Toini Gustafsson Rönnlund, born "Toini Gustafsson", 17 January 1938 in Suomussalmi, Finland) is a Swedish former cross country skier. During the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble she won two individual gold medals. In 1968, she was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal. She was married with Swedish cross-country skier Assar Rönnlund until he died in January 2011.

Lasse Granqvist

Lasse Granqvist, born 25 October 1957 in Solna, Sweden is Swedish a sports journalist. He was active for Sveriges Radio from August 1987 to 15 January 2013. On 1 January 2000 became active for C More Entertainment. 

Michel Guimond

Michel Guimond (December 26, 1953 – January 19, 2015) was a Canadian politician. From 1987 to 1993 he served as a city councillor in Boischatel, Quebec. After this, he ran in the 1993 federal election for the Bloc Québécois.

He was elected into the Canadian House of Commons as the member from Beauport—Montmorency—Orléans. He was re-elected in the 1997 and 2000 federal elections (in the riding of Beauport—Montmorency—Côte-de-Beaupré—Île-d'Orléans) and in the 2004 federal election (in the riding of Charlevoix—Montmorency).

In the 2004 and 2008 elections, he won in Montmorency—Charlevoix—Haute-Côte-Nord before being defeated in the 2011 federal election. A lawyer, he has served as the Bloc critic of Parliamentary Affairs, Transport and to the Auditor General.

He then served as whip and deputy whip of the Bloc Québécois, and was also the vice-chair of the Standing Committee on Procedure and House Affairs.

In the 2014 provincial election, he ran unsuccessfully for the Parti Quebecois to represent the riding of Montmorency.

Guimond died of heart failure on January 19, 2015 in Quebec City, Quebec, aged 61.


Vladimir Kesarev

Vladimir Petrovich Kesarev (; 26 February 1930 – 19 January 2015) was a Soviet Russian footballer.

He earned 14 caps for the USSR national football team, and participated in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He was selected in the squad for the first ever European Nations' Cup in 1960, where the Soviets were champions, but did not play in any games at the tournament.


Miriam Akavia

Miriam Akavia (born Matylda Weinfeld, 20 November 1927 – 16 January 2015) was a Polish-born Israeli writer and translator. She was a Holocaust survivor. Akavia served as president of the Platform for Jewish-Polish Dialogue. She was born in Kraków, Poland.

Akavia died in Warsaw, Poland of natural causes, aged 87.


Anne Kirkbride

Anne Kirkbride (21 June 1954 – 19 January 2015) was an English actress. She was best known for portraying the role of Deirdre Barlow in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 1972 to 2014.

On 19 January 2015, Kirkbride died of breast cancer in a Manchester hospital. She was 60 years old. Before she died, Kirkbride was planning to go back to "Coronation Street", but never had the chance to do so.


Arthit Kamlang-ek

General Arthit Kamlang-ek (31 August 1925 - 19 January 2015; , ) was a Thai general.

He was the Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Thai Army from 1982 to 1986 and parallel the Supreme Commander of the Royal Thai Armed Forces from 1983 to 1986.

José Carrasco

José Carlos Carrasco Távara (1944 – 18 January 2015) was a Peruvian politician. He represented Piura from 2006 through 2011. Carrasco was a member of the Peruvian Aprista Party. He was born in the Sullana Province, Peru.

Carrasco died in Lima, Peru on 18 January 2015 from lung cancer, aged 70.


Marshmallow creme

Marshmallow creme (also called marshmallow fluff, marshmallow stuff, marshmallow spread, or marshmallow paste) is an American food item. It is a very sweet and spreadable. It is made out of marshmallows. Marshmallow creme and peanut butter are used to create a fluffernutter sandwich. In addition, marshmallow creme and Nutella can be spread on graham crackers to make s'mores.

Marshmallow creme has around 91.3 calories.

Chynna Phillips

Chynna Phillips (born February 12, 1968) is an American actress and singer who performed with Wilson Phillips. In the movie "Some Kind of Wonderful", she played Mia. She played Mimi in "Say Anything...". She is the daughter of The Mamas & the Papas band members Michelle and John Phillips.

Phillips was born in Los Angeles.

Carnie Wilson

Carnie Wilson (born April 29, 1968) is an American singer and television host. She sang with Wilson Phillips. She also hosted her own talk show.

Wilson was born in Los Angeles.

Assist (football)

In association football, an assist is a pass or a cross by a player which helps to score a goal. Most commonly, an assist is given to a player for passing or crossing the ball to the scorer. It may also be awarded to a player whose shot rebounds (off a defender, goalkeeper or goalpost) to a teammate who scores. Some systems may give an assist to a player who wins a penalty kick or a free kick for another player to score. An attacking player for contributing to an own goal can also get an assist. A goal may be unassisted, or have one assist. In some systems, even two assists is possible.

Vejbystrand

Vejbystrand is a bimunicipal locality in Skåne County, Sweden. In 2010,2,721 people lived there. Most people live in Ängelholm Municipality and some in Båstad Municipality.

Renzo De Felice

Renzo De Felice (8 April 1929 – 25 May 1996) was an Italian historian. He was born in Rieti and studied at the Sapienza University of Rome. In his youth De Felice joined the Italian Communist Party. He left the party after the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. He wrote more than 20 books and a large number of essays based on his extensive research. He was especially known for his studies on fascism. On this subject he was considered an expert.

He spent more than 40 years (1956-1996) of his life writing a biography of Benito Mussolini. He died before completing it. De Felice was considered an historical revisionist. He taught history at the Sapienza University of Rome. He was married to Livia De Ruggiero. De Felice died May 25, 1996 in Rome.


Nerd Corps Entertainment

Nerd Corps Entertainment is a American computer-animation studio. Nerd Corps has been world known for Slugterra television series. It airs on Disney XD. DHX Media bought the company for $57 million in December 24, 2014. It became a Subsidiary of DHX Media.

Nerd Corps Entertainment is one of the largest children’s animation studios in North America. Founded by Asaph Fipke and Chuck Johnson in 2002. Nerd Corps has grown from a small operation working out of an apartment in downtown Vancouver to more than 400 artists and storytellers. 


American’s DHX Studios


Hungarian Revolution of 1956

The Hungarian Revolution of 1956 or Hungarian Uprising of 1956 ( or ) was a spontaneous nationwide revolt. It was against the government of the Hungarian People's Republic and its Soviet-imposed policies. It lasted from 23 October until 10 November 1956. It was the first major threat to Soviet control since the USSR's forces drove out the Nazis at the end of World War II and took over Eastern Europe. Despite the failure of the uprising, it was highly influential. It played a role in the fall of the Soviet Union decades later.

At the end of World War II Hungary was liberated from the Nazis. It was occupied by the Soviet Union’s Red Army. Hungary's communists were led by General Secretary Mátyás Rákosi and backed by Joseph Stalin. The communists destroyed all political opposition. In 1949 Hungary officially became the People’s Republic of Hungary. Rákosi was an oppressive ruler. He exiled, imprisoned or killed over 300,000 Hungarians. After Stalin died, the soviet communists replaced Rákosi with Imre Nagy. They thought his softer approach would win them popularity. But the Kremlin decided he had become too popular. Rákosi was returned to power in April 1955. His secret police, the AVO, carried out Rákosi's oppressive orders again. Eventually, the Hungarian people got tired of their bad living standards and protested.

When the revolt broke out in October 1956, the Hungarian revolt was very sudden. Nobody had any idea it would sweep the country and break out everywhere all at once. However, there were warning signs that trouble was coming. The Communist Party in Hungary had lost much of its authority and respect. In July of 1956 Rákosi was removed again as leader of the party. He was sent back to the Soviet Union.

2,500 Hungarians died and thousands were imprisoned. Hundreds of Soviet troops died. 200,000 fled Hungary. Communists in the Western Bloc argued about the Soviet Union intervening to stop the uprising.

Substitute (association football)

In association football, a substitute is a player who is brought on to the pitch during a match in exchange for a player who is currently playing. Substitutions can be made for many reasons. Sometimes, they are made to replace a player who has become tired or injured. Substitutes can also replace a player who is playing poorly, or can be for tactics. For example, substitute strikers can be brought on for defenders if the team needs to attack. The term "super-sub" refers to a substitution made by the manager that saves the game. This is generally done by scoring one or more late goals. The goals can equalize or win the team the match. Players who have been called "super-subs" include David Fairclough for Liverpool, Adam Le Fondre for Reading, Ole Gunnar Solskjær and Javier Hernández for Manchester United, and Edin Džeko for Manchester City among others.

Water-mixable oil paint

Water-mixable oil paint (also called "water soluble" or "water miscible") is a modern type of oil paint.

It is designed to be thinned and cleaned up with water. This avoids using turpentine, whose fumes may be harmful if inhaled, and is a fires risk. 

Water miscible oil paint can be mixed and used with the same techniques as traditional oil-based paint. When it is still wet, it can be removed from brushes, palettes, and rags with ordinary soap and water. Its water solubility comes from the use of an oil medium in which one end of the molecule has been altered to bind loosely to water molecules, as in a solution.

Another advantage of this type of oil paint is that it dries faster than traditional oils (but slower than acrylics). Also, painters can control the speed of drying with supplementary products from artistic paint suppliers.

Turpentine

Turpentine (spirit of turpentine, oil of turpentine, wood turpentine) or turps is a solvent and a source of materials for organic synthesis.

Turpentine is a solvent fluid gotten by distilling resin from live trees, mainly pines. It is a complex mixture of hydrocarbons. As a solvent, turpentine is used for thinning oil-based paints, for producing varnishes, and as a raw material for the chemical industry.

The word "turpentine" comes from the Greek word τερεβινθίνη "terebinthine", the name of a species of tree, the terebinth tree. 

It is hazardous. It is dangerous to inhale, and can cause fires. Because of this, white spirit (mineral turps) or other substitutes are often used.
They are very different chemically.

American Sniper

American Sniper is a 2014 American drama movie. It is directed by Clint Eastwood. It is based on a book by Chris Kyle called "American Sniper: The Autobiography of the Most Lethal Sniper in U.S. Military History". It stars Bradley Cooper in the leading role with Sienna Miller. It was released to positive reviews on December 25, 2014. The movie was nominated for six awards at the 2015 Oscars.

Horrible Histories (2009 TV series)

Horrible Histories is a British children's sketch comedy television series, part of the children's history franchise of the same name based on the books written by Terry Deary. The show was produced for CBBC by Lion Television with Citrus Television.

The TV show carries over the graphic style and much of the content of the "Horrible Histories" book series. It maintains the franchise's overall irreverent but accurate focus on the dark, gruesome or scatological aspects of British and other Western world history, spanning from the Stone Age to the post-World War II era. Individual historical eras or civilisations are defined and named as in the books, with sketches from several different time periods combined within a single episode.

In 2011, a spin-off game show, "", was launched on CBBC. In the same year, the original show was repackaged for main channel BBC One as "Horrible Histories with Stephen Fry", with Fry replacing the puppet rat as presenter.


Supporting cast:

Guest starring:

Puppeteer:

Additional Voices:

These are the eras and civilizations that feature in the TV series:

"Horrible Histories" received numerous domestic and international awards and nominations, including several BAFTA Children's Awards, two British Comedy Awards and a Rose d'Or Award for Best Children's Programme. It is the first children's programme to win a British Comedy Award and four successive children's BAFTAs, for Best Comedy. In 2013 the show was also named in a "Radio Times" poll of all-time greatest British children's TV series, and was cited at No. 8 in a similar Top 50 list presented later the same year by Channel Five.


SummerSlam (2001)

SummerSlam (2001) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on August 19, 2001 at Compaq Center in San Jose, California. It was the fourteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWF.

The main event saw The Rock defeat Booker T to win the WCW Championship. The Rock won the match by pinfall after he hit the Rock Bottom on Booker T. Another main match was between Steve Austin and Kurt Angle for the WWF Championship. Angle won the match by disqualification after Austin attacked referees. On the undercard, the main match was a steel cage match between the WCW Tag Team Champions Undertaker and Kane and the WWF Tag Team Champions Diamond Dallas Page and Kanyon. The Undertaker and Kane won the match by pinfall after Undertaker executed the Last Ride on Page.


SummerSlam (2000)

SummerSlam (2000) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on August 27, 2000 at Raleigh Entertainment and Sports Arena in Raleigh, North Carolina. It was the thirteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWF.

The main event saw The Rock defeat Triple H and Kurt Angle in a Triple threat match to retain his WWF Championship. The Rock won the match by pinfall after he hit Triple H with the People's Elbow. A featured match on the undercard saw Kane and The Undertaker fight to a no contest. the match ended in a no contest after Undertaker unmasked Kane. Another main match on the undercard was Edge and Christian (c), The Hardy Boyz (Matt Hardy and Jeff Hardy) and The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray Dudley and D-Von Dudley) in the first Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match for the WWF Tag Team Championship. Edge and Christian won the match after they climbed the ladder and grabbed the belts that were hanging above the ring. 


Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour

Camillo Paolo Filippo Giulio Benso, Count of Cavour, Isolabella and Leri (10 August 1810 – 6 June 1861), better known as Cavour (), was an Italian politician and statesman. He was an important person in the movement toward the Italian unification.

Cavour was born in Turin during Napoleonic rule. Until 1831, he was a military officer. Later, he decided to travel in Europe to learn more about the effects of the Industrial Revolution. The trips helped him to know and understand the principles of the British Liberal system.

After four years, he returned to Piedmont. He took charge of agriculture and the economy in general. He worked for the spread of schools. During that time, his business and banking activities made him one of the richest men in the Piedmont.

From 1832 to 1848, Cavour was the mayor of Grinzane (now called "Grinzane Cavour" to honor him). In 1847, he founded the newspaper "Il Risorgimento". According to him, the process of economic and social development, which he had promoted for years, could be implemented only after a deep restructuring of political institutions.

In 1850, Cavour became famous because he advocated the "Siccardi Law" that diminished the privileges of the Catholic clergy. In the same year, the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sardinia, Massimo D'Azeglio, chose him as Minister of Agriculture, Trade and Navy. Later he also became Minister of Finance. After D'Azeglio resigned on November 4, 1852, Cavour became Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sardinia.

Cavour's political program wanted to make the Kingdom of Sardinia a constitutional State based on moderate and progressive liberalism and so he dedicated himself to a radical renewal of the economy. He modernised and supported agriculture, strengthened the industrial system and promoted trade with the major European powers. However, his liberal program was criticized by both the "Historical Left", which cared for the poorest citizens, both the "Historical Right", which considered him as a destroyer of conservative traditions.

In 1858, he signed a treaty of alliance between the Kingdom of Sardinia and the French Empire against the Austrian Empire. The next year, the Second Italian War of Independence, the Piedmontese and the French defeated the Austrians, who then controlled Italy.

After the Armistice of Villafranca and Giuseppe Garibaldi's expedition in the South (1860-1861), the unification of Italy was completed. Cavour became the first president of the united Italy. He was also the first Minister of Foreign Affairs. He was the leader of the Liberal parliamentary group. He died of an illness in Turin.


Denis Mack Smith

Denis Mack Smith CBE FBA FRSL (3 March 1920 – 11 July 2017) was a British historian. He has written many books and articles on the history of Italy from the Risorgimento onwards. He wrote biographies of famous Italians in history: Giuseppe Garibaldi, Camillo Cavour, Victor Emmanuel II, and Benito Mussolini. He was born in London.

Between 1942 and 1945, Smith was an officer in the British War Cabinet. From 1947 to 1962 he was a fellow, tutor and lecturer at the University of Cambridge. From 1962 to 1987 he was a Senior Research Fellow at All Souls College, Oxford. He is an Honorary Fellow at Wolfson College, Oxford and of Peterhouse, Cambridge.

Smith died on 11 July 2017 in London at the age of 97.


Anatol Hrytskievich

Anatol Hrytskievich (; January 31, 1929 – January 20, 2015) was a Belarusian historian. He was a correspondent member of the International Academy of Science of Eurasia (1996–2015), doctor of history (1986–2015), professor (1987–2015). He was born in Minsk.

Hrytskievich died on January 20, 2015 in Minsk, aged 85.

Bob Symes

Robert Alexander Schutzmann (6 May 1924 – 19 January 2015) was an Austrian-born British inventor and television presenter.

He was known for his works in "Tomorrow's Land" and on model railways. Symes was known for his relaxed and gentle but well-informed style on his shows. Symes was born in Vienna, Austria.

Symes died in west Wales from cancer, aged 90.

Australian twenty-cent coin

The twenty-cent coin is part of the Australian decimal currency system. 

It replaced the florin on the 14th of February, 1966. The florin was for two shillings. As the system changed, the Australian pound became worth two Australian dollars.

On the obverse side, there is the Queen Elizabeth of Australia. On the other side, there is a platypus.


Trypanosoma

Trypanosoma is a genus of parasitic protozoa. There are in the class Kinetoplastida. They are a monophyletic group of unicellular parasitic flagellate protozoa. All trypanosomes are need more than one particular host to complete life cycle. 

Most are transmitted by a vector, usually by blood-feeding invertebrates. There are different mechanisms among the various species. In an invertebrate host they are generally found in the intestine, but in their mammalian host they usually live in the bloodstream or inside cells.

Trypanosomes infect a variety of hosts and cause various diseases, including the fatal human diseases sleeping sickness, caused by "Trypanosoma brucei", and Chagas disease, caused by "Trypanosoma cruzi".

The mitochondrial genome of the "Trypanosoma", and other kinetoplastids, is made of a highly complex series of circles and minicircles. It needs many proteins for organisation during cell division.

Robert Knox

Robert Knox (4 September 1791 – 20 December 1862) was a Scottish anatomist, zoologist, ethnologist and doctor. He is best known for the Burke and Hare murders. Some of his work had controversy because he tried to prove that Anglo-Saxons were superior to other people.

Robert Knox was born in Edinburgh's North Richmond Street to Mary and Robert Knox. His father was a teacher of mathematics and philosophy. He had smallpox as an infant, which blinded his left eye and changed his face. He was educated at the Royal High School, where he bullied his friends.

In 1810, he joined medical classes in Edinburgh. He became interested in transcendentalism.

Knox graduated from Edinburgh University in 1814.

Knox married his wife Susan in 1824.


Ambrosia beetle

Ambrosia beetles are beetles of the weevil subfamilies Scolytinae and Platypodinae (Coleoptera, Curculionidae. They live in symbiosis with ambrosia fungi and bacteria. The beetles make tunnels in dead trees where they grow fungal gardens for nutrition.

During their evolution, most weevils became more or less dependant on fungi. Some bark beetles that ate phloem are using more fungi. These beetles are called "mycophloeophages".


Platypus (weevil)

Platypus is a weevil genus in the subfamily Platypodinae.


Michel Jeury

Michel Jeury (23 January 1934 – 9 January 2015), also known by his pseudonym Albert Higon, was a French science fiction writer. He wrote over seventy books between 1958 and 2013.

Jeury was born in Razac-d'Eymet, Dordogne.

Jeury died on 9 January 2015 in Vaison-la-Romaine, Vaucluse, aged 80.


Hypocenter

The hypocenter (literally: 'below the center') is the site of an earthquake or a nuclear explosion. In an earthquake, it is a synonym of the focus. In the case of a nuclear explosion, it is a synonym of ground zero.

Bettino Ricasoli

Bettino Ricasoli, 1st Baron Ricasoli, 1st Count of Brolio (29 March 1809 - 23 October 1880) was an Italian statesman. He was born in Florence. Ricasoli served as Mayor of Florence from January 1848 to November of the same year. Member of the "Historic Right", after the Camillo Cavour's death Ricasoli became Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy. He was Prime Minister of Italy from 12 June 1861 to 3 March 1862 and from 20 June 1866 to 10 April 1867. He was also twice Foreign Minister, twice Interior Minister and once Minister of War.

In the last years of his life he was mayor of Gaiole in Chianti, a small town near Siena. Ricasoli died in his castle in Broglio, another village near Siena. Ricasoli's private life and public career were marked by the utmost integrity, and by a rigid austerity which earned him the name of the "Iron Baron". He was also a freemason.

Kinyarwanda

Kinyarwanda is the official language of Rwanda. Many natives in the country speak it.

Five Nights at Freddy's 2

Five Nights at Freddy's 2 is a survival horror point and click video game. It was created by Scott Cawthon The game is available on Windows, Android, iOS, Nintendo Switch, Playstation 4 and xbox chronologically set to be a sequel to "Five Nights at Freddy's 4", and the prequel to "Five Nights at Freddy's". The game takes place in November of 1987. "Five Nights at Freddy's 2" was released on November 11, 2014, on Steam and Desura for $7.99. There is also a free demo on IndieDB, which only has the first two nights available to play. The game was supposed to be released sometime in 2015, as seen on a poster on Scott Cawthon's website, but it was changed due to problems in releasing the demo.

It was released on Steam and Desura on November 10, 2014, after a delay with the demo. A mobile port for Android was released on November 13, 2014, and an iOS port on November 20, 2014 "In Five Nights at Freddy's 2, the old and aging animatronics are joined by a new cast of characters. They are kid-friendly, updated with the latest in facial recognition technology, tied into local criminal databases, and promise to put on a safe and entertaining show for kids and grown-ups alike!"

"What could go wrong?"

"As the new security guard working nights, your job is to monitor cameras and make sure nothing goes wrong after-hours. The previous guard has complained about the characters trying to get into the office (he has since been moved to day-shift). So to make your job easier, you've been provided with your very own empty Freddy Fazbear head, which should fool the animatronic characters into leaving you alone if they should accidentally enter your office."

"As always, Fazbear Entertainment is not responsible for death or dismemberment Like the first game, FNaF 2 is an indie point-and-click survival horror video game. The player controls Jeremy Fitzgerald, the night guard at the newly revamped Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. Like in the first entry, Jeremy must survive from midnight to 6 AM without being attacked by the Animatronics wandering through the building. The game introduces the Toy Animatronics as the main antagonists, while the Classic Animatronics from FNaF 1 return as Withered Animatronics - damaged shells of their former selves. This game also introduces two new animatronics, The Puppet and Balloon Boy."

"As in the first game, Jeremy will be located in the security office for the duration of each night. He will have access to a Monitor that allows him to scroll through the security cameras and a Flashlight with limited battery that can illuminate rooms being viewed on the cameras. Animatronics will slowly navigate the building and attempt to get into the Office, either through the Main Hall or one of two air vents on either side of the desk - all of which can be illuminated using Light switches. Unlike in FNaF 1, however, the Doors and Power mechanics have both been removed, meaning that the player cannot stop animatronics getting inside the Office."

"Jeremy can put on a Freddy Fazbear Head to disguise himself if an animatronic enters the Office and evade being attacked - however, this does not work on Withered Foxy, who must be scared off using the Flashlight instead. To prevent the mask from being abused, however, there is a Music Box in the building's Prize Counter that slowly winds down over time. The player must frequently open the Monitor, flip to the Prize Counter and rewind the music box - if it fully unwinds, the Puppet will escape from its prize box and head towards the Office, and like Withered Foxy, it cannot be fooled by the Freddy head. Failure to defend himself from an animatronic (except Balloon Boy, who will instead disable the Flashlight) will result in them jumpscaring the player and killing Jeremy, resulting in a Game Over."

"The game's main campaign is split into five levels, or "nights", just like the original game. Beating Night 5 will unlock an extra-difficult Night 6, and beating that unlocks a customizable Night 7 which allows you to adjust the difficulty of each animatronic. There are also four hidden minigames that can randomly occur upon receiving a Game Over, which allow you to play as the animatronics in Atari-style levels that give insight on the plot. The promotional poster for the game was first uploaded on Scott's official website on September 12, 2014. Official pictures released by Scott Cawthon suggested that the original animatronics may have gone into disrepair like Foxy and have been replaced by new ones."

"However, following the release of the first teaser image, two more images surfaced, depicting the current Bonnie and Foxy alongside the newer models of the same characters. Further updates from Scott's website show that a new animatronic would be joining the cast of already confirmed characters - a clown-like puppet appearing in what is now known as the Prize Corner."

"A two-night demo was released to the general public, while exclusive three-night demos were released to certain YouTubers such as Markiplier. Soon after the demo came out, the full game was released to everyone."

SummerSlam (1999)

SummerSlam (1999) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on August 22, 1999 at Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was the twelfth SummerSlam event held by the WWF.

The main event saw Mankind defeat Steve Austin and Triple H in a Triple threat match to win the WWF Championship. Mankind won the match by pinfall after hitting Austin with a Double arm DDT.


Alain LeRoy Locke

Alain Leroy Locke (September 13, 1886 – June 9, 1954) was an American writer, philosopher, educator, and patron of the arts. He was the first African American Rhodes Scholar in 1907. Locke was called the "godfather" of the Harlem Renaissance. As a result, popular listings of influential African-Americans have repeatedly included him. On March 19, 1968, the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said: "We're going to let our children know that the only philosophers that lived were not Plato and Aristotle, but W. E. B. Du Bois and Alain Locke came through the universe."

Locke was born on September 13, 1886 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His parents were both schoolteachers. He was a graduate of Central High School and the Philadelphia School of Pedagogy. He was a member of the Harvard University of 1908. However, he graduated ("magna cum laude") after only three years in 1907. In 1912 he won a Rhodes Scholarship which he used to attend Oxford University. He also studied for a year at the Frederick William University of Berlin. In 1918 he received his Ph.D. from Harvard.

He began teaching at Howard University where he remained until 1953. He retired because of heart problems. Locke died on June 9, 1954 in New York City. His last work was an unfinished book, "The Negro in American Culture". It was finished and published in 1956 by his daughter, Margaret Just Butcher.


Urbano Rattazzi

Urbano Pio Francesco Rattazzi (29 June 1808 – 5 June 1873) was an Italian statesman.

He was born in Alessandria (Piedmont). He studied law at Turin and in 1838 began working as a lawyer. He began his political career in 1848, when he was elected deputy of the Kingdom of Sardinia.

Urbano Rattazzi served as President of the Chamber of Deputies three times: twice in the Kingdom of Sardinia (from 11 May 1852 to 27 October 1853 and from 10 January 1859 to 21 January 1860) and once in the Kingdom of Italy (from 18 February 1861 to March 3 1862).

Very moderate member of the "Historical Left", he was twice Prime Minister of Italy: from March 3 1862 to December 8 of the same year and from 10 April 1867 to 27 October of the same year.

When Giuseppe Garibaldi tried to join Rome to Italy with a forceful action, Rattazzi ordered that he be arrested. However, "the hero of two worlds" escaped: consequently, Rattazzi was forced to resign and retire from political life.

Rattazzi was also several times Minister and deputy, both in the Kingdom of Sardinia and in the Kingdom of Italy.

He died at Frosinone.

His wife, Maria Wyse Bonaparte, was a granddaughter of Lucien Bonaparte and a grandniece of Napoleon Bonaparte.

Västra Karup

Västra Karup is a locality in Båstad Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 582 people lived there. Birgit Nilsson was born there 1918.

Östra Karup

Östra Karup is a locality in Båstad Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 594 people lived there.

Torekov

Torekov is a locality in Båstad Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 863 people lived there. While still a fishing village, it is today also a summer resort.

In August 1971 the "Torekov Compromise" was decided there. It stripped the Swedish monarchs of all remainind political power.

Hjärnarp

Hjärnarp is a locality in Ängelholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 975 people lived there.

Kattarp

Kattarp is a locality in Helsingborg Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, people lived there.

Arbrå

Arbrå is a locality in Bollnäs Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,215 people lived there.

Kilafors

Kilafors is a locality in Bollnäs Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,126 people lived there.

Odd Olsen Ingerø

Odd Olsen Ingerø (born September 22, 1950) is a Norwegian civil servant. He was the Governor of Svalbard from 2001 to 2005 and again from 2009 to 2015. Ingerø was governor from 2001-2005, and came back in 2009 for a second term. For 20 years he was the chief of police in Kirkenes.

Gladstone Gander

Gladstone Gander is the luck cousin of Donald and Fethry Duck,is the son of Daphne Duck and Goostave Gander. The Luck was inherited from the mother. Gladstone is one of the first works by Barks, even before Uncle Scrooge. 
GLaDstone boasts of great fortune that, look not inherited from the mother, and often in the stories of Italian production comes out with his cousin Donald Duck to annoy,for example the DoubleDuck saga.
As countless other characters from Carl Barks appears in television saga DuckTales, here the lucky duck acts as secondary character.

Anna-Clara Tidholm

Anna-Clara Beatrice Tidholm (born "Tjerneld" on 7 January 1946 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish children's writer and illustrator. She grew up on the island of Djurgården in Stockholm. She has lived at a small farm in Arbrå since 1970.



Horse theft

Horse theft is the crime of stealing a horse. A person accused of stealing a horse is known as a horse thief. Horse theft was fairly common throughout the world prior to widespread car ownership. Punishments were often severe for horse theft. In several places the sentence of death was carried out. This was seen as a deterrent against horse theft. Death for an agricultural crime such as horse theft is seen as inhumane under most modern systems of law. Horse theft is an uncommon crime today.

Göingeflickorna

Göingeflickorna was a girl vocal trio from Sweden. It was active between 1955-1955. The members were sisters Sonja Martinsson (1934–2013), Barbro Svensson (born 1941) and Agnetha Gardelid (born 1945). Their major breakthrough came in 1961 with the song "Kära mor". Barbro left the trio in 1975. Sonja and Agnetha then continued appearing together.


Fellingsbro

Fellingsbro is a locality in Lindesberg Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,384 people lived there.

Åmotfors

Åmotfors is a bimunicipal locality in Eda Municipality and Arvika Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,410 people lived there.

Justin Capră

Virgilius Justin Capra (22 February 1933 – 19 January 2015) was a Romanian inventor, teacher and engineer. He was known for his many inventions including: the world's 1st first jetpack (named "flying backpack"), electric tricycle Oblio and Troty, the smallest car in the world Soleta (with a consumption of 0.5l / 100 km), first "rocketcar", car with a plane engine (Virgilius) and more.

Kemal Monteno

Kemal Monteno (17 September 1948 – 21 January 2015) was a Bosnian singer-songwriter. His career stretched back to the 1960s. He recorded his first song "Lidija" in 1967 and has enjoyed a prosperous career in the former Yugoslavia. He is perhaps best known for "Sarajevo ljubavi moja", a tribute to his home town.

Monteno died at a Zagreb hospital of pneumonia and sepsis on 21 January 2015 due to complications after the kidney transplant. He was 66 years old.

Austrian School

The Austrian School is a way of thinking about economics. It is based on the actions of the individual person. It started in late 19th and early 20th century Vienna, Austria. It is referred to as Austrian economics, because the primary economists were Austrian although its followers are from all over the world today.

Followers of the Austrian school criticize central planning, government price controls and other state regulations. They say that it is impossible for government institutions to make comparatively better decisions about production or the prices of goods and services because they do not have the knowledge or flexibility that millions of individual consumers have. Followers of the Austrian school also criticize government inflation of the money supply.


The Hunchback of Notre Dame II

The Hunchback of Notre Dame II (also known as The Hunchback of Notre Dame II: The Secret of the Bell) is a 2002 American musical comedy movie. It is a direct-to-video sequel to the 1996 Disney animated movie "The Hunchback of Notre Dame". It was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It was released on January 24, 2002.


Additional voices

Calcaneus

The calcaneus is a bone of the foot and part of the heel. Its name came from the Latin word , "calcaneus" or "calcaneum", meaning heel.

Spur (zoology)

A spur is a bone covered in horn that grows out of an animal's body. While claws or nails grow from the toes, spurs grow on other parts of the foot. These parts are usually connected with joints. Spurs are mostly found on the hindfeet, but some birds have spurs at the edge of their wings.

Not many mammals have spurs.
The male platypus has spurs on the heels of its hind feet. The spurs are hollow and connected to a venom gland. This helps the platypus kick painfully. Echidnas have spurs as well, but they are not venomous. Fossils of some early mammals are found to have spurs also.

Ryan Adams

David Ryan Adams (born November 5, 1974) is an American singer-songwriter, musician and producer. He was a member of the alternative country band Whiskeytown. His first solo album, "Heartbreaker", was released in 2000. 

Adams was born in Jacksonville, North Carolina.


Electroreception

Electroreception is the ability animals have to sense electrical sources. It is mostly found in aquatic or amphibious animals. This is because water helps the signals travel better than air. Some exceptions are the echidnas, cockroaches and bees. Electroreception is used in electrolocation.

Until recently, people thought only vertebrates had electroreception. However, research has shown that bees use electroreception to find flowers. Electroreception is found in lampreys, cartilaginous fishes (sharks, rays, chimaeras), lungfishes, bichirs, coelacanths, sturgeons, catfishes, gymnotiformes, monotremes, and at least one species of cetacean. Fish have electroreception from their lateral lines. In most groups electroreception is used for predation. The Western long-beaked echidna has about 2,000 electroreceptors on its bill. Its relative, the duck-billed platypus, has 40,000.

Electroreceptive animals use this sense to find where objects are. This is important in ecological niches where the animal cannot see. For example, animals cannot use their vision in caves, in murky water, and at night. Many fish use electric fields to find buried prey. Some shark pups "freeze" when they feel the electric signal of their predators.



Rachael Taylor

Rachael May Taylor (born 11 July 1984) is an Australian actress and model. She acts in both Australian and Hollywood movies. She played Maggie Madsen in the 2007 movie "Transformers". She played Teri in "Man-Thing".

Taylor was born in Launceston, Tasmania.

Hydrogen ion

Hydrogen ion is recommended by IUPAC as a general term for all ions of hydrogen and its isotopes. 
Depending on the charge of the ion, there are two types: positively charged ions and negatively charged ions.

When hydrogen loses its electron, the cations can be formed:

The ions produced by the reaction of these cations with water, as well as their hydrates, are also called 'hydrogen ions'.

In connection with acids, "hydrogen ions" usually refers to hydrons.

Hydrogen anions are formed when additional electrons are acquired:


SummerSlam (1998)

SummerSlam (1998) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on August 30, 1998 at Madison Square Garden in New York, New York. It was the eleventh SummerSlam event held by the WWF.

The main event saw Steve Austin defeat The Undertaker and retain his WWF Championship. Austin won the match by pinfall after he hit Undertaker with the Stunner. On the undercard, the main match was a ladder match between Triple H and The Rock for the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Triple H won the match by climbing a ladder and grabbing the title that was hanging above the ring.


Yours Faithfully

Yours Faithfully is the final studio album as of 2015 by Rebbie Jackson. The album has the extended version of "Centipede" on it. The title track, along with "You Take Me Places" and the extended "Centipede" (original 1984 track) were released in 1998.

The song "Centipede" had been released fourteen years earlier.

Maria Rolf

Maria Rolf, born 1970, is a Swedish singer. She is the singer of dansband Titanix.

In February 2010 she participated in the "Sveriges dansband för Haiti" aid. That happened following an earthquake in Haiti.

On 18 July 2010 she won a Guldklaven Award in the category "female singer of the year". It was during Svenska dansbandsveckan in Malung she was given the award.

Emilia Ramboldt

Emilia Ramboldt, earlier Emilia Andersson, born 31 August 1988 in Sollentuna, Sweden) is a Swedish female ice hockey defencewoman. She played for Sweden during the women's ice hockey tournament during the 2010 Olympic Winter Games.



Emilia

Emilia may refer to:


Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre

Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon (16 November 1725 – 4 March 1793) was the son of Louis Alexandre de Bourbon and his wife Marie Victoire de Noailles. He was also a grandson of Louis XIV of France and his mistress, Madame de Montespan. From birth he was known as the Duke of Penthièvre. He also possessed many titles inherited from his father and was the richest man in France during his lifetime. He was later the father in law of Philippe Égalité. Though his fsther was an illegitimate son of a king the young duke was still known as and given the rank of a Prince of the blood. A majority of his vast fortune had been inherited via "La Grande Mademoiselle". Hen was also famous for his incredible generosity to the poor of the time. He also owned the land where the future Royal Chapel of Dreux would be built.

In 1744 Penthièvre married Princess Maria Teresa Felicitas d'Este of Modena, (1726-1754), the daughter of Francesco d'Este, the Duke of Modena and Reggio, and his first cousin, Charlotte Aglaé d'Orléans. The young couple occupied a suite of apartments at Versailles which had previously been occupied by their joint ancestor Madame de Montespan. These apartments were used by the duke and his family until the reign of Louis XVI of France when the space was given to "Mesdames", the new king's spinster aunts.

The couple had seven children, only two of whom survived infancy:

The Duchess of Penthièvre died after her last childbirth in 1754. Very badly hurt by the loss of his young wife, the duke never married again despite the sister of his dead wife, Princess Matilde being suggested as a possible candidate to marry. The widower refused.

16 November 1725 – 4 March 1793 "His Serene Highness" The Duke of Penthièvre.


Emilia (given name)

Emilia is a feminine name of Latin origin. It is got from the name Emily, which itself is got from the Latin "aemulus", meaning “rival” or “emulating”. 

The name Emilia is often associated with the Latin phrase “aemulare”, which means “to strive to equal or excel”. This name was ranked #40 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021.

As of 2010, records indicated that more than 13,500 girls in the USA had been named Emilia since 1880. The popularity has been increasing after the year 2000.



Lisa Riley

Lisa Jane Riley (born 13 July 1976) is an English television presenter and actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Mandy Dingle in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (1995–2001, 2019–present). Riley succeeded Jeremy Beadle as presenter of "You've Been Framed!".

Jessica Ennis-Hill

Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill (born 28 January 1986), is a British track and field athlete. She specializes in multi-eventing disciplines and 100 meter hurdles. She is a member of the City of Sheffield Athletic Club. Ennis-Hill is the current Olympic heptathlon champion. She is the former European and world heptathlon champion. Ennis-Hill is also the former world indoor Women's pentathlon champion. 

She is the current British national record holder for the heptathlon and the indoor pentathlon. She is a former British record holder in the 100 metres hurdles and the high jump.

Ennis won a gold medal in the indoor World Championships in Doha. This was for pentathlon. In Jessica's first competition in 2011 she set an indoor personal best of 14.11 metres in the shot put. She improved this record by 50 centimetres a week later at an indoor meeting in Loughborough. On 29 January 2012, Ennis captained the British team at an international meeting in Glasgow. She competed in the sixty-metres hurdles and won in a time of 7.97 seconds.

At the 2011 World Athletics Championships in Daegu, South Korea, Ennis originally finished second to Tatyana Chernova with a score of 6,751 points. This was 129 points behind Chernova and 72 points below her own personal best of 6,823 points. Although Ennis beat Chernova in five of the seven events, her defeat was largely due to Chernova scoring 251 more points in the javelin throw. Chernova was later disqualified for failing a later doping testing, On 29 November 2016 Ennis-Hill was upgraded to a Gold Medal.

She won gold in the Heptathlon at the 2012 London Olympics.

On 13 October 2016, Ennis-Hill announced her retirement from athletics.

Ennis-Hill was born in Sheffield to a Jamaican father and English mother. Ennis was made a Member of the British Empire in 2011. She was made a Commander of the British Empire in 2013. On November 8, 2012, she published a book about her life called "Unbelievable - From My Childhood Dreams to Winning Olympic Gold".

Go Deep

"Go Deep" is a pop song from singer Janet Jackson. The song is about Jackson's plan to go to a nightclub to find a man to have sex with. The song has many remixes. The original recording of this song is four minutes and 42 seconds. The longest version is ten minutes and 53 seconds. The single was given mixed reviews from music critics. It did well in many countries. "Go Deep" was released on June 15, 1998.

Ulvåker

Ulvåker is a locality in Skövde Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 254 people lived there.

Anne Ottenbrite

Anne Ottenbrite-Muylaert, CM (born May 12, 1966) is a Canadian retired swimmer. She was a breaststroke swimmer.

Ottenbrite competed for Canada at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. She won a gold, silver, and a bronze medal for Canada. She won a gold medal in the 200 m breaststroke, a silver medal in the 100 m breaststroke, and a bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m medley relay with Reema Abdo, Michelle MacPherson, and Pamela Rai. She also won a gold and silver medal for Canada at the 1983 Pan American Games in the 100 m breaststroke and the 4 × 100 m medley.

In 1984, Ottenbrite attended the University of Southern California. She transferred to Wilfrid Laurier University in 1987 and graduated in 1990. She retired from the national team in 1986.

She was inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 1985, Canadian Aquatic Hall of Fame in 1986, Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1994, and International Swim Hall of Fame in 1999. She was awarded the Order of Canada in 1984.


Svenska dansbandsveckan

Svenska dansbandsveckan is a dansband music festival. It is held in the Orrskogen folkpark of Malung in Sweden. It is held every Week 29. The event was first held in 1986. Usually the event is opened with the Guldklaven awards being awarded.

In 2012 the event was visited by a total of 50,700 people. That meant a new record had been broken.


Koskullskulle

Koskullskulle is a locality in Gällivare Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 874 people lived there.

Tidan

Tidan is a locality in Skövde Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 935 people lived there.

Ölme

Ölme is a locality in Kristinehamn Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 224 people lived there.

Skultorp

Skultorp is a locality in Skövde Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,642 people lived there.

Iggesund

Iggesund is a locality in Hudiksvall Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,362 people lived there.

SummerSlam (1997)

SummerSlam (1997) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on August 3, 1997 at Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford, New Jersey. It was the tenth SummerSlam event held by the WWF.

The main event saw Bret Hart defeat The Undertaker and win the WWF Championship with Shawn Michaels acting as the special guest referee. Hart won the match by pinfall after he spit in Michaels face and Michaels swung a chair, which Hart was able to avoid, and hit The Undertaker.

During the Intercontinental title match between Owen Hart and Stone Cold Steve Austin, Owen botched a piledriver which had briefly paralyzed Austin and had left him with many years of neck issues which ultimately forced him to retire at age 37 in 2003. Austin has since said that his neck is in good shape and he is in zero pain after he had a successful neck surgery performed in 2000.


Delsbo

Delsbo () is a locality in Hudiksvall Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,192 people lived there. It is located circa 25 kilometers west of Hudiksvall, near the two lakes of Dellen. The place is known for its assembly of musicians at Delsbo Ancient Farm ("Delsbo Forngård") each year.

Hillared

Hillared is a locality in Svenljunga Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 578 people lived there.

Överlida

Överlida is a locality in Svenljunga Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 525 people lived there.

Luigi Carlo Farini

Luigi Carlo Farini (October 22, 1812 - August 1, 1866) was an Italian physician, statesman and historian. Farini was born at Russi, now in the province of Ravenna. He graduated with a degree in medicine in 1832 at the University of Bologna. Later he worked as a physician, researching intermittent fevers and rabies.

Farini was initially a republican and a supporter of Giuseppe Mazzini. Later he became a monarchist and member of the "Historic Right". In 1851 he was, for a few months, Minister of Education of the Kingdom of Sardinia in the government led by Massimo D'Azeglio.

He was dictator "pro tempore" of Emilia from July 20, 1859 to March 13, 1860. He had the same role in Romagna from November 9, 1859. Farini was appointed President of the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom of Italy in the December 8, 1862. However, he was struck by a nervous disease that would take him to madness. During the Polish uprising of January 1863, he threatened the king Victor Emmanuel II with a knife. This was because he wanted to force him to declare war against the Russian Empire. As a result of this act, he was commitmed to the asylu of Novalese, a small town near Turin. Farini died at Genoa in poverty in 1866.

Gimo

Gimo is a locality in Östhammar Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010 2,688 people lived there.

Näsviken

Näsviken may refer to:


Näsviken, Strömsund Municipality

Näsviken is a locality in Strömsund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 203 people lived there.

Näsviken, Hudiksvall Municipality

Näsviken is a locality in Hudiksvall Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 924 people lived there.

Backe

Backe is a locality in Strömsund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 599 people lived there.

Lagan, Sweden

Lagan is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,744 people lived there. The place is named after the Lagan River.

Psychological trauma

Psychological trauma is damage to the psyche that happens after a stressful event. It can be caused by things that make a person afraid. Common causes include humiliation, sexual abuse, bullying, psychological abuse and domestic violence. Living with any of those for a long time can cause psychological trauma.

People who have suffered psychological trauma, particularly in childhood and adolescence, are more likely to have psychological problems. Those problems can include posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and borderline personality disorder.

Nissan Cup

Nissan Cup () was an ice hockey tournament for men's national teams. It was played in Switzerland between 1988-1994. The tournament was originally played in November. It was later moved to February. Finally, the tournament was moved back to November.

Moderate Women

The Moderate Women () is a women's faction of the Moderate Party in Sweden. It was established in 1912. That was following women had been allowing to vote in municipal elections from 1910.


SD-Women

The SD Women () is a Political faction of the Sweden Democrats. It consists of women. It was established in October 2010.


Stefanie Scott

Stefanie Scott (born December 6, 1996) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Lexi Reed in the television series, A.N.T. Farm. She has been in TV shows and movies on the Disney Channel. She had a role in the movie "No Strings Attached". She has won two Young Artist Awards and a Behind the Voice Actors Award.

Vrigstad

Vrigstad is a locality in Sävsjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,421 people lived there.

Irsta

Irsta is a locality in Västerås Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,717 people lived there.

Stockaryd

Stockaryd is a locality in Sävsjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 958 people lived there.

Rörvik

Rörvik is a locality in Sävsjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 523 people lived there.

Lammhult

Lammhult is a locality in Växjö Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,459 people lived there.

Agunnaryd

Agunnaryd is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 220 people lived there.

Gamleby

Gamleby is a locality in Västervik Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,775 people lived there.

Bella and the Bulldogs

Bella and the Bulldogs is an American sitcom airs on Nickelodeon. The series Premiered January 17, 2015.

On March 4, 2015, Nickelodeon ordered a second season.

The series follows Bella, a cheerleader who lives in Texas. Her life changes when she becomes the new quarterback for her school football team, the Bulldogs.




Karlsborg, Kalix Municipality

Karlsborg (Kalix Language: "kjalsbåri") is a locality in Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 351 people lived there.

Nyborg

Nyborg is a locality in Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 833 people lived there 2010.

Seskarö

Seskarö (Finnish: "Seittenkaari") is a locality in Haparanda Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 491 people lived there. It is located on the island with the same name in the Haparanda Archipelago. Since 1978, it has bridge connection to maninland Sweden.

Porjus

Porjus is a locality in Jokkmokk Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2015, 240 people lived there. It is located near the shorelines of the Lule River.

Brottby

Brottby is a locality in Vallentuna Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 205 people lived there. In January 1998, the place was brought attention when Swedish police stroke against a Neo-Nazi rock concert.

Morjärv

Morjärv (Kalix language: "morajärv") is a locality in Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 201 people lived there.

Gammelgården

Gammelgården is a locality in Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 297 people lived there.

Leon Brittan

Leon Brittan, Baron Brittan of Spennithorne (25 September 1939 – 21 January 2015) was a British politician and barrister. A member of the Conservative Party, he served as Home Secretary (1983–1985), a member of Parliament (MP) and subsequently of the European Commission.

Brittan died of cancer in London, aged 75.

In October 2014, a Labour MP used parliamentary privilege to refer to claims that Brittan had been linked to child abuse. On 21 March 2016, the Metropolitan Police confirmed that "Operation Midland", the investigation into the alleged paedophile ring, had been closed without any charges being brought.

Lotte Hass

Charlotte ("Lotte") Hildegard Hass (née Baierl; 6 November 1928 – 14 January 2015) was the second wife of the Austrian naturalist and diving pioneer Hans Hass (who died on 16 June 2013). She worked as an underwater model and actress in several of his underwater natural history movies. She was added into the Women Divers Hall of Fame and the International Scuba Diving Hall of Fame in 2000.

 at IMDb

Marcus Borg

Marcus J. Borg (March 11, 1942 – January 21, 2015) was an American New Testament scholar, theologian and author. He was a fellow of the Jesus Seminar and a former Hundere Distinguished Professor of Religion and Culture at Oregon State University. He was a major figure in scholarship related to the historical Jesus. He was born in Fergus Falls, Minnesota.

Borg died at the age of 72 on Wednesday, January 21, 2015 from pulmonary fibrosis in Powell Butte, Oregon.

Pauline Yates

Pauline Yates (16 June 1929 – 21 January 2015) was an English actress. She was best known for playing Elizabeth Perrin in the BBC television sitcom "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin". She also starred in "Bachelor Father" and "Keep It in the Family".

Yates died on 21 January 2015, aged 85.

Vytautas Landsbergis

Professor Vytautas Landsbergis (born 18 October 1932) is a Lithuanian conservative politician and a former Member of the European Parliament. He was the first head of state of Lithuania after its independence declaration from the Soviet Union, and served as the Head of the Lithuanian Parliament Seimas.


Chalon-sur-Saône

Chalon-sur-Saône is a city and a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of France. It is the largest city of the department; however, the department capital is the smaller city of Mâcon.

Though the place where is Chalon-sur-Saône now was an important town of the Aedui (Celtic people that lived between the Saône and Loire rivers) and objects of La Tène culture have been found here, the first mention of the town, as Cavillonum or Cabillonum, is found in Julius Caesar's "Gallic Wars" (VII, chs. 42 and 90).

Chalon-sur-Saône is on the sides of the Saône river, in the south of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. The city is at to the southeast of Paris and at to the north of Lyon.

It has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The Saône river flows through the eastern part of the city and the small river Thalie flows through the western part of the "commune".

Chalon-sur-Saône is surrounded by the "communes" Fragnes, Crissey, Châtenoy-en-Bresse, Saint-Marcel, Lux, Saint-Rémy, Châtenoy-le-Royal and Champforgeuil.

The climate of Chalon-sur-Saône, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Chalon-sur-Saône are known, in French, as "Chalonnais" (women: "Chalonnaises").

With a population of 44,985, Chalon-sur-Saône has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Chalon-sur-Saône

Chalon-sur-Saône forms, with other 9 "communes", the urban area of Chalon-sur-Saône, with a population of 74.357 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Chalon-sur-Saône, formed by 90 "communes" with a population of 134,568 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Chalon-sur-Saône is a subprefecture of the Saône-et-Loire department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône and the administrative centre () of three cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Chalon" ().

Chalon-sur-Saône is a twin town of:

Some interesting places in Chalon-sur-Saône are:




Dalia Grybauskaitė

Dalia Grybauskaitė (born 1 March 1956) is a Lithuanian politician. She became the President of Lithuania on 12 July 2009. She was re-elected in May 2014. She is the country's first female President and the first to be elected for a second term.

She was Vice-Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of Finance, also European Commissioner for Financial Programming and the Budget from 2004 to 2009. She is often referred to as the "Iron Lady" or the "Steel Magnolia".


Arrondissements of the Saône-et-Loire department

There are 5 arrondissements in the Saône-et-Loire department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Saône-et-Loire department are:

Since its creation, the Saône-et-Loire department has had few changes:


Chris Kyle

Christopher Scott "Chris" Kyle (April 8, 1974 – February 2, 2013) was a United States Navy SEAL. Kyle was the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history. He had 160 confirmed kills out of 255 possible kills. Kyle was born in Odessa, Texas.

On February 2, 2013, Kyle was shot and killed at a shooting range near Chalk Mountain, Texas, aged 38.

Arrondissement of Autun

The arrondissement of Autun is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Saône-et-Loire "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Autun.

When the Saône-et-Loire department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Autun was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Autun is bordered to the north by the Côte-d'Or department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Charolles and to the west by the Nièvre department.

It is the northernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second largest in area of the department. It has 86,693 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the arrondissement of Autun are:

The "arrondissement" of Autun has 83 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Pietro Grasso

Pietro Grasso (; born 1 January 1945), also known as Piero Grasso, is an Italian anti-mafia magistrate and politician. He was the President of the Italian Senate from 2013 until 2018. Grasso became Acting President of Italy on 14 January 2015, after the resignation of President Giorgio Napolitano. Sergio Mattarella succeeded Grasso as president when he was elected as the new president of Italy.

Arrondissement of Chalon-sur-Saône

The arrondissement of Chalon-sur-Saône is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Saône-et-Loire "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Chalon-sur-Saône.

When the Saône-et-Loire department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône is bordered to the north by the Côte-d'Or department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Louhans, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Mâcon, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Charolles and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Autun.

It is found in the northern part of the department, with an area of , the second largest in area of the department. It has 200,084 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of the department with more people living there, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the arrondissement of Chalon-sur-Saône are:
The "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône has 149 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Charolles

The arrondissement of Charolles is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Saône-et-Loire "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Charolles.

When the Saône-et-Loire department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Charolles was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Charolles is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Autun, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône and to the east by the "arrondissement" of Mâcon. It is also bordered by three departments of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region: the Rhône department to the southeast, the Loire department to the south and the Allier department to the west.

It is in the southwestern corner of the department, with an area of , the largest in area of the department. It has 99,381 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Charolles are:
The "arrondissement" of Charolles has 135 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Louhans

The arrondissement of Louhans is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Saône-et-Loire "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Louhans.

When the Saône-et-Loire was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Louhans was part of that original department. In 1926, the "arrondissement" of Louhans was eliminated but in 1942 it became again an "arrondissement" of the department.

The "arrondissement" of Louhans is bordered to the north and east by the Jura department, to the southeast by the Ain (Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Mâcon, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône and to the northwest (a small part) by the Côte-d'Or department.

It is the easternmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second smallest in area of the department. It has 55,567 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of Saône-et-Loire with fewer people living in it, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only three cantons in the arrondissement of Louhans: Cuiseaux (partly), Louhans and Pierre-de-Bresse.

The "arrondissement" of Louhans has 79 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Mâcon

The arrondissement of Mâcon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Saône-et-Loire "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Mâcon.

When the Saône-et-Loire department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Mâcon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Mâcon is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Louhans and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Charolles. It is also bordered by two departments of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region: the Rhône department to the south and the Ain department to the east.

It is in the southern part of the department, with an area of , the smallest in area of the department. It has 114,063 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Mâcon are:


The "arrondissement" of Mâcon has 121 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Landslide victory

A landslide victory is when one candidate or political party in an election receives a lot more votes or seats than their opponent.

An example of a landslide victory is when Ronald Reagan won the 1984 United States presidential election by winning 49 out of the 50 states. Other examples include when Tony Blair and his Labour Party won the United Kingdom general elections of 1997 and 2001 and when Andrés Manuel López Obrador won the presidency by nearly 13,000,000 votes in the 2018 Mexican general election.


Olga Kurylenko

Olga Kurylenko (born 14 November 1979) is a Ukrainian-French actress and model. She started acting in 2005. She became famous by playing Bond girl Camille Montes in the movie "Quantum of Solace". She also played Julia in the 2013 movie "Oblivion". 

Kurylenko was born in Berdyansk, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.

On 15 March 2020, Kurylenko announced she had tested positive for COVID-19.

Let's Wait Awhile

"Let's Wait Awhile" is a 1987 pop ballad by singer Janet Jackson. The song reached #2 in the United States and #3 in the United Kingdom. This song is about sexual abstinence.

The song received mostly positive reviews from the music critics. It was released in early 1987. It is from 1986 album Control.

Love Will Never Do (Without You)

"Love Will Never Do (Without You)" is a 1990 hit single from Janet Jackson. The song was Jackson's fifth #1 single on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was from her record "Rhythm Nation 1814". The song was released in October 1990.

The song reached #19 on the "Billboard" Year-End Hot 100 of 1991. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.

Messier 81

Messier 81 (also known as NGC 3031 or Bode's Galaxy) is a spiral galaxy. It is in the constellation Ursa Major. It is large. It is about 12 million light-years from Earth. It has an active galactic nucleus (which has a supermassive black hole). For these reasons Messier 81 has been well studied by professional astronomers. The galaxy is large and very bright. This makes it a popular object for amateur astronomers to look at.

Messier 81 was discovered by Johann Elert Bode in 1774. The galaxy is sometimes called "Bode's Galaxy". In 1779, Pierre Méchain and Charles Messier reidentified Bode's object. They listed it as Messier 81 in the Messier Catalogue.

M81 is dusty. Interstellar dust is found in the galaxy's spiral arms. It is connected with star formation areas. The hot blue stars in star formation areas heat the dust and the hot dust emits infrared energy from these areas.

Only one supernova has been seen in Messier 81. The supernova is named SN 1993J. It was discovered on 28 March 1993 by F. Garcia in Spain. At the time, it was the second brightest supernova seen in the 20th century.

Messier 81 is the largest galaxy in the M81 Group. The M81 Group is a group of 34 galaxies in the constellation Ursa Major. This Group and the Local Group, containing the Milky Way, are close together in the Virgo Supercluster. 

Messier 81 is about 10° northwest of Alpha Ursae Majoris. Messier 81 and Messier 82 can both be easily seen using binoculars and small telescopes.



Come Back to Me (Janet Jackson song)

"Come Back to Me" is a 1990 ballad from singer Janet Jackson. The song is about trying to bring back a romance that ended a long time ago. The song hit #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song was released on June 18, 1989 and is from Janet's 1989 studio album "Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814"

Sjöberg

Sjöberg is a locality in Sollentuna Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,310 people lived there.

Borrby

Borrby is a locality in Simrishamn Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 930 people lived there.

Housemaid debate

The housemaid debate or maid debate is a political discussion in Sweden. It begun on 18 July 1993 when Swedish economist Anne-Marie Pålsson proposed tax deductions for household services.

Many right-wing politicians supported the proposal. They thought it would reduce unreported employment. Many left-wing politicians expressed negative thoughts. They said it would increase social class gaps. The left-wing politicians pointed to the time before the 1970s, when many girls were employed to live-in and work for wealthier families. The discussion has later reappeared. Often, it has reappeared during elections in Sweden.

Tax deductions, so called RUT deductions for household services, were introducd in Sweden on 1 July 2007. That was during the centre-right Reinfeldt cabinet.

Brottby Concert

The Brottby Concert () was a Neo-Nazi rock concert. It was held at the Yesterday dancing venue in Brottby, Sweden on Saturday evening, 3 January 1998. Participating bands and audience came from several countries. Swedish police stroke against the concert. Several persons suspected for hate speech were arrested. Totally the police arrested circa 250 personer people. Participants from other countries, for example the USA said during the trial that they didn't knew doing a nazi salute was considered hate speech in Sweden. The concert and the following trials were brought major attention by Swedish newspapers.

Many bands appeared at the concert. Major attention was brought to, among others "Max Resist" and "Vit aggression". The police stroke as Vit aggression played. During their 2002 album "Keep Fighting", Max Resist also recorded the song "Battle of Brottby" with references to the Brottby Concert.

Grillby

Grillby is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 972 people lived there.

The Story of Doctor Dolittle

The Story of Doctor Dolittle is a 1920 book about Doctor John Dolittle and his animals. This book is the first in a series of children's books by Hugh Lofting. "The Story of Doctor Dolittle" is about a doctor who can speak with the animals in their own languages. He starts treating animals instead of human patients.

The book is set in Victorian England. Dolittle lives in the English village of Puddleby-on-the-Marsh in the West Country. He has many friends, like Tommy Stubbins and Matthew Mugg, the Cats'-Meat Man. His house is filled with animals. He owns a parrot called Polynesia, a pig called Gub-Gub, a dog called Jip, a duck called Dab-Dab, a monkey called Chee-Chee, an owl called Too-Too, and a white mouse named "Whitey". He also owns a gazelle-unicorn cross called "pushmi-pullyu" ("push-me—pull-you") that has two heads, one at the back and one at the front of the body.
The doctor in this first book takes a ship to Africa to cure the animals there.

Planthopper

Planthoppers are insects in the infraorder Fulgoromorpha. They are true bugs (Hemiptera), with over 12,500 described species. 

They are cryptic mimics: their body shape and colours look like leaves and other plant parts in their environment. They either walk very slowly or hop like grasshoppers. 

Members of this group are plant-feeders, and live world-wide. Few are pests, but some are vectors for plant diseases. Phytoplasmas which live in the phloem of plants can be transmitted by planthoppers when feeding.

Their nymphs have a biological gear mechanism at the base of the hind legs, which keeps the legs in synchrony when the insects jump.

The planthopper is mentioned in a key scene from Alfred Hitchcock's film "Marnie":

Lynn Anderson

Lynn Anderson (September 26, 1947 – July 30, 2015) was an American country musician. She sang many hit songs in the 1970s and 1980s. She began in 1966 at age nineteen. Her first major hit was "If I Kiss You (Will You Go Away)". Other hit songs were "Promises, Promises", "Rose Garden" and "No Another Time".

Anderson was born in Grand Forks, North Dakota. She died on July 30, 2015 after suffering a heart attack at her Nashville, Tennessee home, aged 67.

Phytoplasma

Phytoplasmas are a type of parasitic bacteria. They are pathogens of economically important plants, including coconut, sugarcane, and sandalwood.

They are obligate parasites of plant phloem tissue. Their vectors are insects which inject then into the plant cells. They were discovered by scientists in 1967 and were named mycoplasma-like organisms or MLOs. They cannot be grown "in vitro" (in laboratory conditions), and that limits the information about them. They are described by the special term "Candidatus", reserved for such difficult organisms.

Sällskapet till belöning för trotjänare

Sällskapet till belöning av trotjänare is nonprofit organization in Sweden. It was established in 1828 It gives prizes and awards to domestic worker girls and women who have worked for at least 15 years for the same family in Stockholm County. The activite of the organization was brought attention on 4 March 1987 at SR P1.

The headquarters were in Saltsjö-Duvnäs. They were then relocated to Grillby.

In 1988 a newspaper announce about the organization holding annual meeting led to the making of the programme "Frida, en trotjänarinna". The initiative to the establishment of the organization was taken by Carl Löwenhielm.

Division of Perth

The Division of Perth is an Australian electoral division in Western Australia. It was one of the first 75 divisions set up for the first Australian election in 1901. It is named after Perth, the capital city of Western Australia.

It includes the suburbs of Ashfield, Bassendean, Bayswater, Bedford, Beechboro, East Perth, Eden Hill, Embleton, Highgate, Inglewood, Kiara, Lockridge, Maylands, Morley, Mount Lawley, Noranda, Northbridge, and parts of Coolbinia, Dianella, Menora, North Perth, Perth City, West Perth and Yokine.

Walter Nairn was Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives from 1940 to 1943. Tom Burke's son, Brian Burke, became Premier of Western Australia. Fred Chaney Snr. was Minister for the Navy in the Menzies and Holt governments. He was later appointed as Administrator of the Northern Territory. One of his sons, also named Fred Chaney, became a Member of Parliament. Joe Berinson served as Minister of the Environment in the Whitlam government. Ric Charlesworth was a hockey player, who played for Australia at five Olympic Games. Steven Smith served in the Rudd and Gillard governments as a minister, includuing Foreign Affairs, Trade, and Defence.


Det Kvindelige Velgørende Selskab

Det Kvindelige Velgørende Selskab was an organization in Denmark. It was established in 1815 when king Frederick VI of Denmark had been inspired while visiting the Congress of Vienna in Austria The organization was finally disestablished on 28 October 2004 after a meeting inside the Garnison Church in Copenhagen. Queen Marie of Denmark was appointed protector of the organization. That position was then held by someone from the Danish royal family. Queen Marie's birthday was always celebrated as an observance by the organization. They gave awards to domestic workers who had been in long-time service. Most other domestic workers used to leave by the age of 25-30 to form their own family. The organization also ran a school for housemaid girls. In 1828 they also opened Denmark's first daycare center.

The organization was disestablished as their activity had been outdated. However the housemaid girls at some places had been replaced by modern nanny girls.

When the organization was disestablished, Niels Gustav Bardenfleth published the book "For lang och tro tjeneste. Det Kvindelige Velgørende Selskab 1815-2004".

Bikont

A bikont ("two flagellae") is any eukaryotic organism in the group Bikonta. Many single-celled members of the group, and the presumed ancestor, have two flagella.

The TSAR supergroup is a group of Bikonts containing telonemia (T), stramenopiles (S), alveolata (A), and rhizaria (R).

The SAR supergroup is a group of Bikonts containing stramenopiles (S), alveolata (A), and rhizaria (R).

Another shared trait of bikonts is the fusion of two genes into a single unit. The genes for thymidylate synthase (TS) and dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) code for a single 
protein with two functions. 

The genes are separately translated in unikonts.

Stockholm Town Housemaid School

The Stockholm Town Housemaid School () was a vocational school. It was started in 1938 at Scheelegatan 8 on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm, Sweden. The school educated housemaids. It was established during a shortage of housemaids, and the idea was well received. The students were graded. The classes where phtographed wearing housemaid uniforms.

Harald Norbelie has depicted the school in a chapter of the 1993 book "".

Kungsholmen

Kungsholmen is an island in the Lake Mälaren in Sweden. It is north of Riddarfjärden. The island is often included in the historical Swedish province of Uppland.

Ullared

Ullared is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 791 people lived there. The locality is wellknown for housing the department store of Gekås.

Pourya Fayazi

Pourya Fayazi Damnabi (, born 12 January 1993) is an Iranian volleyball player who plays for Shahrdari Urmia. He also plays for Iran men's national volleyball team. His debut game was against European champions Serbia at the FIVB Volleyball Men’s World Cup on November 22, 2011. 






Anne-Marie Pålsson

Anne-Marie Pålsson (born 23 April 1951) is a Swedish politician and economist. She was a member of the Swedish parliament for the Moderate Party between 2002 and 2010. She is also known for starting the Housemaid debate in July 1993.


Saman Faezi

Saman Faezi (born August 23, 1991 in Tehran) is an Iranian volleyball player. He is currently a member of club Paykan. He was named a member of Iran's National volleyball team to play in the 2014 World Championship in Poland.


Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me

Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me is a 1999 American comedy spy movie. It was directed by Jay Roach and was produced by Jan Blenkin, John S. Lyons, Eric McLeod, Demi Moore, and Mike Myers. "Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me" was released on June 11, 1999. The title of the movie is a play on the 1977 James Bond movie "The Spy Who Loved Me". It is the second movie in the "Austin Powers" series. It is the sequel to the 1997 movie "". A sequel was released in 2002 titled "Austin Powers in Goldmember".

The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 51% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie gained around US$310 million in worldwide ticket sales. The movie was nominated for an Academy Award in the category of Best Makeup at the 72nd Academy Awards but it lost to "Topsy-Turvy".

The setting is London, England. This is an action movie with comedy. Austin Powers (Mike Myers) is a British man trying to save the world from Dr. Evil (Mike Myers). He is a spy for the government but he finds it difficult to save the world from Dr. Evil.

Many characters use British English.


Air Berlin

Air Berlin was the second biggest airline in Germany. It was started in 1978. The first flight was in 1979. It became a low-cost carrier in 2002. It joined Oneworld in 2012. On 15 August 2017 Air Berlin stated it was filing for insolvency and on 9 October 2017 announced the end of its own operations by 28 October 2017. 

Gridlock'd

Gridlock'd is a 1997 American crime thriller comedy-drama movie set in Detroit. It was directed by Vondie Curtis-Hall and was produced by Damian Jones, Paul Webster, and Erica Huggins. "Gridlock'd" was released on January 31, 1997. The movie paid tribute to star Tupac Shakur, who was murdered four months before the release of the movie.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 88% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Editor Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" praised Shakur's performance, saying: "He played this part with an appealing mix of presence, confidence and humor".


Clan McDuck

The Clan McDuck is a family of ducks in the Disney fictional universe, based on the style of Scottish families. The most famous member is Scrooge McDuck.

According to the timeline of Don Rosa, the clan has been known since 122 AD when a member yet unnamed clan sold the stone for the construction crew of Hadrian's Wall. The Clan 'Scrooge was originally called Clan MacDuich, but left the Gaelic spelling of the name in 1071 and became the Clan McDuck.

Donald, his sister Della Duck and his sons Huey, Dewey, and Louie are the descendants of the clan through their maternal lineage.

County Waterford

County Waterford () is a county of Ireland. County Waterford is in the province of Munster. It is named after its county town, Waterford. The population of County Waterford was 113,795 in 2011.

Edgar Froese

Edgar Willmar Froese (6 June 1944 – 20 January 2015) was a German artist and electronic music pioneer. He was best known for founding the electronic music group Tangerine Dream.

Froese died suddenly in Vienna on 20 January 2015 from pulmonary embolism, aged 70.

Pedro Lemebel

Pedro Segundo Mardones Lemebel (21 November 1952 – 23 January 2015) was an openly gay Chilean essayist, chronicler, and novelist. He was known for writing books about Chilean culture based on the mind of a homosexual. He was nominated for Chile's National Literature Prize in 2014. 

Lemebel died of cancer of the larynx on January 23, 2015, aged 62.

Family Channel (Canadian TV channel)

Family Channel is a Canadian English language television channel. It is Canada's most popular children's channel. Originally it was a joint venture between Allarcom Pay Television and the operators of First Choice (now The Movie Network). The network was most recently sold by Bell Media for $170 million. Family Jr

Boyer Brothers

Boyer Brothers, Inc., is a candy company in Altoona, Pennsylvania. The factory is located in the downtown district.

C. T. Vivian

Cordy Tindell "C. T." Vivian (July 30, 1924 – July 17, 2020) was an American minister and author. He was a close friend and lieutenant of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. during the Civil Rights Movement. Vivian founded the C. T. Vivian Leadership Institute, Inc. Rev. Vivian was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. 

On August 8, 2013, President Barack Obama named Rev. Vivian as a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Vivian died on July 17, 2020 in Atlanta at the age of 95.


Garden City, Kansas

Garden City is a city in and the county seat of Finney County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 28,151.

Larry Hogan

Lawrence Joseph "Larry" Hogan, Jr. (born May 25, 1956) is an American politician. A Republican, he was the 62nd Governor of Maryland from 2015 to 2023. He was inaugurated on January 21, 2015.

On June 22, 2015, Hogan announced to the press that he has been diagnosed with an advanced and aggressive form of lymph node cancer.

Hogan won his re-election beating Democrat Benjamin Jealous.

Hogan is a very moderate Republican. Related to this, he enjoyed a very high approval rating and popularity rating from Marylanders, being one of the most popular US governors at the moment.

For the 2020 presidential election, Hogan wrote-in deceased and former President Ronald Reagan for president over incumbent Republican president Donald Trump.

Hogan was the son of former U.S. Representative Lawrence Hogan.


Daniel Schorr

Daniel Louis Schorr (August 31, 1916 – July 23, 2010) was an American journalist. He covered world news for more than 60 years. He was a Senior News Analyst for National Public Radio (NPR) before his death. Schorr won three Emmy Awards for his television journalism.


Division of Stirling

The Division of Stirling was an Australian electoral division in the inner northern and beachside suburbs of Perth, Western Australia. It includes Balcatta, Balga, Carine, Innaloo, Nollamara, North Beach, Scarborough, Stirling, Trigg and Yokine. It was set up in 1955, and named after Sir James Stirling, the first Governor of Western Australia. It was abolished in 2022.


New Riders of the Purple Sage

New Riders of the Purple Sage (NRPS) is an American country rock band formed in 1969. It grew out of jam sessions between Jerry Garcia and John "Marmaduke" Dawson. They soon became an opening act for the Grateful Dead. They branched out on their own by the early 1970s. The New Riders of the Purple Sage received a recording contract in 1971. They based their name on Foy Willing's earlier group, Riders of the Purple Sage adding "New" to their name.


Ricardo dos Santos

Ricardo "Ricardinho" dos Santos (23 May 1990 – 20 January 2015) was a Brazilian surfer. He reached the quarterfinals at the 2012 Billabong Pro event in Tahiti, defeating many people including Kelly Slater. After the event, he was presented with the Andy Irons award given to the most determined competitor. He also reached a career high Association of Surfing Professionals (ASP) QS ranking of 62 in 2011. He was sponsored by Australian surfing brand Billabong.

Ricardo dos Santos was born in Palhoça, Santa Catarina.

Ricardo dos Santos was shot dead by an off duty police officer on 20 January 2015 in São José, Santa Catarina, aged 24.

Ibn Saud

Abdulaziz ibn Saud (15 January 1876 – 9 November 1953), was the founder and first monarch of Saudi Arabia. He was usually known in the Arab world as Abdulaziz and known outside it as Ibn Saud.

He reconquered his family's ancestral home city of Riyadh in 1902. This started 30 years which made him the ruler of nearly all of central Arabia. He consolidated his control over the Najd in 1922, then conquered the Hijaz in 1925. He united his dominions into the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 1932. As King, he presided over the discovery of petroleum in Saudi Arabia in 1938 and the beginning of large-scale oil production after World War II. He fathered many children, including 45 sons. He died of a heart attack. All the later kings of Saudi Arabia have been his children.

James Walker (television writer)

James Walker (1973 – 20 January 2015) was an Australian journalist and television writer, editor, and researcher. He was best known for his work television series "McLeod's Daughters", "Home and Away", "Wonderland", "Sam Fox", and "Neighbours".

Walker was born in Perth, Western Australia. He graduated from the Australian Film, Television and Radio School in Sydney, New South Wales. He was married and had two sons.

Walker died after falling into a diabetic coma on 20 January 2015, aged 41. His funeral took place on 24 January.

Kavum

Kavum (Konda Kavum) is a sweet food often eaten in Sri Lanka. It may also be known as 'oil cakes'. They are made on the Sinhalese New Year's Day and on other special, traditional occasions. The main ingredients are rice flour and treacle, which are fried together.

Mullsjö Secondary School

The Mullsjö Secondary School () was a secondary school in Mullsjö, Sweden. It was opened for the 1997-1998 school year. The last years the school acted as a boarding school for young floorball players.

The school also won the Boys' Floorball World Championship in the years of 2007, 2009 and 2011.

On 26 October 2010 the Mullsjö Municipal Council voted to close down the school after the 2010-2011 school year.

Sanda Secondary School

The Sanda Secondary School () is a secondary school in Huskvarna in Sweden. It was opened for the 1970-1971 school year. Since 1979 the school has a sports profile. Originally, it only had the sports of basketball and cross-country skiing. More sports were later added, for example ice hockey (starting in the 1995-1996 season/school year). In the 2005-2006 season/school year, the school won the Swedish Boys' Floorball Championship for boys born 1987.

Per Brahe Secondary School

The Per Brahe Secondary School () is a secondary school in Jönköping in Sweden. It has traditions dated back to the 17th century. The current building was opened on 18 October 1913.

Since 2007, the school has UN certification.


Erik Dahlberg Secondary School

The Erik Dahlberg Secondary School () is a secondary school in Jönköping in Sweden. For many years the school focused in technical education. The school was opened in 1949 as the Jönköping Technical Secondary School (). The current name was adopted from the 1966-1967 school year. The current buildings were completed, step by step, between 1961 and 1994.


Winch

A winch is a mechanical device that is used to adjust how tight a piece of rope is. It can also be used to pull something. The rope can be made of natural fibre, but when heavy loads need to be handled, special ropes made of iron or plastic are frequently used.

Sertraline

Sertraline (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant. It was introduced by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is mainly prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients. It is also prescribed for obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the third-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37 million prescriptions.

Ruislip

Ruislip is a town on the northwest side of Greater London. It was in Middlesex until that county was abolished in 1965. It owes its present population to the Metropolitan Railway, built early in the 20th century. After that was built many Londoners moved out to places along the line.

Ruislip is now served by five stations on the London Underground network. These are:

Ruislip Lido is well known in the area. It has a small railway line that runs between two stations around the lake as well as a small beach that hosts some children's play equipment.

Jerry Garcia

Jerome John Garcia (August 1, 1942 – August 9, 1995) was an American guitarist and singer. He is best known as the founder and longtime lead guitarist (1965-1995) of the band the Grateful Dead. Garcia was seen as an icon of the Hippie counterculture of the 1960s. He was considered an almost mythic hero to his fans, called deadheads. Garcia was an innovator who was constantly experimenting with sound. He was one of the most recorded guitar players of all time.

Jerry Garcia was born August 1, 1942, in San Francisco, California. His father was Jose Ramon Garcia, a Spanish immigrant. His mother, Ruth Marie Clifford, named him after her favorite composer, Jerome Kern. His father was a jazz musician who bought a bar. As a child Garcia took piano lessons. When he was four he lost part of a finger chopping wood. A year later his father drowned. When his mother took over the bar, Garcia went to live with his grandparents. They introduced him to the Grand Ole Opry. This along with his brother's collection of Chuck Berry records gave him an interest in country music. In 1953 his mother remarried and Garcia moved back with her. Garcia attended several different schools in and around San Francisco. But he had little interest in school until 1957 when he attended the California School of Fine Arts (now the San Francisco Art Institute). At age 15 his mother gave him a guitar. In high school he played in several bands. At age 17 he quit school. He joined the Army in 1960 but was given a general discharge a few months later.

Garcia returned to San Francisco. He spent time teaching acoustic guitar and playing bluegrass music. He met up with poet Robert Hunter. Together they started playing in the city's coffeehouses. Hunter later became the lyricist for the Grateful Dead and Garcia's lifelong songwriting partner. Garcia started becoming famous around San Francisco between 1962 and 1964. He was known for his Folk and bluegrass performances. Garcia tried a new drug LSD for the first time in 1964. From that time on he became a lifelong advocate of psychedelic drugs. Musically he began experimenting outside the basic folk music formula and trying out new styles of music. This included jug band, Mother McCree's Uptown Jug Champions. A year later they changed their name to the "Warlocks". 
The Warlocks soon became the Grateful Dead. Garcia found the name in a dictionary. While Garcia was the frontman, the band always operated as a leaderless democracy. Garcia continued to experiment musically. He became known for his extended guitar improvisations. He also worked on numerous side projects and frequently sat in with other groups. Jefferson Airplane, in their 1967 album "Surrealistic Pillow", credited him as the group's "spiritual adviser". In 1969, he and John "Marmaduke" Dawson founded the country rock band New Riders of the Purple Sage. The New Riders, or NRPS, became the opening act for the Grateful Dead. At this time Garcia was experimenting with the pedal steel guitar for both NRPS and the Dead.

For the next few years Garcia and the Dead built their reputation based on their live shows. He was a guest performer with other groups. By 1970 the Dead began moving back to their bluegrass, folk and country roots. Garcia began doing solo recordings often accompanied by keyboardist Merl Saunders. In 1973 Garcia was a founding member of the bluegrass supergroup Old and in the Way. Garcia formed the rock band Legion of Mary (band) in 1974. In 1975 he founded the Jerry Garcia Band. It became his most important side project until his death.

By 1974 the Grateful Dead members began to go their own ways. Garcia continued making solo albums and appearances. The Dead began touring again in 1976. By the early 1980s Garcia was heavily addicted to drugs. In 1985 Garcia was arrested and sent to a drug treatment center. In 1986, while on tour with Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and Bob Dylan, Garcia collapsed. He went into a diabetic coma and was hospitalized. Garcia returned to touring with the Dead. In 1987 the Grateful Dead had their first Top-10 hit, "Touch of Grey".

On August 9, 1995, after years of health problems and drug abuse, Jerry Garcia died of heart failure. He was 53 years old. He had checked into a drug treatment center and his body was found during an early morning bed check.


Mullsjö Pentecostal Church

The Mullsjö Pentecostal Church () is a church building in Mullsjö, Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. The current building was opened in 1964. It was rebuilt to its current look in 1984.


Mullsjö AIS

Mullsjö AIS is a floorball club in Mullsjö in Sweden. It was established on 1 November 1989 by a group from the Mullsjö Mission Covenant Church. On 2 March 2008, the men's team qualified for the Swedish top division.


Mullsjö Folk High School

The Mullsjö Folk High School () is a folk high school in Mullsjö in Sweden. The school was established in 1949 in Jönköping. In 1950 it was moved over to Mullsjö. The school is ran by a foundation consisting of the Swedish Alliance Mission, its youth association and "Mullsjö folkhögskolas Kamratförbund".


Jönköpings IK

Jönköpings IK is a floorball club in Jönköping, Sweden. it was established on 9 March 1985 after a merger of the SMU Immanuel Church and the Munksjö School teams. The men's team has played several seasons in the Swedish top division. The men's team lost the Swedish national finals in the years of 1986, 1988 and 1990. Also, the men's team earned the national championship bronze medals in the years of 1987, 1989 and 1991.


Storvreta

Storvreta is a locality in Uppsala Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 6,347 people lived there.

Thanin Kraivichien

Thanin Kraivichien (born April 5, 1927 in Bangkok, , ; first name also spelled "Tanin", last name "Kraivixien" or "Kraivichian") is a Thai lawyer and politician. He was the 14th prime minister of Thailand between 1976 and 1977.

Bill Sykes (chaplain)

Revd William ("Bill") George David Sykes MA (1939 – 17 January 2015) was an English college fellow, chaplain, and book author. Sykes was born in Yorkshire, England.

Sykes wrote books and reflective thoughts on religious ideas, most notably "Visions of Faith: An Anthology of Reflections". His portrait was painted by the artist Daphne Todd.

Sykes died on 17 January 2015 at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford, England, aged 75.


Joan Hinde

Joan Hinde (21 October 1933 - 22 January 2015) was a British trumpeter and entertainer. She was known for performing with Ken Dodd. For her entire career, she remained a radio, theatre and cabaret artiste, and never broke into the medium of television. In 2002 she made her first television appearance in many years on LWT's "Another Audience with Ken Dodd". She retired in 2012.

KFUM Jönköping

KFUM Jönköping is an YMCA association in Jönköping in Sweden. It was established in 1855. By the late 1980s and early 1990s the volleyboll team experienced a successful period. At that time, club club played in Elitserien at both the men's and women's sides.


Prosper Ego

Prosper Joannes Gerardus Antonius Ego (17 July 1927 – 23 January 2015) was a Dutch activist and writer. He was the founder of the Oud-Strijders Legioen (“Former Warriors Legion”). Ego was born in The Hague.

Ego died in Breda, aged 87.


Nol Heijerman

Nol Heijerman (10 October 1940 – 23 January 2015) was a Dutch footballer.

Heijerman played for HVC and Xerxes, with whom he won promotion to the Eredivisie in 1966 and where he played alongside Ab Fafié, Willem van Hanegem, Rob Jacobs and Eddy Treijtel. He made his debut for Xerxes on 25 August 1963 in a 2-2 Tweede Divisie draw with FC Wageningen.

Johan Ferner

Johan Martin Ferner (né "Johan Martin Jacobsen"; 22 July 1927 – 24 January 2015) was a Norwegian sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the "6 metre class" with the boat "Elisabeth X" at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, together with Finn Ferner (his brother), Erik Heiberg, Tor Arneberg and Carl Mortensen. He was married to Princess Astrid, the sister of King Harald V of Norway. He was also the brother-in-law of Princess Ragnhild.

Kåre Willoch

Kåre Isaachsen Willoch (; 3 October 1928 – 6 December 2021) was a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party. He served as Minister of Trade and Shipping in 1963 and 1965–1970, and as Prime Minister of Norway from 1981 to 1986. Willoch was Chairman of the Conservative Party 1970–1974. He was a member of the Norwegian Parliament from 1957 to 1989. He was also Director of the Nansen Institute.

Willoch died in his home in Oslo, on 6 December 2021, at the age of 93.


Odvar Nordli

Nordli died in Oslo on 9 January 2018 of prostate cancer at the age of 90.


Candy (Mandy Moore song)

"Candy" is a 1999 pop ballad by musician Mandy Moore. The song has a melody and tune similar to Robyn's "Do You Know (What it Takes). The song was the lead single of Mandy's first record "So Real".

The song was released in August 1999.

So Real

So Real is a 1999 pop album from pop singer Mandy Moore. This album has the singles "Candy", "Walk Me Home" and the title track. This album went platinum within three months. It was her first album.

The song "Candy" talks about Moore's feelings and that she misses and craves her love "like candy". The album was released in December 1999.

Sävsjö HK

Sävsjö HK is a handball club in Sävsjö in Sweden. The club was established on 1 August 1978. The women's team won six Swedish national championship gold meals in a row between the 1993-1994 and the 1998-1999 seasons. During the 2002/2003 season the women's team was relegated from Elitserien.


I Wanna Be with You (album)

I Wanna Be with You is a 2000 studio album from musician Mandy Moore. The album contains several new songs and a few remixes from her first album. "I Wanna Be with You" sold over 805,000 copies in the United States.

The album's title song was Moore's only Top 40 song.

Amanda Leigh

Amanda Leigh is a 2009 pop record from musician Mandy Moore. The album has eleven songs and five bonus tracks. Songs on the album include "Merrimack River", "Fern Dell" and "Love to Love Me Back".

At "Metacritic" the album received a score of 70. That means "generally favorable reviews".

"Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a B+. They said that it was "much more fun" than "Wild Hope". They liked the songs "Merrimack River", "Pocket Philosopher", and "Song About Home." The album was at the top of the website's Must List the week it was released.

Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic wrote the album is a "clean, classy collection of AAA pop."

IGN wrote, "With "Amanda Leigh", Moore has succeeded in crafting a personal record that is entertaining, even compelling at times, but isn't weighed down by heavy themes, misguided irony, or complex arrangements."

Annedal Church

The Annedal Church () is a church building in Annedal in Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Gothenburg Annedal Parish of the Church of Sweden. Construction begun in 1908. The church was opened on Thanksgiving Day, 25 September 1910 by bishop Edvard Herman Rodhe.

Nyhem Week

The Nyhem Week () is a major annual conference by the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. It occurs during the Midsummer week every year. The conference is held in Nyhem in Mullsjö Municipality in Sweden. It was first held in 1917. Host is the Mullsjö-Nyhem Pentecostal Congregation.

Up to 2008 the conference were held inside a large tent. From 2009 the conference is instead held inside Nyhemshallen.

Lapland Week

The Lapland Week () is a major annual conference. It is held by the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. It occurs in June-July every year in Husbondliden in Lycksele Municipality in Sweden. It was first held in 1919 as a Bible studies week.

The event is one of the larger Christian festivals in northern Sweden.


KFUM Nässjö

KFUM Nässjö is an YMCA association in Nässjö in Sweden. The club has played in the men's Swedish top division. The club was established in 1939.


Brahe Basket

Brahe Basket is a basketball club in Huskvarna in Sweden. The club was established in 1976. The club has played in the Swedish top division on both the men's and the women's sides. The women's team lost the Swedish national championship playoff finals in the season of 2003-2004. They lost to the Solna Vikings.


Stockholm Eagles

The Stockholm Eagles is a basketball club in Stockholm in Sweden. The club was established in December 2007. In 2012 the club qualified for the Swedish men's top division. After the 2012-2013 season the club was no longer allowed to play in the Swedish top division. The reason was that the club had failed to live up to the economic demands.


Julio Canessa

Lieutenant General Julio Canessa Roberts (19 March 1925 – 24 January 2015) was a Chilean military and political figure. He was a member of the Government Junta that ruled Chile from 1973 to 1990, representing the Army. He was also a designated Senator between 1998 and 2006.

Barrie Ingham

Barrie Ingham (10 February 1932 – 23 January 2015) was an English actor. He was known for his role as Alydon in "Dr. Who and the Daleks", as St. Clair in "The Day of the Jackal" and as the voice of Basil Bartholomew in the Disney animated movie "The Great Mouse Detective". Ingham was born in Halifax, West Riding of Yorkshire England.

Ingham died, two weeks before his 83rd birthday, in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, aged 82.

Piet van der Sanden

Petrus Joannes Antonius "Piet" van der Sanden (11 November 1924 – 18 January 2015) was a Dutch politician and journalist. He was a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands between 1971 and 1972 and again from 1973 to 1989 for the Catholic People's Party and later the Christian Democratic Appeal. He also served a stint as member of the European Parliament between 1973 and 1974.

Piet van der Sanden was born in Gouda, South Holland. He died on 18 January 2015 in The Hague, South Holland, aged 90.


Venette

Venette is a village in Picardie, in the northern part of France. There are about 2,700 people living there. It is next to Compiègne. 

The village has a long history going back to the 14th century.

Compiègne

Compiègne is a commune in the Oise department, in Picardy. It is also one of its sub-prefectures. The history of the city goes back to Roman times. In those times, there was a river crossing of the Oise River. The river was called Isara at the time. On the outskirts of the modern city, roman houses (villae) were found. Today, about 40.000 people live in the city and about 97.000 in its urban area.

Sandslåns SK

Sandslåns SK is a now non-active sports club in Sandslån in Sweden. The club was established in 1927. It was known as the "bandy pride of Ångermanland". The club was also nicknamed "Timmerkusarna". In 1950 the bandy team reached the Norrland Championship final. They lost the final to Haparandapojkarna. The bandy team played its home games at Flottarvallen.

The bandy team played in the Swedish top division in the seasons of 1961 and 1975-1976. In the 1977-1978 season Anders Wedin when playing for the club became the Swedish second division topscorer.

The club has even played once in the World Cup.

The soccer team played in the Swedish third division in 1962.

In 1949 the junior soccer team won the district championship.

For a short time during the early 1950s the club even ran ice hockey activity.

Accipitriformes

Accipitriformes is an order which includes most of the diurnal birds of prey: hawks, eagles, vultures, and many others, about 225 species in all. 

For a long time, the majority view was to include them with the falcons in the Falconiformes. However, a recent DNA study has shown that falcons are not closely related to the Accipitriformes. Instead, they are related to parrots and passerines.

Since then putting the falcons next to the parrots in taxonomic order has been adopted by most ornithologists. The DNA-based proposal includes the New World vultures in the Accipitriformes, but the American Ornithologists' Union (AOU) classifies the New World vultures as a separate order, the Cathartiformes. 

Mullsjö Mission Covenant Church

The Mullsjö Mission Covenant Church () is a church building in Mullsjö in Sweden. It belongs to both the Uniting Church in Sweden and the Swedish Alliance Mission. The current building was opened in 1992. It replaced an older building which had been there since 1922.


Harrier

Harriers are species of diurnal hawks. They are birds of prey. Harriers usually hunt by flying low over open ground, feeding on small mammals, reptiles, or birds. The young of the species are sometimes referred to as ring-tail harriers.

Most harriers are placed in the genus "Circus". This scientific name comes from the circling movements the birds make when courting.

Two other harriers are in the genus "Polyboroides", the "harrier-hawks", which are allopatric (geographically separated) and restricted to the Afrotropic ecozone. The remaining single species forms the genus "Geranospiza".

"Ring-tail" is an informal term used by birders for the juveniles and females of several harrier species. If seen in the field the exact species usually cannot be known. Ring-tail harriers include the juveniles and females of Montagu's harrier ("Circus pygargus"); Northern or hen harrier ("Circus cyaneus"); and pallid harrier ("Circus macrourus").


Gustaf Adolf Church

The Gustaf Adolf Church () is a church building in the Gustav Adolf Park at Östermalm in Stockholm in Sweden. The church belongs to the Oscar Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 6 November 1892 by bishop Gottfrid Billing.

Hjorthagen Church

The Hjorthagen Church () is a church building at Dianavägen at Hjorthagen in Stockholm in Sweden. It belongs to the Engelbrekt Parish of the Church of Sweden. Construction began in 1907. The church was inaugurated on 25 March 1909 by archbishop Johan August Ekman.

Kungsholmen Church

The Kungsholmen Church () or the Ulrika Eleonora Church () is a church building at Bergsgatan on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm in Sweden. The church belongs to the Västermalm Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 2 December 1688 (Old Style).

Saint Nicholas Church, Örebro

The Saint Nicholas Church () or the Nicholas Church () is a church building in central Örebro, Sweden. It was originally called the Örebro Church () because it was the only Church of Sweden church building in town until the early 20th century. It belongs to the Örebro Nicholas Parish of the Church of Sweden. Construction began in the late 13th century. The church is supposed to have been completed by the mid 14th century.

Timrå Church

The Timrå Church () is a church building in Östrand in Timrå in Sweden. It belongs to the Timrå Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 16 October 1796.

Stöde Church

The Stöde Church () is a church building in Stöde in Sweden. It belongs to the Stöde Parish of the Church of Sweden. Construction begun in 1757. The church was completed in 1759.

Njurunda Church

The Njurunda Church () is a church building in Njurundabommen in Sweden. It belongs to the Njurunda Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on 13 April 1865 by bishop Anders Fredrik Beckman.

Malung Church

The Malung Church () is a church building in Malung, Sweden. Belonging to the Malung Parish of the Church of Sweden, it is supposed to have been built in 1365.

Web resource

A web resource is anything that can be obtained from the World Wide Web. Some examples are web pages, e-mail, information from databases, and web services. Web resources have changed since the Internet was first created. The early concept was of static (non moving) files or documents. The meaning of the term now has a wider use to include nearly everything that can be obtained via the Internet. Uniform resource locators or URLs, are used to identify a resource on the web.

Hälleforsnäs IF

Hälleforsnäs IF is a sports club in Hälleforsnäs in Sweden. The club was once known for its bandy successes. Now the club now plays floorball and soccer. The club was established in 1925. The club and played 21 seasons in the Swedish men's bandy top division. The men's bandy team reached the semifinals during the season of 1978-1979. They lost the semifinal game series to Brobergs IF.

On 30 August 2005 it was announced that the bandy activity would be disestablished.


Lesjöfors IF

Lesjöfors IF is a sports club in Lesjöfors in Sweden. The club was established in 1924 as a soccer and Nordic skiing club. It adopted the game of bandy by the late 1920s. The men's bandy team played 21 seasons in the Swedish bandy top division.


Radio Hall of Fame

The National Radio Hall of Fame is a museum dedicated to those who have helped he development of the radio medium throughout its history in the United States. The Hall of Fame is housed in a wing of the Museum of Broadcast Communications building in Chicago, Illinois.

Honor killing

An honor killing is a member of a family being killed by other members, because of the killers feeling that the victim has brought shame on the family. Reasons a woman could be targeted include refusing to enter an arranged marriage, having sex outside marriage, and being a victim of rape. Honor killings are associated with the Middle East and South Asia. They also happen in countries that have immigrants from those places. Murder is not the only honor crime. Acid attacks and beating are also done for the same reasons as honor killings. Victims of honor killings are mostly young women.

Order of the White Eagle (Poland)

The Order of the White Eagle () is Poland's highest decoration awarded to both civilians and the military for their service. It was officially created on 1 November 1705 by Augustus II the Strong. It was given to eight of his closest, diplomatic and political supporters.

It is awarded to the most respected Poles and the highest-ranking representatives of foreign countries. The Order of the White Eagle is attached to a blue ribbon hung over the left shoulder to the right side. The star of the Order, once sown, is worn on the left side of the chest. 

Obstetric fistula

An obstetric fistula is an unwanted hole in a woman's body that was caused by having a baby. It can happen when having the baby is difficult, especially if the mother does not receive good medical care. The hole can go from the vagina to the bladder or from the vagina to the bowel. A surgeon can fix the hole with surgery.

Jensen Ackles

Jensen Ross Ackles (born March 1, 1978) is an American television actor. He is best known for his role as Dean Winchester in the television series "Supernatural" (2005–present). He has also appeared in other television shows such as "Days of Our Lives", "Dark Angel" and "Smallville".
Ackles was born in Dallas, Texas. He is the son of Alan Ackles, also an actor. He has been married to Danneel Harris since 2010. The couple have three children.

Ice Ice Baby

"Ice Ice Baby" is a hip hop single performed by Vanilla Ice. It samples the 1981 song "Under Pressure" by Queen and David Bowie. It appeared on his 1989 studio album "Hooked". It later appeared on his other album "To the Extreme".

"Ice Ice Baby" was first released as the B-side to a cover version of "Play That Funky Music". The original version of "Play That Funky Music" was a well-liked and popular song with the listening audiences. The cover version was not liked much, so the single was not selling well. But a disc jockey decided to play "Ice Ice Baby" instead of the single's A-side. Once the public heard this song, it became more successful than "Play That Funky Music".

The song hit #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100.

Two Wives

Two Wives is a Philippine television drama series. It is broadcast by ABS-CBN.


Pro tempore

Pro tempore (abbreviated pro tem or p.t.) is a Latin phrase which means "for the time being" in English. This phrase is often used to describe a person who temporarily acts in place of an elected or appointed official. Should the official, a mayor for example, be absent or unavailable for any reason, the pro tempore becomes the acting official (acting mayor in this case). The president pro tempore of the United States Senate has been elected by the Senate since it began 1789. In academic use a professor pro tempore is usually a temporary position. In legal use a judge pro tempore is often an attorney who has been temporarily appointed by a judge. It is also found as a phrase in many kinds of documents to simply mean "for the time being."

Restriction enzyme

A restriction enzyme is an enzyme that cuts DNA at particular places. It works at or near specific recognition nucleotide sequences known as "restriction sites". To cut DNA, all restriction enzymes make two incisions, once through each strand of the DNA double helix.

These enzymes are found in bacteria and archaea and defend them against invading viruses, which are bacteriophages.

Inside a prokaryote, the restriction enzymes selectively cut up "foreign" DNA in a process called "restriction". The host DNA is protected by another enzyme which protects the host DNA and blocks cleavage. Together, these two processes are the restriction modification system. It is the earliest and simplest immune system. They are also a kind of selfish, mobile genetic element.

Over 3000 restriction enzymes have been studied in detail, and more than 600 of these are available commercially. These enzymes are routinely used for DNA modification in laboratories, and are a vital tool in molecular cloning.

Restriction enzymes probably evolved from a common ancestor and became widespread by horizontal gene transfer. In addition, there is growing evidence that restriction endonucleases evolved as a selfish genetic element.


Population control in Singapore

Population control in Singapore had two distinct phases. First, to slow and reverse the boom in births that started after World War II. Second, from the 1980s, to encourage parents to have more children because numbers had fallen below replacement levels.

In the 1960s and 1970s, The Family Planning and Population Board (FPPB) was set up. At first it favoured small families, and later ran the Stop at Two programme. This pushed for small two-children families and promoted sterilisation.

As birthrates fell, so the government introduced a policy that encouraged having three or more children.


Selfish DNA

Selfish DNA is a term for sequences of DNA that have two properties: 

In his 1976 book, "The Selfish Gene", Richard Dawkins suggested the idea of selfish DNA when the noncoding DNA in eukaryotic genomes was discovered. In 1980, two articles in the journal "Nature" expanded and discussed the concept. According to one of these articles:

Normal genetically functional DNA might be seen as "replicating entities" that effect their replication by manipulating the cell that they control. In contrast, units of selfish DNA may exploit existing mechanisms in the cell, and multiply without affecting the fitness of the organism in other respects.

There is no sharp boundary between the concepts of selfish DNA and genetically functional DNA. Often it also is difficult to see if a unit of noncoding DNA is functionally important or not; or if important, in what way. What is more, it is not always easy to distinguish between some instances of selfish DNA and some types of viruses.

The idea that some genetic elements might not be useful to the organism is not a new one. In 1928, a Russian geneticist reported an X chromosome in "Drosophila obscura". He claimed that the resulting female-biased sex ratio might drive a population extinct.

In 1941 it was first suggested that there might be a conflict between normal inherited nuclear genes from both parents and mitochondrial genes from one parent (the female). It could lead to cytoplasmic male sterility in plants.

Around the same time, several other examples of selfish genetic elements were reported. For example, a maize geneticist described how chromosomal knobs led to female meiotic drive in maize. Meiotic drive is when one copy of a gene is passed on to offspring more than the expected 50% of the time.

The Swedish botanist and cytogeneticist Gunnar Östergren in 1945 noted how chromosomes may spread in a population because of their own ”parasitic” nature. Discussing B chromosomes in plants he wrote: ”In many cases these chromosomes have no useful function at all to the species carrying them, but that they often lead an exclusively parasitic existence … [B chromosomes] need not be useful for the plants. They need only be useful to themselves.” - Gunnar Östergren.

Then, in the early 1950s, Barbara McClintock published a series of papers describing the existence of "transposable elements". These are among the most successful selfish genetic elements. The discovery of transposable elements led to her being awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine or Physiology in 1983.

Jack Stewart (ice hockey)

John Sherratt "Black Jack" Stewart (May 6, 1917 – May 25, 1983) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played for the Detroit Red Wings and the Chicago Blackhawks. He is in the Hockey Hall of Fame.

Mullsjö, Nordmaling Municipality

Mullsjö is a minor locality in Nordmaling Municipality, Sweden. In 2010, 76 people lived there.

Bruksvallsloppet

Bruksvallsloppet is an international cross-country skiing event, held in Bruksvallarna, Sweden over a Friday-Sunday in November every year. The event acts as FIS World Cup preselection. The competitions are international. During some seasons the event is the final before the World Cup opens. During other seasons, the event instead occurs between World Cupe events. This depends on if the FIS World Cup starts by late October, or if it begins by mid-late November.

In Sweden, the event is generally considered the first major competition of the season.


Olsfors

Olsfors is a locality in Bollebygd Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 623 people lived there.

Orrefors

Orrefors is a locality in Nybro Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 719 people lived there 2010. The Orrefors glassworks are located there.

Blomstermåla

Blomstermåla is a locality in Mönsterås Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,527 people lived there.

Kode

Kode is a locality in Kungälv Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,380 people lived there.

100 Things to Do Before High School

100 Things to Do Before High School is an American sitcom airs on Nickelodeon. The series premiered November 11, 2014. It is created by Scott Fellows who also created "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide" and "Big Time Rush". It stars Isabela Moner, Jaheem Toombs and Owen Joyner.



Marco Minghetti

Marco Minghetti (November 18, 1818 - December 10, 1886) was an Italian economist and statesman.

Minghetti was born at Bologna into a family of rich landowners. In March 1848 Pope Pius IX offered to him the post of minister in the first constitutional government of the Papal States. However, on 29 April 1848, after the speech with which Pius IX announced the withdrawal of the papal army from the front of the first italian war of independence, Minghetti resigned.

Member of the "Historical Right", he was Minister of the Interior in the governments led by Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour and Bettino Ricasoli. He was also Minister of the Treasury in the government led by Luigi Carlo Farini. He was twice Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy: from 24 March 1863 to 28 September 1864 and from 10 July 1873 to 25 March 1876. 

In 1864 Minghetti signed the "Convention of September" with France: with this document, Italy renounced in Rome and moved the capital from Turin to Florence. There were many protests against this agreement and consequently Minghetti was forced to resign. During his second experience as President, Minghetti raised taxes to achieve a balanced budget. He was able to accomplish this, but there were protests against his tax policy and was forced to resign for the second time. 

Minghetti was the last president of the "Historic Right": after him began the period of the "Historical Left", that remained in power until Francesco Crispi.

He died in Rome.

Roots Hall

Roots Hall is where Southend United play their home matches. It is near Southend Hospital and Southend High School for Boys (SHSB). It has one of the largest attendance in League 1.

Alexis Tsipras

Alexis Tsipras (, ; born 28 July 1974) is a Greek politician. He served as the Leader of the Opposition from 2019 to 2023. He has been a member of Syriza since 2013. He was Prime Minister of Greece from 2015 to 2019.

Tsipras is a member of the Syriza party, and is a democratic socialist. A major issue of his term has been dealing with the Greek debt crisis.

Salman of Saudi Arabia

Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud born 31 December 1935) is the King of Saudi Arabia, Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques since 2015. He had been Minister of Defence since 2011, and was Governor of Riyadh Province from 1963 to 2011. 

Salman became king on 23 January 2015 following the death of his half brother, King Abdullah. As a Sudairi Seven, his full brothers include king Fahd, and the crown princes Sultan and Nayef.

Chuck Locke

Charles Edward Locke (May 5, 1932 - January 9, 2015) was an American professional baseball player. Locke was a right-handed pitcher. He only played for the Baltimore Orioles in 1955. He was born in Malden, Missouri.

Locke died in Poplar Bluff, Missouri, aged 82.


Andrew Benson

Andrew Alm Benson (September 24, 1917 – January 16, 2015) was an American biologist and a professor of biology at the University of California, San Diego until his retirement in 1989. He was known for his work in understanding the carbon cycle in plants.

Dacia Valent

Dacia Soraya Valent (12 February 1963 - 22 January 2015) was a Somali-born Italian politician. She was a Member of the European Parliament from 1989 through 1994. She was born in Mogadishu, Somalia.

Valent died in Rome, Italy from a heart attack, aged 51.


Nick Koback

Nicholas Nicholie "Nick" Koback (July 19, 1935 – January 23, 2015) was a Polish-American professional baseball player. His career spanned eight seasons, three of which were spent with the Major League Baseball (MLB) Pittsburgh Pirates from 1953 through 1955.

Koback died January 23, 2015 in Hartford, Connecticut, aged 79.

Link Byfield

Eric Linkord "Link" Byfield (December 5, 1951 – January 24, 2015) was a Canadian news columnist, author and politician. Byfield was editor and publisher for the "Alberta Report" magazine for eighteen years. Byfield helped found the Wildrose Party of Alberta in 2007. Byfield founded the Citizens Centre for Freedom and Democracy.

On January 24, 2015, Byfield died of liver and esophageal cancer, aged 63, in the Sturgeon Community Hospital in St. Albert, Alberta.

Demis Roussos

Artemios "Demis" Ventouris Roussos (, 15 June 1946 – 25 January 2015) was an Egyptian-born Greek singer and performer. He had international hit records as a solo performer in the 1970s after having been a member of Aphrodite's Child.

He sold over 60 million albums worldwide and became "an unlikely kaftan-wearing sex symbol".

Roussos died in Athens, Greece, aged 68.


Bill Monbouquette

William Charles Monbouquette (August 11, 1936 – January 25, 2015) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox (1958–1965), Detroit Tigers (1966–1967), New York Yankees (1967–1968), and the San Francisco Giants (1968). He was born in Medford, Massachusetts.

Monbouquette died on January 25, 2015 in Gloucester, Massachusetts, aged 78.

Medford, Massachusetts

Medford is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, in the United States, on the Mystic River. It is five miles northwest of downtown Boston. In the 2020 U.S. Census, Medford's population was 59,659. It is the home of Tufts University.

Malden, Missouri

Malden is a city in the northeast corner of Dunklin County, Missouri, United States. It is located near the intersection of Missouri Route 25 and U.S. Route 62. The population was 3,706 at the 2020 census.

Lee Spick

Lee Spick (April 25, 1980 - January 26, 2015) was an English professional snooker player. A former English under-15 champion, he reached the last 48 of ranking events on five occasions, including twice in the World Championship. Spick was born in Mansfield, England.

Spick on 26 January 2015 from liver disease, aged 34.

R. K. Laxman

Rasipuram Krishnaswamy Laxman (24 October 1921 – 26 January 2015) was an Indian cartoonist, writer, illustrator, and humorist. He was best known for his creation "The Common Man". It was for his daily cartoon strip, "You Said It" in "The Times of India". It started in 1951.

Laxman died from multiple organ failure caused by a urinary tract infection in Pune, Maharashtra, India, aged 93.


Tom Uren

Thomas "Tom" Uren (28 May 1921 – 26 January 2015) was an Australian politician and boxer. He was Deputy Leader of the Australian Labor Party. He helped create the heritage and conservation movement in Australia. Uren was a member of the House of Representatives for Reid serving from 1955 through 1990.

Paul Crouch

Paul Franklin Crouch (March 30, 1934 – November 30, 2013) was an American Christian broadcaster. Crouch, along with his wife Jan, and televangelist Jim Bakker and Tammy Faye Bakker, founded the Trinity Broadcasting Network in 1973 (TBN) along with his wife Jan Crouch. Crouch was born in St. Joseph, Missouri.

Crouch died in Orange, California from heart disease, aged 79.


Orange, California

Orange is a city in Orange County, California. It is 3 miles north from Santa Ana, California. The population was 139,911 as of 2020.

UY Scuti

UY Scuti is a red supergiant (RSG) or red hypergiant star. It is a pulsating variable star in the constellation Scutum and one of the largest known stars in the Milky Way Galaxy. It is also one of the most luminous and well-known of its kind. 
The star has an estimated average median radius of 1,708 times that of the Sun, or a diameter of 2.4 trillion m (1.5 billion mi; 15.9 AU); thus a volume 5 billion times that of the Sun. 

It is about 2.9 kiloparsecs (9,500 light years) from Earth, so it is one of the nearest known hypergiants. If placed at the center of the Solar system, its photosphere would engulf the orbit of Jupiter. The radius of this star is 1,189,348,720 km, It is not larger than the orbit of Saturn.

Karesuando Church

The Karesuando Church () is a wooden church building in Karesuando in Sweden. It belongs to the Karesuando Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 3 December 1905 by Bishop Olof Bergqvist of the Diocese of Luleå. It then replaced an older church. The church is the northernmost church in Sweden.

Jakobsbergs GoIF

Jakobsbergs GoIF is a sports club in Jakobsberg in Sweden. It is active within handball. The men's soccer merged with FC Järfälla in 1993. In 2003, the women's soccer also merged with FC Järfälla.

The club won the Swedish women's soccer national chapionship in 1977. The club also finished up second in 1975. They lost the 1975 final game against Öxabäcks IF on penalty kicks.


Alfonso La Marmora

Alfonso La Marmora (18 November 1804 – 5 January 1878), or Alfonso Ferrero La Marmora, Alfonso Lamarmora and Alfonso Ferrero, Cavaliere La Marmora, was an Italian general and statesman.

He was born at Turin in a rich and noble family: his father was a Marquis. In 1822 he graduated in the Military Academy of Turin; then began a military career, which led him to become general in 1856. In the Kingdom of Sardinia he was twice Minister of War in the governments led by Massimo D'Azeglio and Camillo Cavour.

In 1854 La Marmora made a law that improved the quality of the troops, created new academies for officers, retouched the recruitment system, bringing to 60,000 Army soldiers (of which only a quarter in active service, while the rest evaded the lever paying a substitute), doubled the units of riflemen and strengthened the light cavalry at the expense of heavy. Even the artillery, health and administrative apparatus were renovated, as well as logistics services.

In 1855 he resigned from the post of Minister of War because he went to fight in the Crimean War. He was Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sardinia from 19 July 1859 to 21 January 1860. In the years immediately after the Italian unification, he was governor of Milan and Prefect of Naples.

Member of the "Historical Right", La Marmora was Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of the Kingdom of Italy from 18 September 1864 to 20 July 1866. He resigned from office to go fight the third Italian independence war: on this occasion, however, he committed several strategic errors, which cost a heavy defeat for Italy.

In 1870 he retired from political life. He died in Florence and was buried in Biella in the church of San Sebastiano. His brother, Alessandro La Marmora, founded the corps of Bersaglieri.

Luminous blue variable

Luminous blue variables (LBVs) are massive evolved stars. They show unpredictable and sometimes dramatic variations in their spectra and their brightness. 

These unstable supergiants or hypergiants are also known as S Doradus variables. S Doradus is one of the brightest stars of the Large Magellanic Cloud. 

LBVs are extraordinarily rare with just 20 listed in the General Catalogue of Variable Stars as SDor, and some of these are no longer considered to be LBVs.

In their "quiescent" state they are typically B-type stars, occasionally slightly hotter, with unusual emission lines. They are found in a region of the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram known as the "S Doradus instability strip". They are the least luminous have a temperature around 10,000 K and a luminosity about 250,000 times the Sun. The most luminous have a temperature around 25,000 K and a luminosity over a million times the Sun. These are some of the most luminous of all stars.

Their relationship to supernovae is unclear.

The LBV stars P Cygni and Eta Carinae have been known as unusual variables since the 17th century, but their true nature was not fully understood until much more recently. The term "S Doradus variable" was used to describe them as a group in 1974. AE Andromedae is one of the most luminous blue variables in the Andromeda galaxy, M31.

Smygehamn

Smygehamn is a locality in Trelleborg Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,278 inhabitants people lived there. It is the southernmost locality in Sweden.

Östra Torp Church

The Östra Torp Church () is a church building in Smygehamn in Sweden. I belongs to the Källtorp Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 14 June 1911. It replaced an older church which had been destroyed by a fire in 1909. The church is the southernmost in Sweden.

Marstrand Regatta

The Marstrand Regatta () is a sailing event. It is held outside Marstrand in Sweden in July. It is hosted by the Gothenburg Royal Sailing Society.

Guelph

Guelph is a city in southern Ontario. It is called the Royal City. It has often been rated as one of Canada's best places to live. This is because it has a low unemployment rate and a low crime rate. In the 2011 census, Guelph had a population of 121,688. Guelph has warm, humid summers that can reach up to and cold winters coming down to . It is classified Dfb in the Köppen climate classification system.

CJOY 1460

CFRU 93.3

Marstrand Church

The Marstrand Church () is a church building in Marstrand in Sweden. It belongs to the Marstrand Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church is supposed to have been built between the late 13th and the early 14th century. It was rebuilt in 1806. In 1912, the church was renovated.

Pistol Star

The Pistol Star is a blue hypergiant. It is one of the most luminous stars in the Milky Way galaxy.

It is one of many massive young stars in the Quintuplet cluster in the central region of our galaxy. It is about 25,000 light years from Earth in the direction of Sagittarius. It would be visible to the naked eye as a fourth magnitude star but interstellar gases have blocked it from view.

The Pistol Star was discovered by the Hubble Space Telescope in the early 1990s.
The star may have ejected almost 10 solar masses of material in giant outbursts perhaps 4,000 to 6,000 years ago. Its stellar wind is over 10 billion times stronger than the Sun's. The star's exact age and future are not known, but it is expected to end in a brilliant supernova or hypernova in 1 to 3 million years. Its mass is equally uncertain, probably around 200 times the sun when first formed. Now it is much less because it has lost so much mass.

Early reports suggested that it might be the most luminous star known, being almost 100 million times as luminous as the Sun.
Later studies, however, have reduced its estimated luminosity. It is now regarded as a candidate luminous blue variable about one-third as luminous as the binary star system Eta Carinae. Even so, it radiates about as much energy in 20 seconds as does the Sun in a year.

A close point source has been discovered hidden in the surrounding nebulosity, but it is not known whether it is a star or even whether it is physically associated.


Löddeköpinge

Löddeköpinge is the second-largest locality in Kävlinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 6,290 people lived there.

Barsebäckshamn

Barsebäckshamn is a locality in Kävlinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 438 people lived there.

Bjärred

Bjärred is a coastal locality in Lomma Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden, located circa 20 kilometers north of Malmö and 10 kilometers west of Lund. In 2010, 9,542 people lived there.

Clares

Clares is a small village in the province of Guadalajara. It belongs to the region of de Molina-Alto Tajo in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain.

In 1989 a Special Protection Area (SPA) category A, was created near Clares. It covers 20,000 hectares. There are 12 protected species including: Montagu's harrier (Circus pygargus), little bustard (Tetrax tetrax), Dupont's lark (Chersophilus duponti), Common treecreeper (Agateador norteño), Thekla lark (Galerida theklae), and Dartford Warbler (Sylvia undata). Other species found in the area are the foxes, badgers, wild cats, vultures and raptors such as buzzards, kestrel and a hawk. Clares also has a private game reserve managed by the Association of Neighbors and Friends, where people can go to hunt boar, deer, hare, rabbit, partridge and quail.

Tin Cup

Tin Cup is a 1996 romantic comedy movie. This movie is about a golf pro. Kevin Costner plays Roy. Rene Russo plays Molly. Cheech Marin plays Romeo. This movie got mixed to positive reviews from the critics. It took in over $75.8 million USD. 

Barsebäck

Barsebäck is a locality in Kävlinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. It is located circa 4 kilometers east of Barsebäckshamn. In 2010, 524 people lived there. The places also known for the former Barsebäck Nuclear Power Plant,

Furulund

Furulund is a locality in Kävlinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,180 people lived there.

Getinge

Getinge is a locality in Halmstad Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,843 people lived there.

Laxvik

Laxvik is a locality in Halmstad Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 475 people lived there.

Tyringe

Tyringe is a locality in Hässleholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,658 people lived there.

Dalsjöfors

Dalsjöfors is a locality in Borås Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,362 people lived there.

Sandared

Sandared is a locality in Borås Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,160 people lived there.

Alsterbro

Alsterbro is a locality in Nybro Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 422 people lived there.

Veberöd

Veberöd is a locality in Lund Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,500 people lived there. The places is located near the lake of Vombsjön.

Sidensjö

Sidensjö is a locality in Örnsköldsvik Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 399 people lived there.

Bredbyn

Bredbyn is a locality in Örnsköldsvik Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,186 people lived there.

Husum

Husum is a locality in Örnsköldsvik Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,647 people lived there.

Dalby

Dalby is a locality in Lund Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,708 people lived there. The place is located about 10 kilometers east-south-east of Lund and about 20 kilometers east-north-east of Malmö.

Södra Sandby

Södra Sandby is the second largest locality in Lund Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 6,136 people lived there. It is located circa 10 kilometers east of Lund and 30 kilometers northeast of Malmö.

Genarp

Genarp is a locality in Lund Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,892 people lived there.

Mantorp

Mantorp is a locality in Mjölby Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,671 people lived there 2010.

Skänninge

Skänninge is a locality in Mjölby Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,140 people lived there 2010. It is located circa 10 kilometers north of Mjölby.

Sya

Sya is a locality in Mjölby Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 306 people lived there.

Bua

Bua is a locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,746 people lived there.

Veddige

Veddige is a locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,045 people lived there 2010. It is located near the river Viskan which is located 20 kilometers from Varberg.

Kareby

Kareby is a locality in Kungälv Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 292 people lived there.

Västra Karaby

Västra Karaby is a locality in Kävlinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 229 people lived there.

Västra Torup

Västra Torup is a minor locality in Hässleholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 198 people lived there In 2005, 210 people lived there, Earlier, Västra Torup was classified as a locality by Statistics Sweden. The Ingelbo Moose Park is located in Hissmossa north of Västra Torup 

Ekerö sommarstad

Ekerö sommarstad is a locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 544 people lived there.

Drottningholm

Drottningholm is a locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 398 people lived there. It is on the island of Lovön. The Swedish Royal Family have lived at the Drottningholm Palace since 1981.

Berga, Högsby Municipality

Berga is a locality in Högsby Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 724 people lived there.

Ruda

Ruda is a locality in Högsby Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, with 613 people lived there.

Evertsberg

Evertsberg is a locality in Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 267 people lived there.

Särna

Särna is a locality in Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 719 people lived there.

Idre

Idre is a locality and ski resort in Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 794 people lived there. It was also a historical parish and former municipality.

Cinderella (2015 movie)

Cinderella is a 2015 romantic-fantasy movie. It stars Lily James as Cinderella. Cate Blanchett plays Lady Tremaine. Helena Bonham Carter plays the Fairy Godmother.

The movie was released on March 13, 2015.

Hollywood Canteen

Hollywood Canteen is a 1944 musical romantic comedy movie. The movie is about two soldiers spending three nights at a Hollywood Canteen. Joan Leslie, The Andrews Sisters and Ida Lupino are in the cast.


Miguel Ángel Cascallana

Miguel Ángel Cascallana Guerra (26 February 1948 – 26 January 2015) was a Spanish handball player. He competed for his country in team handball at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. He finished 15th in the Olympic tournament. He played in all five matches and scored three goals.

Cascallana was born in Herrera de Pisuerga, Castile and León. He died on 26 January 2015 in Alicante, at the age of 66.


Modular programming

Modular programming is a way of organizing a computer program into smaller parts called modules. Each module contains the necessary code to run one specific part of the final computer program. Modular programs are simpler to understand. They are also more simple to maintain. Different programmers can each make different modules. Usually, each module is designed to do only one thing.

Noctiluca scintillans

Noctiluca scintillans, is the sea sparkle. It is a free-living marine-dwelling species of dinoflagellate. 

It shows bioluminescence when disturbed: this produces a "milky seas effect". The bioluminescence is produced in the cytoplasm of this single-celled protist. It is done by a luciferin-luciferase reaction in thousands of spherical organelles, called scintillons. Nonluminescent populations in the genus "Noctiluca" lack these scintillons.

"Noctiluca" is a heterotroph (non-photosynthetic) that engulfs by phagocytosis. They eat plankton, diatoms, other dinoflagellates, fish eggs and bacteria. The diatom "Thalassiosira" is known as a favourite food source of "Noctiluca".

"N. scintillans" also takes in tiny phytoplankton which live as endosymbionts. They do photosynthesis for their larger host. Diatoms are often found in the vacuoles (internal membrane-bound storage compartments) of "Noctiluca". The green non-feeding symbionts can grow photoautotrophically for generations. 

Åsen

Åsen is a locality in Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 246 people lived there.

Rot

Rot is a locality in Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 695 people lived there.

Grängesberg

Grängesberg is a locality in Ludvika Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,481 people lived there 2010. From the 16th century and to 1989, there iron-ore extraction was carried out at the Grängesberg orefield.

Hemse

Hemse is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,715 people lived there.

Norra Visby

Norra Visby is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 453 people lived there.

Stånga

Stånga is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 317 people lived there.

Vittjärv

Vittjärv is a locality in Boden Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 445 people lived there.

Burgsvik

Burgsvik <nowiki>['buschvick]</nowiki> is a locality in the southern parts of Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 338 people lived there. The Burgsvik beds are located in the area.

Vibble

Vibble is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,286 people lived there.

Sunnansjö

Sunnansjö is a locality in Ludvika Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 560 people lived there.

Löttorp

Löttorp is a locality in Borgholm Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden, In 2010, 438 people lived there.

Köpingsvik

Köpingsvik is a locality in Borgholm Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 599 people lived there. It is located circa 4 kilometers east of Borgholm on the island Öland.

Björkviken

Björkviken is a locality in Borgholm Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 208 people lived there.

Rälla

Rälla is a locality in Borgholm Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 407 people lived there.

Gårdby

Gårdby is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 257 people lived there.

Degerhamn

Degerhamn is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 331 people lived there.

Skogsby

Skogsby is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 569 people lived there.

Vickleby

Vickleby is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 320 people lived there.

Algutsrum

Algutsrum is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 532 people lived there.

Arontorp

Arontorp is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 233 people lived there.

Kastlösa

Kastlösa is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 201 people lived there.

Lärbro

Lärbro is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 484 people lived there. It is located in the north approximately away from Slite. The place had train connection with Visby between 1921 and 1960. One sight of the place is the medieval Lärbro Church..

Havdhem

Havdhem is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 298 people lived there. The medieval Havdhem Church is located in Havdhem.

Västerhejde

Västerhejde is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 313 people lived there.

Väskinde

Väskinde is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 337 people lived there.

Tingstäde

Tingstäde is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 265 people lived there.

Lövsta

Lövsta or Roma kyrkby is a locality in Gotland Municipality, in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 261 people lived there.

Övre Svartlå

Övre Svartlå is a locality in Boden Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 201 people lived there.

Unbyn

Unbyn is a locality in Boden Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 468 people lived there.

Sävast

Sävast is a village located in Boden Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden. It had a population of 3,148 in 2010.

Harads

Harads is a locality in Boden Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. It is located approximately 50 kilometres south of the Arctic Circle. In 2010, 501 people lived there.

Kappelshamn

Kappelshamn is a smaller locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 115 people lived there.

Maluridae

Maluridae is a family of small, insectivorous passerine birds endemic to Australia and New Guinea. 

Commonly known as 'wrens', they are unrelated to the true wrens of the Northern Hemisphere. The family includes 15 species of fairywren, 3 emu-wrens, and 11 grasswrens. There are six genera.

The Maluridae are one of the many bird families to have evolved from a great adaptive radiation of what were crows to new ecological opportunities in Australasia. Their closest relatives are the Meliphagidae (honeyeaters), and the Pardalotidae. 

Their obvious similarity to the wrens of Europe and America is not genetic, but simply the consequence of convergent evolution between more-or-less unrelated species that share the same ecological niche.

Their behaviour is similar to many other passerine families. The males defend territory and attract females by song and bright coloured plumage. Females are a dowdy brownish colour, better for camouflage. The males' colour is much less bright out of season. They are insectivorous, and nest in dense undergrowth. The parallels with Eurasian wrens are quite striking.

Kumla kyrkby

Kumla kyrkby is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 206 people lived there.

Fjärås kyrkby

Fjärås kyrkby is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,321 people lived there. The place is located at the shorelines of the lake of Lygnern.

Vansö kyrkby

Vansö kyrkby is a locality in Strängnäs Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 202 people lived there.

Vinbergs kyrkby

Vinbergs kyrkby is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 208 people lived there.

Håbo-Tibble kyrkby

Håbo-Tibble kyrkby is a locality in Upplands-Bro Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 256 people lived there.

Skedvi kyrkby

Skedvi kyrkby is a locality in Säter Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 208 people lived there.

Vinberg

Vinberg is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 592 people lived there.

Möklinta

Möklinta is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 358 people lived there.

Ransta

Ransta is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 881 people lived there.

Salbohed

Salbohed is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 259 people lived there.

Sätra brunn

Sätra brunn is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 335 people lived there.

Västerfärnebo

Västerfärnebo is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 477 people lived there.

Bonäs

Bonäs is a locality in Mora Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden with 457 inhabitants in 2010.

Färnäs

Färnäs is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 988 people lived there.

Gesunda

Gesunda is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 229 people lived there.

Nusnäs

Nusnäs is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 729 people lived there.

Östnor

Östnor is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 534 people lived there.

Selja

Selja is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 548 people lived there.

Sollerön

Sollerön is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 901 people lived there. documentary photographer Karl Lärka (1892–1981) was born there.

Våmhus

Våmhus is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 857 people lived there. It is by the northwestern shorlines of the Orsa Lake.

Vattnäs

Vattnäs is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 294 people lived there.

Venjan

Venjan is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 295 people lived there.

Vinäs

Vinäs is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 329 people lived there.

Solsidan

Solsidan is a locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 349 people lived there.

Stenhamra

Stenhamra is a locality on the island of Färingsö in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,336 people lived there.

Kungsberga

Kungsberga is a locality on the Lake Mälaren island of Färingsö in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 406 people lived there.

Glommen

Glommen is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 761 people lived there.

Ätran (locality)

Ätran is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 417 people lived there.

Skrea

Skrea is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,064 people lived there 2010. The place was first mentioned in writing in 1447. The nature reserve of Grimsholmen is located near the village.

Skogstorp, Falkenberg Municipality

Skogstorp is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,124 people lived there.

Årstad

Årstad is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 284 people lived there.

Skogstorp

Skogstorp may refer to:


Skogstorp, Eskilstuna Municipality

Skogstorp is a locality in Eskilstuna Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,860 people lived there.

Jonstorp

Jonstorp is a locality in Höganäs Municipality in the northwestern parts of Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,880 people lived there.

Söderskogen

Söderskogen is a locality in Håbo Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 378 people lived there.

Råby

Råby is a locality in Håbo Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 885 people lived there.

Krägga

Krägga is a locality in Håbo Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 331 people lived there.

Häggeby och Vreta

Häggeby och Vreta is a locality in Håbo Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 224 people lived there.

Ingelstad

Ingelstad is a locality in Växjö Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,674 people lived there.

Åby

Åby may refer to:


Åby, Växjö Municipality

Åby is a locality in Växjö Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 456 people lived there.

Åryd

Åryd may refer to:

Åryd, Karlshamn Municipality

Åryd is a locality in Karlshamn Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2001, 336 people lived there.

Billinge

Billinge is a locality in Eslöv Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 415 people lived there.

Rottne

Rottne is a locality in Växjö Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,354 people lived there.

Norrhult-Klavreström

Norrhult-Klavreström is a locality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, with 1,215 people lived there. The locality is bimunicipal, which means it spanns across the borders of two municipalities, Uppvidinge and Växjö.

Skanör med Falsterbo

Skanör med Falsterbo is a statistical locality in Vellinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 6,937 people lived there. It consists of the two former towns of Skanör and Falsterbo.

Tånga och Rögle

Tånga och Rögle is a locality in Helsingborg Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 223 people lived there.

Seleucus I Nicator

Seleucus I Nicator ("Seleucus the Victor") () was one of the generals friends of Alexander who were given, or took control of, his empire. Having served as an infantry general under Alexander, he eventually took the title of basileus (~"king"). He set up the Seleucid Empire over much of the territory in the Near East which Alexander had conquered.

After the death of Alexander in June 323 BC, Seleucus initially supported Perdiccas, the regent of Alexander's empire, and was made Commander of the Companions (the elite cavalry of Alexander) at the Partition of Babylon in 323 BC. 

The 'Wars of the Diadochi' in 322 were the wars of Alexander's successors. Perdiccas failed against Ptolemy in Egypt, which led to the mutiny of his troops. Perdiccas was betrayed and assassinated in a conspiracy by Seleucus and others sometime in either 321 or 320 BC.

In 321 BC, Seleucus was appointed Satrap of Babylon under the new regent Antipater. In 316/5 BC, Eumenes of Cardia entered his satrapy, trying to move to the east away from Antigonus. He stayed in Babylon and moved to Susa in the spring. After the defeat of Eumenes, Seleucus thought to flee Babylon because he feared for his life. Immediately in Spring 314BC, the wars between the Diadochi resumed and Antigonus with main operations in Coele-Syria. Seleucus was only able to return to Babylon in 312 BC with the support of Ptolemy with 50 horsemen accompanying him.

From 312 BC, Seleucus ruthlessly expanded his dominions and eventually conquered the Persian and Median lands because Antigonus was busy dealing with Cassander and Potolemy. Seleucus ruled not only Babylonia, but the entire enormous eastern part of Alexander's empire:

Seleucus' wars took him as far as India, where, after two years of war (305-303 BC), he made peace with the Indian Emperor Chandragupta Maurya. Seleucus exchanged his eastern satrapies in the Indus River Valley for 500 war elephants. These would play a decisive role against Antigonus at the Battle of Ipsus in 301 BC and against Lysimachus at the Battle of Corupedium in 281 BC. After the battle, he gained the rest of Asia Minor except for Thracian Bithynia, Paphlagonia, Hreaclea Pontica, Caria and Pamphylia(under Ptolemies), Psidia(exception of Salagassos which was acquired during Antigonus’s rule), Lyconia, Rhodian Peraia, and Isauria. However, reigons like the Troad, Caria, and the islands had leagues which were vassals to the Seleucids by 281BC. Notably Halicarnassus, Pergamon, and Abydos.

Seleucus' victories against Antigonus and Lysimachus left the Seleucid dynasty virtually unopposed in Asia and in Anatolia. However, Seleucus also hoped to take control of Lysimachus' European territories, primarily Thrace and Macedon itself. But upon arriving in Thrace in 281 BC, Seleucus was assassinated by Ptolemy Ceraunus, who had taken refuge at the Seleucid court with his sister Lysandra. The assassination of Seleucus destroyed Seleucid prospects in Thrace and Macedon, and paved the way for Ptolemy Ceraunus to absorb much of Lysimachus' former power in Macedon. Seleucus was succeeded by his son Antiochus I as ruler of the Seleucid Empire.

Seleucus founded a number of new cities during his reign, including Antioch (300 BC) and in particular Seleucia on the Tigris (ca. 305 BC), the new capital of the Seleucid Empire, a foundation that eventually depopulated Babylon.

Highland

The term highland or upland is used to mean any mountainous region or elevated mountainous plateau. Generally speaking, "upland" (or uplands) means ranges of hills, typically up to 500-600 meters (1,600-2,000 feet). "Highland" (or highlands) usually is used to mean ranges of low mountains.


Mark Pickerel

Mark Pickerel is an American drummer. He is best known as the original drummer for the Screaming Trees. Pickerel played for the Screaming Trees on their first five studio albums and their extended play. He left the band in 1991. 

Jewel Staite

Jewel Belair Staite (born June 2, 1982) is a Canadian actress best known for her roles as Catalina in "Space Cases", Kaylee Frye in "Firefly" and Dr. Jennifer Keller on "Stargate Atlantis".

Transformers (disambiguation)

Transformers is a franchise centered on shapeshifting alien robots.

Transformers or The Transformers may also refer to:



Joel Grey

Joel Grey (born Joel David Katz; April 11, 1932) is an American actor, singer, dancer, and photographer. 

Gray was born in Cleveland, Ohio to Goldie Epstein and to Mickey Katz. He studied at the Cleveland Play House and at Alexander Hamilton High School in Los Angeles, California.

Grey played the role of the Master of Ceremonies in the Broadway musical "Cabaret" in 1966 for which he won the Tony Award. Grey won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in March 1973 for his performance in the same role in the 1972 film version of "Cabaret". He also won the Golden Globe Award. Grey had many other successful performances as an actor.

Gray is also a published photographer, with books "Pictures I Had to Take" 2003; its follow-up, "Looking Hard at Unexpected Things" 2006. His third book, "1.3 – Images from My Phone", a book of photographs taken with his camera phone, was published in 2009. An exhibit of his work was held in April 2011 at the Museum of the City of New York, titled "Joel Grey/A New York Life."

In 1958, Grey married Jo Wilder; they divorced in 1982. Together, they had two children: actress Jennifer Grey and chef James. 

In January 2015, Grey talked about his sexuality in an interview with "People", stating: "I don't like labels, but if you have to put a label on it, I'm a gay man".


David Landau (journalist)

Maurice David Landau OBE (22 June 1947 in England – 27 January 2015) was a British-Israeli journalist and newspaper editor. Landau was editor-in-chief of the Israeli newspaper "Haaretz" from 2004 to 2008. He was the founder and editor-in-chief of the paper's English edition from 1997 to 2004. After leaving "Haaretz" Landau became the Israel correspondent for "The Economist".

Abscess

An abscess () is pus that has built up within the tissue of the body. Signs and symptoms of abscesses include: redness, pain, warmth, and swelling. This swelling feels like it is filled with fluid if it is pressed. The area of redness is often bigger than the area of swelling. Carbuncles are an abscess in the hair follicles.

An abscess is usually caused by a bacterial infection. Often many different types of bacteria can be part of a single infection. In the United States and many other areas of the world the most common bacteria present is MRSA (methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus"). Rarely parasites can cause abscesses and this is more common in the developing world. Diagnosis of a skin abscess is usually made based on what it looks like and is proved by cutting it open. Ultrasound imaging may be useful in cases in which the diagnosis is not clear. In abscesses around the anus, computer tomography (CT) may be important to look for deeper infection.
Treatment for most skin or soft tissue abscesses is to cut it open and drain out the pus. Antibiotics are usually not needed for healthy people. New studies have found that it is better to close the wound after draining, instead of packing it with gauze. This can speed healing and not increase risk of the abscess returning. Sometimes simply sucking out the pus with a needle is not enough.
Skin abscesses are common and have become more common in recent years. As many as 65% of people who take intravenous drugs get abscesses In 2005 in the United States 3.2 million people went to the emergency department for an abscess. In Australia around 13,000 people were put in hospital in 2008 for the disease.

Abscesses can form in any kind of solid tissue. They are usually on the skin surface (such as a boils, or deep skin abscesses), in the lungs, brain, teeth, kidneys and tonsils. The condition can become more complicated if the pus and the infection spread to other parts of the body. This can lead to gangrene, where areas of body tissue die.

The main symptoms and signs of a skin abscess are redness, heat, swelling, pain and loss of function. There may also be high temperature (fever) and chills.

Internal abscesses are more difficult to find. The abscess can be painful, and a person will have a high temperature, and generally feel unwell.
Internal abscesses do not usually heal without medical treatment. In some cases an abscess could even cause death, for example where an abscess in the neck put pressure on the trachea.

If abscess is on the surface, it may be "fluctuant", that is it feels like it is full of fluid, when touched. This is a wave-like motion caused by movement of the pus inside the abscess.

Abscesses are caused by bacterial infection, parasites, or foreign substances.
Bacterial infection is the most common cause. Often many different types of bacteria are involved in a single infection. In the United States and many other areas of the world the most common bacteria present is MRSA. Among spinal subdural abscesses, methicillin-sensitive "Staphylococcus aureus" is the most common organism involved.

Rarely parasites can causes abscesses and this is more common in the developing world. Specific parasites known to do this include: dracunculiasis and myiasis.


Ernst Träger

Träger died in Berlin, aged 88.

Lucjan Lis

Lucjan Roman Lis (8 August 1950 – 26 January 2015) was a Polish cyclist. He had his best achievements in the 100 km team time trial. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics as well as a bronze and a gold medal at the world championships in 1971 and 1973.

Lis died of a ruptured aorta in Warsaw, Poland, aged 64.

Henk Faanhof

Henk Faanhof (29 August 1922 – 27 January 2015) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer from Amsterdam. Faanhof won one stage in the 1954 Tour de France. In 1947, Faanhof was disqualified in the Dutch National Road Race Championship, after changing bicycles with a team mate.

He also competed in three events at the 1948 Summer Olympics. 

Faanhof died in Amsterdam on January 27, 2015, aged 92.

John T. Myers

John Thomas Myers (February 8, 1927 – January 27, 2015) was an American politician. He was a Republican congressman from Indiana's 7th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1967 to 1997.

Myers died at the age of 87 in his birthplace of Covington, Indiana.

Sly Cooper (series)

Sly Cooper is a series of video games. It is named after the title character, Sly Cooper. They are available on the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and PS Vita. The series was created by Sucker Punch and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. All of the video games were also developed by them, except "Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time", which was developed by Sanzaru Games. There are currently five games in the series, as well as a collection of the first three remastered:



Egyptian Armed Forces

The Egyptian Armed Forces are the military forces of Egypt. The Egyptian Armed Forces are the largest in Africa, and the Middle East. It was established in 1922. It consists of the Egyptian Army, Egyptian Navy, Egyptian Air Force and Egyptian Air Defense Forces. The Egyptian Armed Forces are the largest in Africa, and the Middle East. They are the 13th most powerful armed forces worldwide. Their combined strength is about 450,000.

According to the Egyptian Constitution, The Egyptian Armed Forces is led by the General command or by the Supreme Council formed in times of emergency and headed by the President who holds the title of the Supreme leader of the Egyptian armed forces, and consists of the 21 military officers who represent the different armies and departments of the armed forces.

IS-IS

Intermediate System to Intermediate System (IS-IS) is a routing protocol used in larger office networks and parts of the Internet. It quickly decides how data gets from one place to another on a network or the Internet.


Funeral viewing

A funeral viewing or body viewing is the time family and friends come to see the dead after the body has been prepared by a funeral home. the body is embalmed in order to keep the body looking as natural as possible. A viewing may take place at a funeral parlor, in a family home, or at a church. A funeral viewing may also be important to grieving process.

<br>

Örtofta

Örtofta is a locality in Eslöv Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 202 people lived there.

Hallstavik

Hallstavik is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,476 people lived there. The locality is known for its paper-factory and the Rospiggarna speedway team .

Rimbo

Rimbo is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,629 people lived there. It is located circa 20& kilometers west of Norrtälje.

Östhamra

Östhamra is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 255 people lived there.

Spillersboda

Spillersboda is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2005, 314 people lived there. Swedish model Alexandra Larsson was born there.

Grisslehamn

Grisslehamn is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 249 people lived there.

Mölle

Mölle is a locality in Höganäs Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 715 people lived there.

Wilfred Agbonavbare

Wilfred Agbonavbare (5 October 1966 – 27 January 2015) was a Nigerian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

In his country, Lagos-born Agbonavbare played for New Nigeria Bank F.C. and BCC Lions FC. In 1990, he moved to Spain where he would spend the rest of his career, starting with Rayo Vallecano in Segunda División.

In his second season with the Madrid side, Agbonavbare appeared in all 38 league games (3,332 minutes of playing time, 27 goals conceded, second-best in the competition) as the team finished second and returned to La Liga after two years of absence. He continued to be first-choice in the following years, contributing with 31 matches to another top-flight promotion in 1995.

In 1995–96, Agbonavbare lost his starting position to Spanish international Abel Resino. In the following summer, he signed for second division side Écija Balompié, being the most used player in his position but suffering team relegation. 

After one year in his country training to remain fit, Agbonavbare retired due to lack of offers at only 31.


Ray Hathaway

Ray Wilson Hathaway (October 13, 1916 – February 11, 2015) was an American baseball player. He played four games for the Brooklyn Dodgers of Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1945. He was listed at 6 ft 0 in and 165 lbs. He both batted and threw right-handed.

During his career, Hathaway played in 4 MLB games. He recorded a record of 0-1, he had 1 start, had 0 completed games, 3 games finished, and had an ERA of 4.00 in 9 innings pitched.


Will McBride (photographer)

Will McBride (January 10, 1931 – January 29, 2015) was an American photographer in reportage, art photography and book illustration, as well as, a painter and sculptor. He was known for his works that were against censorship in the United States, like pictures of people naked. McBride was born in St. Louis, Missouri and raised in Chicago, Illinois. His entire career was based in Berlin.

McBride died in his home in Berlin at the age of 84.

Rod McKuen

Rodney Marvin "Rod" McKuen (April 29, 1933 – January 29, 2015) was an American poet, singer-songwriter, and composer. He was one of the best-selling poets in the United States during the late 1960s. 

Throughout his career, McKuen produced a wide range of recordings, which included popular music, spoken word poetry, movie soundtracks, and classical music. He earned two Oscar nominations and one Pulitzer nomination for his serious music compositions.

McKuen died of respiratory arrest due to pneumonia.


Frances Lennon

Frances Lennon, MBE (12 September 1912 – 24 January 2015) was an award winning British artist from Greater Manchester. She was best known for being the Official Artist of the 2002 Commonwealth Games. Her paintings have been described as "Lowry-esque, but with more humour".

Keith Emerson

Keith Noel Emerson (2 November 1944 – 10 March 2016) was an English keyboardist and composer. Emerson played in a number of bands before he found his first commercial success with P. P. Arnold's backing band the Nice in the late 1960s.

Emerson was born in Todmorden, West Riding of Yorkshire. He was a founding member of Emerson, Lake & Palmer (ELP) in 1970. Emerson, Lake & Palmer were successful through much of the 1970s. They became one of the best-known progressive rock groups of the era.

Emerson committed suicide by shooting himself in the head at his Santa Monica, California home. He was aged 71.


Sibghatullah Mojaddedi

Sibghatullah Mojaddedi (, 21 April 1925 – 11 February 2019) was an Afghan politician. He served as Interim President after the fall of Mohammad Najibullah's government in April 1992. He was also the founder of the Afghan National Liberation Front.

He served as the chairman of the 2003 loya jirga that approved Afghanistan's new constitution. In 2005 he was appointed chairman of the Meshrano Jirga, upper house of the National Assembly of Afghanistan. He was reappointed as a member in 2011. He also served on the Afghan High Peace Council.

It was reported on 12 February 2019 that Mojaddedi had died the day before at a Kabul hospital from a long-illness. He was 93.


Amparo Baró

Amparo Baró San Martín (21 September 1937 – 29 January 2015) was a Spanish actress. She starting working in theatres with Adolfo Marsillach. She was known for her role as "Sole" in "7 Vidas". Her career spanned more than 50 years.

Baró died from cancer in Madrid, Spain, aged 77.

Chevrolet Traverse

The Chevrolet Traverse is a full-sized (SUV) made by General Motors' Chevrolet division. It was introduced for the 2009 model year. Chevrolet markets the Traverse as a minivan (without sliding side doors). The design for the Traverse is loosely based off the concept vehicle the Chevrolet Sequel (a hybrid crossover SUV). It replaced the Uplander (a minivan) and the TrailBlazer (an SUV) in North America. After the Uplander and its siblings failed to match the sales quota of Toyota Sienna and Honda Odyssey GM announced it would target crossovers. In South America it replaced the Grand Blazer. This vehicle uses a unibody platform called the GM Lambda platform. In 2013 Traverse was updated with a brand new grille, fascia and Camaro inspired tail lights.

In 2017, a second generation Traverse was introduced for the 2018 model year, which followed a more SUV-like design similar to the Suburban/Tahoe. It also became the largest crossover SUV in the Chevrolet lineup due to the introduction of the mid-size Blazer in 2019.in 2023 it has been announced the traverse is now riding on a VSS-T platform meaning it now shares the same platform as the Chevrolet Suburban and Chevrolet Tahoe

Zhelyu Zhelev

Zhelyu Mitev Zhelev (; 3 March 1935 – 30 January 2015) was a Bulgarian politician, philosopher, writer, and dissident. He served as the second President of Bulgaria from 1 August 1990 to 22 January 1997. He was the first non-communist to hold office.

Zhelev was born in Smyadovo. He was married to Maria Zheleva and had two children.

Zhelev died on 30 January 2015 in Sofia, aged 79.

Malmköping

Malmköping is a locality in Flen Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,977 people lived there.

Påskallavik

Påskallavik is a locality in Oskarshamn Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,083 people lived there.

Saltvik

Saltvik is a locality in Oskarshamn Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 352 people lived there.

Bergkvara

Bergkvara is a locality in Torsås Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 940 people lived there.

Figeholm

Figeholm is a locality in Oskarshamn Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 743 people lived there

Urban areas of Sweden

The Urban areas of Sweden are a common English term of the Swedish language-term "tätort". The official term in English, used by Statistics Sweden, is however locality. The places can be compared with, for example, the "census-designated places" in the USA.

The localities of Sweden have at least 200 people lived there. But the concept is statistical, and not defined by any municipal or county borderlines. Urban areas referred to as towns () for statistical purposes at least 10,000 inhabitants. In 2010 there was 1,956 urban areas in Sweden. They covered 85 % of the Swedish population.

Klevshult

Klevshult is a locality in Vaggeryd Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 264 people lived there.

Hok

Hok is a locality in Vaggeryd Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 637 people lived there. North of it is the Hok Mansion.

European Agreement on Au Pair Placement

The European Agreement on Au Pair Placement is an international agreement within the Council of Europe. It was originally signed in Strasbourg, France on 24 November 1969. It came into force on 30 May 1971. The agreement regulates au pair placements. It states that the person in placement shall neither be seen as a traditional employed domestic worker nor as a traditional student. The issue of signing up Sweden to the agreement has been discussed.

Dictyostelid

The dictyostelids are a group of cellular slime molds, or "social amoebae". They are unusual eukaryote organisms. For much of their life they live as separate cells. Then in hard times they come together to reproduce as a fruiting body. The fruiting body produces spores with protective walls. They survive and open up in better times. So these organisms are both unicellular and multicellular.

As separate amoebae, they feed and divide normally. They mostly eat soil bacteria. When the food supply runs out, they come together to form a kind of slug-like thing. The slug has a definite front and rear. It responds to light and temperature differences, and can move. Under the right conditions the slug becomes a sporocarp (fruiting body). A stalk holds up one or more balls of spores. These spores are inactive cells protected by tough cell walls. They become new amoebae when food is available.

"Dictyostelium" has been used as a model organism in molecular biology and genetics. It is studied as an example of cell communication, differentiation, and programmed cell death (apoptosis). Research on "Dictyostelium" is available on-line at dictyBase.

The aggregation of the amoebae relies on a signal molecule. One cell, the founder of the colony, begins to secrete the signal in response to stress. Others detect the signal, and respond in two ways:
The effect of this is to relay the signal through the nearby population of amoebae. They move to the area of highest signal concentration.

They were first discovered in a North Carolina forest in 1935. "Dictyostelium discoideum" was at first classified under 'lower fungi'. Later it was put in the kingdoms Protista and Fungi. By the 1990s, most scientists accepted the present classification.

Amoebozoa are now regarded as a separate kingdom-level clade, being more closely related to both animals and fungi than to plants.

The entire genome of "Dictyostelium discoideum" was published in "Nature" in 2005. The haploid genome contains about 12,500 genes on six chromosomes. For comparison, the diploid human genome has 20,00025,000 genes (represented twice) on 23 chromosome pairs.

Sexual development can occur when amoeboid cells are starved of their bacterial food supply and in the dark.

Mating starts by gametogenesis. This produces small, mobile gametes that fuse to form a small binucleate cell. The volume of the binucleate cell then increases to produce a giant binuclear cell. As growth proceeds, the nuclei swell, and then fuse forming a true diploid zygote giant cell. As this is occurring, amoebae undergo chemotaxis towards the giant cell surface. The zygote giant cell ingests the surrounding amoebae, and digests them. Next the zygote forms a macrocyst which stays dormant for a time before germination occurs. When the macrocyst germinates it releases many haploid amoeboid cells.

"Dictyostelium" shares many molecular features with macrophages. Macrophages are the human host of "Legionella". The cytoskeletal composition of "D. discoideum" is similar to that of mammalian cells. So are the processes driven by these components, such as phagocytosis, membrane trafficking, endocytic transit and vesicle sorting. Like leukocytes, "D. discoideum" have chemotaxis. Hence, "D. discoideum" is a suitable model system to see the influence of host cell factors during "Legionella" infections.


Full-size vehicle

A full-size car is a marketing term used in North America for an automobile larger than a mid-size car. Traditional U.S. full-size passenger cars were designed to be comfortable for six occupants and their luggage for long-distance driving. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) currently uses the term "large car" to mean full-size cars based on their combined interior passenger and luggage volume. A full-size SUV (or CUV), is a utility vehicle that has over of cargo volume. This is measured when the rear seats are folded or removed for more cargo capacity. Both full-size and mid-size SUVs and CUVs have three rows of seating (8 or 9 passengers). A full size van is a marketing term used for a van larger than a minivan. Seating is one difference. A full-size van may be equipped to seat up to 15 passengers. A minivan often seats up to 8.

Legionella

The genus Legionella is a pathogenic group of Gram-negative bacteria. It includes the species causing a pneumonia-type illness called Legionnaires' disease, and a mild flu-like illness called Pontiac fever.

It may be seen with a silver stain. "Legionella" is common in many environments, including soil and aquatic systems, with at least 50 species and 70 strains identified.

The side-chains of the cell wall carry the bases responsible for the somatic antigen specificity of these organisms. The chemical composition of these side chains both with respect to components as well as arrangement of the different sugars determines the nature of the somatic or O antigen determinants, which are essential means of serologically classifying many Gram-negative bacteria.

"Legionella" got its name after a 1976 outbreak of a then-unknown "mystery disease" sickened. 221 people were infected, with 34 deaths. The outbreak was first noticed among people attending a convention of the American Legion—an association of U.S. military veterans.

On January 18, 1977, the cause was identified as a previously unknown bacterium later named "Legionella".

Legionnaires' disease is a severe form of pneumonia—lung inflammation usually caused by infection. Legionnaires' disease is caused by a bacterium known as "Legionella".

People can't catch Legionnaires' disease from person-to-person contact. Instead, most people get Legionnaires' disease from inhaling the bacteria. Older adults, smokers and people with weakened immune systems are particularly susceptible to Legionnaires' disease.

The "Legionella" bacterium also causes Pontiac fever, a milder illness resembling the flu. Separately or together, the two illnesses are sometimes called legionellosis. Pontiac fever usually clears on its own, but untreated Legionnaires' disease can be fatal. Although prompt treatment with antibiotics usually cures Legionnaires' disease, some people continue to experience problems after treatment.

Disinfectants help people to avoid catching it.

Frame (vehicle)

A vehicle frame, is the main structural element of a motor vehicle. All other components are connected to the frame. Another term for this design is "body-on-frame" construction. A vehicle's frame is part of the chassis.

The first motor vehicles were almost all built on a frame. Since then, nearly all cars have changed to unibody construction (see below). The last UK mass-produced car with a chassis was the Triumph Herald, which was discontinued in 1971. By contrast, today nearly all trucks and buses still use chassis frames.

Named because it resembles a ladder, the ladder frame is the simplest and oldest of all designs. It has two rails, or beams, and crossmembers connecting them. Most manufacturers stopped using them on cars around the 1940s. They are now seen mainly on trucks.

In a unibody (also unit body) design, the sheet metal of the body is also the frame. It may use subframes in certain areas. Unibody designs first appeared in the 1930s on some Citroën automobiles. Many modern vehicles use unibody construction including cars, minivans and crossovers. A few SUVs use unibody construction. An example is the Dodge Durango.

Hedesunda

Hedesunda is a locality in Gävle Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,028 people lived there.

Pedal steel guitar

The pedal steel guitar is a type of electric steel guitar that is built on legs or a stand. It usually has foot pedals which adjust the sound of the instrument. Like other electric guitars, the musical instrument produces sound by the vibration of its strings which are converted by magnetic pickup connected to an amplifier.

Pedal steels may have one or two "necks" that typically have 10 strings each. Some may have as many as 14. Unlike most other guitars, pedal steel guitars have reference lines on the fretboard. This is where frets would be, but there are no actual frets. The player changes the pitch of one or more strings by sliding a steel from one position to another while plucking the strings. Pedal steels are typically plucked with a thumb pick and fingers, or two or three fingerpicks. The pedals are mounted on a cross bar below the body. The action of the pedals may be fixed or changed by the player to select which strings the pedals affects. While there are some fairly standard pedal assignments, many advanced players devise their own setups, called "copedents". The pedal steel evolved from the console steel guitar and lap steel guitar. 

The pedal steel, with its smooth "portamenti", bending chords and complex riffs, is one of the most easily recognized instruments of American country music.

Dimitar Iliev Popov

Dimitar Iliev Popov () (26 June 1927 in Kula – 5 December 2015) was a leading Bulgarian judge and politician. He was the first Prime Minister of the country not to be a member of the Bulgarian Communist Party since 1946.

Gerrit Voorting

Gerardus "Gerrit" Petrus Voorting (18 January 1923 – 30 January 2015) was a racing cyclist from the Netherlands. He was born in Velsen. He was active between 1947 and 1960. He won the silver medal in the individual road race at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom. He died in Heemskerk.

He was the elder brother of Olympic cyclist Adrie Voorting.

Palais Bourbon

The Palais Bourbon is a large building in Paris. It is on the left bank of the River Seine. Today it is the home of the French National Assembly. It was originally built by Louise Françoise de Bourbon as a large townhouse for her own personal use. It was later the main Parisian residence of the Princes of Condé. 

Building began in 1722 under the direction of several prominent architects of the day. It was inspired by the "Grand Trianon" in the grounds of the Palace of Versailles. It was built near the "Hôtel de Lassay", which was the townhouse of the Marquis of Lassay. He was a nobleman the duchess had began having an affair with some years prior. The two buildings were connected by a corridor. 

During the French Revolution the property was seized as a "bien national" or property of the nation.

Reema Abdo

Reema Abdo (born May 19, 1963) is a Canadian retired swimmer. She was a backstroke swimmer.

Abdo competed for Canada at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. She was able to win a bronze medal for Canada. She won the bronze medal in the 4×100 m medley relay with Anne Ottenbrite, Michelle MacPherson, and Pamela Rai.

She was born in Aden in the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen. In 1976, Abdo and her family moved to Trenton, Ontario. She would then join the Trenton Dolphin Swim Club. She debuted with the Canadian national swimming team at the 1982 Commonwealth Games. There she was able to reach the final of the 200 metre backstroke event, but she did not win a medal. After she retired, she became a constable for the Ontario Provincial Police.

She was inducted into the Ontario Aquatic Hall of Fame in 1997.


Alexander Vraciu

Alexander Vraciu (November 2, 1918 – January 29, 2015) was a United States Navy fighter ace. He was a Medal of Honor nominee. He served during World War II. He once shot down six Japanese dive bombers in eight minutes. Vraciu was born in East Chicago, Indiana.

Vraciu died on January 29, 2015 in his sleep at the age of 96 at his home in Danville, Illinois.

Israel Yinon

Israel Yinon (11 January 1956 – 29 January 2015) was an Israeli conductor. He was known for reviving works of forgotten German composers who were forbidden under Adolf Hitler.

Yinon died after collapsing onstage at a youth concert at the Lucerne University of Applied Sciences and Arts in Switzerland. He was 59 years old. His cause of death is currently unknown.

Pamela Rai

Pamela Leila Rai (born March 29, 1966) is a Canadian retired swimmer. She was a freestyle and butterfly swimmer. 

Rai competed for Canada at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. She was able to win a bronze medal for Canada. She won the bronze medal in the 4×100 m medley relay with Anne Ottenbrite, Michelle MacPherson, and Reema Abdo. She also won a silver medal for Canada at the 1983 Pan American Games in the 4x100 m medley.

In 1984, Rai attended the University of Victoria. While there, Rai set five national university records and was named the 1985 Canadian University Swimmer of the Year. She retired in 1986 to finish her schooling.

She was inducted into the British Columbia Sports Hall of Fame in 1993, University of Victoria Vikes Hall of Fame in 2005, and the British Columbia Swimming Hall of Fame on October 3, 1998.

Duck family (Disney)

The Duck family is a fictional family of cartoon ducks. They are related to Disney character Donald Duck.

In the comic story "The Family Tree Spree" (1962), Donald discovers that he has only two notable ancestors. One is Columbust Duck, who tried to prove the Flat Earth model. The other is Deadeye Duck, a stagecoach robber. If Columbust lived at the same time as Christopher Columbus, he would be Donald's oldest known relative on his father's side. On his mother's side, Donald's earliest known relative lived in the second millennium BC.

Pintail Duck was a 16th-century Duck relative. He was the first early ancestor to appear in person.

Asa Duck was the great-great-great uncle of Grandma Duck.

Humperdink Duck is the earliest known modern Duck family member. He is the husband of Elvira Coot, known as "Grandma Duck". He is Donald's grandfather.

Elvira "Grandma" Duck (née Coot) is Donald's grandmother. She is the Duck family matriarch. In most stories, she is called "Grandma Duck".

Quackmore Duck (born 1875) is the father of Donald Duck. His parents are Humperdink and Elvira "Grandma" Duck.

Hortense Duck (née McDuck; born 1876) is the wife of Quackmore Duck and Donald's mother. She was born in Scotland and is the youngest sister of Scrooge McDuck.

Daphne Gander (née Duck) is Donald's aunt. She is the mother of Gladstone Gander.

Eider Duck is Donald's uncle.

Lulubelle Duck (née Loon) is the wife of Eider Duck. She is the mother of Abner and Fethry Duck.

Upsy Duck is Donald's uncle from the 1965 story "Mastering The Matterhorn", illustrated by Tony Strobl.

Sheriff Dan Duck (aka Cousin Dan) is an old cousin of Donald. He is the sheriff of a Western town called "Bent Spur Gulch".

Donald Duck (born 1920) is the most well-known member of the family. He is the son of Quackmore and Hortense Duck. His girlfriend is Daisy Duck.

Della Duck is the mother of Huey, Dewey, and Louie.

Fethry Duck was Donald's cousin.

Whitewater Duck was only in the story "Log Jockey", published in "Walt Disney's Comics and Stories" #267 on December, 1962. According to that story, he is a distant cousin of Donald, and works as a lumberjack in the woods.

Dudly D. Duck is a cousin of Donald. He appears in the comic story "Why All the Crabby Ducks?".

Nancy Duck is a female cousin of Donald.

Huebert "Huey", Deuteronomy "Dewey", and Louis "Louie" Duck are Donald's three nephews. They are the identical triplet sons of Della Duck and an unnamed father.

Dugan Duck is Fethry Duck's nephew.

The Coot family (usually called the Coot Kin in stories) are the relatives of Grandma Duck. They and the Clan McDuck make up the third major branch of Donald's family tree. The name "Coot" was used by several comic authors including Carl Barks. Don Rosa was the first to show their relationship to Donald. The members of the family are shown as white Pekin ducks like Donald, although real-life coots are typically black.

Cornelius Coot (1790–1880) founded Duckburg.

Clinton Coot (1830-1910) was first mentioned in "Uncle Scrooge Adventures" #27 in the story "Guardians of the Lost Library", first published in July 1994. There he was introduced as the son of Cornelius Coot and the founder of The Junior Woodchucks.

Gertrude Coot (née Gadwall) is the wife of Clinton Coot. She is the mother of Casey and Elvira Coot ("Grandma Duck").

Casey Coot (1860-c. 1960) first appeared in "Last Sled to Dawson", first published in June, 1988. He is an unsuccessful gold prospector. He was a friend of Scrooge McDuck during his years in the Klondike.

Gretchen Coot (née Grebe) is the wife of Casey Coot. She is the mother of Cuthbert and Fanny Coot.

Fanny Coot is the mother of Donald's cousin Gus Goose.

Cuthbert Coot was introduced in the story "Webfooted Wrangler," first published in April 1945. He is a distant cousin of Donald Duck. He is a rancher.

Kildare Coot was introduced by artist Romano Scarpa. He is a very eccentric fourth cousin of Donald Duck.

Luke Goose (sometimes called Luke the Goose) is the father of Donald's cousin Gus Goose.

Gus Goose is Donald Duck's second cousin. He is the great-nephew of Grandma Duck. Gus eats a lot. His first appearance was in the 1939 animated short "Donald's Cousin Gus".

Goostave Gander is Gladstone Gander's father. In some early stories he is married to Matilda McDuck, Scrooge's sister. Carl Barks later had him married to Daphne Duck instead.

Gladstone Gander is Donald's cousin. He is the son of Goosetave and Daphne Gander.

Shamrock Gander is Gladstone's nephew.

Clyde is another nephew of Gladstone's.

This section contains a list of characters with the surname "Duck" who may or may not be related to Donald. As Don Rosa explained, "Duck" is an understandably common name in Duckburg (just as "Smith" or "Jones" are common in the real-life United States) and does not necessarily identify a blood relation of Donald.

0.0. Duck and Mata Harrier are a secret-agent duo.

April, May, and June Duck are the triplet nieces of Daisy Duck.

Belle Duck is a plus-sized, tall and elegant duck lady.

Daisy Duck is Donald's girlfriend. Huey, Dewey, and Louie sometimes call her "Aunt Daisy". It is unclear if she is their real aunt.

Darkwing Duck is the protagonist of a TV series named after him. He is most likely not related to Donald because "Darkwing Duck" is the character's superhero identity. His name in private life is Drake Mallard.

Dexter Duck, like Gladstone Gander, competes with Donald Duck to get Daisy Duck's attention.

Dickie Duck () was introduced as Goldie O'Gilt's granddaughter. But in the story "Paperetta e la leggenda del luna park" by Romano Scarpa she calls Huey, Dewey and Louie "cuginetti" (small/young cousins) and then "cugini" (cousins). This might mean that she and Donald's nephews share the same surname in English language because of a kinship.

Dimwitty Duck originally appears as an assistant of Donald Duck.

Hustler Duck is an obscure character that works as a marketing man.

Moby Duck appears to be a relative of Donald's. Their relationship is never specifically described. His name is a spoof of "Moby-Dick".

The identity of Huey, Dewey, and Louie's father is something of a mystery. The character does not appear in any stories.


Tetraplegia

Tetraplegia (or quadriplegia) is a condition in which a human loses use of all limbs and the torso. It usually affects both the ability to move and the use of the senses.

"Quadriplegia" is the common term in North America. "Tetraplegia" is the term in Europe.

Tetraplegia is caused by damage either to the brain or to the spinal cord at the level of the cervical vertebrae. People with an injury at the C1 vertebra may lose functions from the neck down. They may need a machine to breathe for them. People with injuries at the C7 vertebra may still be able to use their arms and hands.

Zapala

Zapala is a town in the Argentinian Neuquén Province. In 2010, 32,097 people lived there.

The dinosaur, "Zapalasaurus", lived there during the Early Cretaceous period

Cartier (jeweller)

Société Cartier makes and sells jewellery and watches. It was started in Paris, France in 1847 by Louis-François Cartier. The company is based in Paris.

Cartier has sold items to celebrities and royalty for many years. Edward VII said that Cartier is "the jeweller of kings and the king of jewellers". For his coronation in 1902, Edward VII ordered 27 tiaras from Cartier. He chose Cartier as a main provider to the royal family in 1904.

Neuquén

Neuquén () is the capital city of Neuquén Province, Argentina. It is at the confluence of the Limay and Neuquén rivers.

Air charter

Air charter is the business of renting whole aircraft (i.e., chartering) instead of buying tickets and reserving single seat. Air charter is regulated by law. While airlines sell places in seats, air charter companies focus on private wealthy customers, urgent cargo, air ambulance services and others. These air charter companies have a lot of different types of aircraft, such as helicopters and business jets. Charter jet categories include turbo props, light jets, mid-size jets, super mid-size jets, heavy jets, and airliners.


Court reporting

A court reporter or court stenographer, also called stenotype operator, shorthand reporter or law reporter, is a person whose occupation is to transcribe spoken or recorded speech into written form, using shorthand, machine shorthand or voice writing equipment to produce official transcripts of court hearings, depositions and other official proceedings. Court reporting companies primarily serve private law firms, local, state and federal government agencies, courts, trade associations, meeting planners and nonprofits.

Vilnius Old Town

The Old Town of Vilnius () is the historic part of the city of Vilnius, Lithuania. It is one of the largest and most beautiful medieval old towns in Europe. It has an area of 3.59 square kilometres (887 acres). The settlement became a town in the early 13th century. The old town is marked by narrow streets, old churches, museums and flower-decorated courtyards.

The central squares in the Old Town are the Cathedral Square and the Town Hall Square. In 1994 the Vilnius Old Town was included in the UNESCO World Heritage List.

There are more monuments of interest in the Old Town than in any other part of Vilnius; they include:




Edi Rama

Edvin "Edi" Rama (born 4 July 1964) is an Albanian politician, artist and writer. He is also the Prime Minister of Albania since 2013, and the leader of the Socialist Party of Albania since 2005. He was the Minister of Culture, Youth, and Sports from 1998 to 2000 and Mayor of Tirana from 2000 to 2011.

Tulancingo

Tulancingo, officially Tulancingo de Bravo, is a city in the state of Hidalgo in central Mexico. The city is in the Tulancingo Valley. It is from Mexico City and from Pachuca. It was founded by the Toltecs.

Amedeo Modigliani

Amedeo Modigliani (12 June 1884 – 24 January 1920) was an Italian painter and sculptor. Modigliani was born in Livorno. He spent his youth in Italy. From 1906, he was active in Paris, where he met other painters, such as Pablo Picasso and Constantin Brâncuși. Modigliani died from meningitis in Paris, at the age of 35. Today, he is mostly known for his artistic nudes, which were seen as scandalous at the time.

His works are on show at MoMA (New York City) and other museums.


Deaths in February 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in February 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Maurizio Arcieri

Maurizio Arcieri (30 April 1942 – 29 January 2015) was an Italian singer. He was formerly the leader of The New Dada. Recently he was a member of Krisma. Arcieri was born in Milan, Italy. He was very active during the 1970s.

Arcieri died of cancer in Varese, Italy, aged 72.


Carl Djerassi

Carl Djerassi (October 29, 1923 – January 30, 2015) was a Bulgarian-Austrian-American chemist, novelist, and playwright. He was best known for his work to develop a oral contraceptive pills and the use of physical methods in organic chemistry.


Geraldine McEwan

Geraldine McEwan (née McKeown; 9 May 1932 – 30 January 2015) was an English actress. McEwan was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play in 1998 for her performance in "The Chairs". She also won a BAFTA Award for her performance in the television serial "Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit" (1990). From 2004 to 2009 she appeared as Miss Marple, the Agatha Christie sleuth, for the series "Marple".


Old town

An old town of a city or town is its historic center or district. It is often the older town the newer parts were built around. It may also be an area built to resemble the older original town. Old towns usually have historical and architectural value that make them worth restoring. In Europe old towns are usually the medieval towns or villages that the newer city was built up around. Old towns may have cobblestone streets, old churches, and balconies hanging over narrow back streets. Because they are restrictive traffic traps many old town districts do not allow motor vehicles.

Ashraf Ghani

Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai (, , born February 12, 1949) was the President of Afghanistan. He was elected as the President of Afghanistan on 21 September 2014. He resigned on 15 August 2021 after going into exile when the Taliban captured Kabul and the Afghan government collapsed.

Ghani was born on February 12, 1949. On May 2, 2008, he made his first book, called . In 2011, he made another book, titled 

On 15 August 2021, Afghan officials said that Ghani had left the presidential palace that morning, and went to the US embassy and from there he left Afghanistan as the Taliban entered Kabul.

He is living in UAE (as of 2021's fourth quarter).


Gita Sahgal

Gita Sahgal (born 1956 / 1957) is a writer on the subjects of feminism and fundamentalism. She was the leader of Amnesty International's gender unit from 2003 to 2010.

Sahgal was born in Bombay in India. Her mother is writer Nayantara Sahgal. She was raised as a Hindu. In 1972 she moved to London. In London she studied at the School of Oriental and African Studies. In 1977 Sahgal went back to India. She moved back to England in 1983. 

In 1979 she started Southall Black Sisters with Pragna Patel. SBS is an organization that helps Asian and black women who are experiencing domestic violence, sexual violence, forced marriage, etc. She started Women Against Fundamentalism in 1989 with Patel, Clara Connolly, and Nira Yuval-Davis in response to the Rushdie affair. In 1992 Sahgal wrote in "Refusing Holy Orders: Women and Fundamentalism in Britain" and edited it with Yuval-Davis. In 2003 Sahgal became the head of Amnesty International's gender unit. In 2010 Sahgal was fired because she wrote an article for the "Sunday Times" criticising Amnesty's associations with Moazzam Begg. She left the organization. The Centre for Secular Space was started by Sahgal in 2011.

Sahgal is an atheist.

Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day

The anime aired 11 episodes. It began airing on April 14, 2011 and ended on June 23, 2011. It was shown on Fuji Television's noitaminA block. It started as a serial novel by Mari Okada and appeared in Media Factory's "Da Vinci" magazine from March to July 2011. It was later adapted into a manga and it was illustrated by Mitsu Izumi. A visual novel for the PlayStation Portable was released in August 2012.

On August 31, 2013, an anime movie was released in Japanese theatres. A second anime movie is set to be released in 2015.


Emelie Öhrstig

Emelie Öhrstig, born 27 February 1978 in Borås, Sweden, is a Swedish cross-country skier and road racing cyclist. As a country skier she who won a gold medal during the 2005 Nordic World Ski Championships in Oberstdorf, Germany. She also won eleven additional victories up to 15 kilometers between 2002-2005. Her best individual finish in Turin during the 2006 Winter Olympics was 22nd in the women's individual sprint race.

In April 2006 she resigned as a member of the Piteå Elit SK team.

Origa

Olga Vital'evna Yakovleva (; 12 October 1970 – 17 January 2015), better known as Origa, was a Russian singer. She worked mostly in Japan from 1993 until her death. She was signed to the record label Gemmatika and sometimes worked with Yoko Kanno. She also released eleven albums and eight singles. She was most well known for singing the intro to the television series "Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex" and "Fantastic Children".

Origa was born in Kochenyovsky District, Novosibirsk Oblast.

Origa died from lung cancer on 17 January 2015 in Tokyo, aged 44.


José Manuel Lara Bosch

José Manuel Lara Bosch (8 March 1946 – 31 January 2015) was a Spanish media executive and businessman. He was the CEO of Grupo Planeta since 2003 and Atresmedia since 2012. Bosch was born in Barcelona, Spain.

Bosch died in Barcelona, Spain from pancreatic cancer, aged 68. He is survived by his wife of 40 years, Consuelo García Píriz and his four children.

Rocky Bridges

Everett Lamar "Rocky" Bridges (August 7, 1927 – January 27, 2015) was an American baseball utility infielder. He played in Major League Baseball from 1951 to 1961. He played for the Brooklyn Dodgers, Cincinnati Reds, and St. Louis Cardinals of the National League. He also played for the Washington Senators, Detroit Tigers, Cleveland Indians, and Los Angeles Angels of the American League.

Bridges was born in Refugio, Texas. He was married to Mary who died in 2008 and had four children.

Bridges died on January 27, 2015 in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, aged 87.

Tenkoko Sonoda

Sonoda was born in Tokyo. She was married to Sunao Sonoda until his death in 1984. She was also the stepmother of Hiroyuki Sonoda.

Sonoda died on 29 January 2015 in a Tokyo hospital. She was 96.

Suraj Abdurrahman

Suraj Alao Abdurrahman (9 September 1954 – 28 January 2015) was a Nigerian architect, engineer officer of the Nigerian Army. He served as Command Officer in Charge of the Armed Forces of Liberia (AFL) in Liberia. He was married and had four children.

Abdurrahman died of an illness in a hospital in New York, United States, aged 60.

Ronald Davison

Sir Ronald Keith Davison (born 16 November 1920; died 2 July 2015) was a New Zealand lawyer and judge. He was the tenth Chief Justice of New Zealand from 1978 to 1989.

We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together

"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" is a 2012 song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. Swift co-wrote the song with its producers Max Martin and Shellback. The song is about Swift being frustrated at her ex-lover wanting to fix their relationship. The song was the lead single from her album "Red".

"Rolling Stone" named this song the second best song of 2012.

The song hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Catherine Tizard

Dame Catherine Anne Tizard (née Maclean; 4 April 1931 – 31 October 2021) was a New Zealand politician. She served as the Mayor of Auckland City and the 16th Governor-General of New Zealand. She the first woman to hold either office.

Tizard died on 31 October 2021 in Auckland from a long-illness at the age of 90.


Paul Reeves

Sir Paul Alfred Reeves (6 December 193214 August 2011) was a New Zealand politician and archbishop. He was the Archbishop and Primate of New Zealand from 1980 to 1985 and the 15th Governor-General of New Zealand from 22 November 1985 to 20 November 1990. 

He was the first Chancellor of Auckland University of Technology.

In July 2011, Reeves announced that he had been diagnosed with cancer. He died of the disease in Auckland, New Zealand, aged 78.


Zulkifli Abdhir

Zulkifli Abdhir (5 October 1966 - 27 January 2015) was a Malaysian who was one of the FBI Most Wanted Terrorists. The Amercian FBI agency offered a USD 5 million reward for information leading to his capture. He was the maker of bombs delivered for usage to several terrorist groups. 

He was often referred to by the "nom de guerre" Marwan. He was suspected of being a leader of the Kumpulan Mujahidin Malaysia, being part of the central command of the Jemaah Islamiyah, and was hiding in Mindanao under the protection of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters. 

Zulkifli Abdhir is thought to have possibly been killed in a recent PNP operation leading to militant clashes with the Philippine National Police.

Joe Rígoli

Jorge Rígoli (Jorge Alberto Rípoli; 5 November 1936 – 27 January 2015) was an Argentine comedian and actor. He was known for starring in the popular Argentine animated series "Un, dos, tres... responda otra vez". Rígoli was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Rígoli died in Mar del Plata, Argentina from heart failure after being in a medically induced coma after having high blood pressure. He was 78 years old.

Dennis Wilson

Dennis Carl Wilson (December 4, 1944 – December 28, 1983) was an American drummer, singer and songwriter. He is best known as being one of three brothers in the rock band, The Beach Boys. Wilson was a member from the beginning until he died in 1983.

The group made twenty-four studio albums. Wilson made one solo album, "Pacific Ocean Blue". It stayed popular with critics over the years.

Dennis was born in Inglewood, California. He was the only surfer of the group and he lived the beach lifestyle that the Beach Boys wrote about in their songs.

In 1968, Dennis Wilson met a musician, Charles Manson, who had a group of followers in a religious cult. His cult members were called "The Family". Wilson became very fond of Manson and his friends. They all moved into his home on Sunset Boulevard in west Los Angeles for a few months.

At first, Wilson was writing some songs with Manson, who could play a guitar. Thinking he had talent, he introduced him to a few friends in the music business, including Terry Melcher, (the son of Doris Day). But he soon became afraid of Manson's bad temper and violent behavior. So finally Wilson escaped by just moving out of his house and leaving Manson there.

Manson was actually a dangerous and mentally ill criminal. In 1969, with the help of "The Family", he murdered at least eight famous people in California.

On December 28, 1983, while partying soon after his 39th birthday, Wilson drowned at Marina del Rey in Los Angeles. He had been drinking alcohol all day and diving into the sea in the afternoon. He was buried at sea off the California coast by the U.S. Coast Guard on January 4, 1984. President Ronald Reagan allowed the burial.


Ekhlasuddin Ahmed

Ekhlasuddin Ahmed (also Ekhlas Uddin Ahmed; 15 December 1940 – 24 December 2014) was a Bangladeshi writer of Children's literature.

Ahmed was born in 1940 in the 24 Parganas district of West Bengal province. Ahmed was also a journalist and was associated with the Daily Janakantha. Among the awards he received is the "Kabir Chowdhury Children's Literary Award" of the Bangla Academy (2004).

Ekhlasuddin died at Square Hospital in Dhaka 24 December 2014 at age 74.


José Arias

José Arias (27 August 1922 – 7 January 2015) was a Spanish alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, Switzerland.

Tomás Bulat

Tomás Ariel Bulat (12 September 1964 – 31 January 2015) was an Argentine economist, journalist, writer, and professor. He was known for his report on channel A24. He wrote some books about the economy, some of those books are "La economía de tu vida" and "la Economía descubierta". Bulat was born in Buenos Aires.

Bulat died in Buenos Aires, Argentina after being killed in a car crash, aged 50.

George H. McKee

Lieutenant General George H. McKee (April 28, 1923 – January 6, 2015) was an American Air Force lieutenant general and command pilot. He was commander of Air Training Command with headquarters at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas.

Bonnie Christensen

Bonnie Christensen (January 23, 1951 – January 12, 2015) was an American author and illustrator. She best known for writing biographies and other illustrated non-fiction books for children and young adults. She was born in Saranac Lake, New York.

Christensen died of ovarian cancer in Williston, Vermont, aged 63.

Robert Adler

Robert Adler (December 4, 1913 – February 15, 2007) was an Austrian-born American inventor who held numerous patents. He was known for creating wireless remote control for televisions.

Adler died in a Boise, Idaho nursing home of heart failure at age 93 years old.


Utsunomiya Line

The is a railway line in Japan. It runs from Ueno station in Tokyo Prefecture to Utsunomiya Station in Tochigi Prefecture. It runs diagonally from south to north in Saitama Prefecture. It is owned and operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East Japan).

The colors of the cars are green and orange. It looks similar to the Takasaki line.
The maximum speed of this train is . It is possible to go to Kuroiso from Ueno in about an hour and a half.

The Takasaki line including local trains and rapid trains has about six standard-runs per hour in daytime. Sometimes the trains are crowded with students and company employees in major cities, for example Akabane, Urawa, Saitama-Shintoshin, Omiya, Hasuda, Kuki, Koga, Oyama, Utsunomiya, Nasu-Shiobara, Kuroiso.

Combination (mathematics)

In mathematics, combination is used for picking a number of objects from a given set of objects. Combinatorics looks at the number of possibilities to pick k objects from a set of n. It does not take into account the order in which these are picked. People talk about finding permutations if the order in which the objects are picked matters. This explains why there are more permutations than combinations. One combination, picking the objects 1,3, and 5 in the example can be done in the following ways: {1,3,5}, {1,5,3}, {3,1,5}, {3,5,1}, {5,1,3} and {5,3,1}.

In general, the number of combinations of k objects from n objects, written as formula_1 or formula_2, is equal to formula_3, where "!" stands for the factorial notation. This number is also known as the binomial coefficient.


George Hodgson

George Ritchie Hodgson (October 12, 1893 – May 1, 1983) was a Canadian swimmer. He was a freestyle swimmer.

Hodgson competed for Canada at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden. He won two gold medals for Canada. He won the gold in the 400 m freestyle and in the 1500 m freestyle. Hodgson set Olympic and World records in the events. He retired immediately after.

He attended McGill University. He swam and played water polo there until he graduated in 1916. After he graduated, he joined the Royal Naval Air Service and served in World War I. He earned the United Kingdom’s Air Force Cross. He would then spend the rest of his life working as an investment broker at his firm in Montreal. He died in Montreal on May 1, 1983.

He was inducted into the Canadian Amateur Sports Hall of Fame in 1949, Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1955, International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1968, McGill Sports Hall of Fame in 1996, and the Quebec Swimming Federation Hall of Fame in 1998.


George Vernot

George Edward Vernot (February 27, 1901 – November 22, 1962) was a Canadian swimmer. He was a freestyle swimmer. 

Vernot competed for Canada at both the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium and at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, France. He won a silver and a bronze medal for Canada at the 1920 games. He won the silver in the 1500 m freestyle and the bronze in the 400 m freestyle.

He attended McGill University and studied civil engineering. He still competed in both amateur and intercollegiate swimming, as well as, water polo. He was chosen to compete for Canada at the 1924 Olympics, but he was eliminated in the semifinals for both the 1500 m freestyle and the 400 m freestyle events. In 1926, he graduated from McGill University and he decided to retire from swimming. After retiring, he worked for the City of Montreal and he became the chairman of the Board of Assessors in 1948. He died in Montreal on November 22, 1962. The city of Montreal named a park after him on April 10, 1969.


Victor Hambartsumian

Viktor Amazaspovich Ambartsumian (; 18 September 1908 - August 12, 1996) was an Armenian Soviet astrophysicist. He was one of the founders of theoretical astrophysics. Ambartsumian worked in the field of physics of stars and nebulae and stellar astronomy. He was the founder of the Byurakan Astrophysical Observatory. He was a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences (1953, corresponding member since 1939). He was also a member of the Armenian National Academy of Sciences and its president (1947-1993).


Grand Hotel Saltsjöbaden

The Grand Hotel Saltsjöbaden (officially: "Grand Hôtel Saltsjöbaden") is a hotel in Saltsjöbaden, Sweden. It was built on the initiative of Knut Agathon Wallenberg. The hotel was opened in 1893 by king Oscar II of Sweden. The hotel was owned by the Wallenberg family up to 1999, when it was purchased by Nordisk Renting who sold it in 2002 to Danish-Egptian hotelowner Enan Galaly's chain Helnan Hotels. On 20 December 1938, the Saltsjöbaden Agreement was signed inside the hotel.

Iquique

Iquique is a port town in northern Chile. It is the capital of Iquique Province and Tarapacá Region. In the 2012 census, the town had a population of 180,601.


Vargön

Vargön is a locality in Vänersborg Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,919 people lived there.

Boo, Sweden

Boo, sometimes referred to as "Saltsjö-Boo", is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 24,052 people lived there. It was its own municipality until 1970, when it was incorporated into Nacka Municipality.

Nordkroken

Nordkroken is a locality in Vänersborg Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 423 people lived there.

Älta, Stockholm

Älta is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 9,989 people lived there.

Hästhagen

Hästhagen is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 499 people lived there.

Kil

Kil may refer to:


Kil, Nacka Municipality

Kil is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 731 people lived there.

Fisksätra

Fisksätra is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 7,475 people lived there. It was built during the 1970s. There are people from various nationalities living in the locality.

Aldo Ciccolini

Aldo Ciccolini (, 15 August 1925 – 1 February 2015), was an Italian-French pianist. He was born in Naples, Italy.

He taught at the Conservatoire de Paris from 1970 to 1988. His students included Akiko Ebi, Géry Moutier, Jean-Yves Thibaudet, Artur Pizarro, Nicholas Angelich, André Sayasov and Jean-Luc Kandyoti.

Ciccolini died at the age of 89 on 1 February 2015 at his home in Paris.

Federico Menabrea

Luigi Federico Menabrea (September 4, 1809 – May 24, 1896), later made Count Menabrea and Marquis of Valdora, was an Italian general, statesman, mathematician and diplomat.

Menabrea was born at Chambéry, then part of the Kingdom of Sardinia. He was educated at the University of Turin, where he qualified as an engineer and became a doctor of mathematics. In 1842 he wrote "Sketch of the Analytical Engine Invented by Charles Babbage, Esq.", a publication that influenced Ada Lovelace.

In 1848 he began his political career, and was elected deputy in the Parliament of Piedmont; later he was Minister of War and Foreign Minister. Menabrea fought the Second Italian War of Independence; in 1860 he became lieutenant-general and conducted the siege of Gaeta: after this battle, he was appointed senator and received the title of count.

Member of the "Historical Right", in the Kingdom of Italy he was Minister of the Navy from June 12, 1861 to March 3, 1862 and Minister of Public Works from December 8, 1862 to September 28, 1864.

Luigi Federico Menabrea became Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy October 27, 1867 and remained in power until December 14, 1869. His government is remembered for three things:


He was very strict in enforcing his laws: in fact he ordered to the General Raffaele Cadorna to suppress in the blood the popular uprisings.

His government fell because the two ministers withdrew their support. Menabrea was later ambassador to London and Paris. He died in Saint-Cassin.

Ann Mara

Ann Mara (June 18, 1929 – February 1, 2015) was an American businesswoman, socialite, and philanthropist. She was the widow of Wellington Mara, and the matriarch of the Mara family, which includes New York Giants CEO John Mara, and her granddaughters, actresses Rooney Mara and Kate Mara.

Mara died from pneumonia and from complications of a fall on February 1, 2015 in Rye, New York, aged 85.

Hog badger

The hog badger ("Arctonyx collaris") is a species of badger. They are found in central and southeast Asia. It is listed as near threatened.

It has medium-length brown hair, stocky body, white throat, two black stripes on face and a pink, pig-like snout. The head-and-body length is and it`s body weight is .

Its tail has long white hairs. Its front feet have white claws.

Hog badgers are common in Thailand and in tropical evergreen forests and grasslands of the Terai in north-eastern India. They appear in Indochina and in southern China.

Subspecies:

Division of Swan

The Division of Swan is an Australian electoral division located in Western Australia. The division is named after the Swan River.

It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. Historically, the electorate was a country seat extending north to Dongara, east to Merredin and south to the coast. New boundaries created a smaller area east of the Darling Range. The old area became the new seat of Moore, while Swan moved to its present position.

It covers the suburbs of Ascot, Beckenham, Belmont, Bentley, Burswood, Cannington, Carlisle, Cloverdale, Como, East Cannington, East Victoria Park, Ferndale, Karawara, Kensington, Kewdale, Langford, Lathlain, Lynward, Manning, Queens Park, Redcliffe, Rivervale, Salter Point, St James, South Perth, Victoria Park, Waterford, Welshpool and Wilson.

Sir John Forrest had been the Premier of Western Australia. His death in 1918 led to a by-election in 1918. Kim Beazley served as a Minister in the Bob Hawke Government. He became Leader of the Opposition from 1996 to 2001, and from 2005 to 2006. He was also Deputy Prime Minister in 1995 and 1996. After retiring from politics he became the Australian Ambassador to the United States.


Nick Mason

Nick Mason (born 27 January 1944) is an English drummer.

Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania

Punxsutawney (; Lenape: Punkwsutènay) is a borough in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is northeast of Pittsburgh. It is most well known for the Groundhog Day tradition and "Punxsutawney Phil", the groundhog that resides there. 

Wabash River

The Wabash River (French: Ouabache) is a river in the Midwestern United States that flows southwest from northwest Ohio near Fort Recovery across northern Indiana to southern Illinois.

It forms the Illinois-Indiana border before draining into the Ohio River, of which it is the largest northern tributary. From the dam near Huntington, Indiana to its terminus at the Ohio River, the Wabash flows freely for .

Sakematsuri

Saijo Sake Festival is a sake festival held in Hiroshima prefecture in west Japan. Sake is Japan's traditional alcoholic drink. The sake festival is held yearly on the second Saturday and Sunday of October. Every year between 100,000 and 200,000 people attend the festival. 

Saijo is famous all over Japan for its sake. There are 10 breweries here. Sake has been made in Saijo since 1650. Visitors may walk from brewery to brewery sampling all the varieties of sake.

During the festival the road from the railway station to Chuo Park is lined with food booths. The park is divided into two sections, east and west. The events on the east side include more food, stages with performers and is free. The west side, called Sake Square, requires an admission ticket which costs 1,800 yen. 

Visitors can try any of over 900 different kinds of sake. On entry to this side, visitors receive a small saki cup they can refill as many times as they like.


Izumo no Okuni

She is from Izumo Taisha shrine in the late 16th century. She was a daughter of Sanemon Nakamura but it is not sure when she was born and died.

She started to dance Kagura-mai and Nenbutsu-odori (two traditional dances) in kimono in order to gather money for repairing Izumo Taisha. Although dance was holy at that time, Okuni went on stage in the highest fashion. She inserted a song and character of ghost on stage. It became popular because it was unique.

At first Okuni danced simple dances. Later, she danced with clothing of a man, and showed at the Kitano Tenmangutemple in 1603. This became the first kabuki. 

Okuni's troupe was exclusively female. Thus, she required her actresses to play both male and female roles. In particular, Okuni herself was best known for her roles as samurai and Christian priests. As her group gained fame, she was copied by many others, particularly brothels. They offered such shows to amuse wealthy clients, and get prostitutes who had marketable acting and singing skills. This new style of exclusively female groups became known as shibai, onnakabuki, (from onna, the Japanese word for "woman" or "girl") and Okuni kabuki.

In 1629, due to public outcry for moral reform, those under the shogun Tokugawa Iemitsu forbade women from performing in kabuki.

Karl H. Pribram

Karl H. Pribram (; ; February 25, 1919 – January 19, 2015) was an Austrian-born American neuroscientist and educator. He taught at Georgetown University, Yale University, Stanford University, and Radford University. He also did a lot of work on the meaning of the limbic system, the relationship of the frontal cortex to the limbic system, cortex discoveries of the parietal and temporal lobes, and the classical motor cortex of the human brain.

Pribram was born in Vienna to a Jewish Czechoslovakian father and an Indonesian mother. He attended school in Gstaad, Switzerland and in Indiana, United States. He was married and had five children.

Pribram died from cancer on January 19, 2015 in Virginia. He was 95.

Andriy Kuzmenko

Andriy "Kuzma" Kuzmenko (; 17 August 1968 – 2 February 2015) was a Ukrainian singer. He was best as the lead singer of the rock band Skryabin, founded in 1989.

Kuzmenko was born in Sambir, Lviv Oblast. He was married to Svetlana and had a daughter, Maria-Barbara, born in 1997.

Kuzmenko died in a car accident on 2 February 2015 in Lozuvatka, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, aged 46.

Swedish Cross-Country Skiing Championships

The Swedish Cross-Country Skiing Championships () were first held in Härnösand in 1910. It originally only featured men's competitions. Women's competitions were introduced in 1917.






County Offaly

County Offaly () is a county of Ireland. County Offaly is in the province of Leinster. It is named after the old kingdom of Uí Failghe. The population of County Offaly is 76,687 as of 2011.

The Central Statistics Office (CSO) estimates that the rise in population in 2006 had 2,026 natural people and 5,179 people who migrated from both Ireland and the world. 

In the 2011 census, 35.7% (27,378) were under the age of 25 and 11.6% (8,909) of people over the age of 65.

Midlands 103 broadcasts in Laois, Offaly and Westmeath is based in Tullamore.

There are a few local newspapers in County Offaly such as The Offaly Independent and the Tullamore Tribune. 

Kummelnäs

Kummelnäs is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,848 people lived there.

Söråker

Söråker is a locality in Timrå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,312 people lived there.

Bergeforsen

Bergeforsen is a locality in Timrå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,563 people lived there.

Stavreviken

Stavreviken is a locality in Timrå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 216 people lived there.

Billingsfors

Billingsfors is a locality in Bengtsfors Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,134 people lived there.

Vidja

Vidja is a locality in Huddinge Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 682 people lived there.

Parksidan

Parksidan is a locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 494 people lived there.

County Wexford

County Wexford () is a county in Ireland. County Wexford is in the province of Leinster. It is named after the county town of Wexford. The population of County Wexford is 145,320 as of 2011. 

Beaches in County Wexford were used to make the movie "Saving Private Ryan".

There is a great singing tradition in County Wexford, especially in traditional music, many of which are about the 1798 rebellion. 


As of 2011 62.1% of people in County Wexford live in rural areas. The remaining 37.9% live in urban areas. 34.3% of the population were under the age of 25 and 12.6% were over the age of 65. 87.9% of County Wexford said in the census that their religion was Roman Catholic. Another 4.2% said they had no religion. Between 2006 and 2011, the population of County Wexford rose by 10% (13,524) people.


Ytternäs och Vreta

Ytternäs och Vreta is a locality in Uppsala Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 636 people lived there.

County Laois

County Laois () is a county of Ireland. County Laois is in the province of Leinster. County Laois takes its name from the medieval kingdom of Loígis. The population of County Laois is 80,559 as of 2011. 

Oblasts of Ukraine

The Oblasts of Ukraine are primary administrative units in Ukraine. There are 24 oblasts in Ukraine. Every oblast is further split into raions.

Berehomet

Berehomet () is town in western Ukraine. The town is on the Siret River. As of 2001, 8,513 people lived in Berehomet.

Rafael Amaya

Rafael Amaya (born on February 28, 1977, Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico), is an Mexican actor and model. He is best known for his character Aurelio Casillas in the series "El Señor de los Cielos'."

Ahmed El Aash

Ahmed Mohamed El Aash (, born June 7, 1992) is an Egyptian football player. He plays as a Centre-back for Ismaily SC in the Egyptian Premier League. He also played for Egypt's national team for people under the age of 20 years.

Storvik

Storvik is a locality in Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,165 people lived there.

Sorunda

Sorunda is a locality in Nynäshamn Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,307 people lived there.

Årsunda

Årsunda is a locality in Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,008 people lived there.

Järbo

Järbo is a locality in Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,801 people lived there.

Kungsgården

Kungsgården is a locality in Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,033 people lived there.

Lidatorp och Klövsta

Lidatorp och Klövsta is a locality in Nynäshamn Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 340 people lived there.

Ösmo

Ösmo is a locality in Nynäshamn Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,911 people lived there. It has a station of the Nynäshamn line of the Stockholm commuter rail.

Stora Vika

Stora Vika is a locality in Nynäshamn Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 651 people lived there.

Charles Swenson

Charles Swenson is a producer and director. He worked with animated film for many years. In 1978 he joined Fred Wolf Films, who worked with the 1987 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles animated series.


Emélie

Emelie or Emélie is a feminine given name:



Ann-Louise

Ann-Louise is a double-name. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Simhadri

Simhadri is a 2003 action drama movie. It was released on 9 July 2003. It became the highest grossing Telugu language movie of 2003.

Alsike

Alsike is a locality in Knivsta Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,681 people lived there. Alsike is located circa 50 kilometers north of Stockholm and 25 kilometers away from the Arlanda Airport. Alsike is located on the Ingegerdsleden, which is a historic pilgrimage route between the Uppsala Cathedral and the Stockholm Cathedral. The Alsike Abbey is also located here. Alsike clover gets its common name from the settlement.

Alstermo

Alstermo is a locality in Uppvidinge Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 829 people lived there.

Annelöv

Annelöv is a locality in Landskrona Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 380 people lived there.

Moheda

Moheda is a locality in Alvesta Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,824 people lived there.

Bara

Bara is a locality in Svedala Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,444 people lived there.

Backa

Backa is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,547 people lived there.

Frillesås

Frillesås is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,044 people lived there.

Berghem

Berghem is a locality in Mark Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 360 people lived there.

Bergshamra

Bergshamra is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 749 people lived there.

Bergvik

Bergvik is a locality in Söderhamn Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 834 people lived there.

Ljusne

Ljusne is a locality in Söderhamn Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,917 people lived there.

Bjursås

Bjursås is a locality in Falun Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,839 people liec tehre.

Bjärnum

Bjärnum is a locality in Hässleholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,674 people lived there.

Monty Oum

Monyreak "Monty" Oum (June 22, 1981 – February 1, 2015) was an American animator. He was known for his crossover fighting videos and worked for Rooster Teeth Productions to animate for "Red vs. Blue" and "RWBY". He began working for Rooster Teeth in 2005.

Oum was born in Providence, Rhode Island. He was of Cambodian, Vietnamese, Chinese and Japanese ancestry. He was married to Sheena Duquette. He died from an allergic reaction as a result of the surgery on February 1, 2015.

Emmaljunga

Emmaljunga is a locality in Hässleholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 262 people lived there. It lies on Highway 117. The highway directly Emmaljunga with Hässleholm in the south.

Björkvik

Björkvik is a locality in Katrineholm Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 492 people lived there. It is mostly a farming community interspersed by forests and lakes and some major estates dated back to the 17th century.

Bohus-Björkö

Bohus-Björkö is a locality in Öckerö Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,427 people lived there.

Bor, Sweden

Bor is a locality in Värnamo Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,256 people lived there.

Bredaryd

Bredaryd is a locality in Värnamo Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,466 people lived there.

Forsheda

Forsheda is a locality in Värnamo Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,459 people lived there.

Rydaholm

Rydaholm is a locality in Värnamo Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,474 people lived there.

Äsköping

Äsköping is a locality in Katrineholm Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 342 people lived there.

Burseryd

Burseryd is a locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 854 people lived there.

Anderstorp

Anderstorp is a locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,965 people lived there.

Skeppshult

Skeppshult is a locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. It is located nearthe Nissan River. In 2010, 365 people lived there.

Hestra

Hestra is a locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,306 people lived there.

Reftele

Reftele is a locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,282 people lived there.

Broaryd

Broaryd is a 171 acre locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 271 people lived there.

Buskhyttan

Buskhyttan is a locality in Nyköping Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 225 people lived there.

Dalarö

Dalarö is a locality in Haninge Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,199 people lived there. It is situated southeast of Stockholm and is part of Metropolitan Stockholm. It serves as a recreational summer resort for people from Stockholm.

Dannemora

Dannemora is a locality and old mining town in Östhammar Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 213 people lived there.

Ekängen

Ekängen is a locality in Linköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,037 people lived there.

List of Irish counties by area

The list below is a list of all the counties of Ireland by area. Counties in the Republic of Ireland are shown in normal type and counties in Northern Ireland are in italics.

Shark fin soup

Shark fin soup (or shark's fin soup) is a popular soup in Chinese cuisine. It is usually served at special occasions such as weddings and banquets. The shark fins provide texture, while the taste comes from the other soup ingredients. The soup was first mentioned centuries ago as a favorite of Chinese Emperors. The soup is expensive but it has a much higher environmental cost. About 70 million sharks a year are killed for their fins. Currently about 25% of sharks are threatened species.

Joe Nichols

Joseph Edward "Joe" Nichols (born November 26, 1976) is an American country music artist. Nichols was born and grew up in Rogers, Arkansas. His father played in a local country music band. As a teenager he played in a rock band and was also a disc jockey. He signed with Intersound Records in 1996 and released his first album the same year. He didn't have his first hit record until 2002, however. In 2003 Nichols was named "Top New Male Vocalist" by the Academy of Country Music. He also received two Grammy Award nominations and a third in 2004.





Ankarsrum

Ankarsrum is a locality in Västervik Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,254 people lived there.

Alby, Ånge

Alby is a locality in Ånge Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 367 people lived there.

Torpshammar

Torpshammar is a locality in Ånge Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 444 people lived there. It was founded in 1797 as an iron milling community.

Alster

Alster is a locality in Karlstad Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 586 people lived there.

Östra Ljungby

Östra Ljungby is a locality in Klippan Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 935 people lived there.

Åsa, Kungsbacka

Åsa is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,369 people lied there.

Värmlandsbro

Värmlandsbro is a locality in Säffle Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2001, 501 people lived there.

Vik, Sweden

Vik is a locality in Simrishamn Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 319 people lived there.

Kivik

Kivik is a locality in Simrishamn Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 960 people lived there. It is in Österlen. Kivik is known for its annual market in July every year.

Vi

Vi is a locality on the island of Alnön in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,997 people lived there.

Valbo

Valbo is a locality in Gävle Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 7,065 people lived there. It is located southwest of Gävle. The Valbo shopping mall is located there.

Vagnhärad

Vagnhärad is a locality in Trosa Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,324 people lived there.

Knutby

Knutby is a locality in Uppsala Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 564 people lived there.

Malexander

Malexander is a minor locality in Boxholm Municipality in Sweden. it is wellknown for the 1999 Malexander Police Murders. The place is located close to the lake of Sommen. It has,a jetty where the steamboat "S/S Boxholm II" stops.

Svartsjö

Svartsjö is a smaller locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in southeastern Sweden.

Ornäs

Ornäs is a locality in Borlänge Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,068 people lived there.

Lotorp

Lotorp is a locality in Finspång Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 701 people lived there.

Urshult

Urshult is a locality in Tingsryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 794 people lived there.

Unnaryd

Unnaryd is a locality in Hylte Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 759 people lived there.

Ulrika

Ulrika is a locality in Linköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 200 people lived there.

Tvååker

Tvååker is the second largest locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,534 people lived there. It is located circa 15 kilometers southeast of Varberg.

Tystberga

Tystberga is a locality in Nyköping Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 828 people lived there.

Malmslätt

Malmslätt is a locality in Linköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,214 people lived there.

Enea Zuffi

Enea Zuffi was an Italian football player. He played as a forward in 21 games. He was born in Turin on 27 December 1891. In the 1912 Summer Olympics, he played for Italy. He died on 14 July 1968.


Vikingstad

Vikingstad is a locality in Linköping Municipality in, Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,096 people lived there.

Tofta

Tofta is a locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 386 people lived there.

Tillberga

Tillberga is a locality in Västerås Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,180 people lived there.

Teckomatorp

Teckomatorp is a locality in Svalöv Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,651 people lived there.

Sörvik

Sörvik is a locality in Ludvika Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 743 peoplie lived there. It is located on the eastern shorelines of the Lake Väsman.

Säve

Säve is a locality in Göteborg Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 743 people lived there.

Sätila

Sätila is a locality in Mark Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,059 people lived there. It is located at the shorelines of lake Lygnern.

Särö

Särö is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,165 people lived there. It is located south of Gothenburg on the Särö peninsula.

Sysslebäck

Sysslebäck is a locality in Torsby Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 527 people lived there.

Svartå

Svartå is a locality in Degerfors Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 495 people lived there.

Svartvik

Svartvik is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 949 people lived there.

Tunadal

Tunadal is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 360 people lived there.

Stockvik

Stockvik is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,359 people lived there.

Sund

Sunden is a locality in Trosa Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 329 people lived there.

Ställdalen

Ställdalen is a locality in Ljusnarsberg Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 539 people lived there.

Strömsholm

Strömsholm is a locality in Hallstahammar Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 664 people lived there.

Stjärnhov

Stjärnhov is a locality in Gnesta Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 549 people lived there.

Spjutsbygd

Spjutsbygd is a locality in Karlskrona Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 383 people lived there.

Skånes-Fagerhult

Skånes-Fagerhult is a locality in Örkelljunga Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 856 people lived there.

Skog

Skog is a locality in Söderhamn Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 302 people lived there.

Sjösa

Sjösa is a locality in Nyköping Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 483 people lived there.

Sankt Olof

Sankt Olof is a locality in Simrishamn Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 624 people lived there. It is located northwest of Simrishamn. It is named after the church. The church is named after Olaf II of Norway. The place was originally called Lunkende.

Kälarne

Kälarne is a locality in Bräcke Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 451 people lived there.

Ryssby

Ryssby is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 707 people lived there. It is located at an altitude of 313 metres (1030 feet). Ryssby lies on the north end of the Ryssby Lake.

Otterbäcken

Otterbäcken is a locality in Gullspång Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. It is located on the shorelines of the lake Vänern. In 2010, 722 people lived there.

Norje

Norje is a locality in Sölvesborg Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 657 people lived there. Starting in 1998, the rock/metal festival Sweden Rock Festival has been held there since then.

Mellbystrand

Mellbystrand is a locality in Laholm Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,619 people lived there.

Långshyttan

Långshyttan is a locality in Hedemora Municipalityin Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,671 people lived there.

Lysvik

Lysvik is a locality in Sunne Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 341 people lived there.

Ljunghusen

Ljunghusen is a locality in Vellinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,555 people lived there. It is located west of Höllviken and east of Skanör-Falsterbo. The place is notable for its beaches and for its golf course.

Lindome

Lindome is a locality in Mölndal Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 13,830 people lived there (11,037 inhabitants in the locality in 2010). Swedish comic creator Rune Andreasson was born there in 1925.

Lima, Sweden

Lima is a locality in Malung-Sälen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 398 people lived there.

Lima (disambiguation)

Lima may refer to:


Lenhovda

Lenhovda is a locality in Uppvidinge Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,744 people lived there.

Älghult

Älghult is a locality in Uppvidinge Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 446 people lived there.

Kovland

Kovland is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 486 people lived there.

Knäred

Knäred is a locality in Laholm Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,088 people lived there. The Treaty of Knäred was signed there in 1613.

Järvsö

Järvsö (), locally known as "Jarse" (), is a locality in Ljusdal Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,407 people lived there.

Jämtön

Jämtön is a locality in Luleå Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 237 people lived there.

Insjön

Insjön is a locality in Leksand Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,149 people lived there.

Hörvik

Hörvik is a locality in Sölvesborg Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 784 people lived there.

Hästholmen

Hästholmen is a locality in Ödeshög Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 342 people lived there.

Hällevik

Hällevik is a locality in Sölvesborg Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 813 people lived there.

Husby

Husby is a locality in Hedemora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 256 people lived there.

Hybo

Hybo is a locality in Ljusdal Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2001, 241 people lived there.

Hoting

Hoting is a locality in Strömsund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 667 people lived there. Hoting was mentioned in documents regarding the Sweden-Norway border rulings in 1273.

Holm

Holm is a locality in Halmstad Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 565 people lived there.

Harbo

Harbo is a locality in Heby Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 721 people lived there.

Hanaskog

Hanaskog is a locality in Östra Göinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,251 people lived there.

Hammenhög

Hammenhög is a locality in Simrishamn Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 908 people lived there.

Hammarby

Hammarby is a locality in Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 552 people lived there.

Haga

Haga is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 257 people lived there.

Hagby

Hagby is a locality in Kalmar Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 689 people lived there.

Hackås

Hackås is a locality in Berg Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 480 people lived there.

Götlunda

Götlunda is a locality in Arboga Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 270 people lived there.

Anand Shukla

Anand Shukla (15 January 1941 – 2 February 2015) was an Indian cricketer. He played first-class cricket for a number of teams in India from 1960 to 1978.

Frank Borghi

Frank Borghi (April 9, 1925 – February 3, 2015) was an American soccer player. He earned nine caps at goalkeeper for the United States national team. He played in the U.S. team's 1-0 victory over the hugely favored English in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.


Gerald Stern

Gerald Stern (February 22, 1925 - October 28, 2022) was an American poet, essayist and educator. He was the author of twenty collections of poetry and four books of essays. Stern taught literature and creative writing at Temple University, Indiana University of Pennsylvania, Raritan Valley Community College, and Iowa Writers' Workshop. 

From 2009, Stern was the distinguished poet-in-residence and a member of the faculty of Drew Universitys graduate program for a Master of Fine Arts (MFA) in poetry. In 2000, New Jersey Governor Christine Todd Whitman appointed Stern as the state's first poet laureate.

Stern's poetry was nominated for and honored with a number of awards. "Leaving Another Kingdom" (1990) was a finalist for the 1991 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry. "This Time: New and Selected Poems" (1998) won the National Book Award in 1998. "American Sonnets" (2002) was a finalist for the 2003 International Griffin Poetry Prize.

Praise for Stern's poetry came late in life. One reviewer called "Lucky Life", published when Stern was over 50, "a cornerstone in American poetry." He died in The Bronx, New York City when he was 97 years old.




Kay Kyser

James Kern "Kay" Kyser (June 18, 1905 – July 23, 1985) was an American bandleader and radio personality. He was known for being the bandleader of "Kollege of Musical Knowledge". Kyser was born in Rocky Mountain, North Carolina.

Kyser died in Chapel Hill, North Carolina from a heart attack at the age of 80.

WrestleMania 32

WrestleMania 32 was the thirty-second yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by WWE. It happened on April 3, 2016 at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. It was the third WrestleMania to take place in Texas. WWE also hoped that WrestleMania 32 would break the record for people to show up at a wrestling event, aiming for 100,000 people at AT&T Stadium. At the event they said 101,763 people showed up at WrestleMania 32, breaking 1987's WrestleMania III's record of 93,173. However, wrestling expert Dave Meltzer said only 93,730 people showed up. This still would break WrestleMania III's record. But Meltzer adds that he believes the record was actually held by SummerSlam's (1992) 79,127 while only 78,000 actually showed up for WrestleMania III. Meltzer has also written that WWE would have said the attendance was higher than it actually was because they didn't want to let their fans down. 

Twelve matches took place at this event and at least two made history. Charlotte went into her match as the WWE Divas Champion, but became WWE Women's Champion at the end of the match and the Divas title has not existed since. After The Rock defeated Erick Rowan, ring announcer Lilian Garcia said that the match ended in six seconds, a WrestleMania record. The previous record was Kane versus Chavo Guerrero, Jr. from WrestleMania XXIV which lasted eleven seconds. 

Fandango, Damien Sandow, Shaquille O'Neil, Big Show, Viktor, Diamond Dallas Page, Konnor, Tatanka, Jack Swagger, R-Truth, Goldust, Curtis Axel, Adam Rose, Heath Slater, Tyler Breeze, Mark Henry, Bo Dallas and Darren Young were also in the Andre the Giant memorial battle royal and they were eliminated in that order.



Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears

Blood, Sweat & Tears is an American jazz fusion band. It formed in 1967.


Michel Rocard

Michel Rocard (; 23 August 1930 – 2 July 2016) was a French politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party (PS). He served as Prime Minister under François Mitterrand from 1988 to 1991.


Édouard Balladur

Édouard Balladur (; born 2 May 1929) is a French politician. He served as Prime Minister of France from 29 March 1993 to 10 May 1995.

Sergio Mattarella

Sergio Mattarella (; born 23 July 1941) is an Italian politician. He became the 12th President of Italy on 3 February 2015. He was a member of Parliament from 1983 to 2008, serving as Minister of Education from 1989 to 1990. He served as Minister of Defence from 1999 to 2001. Later, in 2011, he became a judge on the Constitutional Court. He was re-elected president in 2022, becoming the country's second president to be re-elected.

Hugo Banzer

Hugo Banzer Suárez (May 10, 1926 – May 5, 2002) was a Bolivian politician, military general, and dictator. He was the President of Bolivia. He held the Bolivian presidency twice: from 1971 to 1978, as a dictator; and then again from 1997 to his resignation in 2001.

Banzer was born in Concepción, Santa Cruz. He studied at the School of the Americas. Banzer died on May 5, 2002 in Santa Cruz, Bolivia from lung cancer, aged 75.


Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah

Sabah IV Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah GCB (Hon) (; 16 June 1929 – 29 September 2020) was the 5th Emir of Kuwait and the Commander of the Military of Kuwait. He was sworn in on 29 January 2006 after confirmation by the National Assembly of Kuwait.

In July 2020, Al-Sabah was hospitalized at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota and had surgery. He died on 29 September 2020, aged 91.

Saud of Saudi Arabia

Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (; ; 15 January 1902 – 23 February 1969) was King of Saudi Arabia from 1953 to 1964. His father was King Ibn Saud.

Faisal of Saudi Arabia

Faisal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ( ""; 14 April 1906 – 25 March 1975) was King of Saudi Arabia from 1964 to 1975. He was born on April 14, 1906. He was the third son of Ibn Saud. He became king when his brother Saud resigned.

He was the Saudi foreign minister from 1930 and prime minister from 1954 until his death, except for a two-year break in both positions from 1960 to 1962.

On 25 March 1975, King Faisal was shot point-blank and killed by his half-brother's son, Faisal bin Musaid. Faisal was 68 years old.

Khalid of Saudi Arabia

Khalid bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ( ""; 13 February 1913 – 13 June 1982) was the King of Saudi Arabia from 1975 to 1982. He was the fourth ruler of the country.

Khalid died of a heart attack in Ta'if, Saudi Arabia, aged 69.

Go Set a Watchman

Go Set a Watchman is a book by Harper Lee. It was published on July 14, 2015 by HarperCollins in the United States and by Heinemann in the United Kingdom. It is a sequel to Lee's classic book "To Kill a Mockingbird". It was written before her published novel, "To Kill a Mockingbird". 

Peter Cosgrove

General (Australia) Sir Peter John Cosgrove, (born 28 July 1947) is a retired senior Australian Army officer. He was the 26th Governor-General of Australia from 2014 to 2019.


Frances Oldham Kelsey

Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey PhD MD (July 24, 1914 – August 7, 2015) was an Canadian-American pharmacologist. She was a reviewer for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). She refused to authorize thalidomide for market because she had concerns about the drug's safety.

Her concerns proved to be justified when it was proven that thalidomide caused serious birth defects. As a result of her blocking American approval of thalidomide, Kelsey was awarded the President's Award for Distinguished Federal Civilian Service by President John F. Kennedy, Kelsey retired from the FDA in 2005, at age 90, after 45 years of service.

Kelsey died at her daughter's home in London, Ontario at the age of 101.


Gardnar Mulloy

Gardnar Putnam "Gar" Mulloy (November 22, 1913 – November 14, 2016) was a former U.S. No. 1 tennis player primarily. He was known for playing in doubles matches with partner Billy Talbert. He was born in Washington, D.C.. Mulloy turned 100 in November 2013.

Mulloy died in Miami, Florida on November 14, 2016 from complications of a stroke, aged 102.

Richard L. Bare

Richard Leland Bare (August 12, 1913 – March 28, 2015) is an American director, producer, and screenwriter of television shows. He is known for directing some episodes of the "Twilight Zone" and nearly all of the episodes of the series "Green Acres".

Simon Ramo

Simon "Si" Ramo (May 7, 1913 – June 27, 2016) was an American physicist, engineer, business leader and author. He led development of microwave and missile technology and was sometimes known as the father of the intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). He also developed General Electric's electron microscope. He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Ramo died on June 27, 2016 in Santa Monica, California at the age of 103.

Bobbi Kristina Brown

Bobbi Kristina Brown (March 4, 1993 – July 26, 2015) was an American television personality, heiress and singer. She was the daughter of singers Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown. Brown was born in Livingston, New Jersey.

On February 11, 2012, Brown's mother, Whitney Houston, accidentally drowned in a hotel bathtub.

Brown was found face down in her bath on 31 January 2015 having taken a mixture of drugs including marijuana, alcohol, benzoylecgonine (made from cocaine), benzodiazepine (a sedative) and morphine. She was placed into an induced coma, but did not recover. She died on 26 July 2015 of pneumonia caused by the overdose.

Joe Medicine Crow

Joseph Medicine Crow-High Bird (October 27, 1913 – April 3, 2016) was a Crow historian and author. He was also an enrolled member of the Crow Nation of Native Americans. 

His writings on Native American history and reservation culture are thought to be his best known works, but he was best known for his writings and lectures about the Battle of the Little Bighorn. He was a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Bronze Star Medal, and the Légion d'honneur.

He was a founding member of the Traditional Circle of Indian Elders & Youth. He turned 100 in October 2013. He died in Billings, Montana on April 3, 2016 at the age of 102.

Toronto streetcar system

The Toronto streetcar system is a network of eleven streetcar routes in the Canadian city of Toronto, Ontario. It is by far the largest network of its kind in the Americas. It operates as part of the Toronto Transit Commission's public transport network, and shares a common fare system with buses and subway services.

Unlike modern light rail systems that are becoming more commonplace in North America, streetcars runs on city streets and call at frequent bus-type stops, where the passenger waits on the sidewalk for the next streetcar and pays his or her fare on board the vehicle. There are 685 of these stops, eight of which are shared with and connect to the subway system. The system mainly serves the downtown and waterfront areas of the city, and acts as feeder routes to the subway.

The system, which has been one of the longest in continuous operation, was opened in 1861 as a horse tramway. The system was bought by the Toronto Railway Company in 1891 and it was electrified in 1892. Vehicles run on of tracks with a non-standard gauge of and collect power from overhead lines at 600 V DC using trolley poles mounted on each streetcar.

More than 300,000 people ride the system on an average weekday, and about 100 million on an annual basis, making it among the busiest systems in the world.

Francisco María Oreamuno Bonilla

Francisco María Oreamuno Bonilla (4 October 1801, Cartago, Costa Rica - 23 May 1856) was head of state of Costa Rica from November to December 1844.

Bonilla studied law, but did not complete the course. He still worked as a lawyer, and was later a customs official, a judge, and a regional governor.

In 1843 he was elected to the Constituent Assembly. He was very quickly made Vice President, and was also president of the Congress.

In 1844 he became President and put in place the new Constitution drafted by the Assembly in March 1844. He was opposed by sectors of the Army, led by the military commander general of Costa Rica, General Pinto. After the coup failed, Bonilla removed Pinta from the army. 

He resigned in December, when the after the assembly refused to allow him to use force to settle problem between some of the provinces. His resignation was not accepted, but he was allowed to retire to his hometown. He was replaced on an interim basis by Rafael Mora Murillo and later by José Rafael Gallegos. 

He continued to serve as Vice President, and in 1856, brought in many laws and actions to try to control a cholera epidemic. He got cholera, and died on 23 May 1856.

Muath Al-Kasasbeh

Muath Safi Yousef Al-Kasasbeh (; May 29, 1988 – January 3, 2015) was a Jordanian pilot. He was imprisoned and burnt alive by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.

Al-Kasasbeh was a First Lieutenant in the Royal Jordanian Air Force. The plane he was piloting, an F-16 fighter jet, crashed after mechanical problems on December 24, 2014, though Islamic State claimed it shot his aircraft down. He was captured by Islamic State militants near Raqqa, Syria.

He was threatened with execution, but there were negotiations to release him. However, Islamic State decapitated his co-prisoner, Japanese journalist Kenji Goto, and subsequently burned Al-Kasasbeh to death while he was locked in a cage.

Sajida Mubarak Atrous al-Rishawi

Sajida Mubarak Atrous al-Rishawi ( born c. 1970-4 February 2015) was an Iraqi failed suicide bomber. She has been convicted in the November 9, 2005 Amman bombings in Jordan but survived when her explosive belt failed to detonate. Al-Qaida in Iraq claimed responsibility for the triple bombings that hit three hotels.

She was sentenced to death as a result of her involvement in the hotel suicide bombings. Jordan executed her on February 4, 2015 in response for the execution of Jordanian pilot Muath Al-Kasasbeh by the ISIS terrorist organization. Jordan had expressed willingness to swap al-Rishawi in exchange for the pilot's safe return, however the pilot had already been killed.

Walter Isaacson

Walter Isaacson (born May 20, 1952) is an American businessman and journalist. In 2001 he became Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of CNN. In 2003 he became the President and CEO of the Aspen Institute. He also has been the editor of Time Magazine.

Isaacson has written biographies of Benjamin Franklin, Albert Einstein, Steve Jobs and Henry Kissinger. He also co-authored the book "The Wise Men: Six Friends and the World They Made". In 2012 Time Magazine named him one of the top 100 most influential people in the world.

Isaacson was born on May 20, 1952 in New Orleans, Louisiana. His father Irwin was an engineer. His mother Betsy was a Realtor. Isaacson grew up in New Orleans. He graduated from Harvard University in 1974. Isaacson attended Pembroke College, Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar.

He started as a journalist at "The Sunday Times of London". He returned home to write for "New Orleans Times-Picayune/States-Item." In 1978 he started as a political correspondent for Time Magazine. He became the editor of Time in 1996. After 23 years at the magazine he joined CNN as CEO in 2001. He left in 2001 to head up the Washington DC think tank, The Aspen Institute.

Isaacson is the chairman emeritus of Teach for America. Since 2012 he is the chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Governors. Isaacson is a member of the board for United Airlines and Tulane University. In 2010 he was elected to the Board of Overseers of Harvard University. On 12 May 2014 Isaacson delivered the Jefferson Lecture at the Kennedy Center in Washington DC. It was established by the National Endowment for the Humanities. The high honor is given "for distinguished intellectual achievement in the humanities".

Josephoartigasia

Josephoartigasia is an extinct genus of giant rodent from the Pliocene. It is related to the living pacarana. The genus includes the largest known rodent, "Josephoartigasia monesi". 

The two species would have looked like gigantic pacarana, or capybaras the size of cows. However, Dr Virginie Millien, from McGill University in Montreal, said the mathematical models originally used to calculate the rodent's mass from its skull probably overestimated its body size.

A recent report said it had big front teeth, which it might have used for defence.

Rowland Evans

Rowland Evans (April 28, 1921 - March 23, 2001) was a conservative "Chicago Sun-Times" columnist and co-host of the Cable News Network's (CNN) "Evans & Novak", later "Evans, Novak, Hunt, & Shields". He was also a political analyst for CNN, along with his partner on "Evans and Novak" and at the "Chicago Sun Times", Robert Novak.

Allard Pierson Museum

The Allard Pierson Museum is a archaeological museum in Amsterdam. 
The museum was founded in 1934. It is part of the University of Amsterdam. Since 1976 it has been located the building of the former Dutch bank.

The Allard Pierson Museum is named after Allard Pierson (1831-1896). He was the first professor of archaeology at the University of Amsterdam.


Muiderslot

The Muiderslot is a castle-museum in the Netherlands, in Muiden. It is southeast of Amsterdam. It is one of the better known castles in the Netherlands.

The castle was built in 1280 by Floris V. Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft used to live there. 


Ankarsvik

Ankarsvik is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 944 people lived there.

Hovid

Hovid is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 225 people lived there.

Gustavsberg

Gustavsberg may refer to:


Gustavsberg, Sundsvall Municipality

Gustavsberg is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 254 people lived there.

Universal Esperanto Association

Universal Esperanto Association (in Esperanto , UEA) is the largest organization of Esperanto speakers. Its main office is in Rotterdam, Netherlands and it also has an office at the United Nations building in New York City.

Swiss journalist Hector Hodler with other people founded the Universal Esperanto Association on 28 April in 1908. Today it has around 6,000 individual members and 70 country organizations.


David Duke

David Ernest Duke (born July 1, 1950) is an American white supremacist, and neo-Nazi. He ran for President of the United States in 1988 and again in 1992. He was the subject of controversy because of his claim that Representative Scalise and other Republican leaders had links to him in the past. He was interviewed by Bill O'Reilly on the Fox News Channel and Michael Smerconish on the Cable News Network to discuss this.


International auxiliary language

An International auxiliary language (shortly IAL or auxlang) is a language that is intended for communication between people who have different first languages.

Languages of large societies over the centuries have almost reached the international level, for example Latin, Greek, Standard Arabic, Standard Chinese, English, French, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish.

Some people have turned to the idea of promoting an artificial or constructed language as a possible IAL, for example Esperanto, Ido and Interlingua.


Prague Manifesto (Esperanto)

Prague Manifesto () is a manifesto in which are seven principles for Esperanto movement. It was published during World Esperanto Congress in Prague, Czech Republic in 1996 by the representative of UNESCO and participants of the meeting.

Because the manifesto shows advantages of accepting of Esperanto as international auxiliary language, people consider it as the modern manifesto of finvenkism (the movement which wants Esperanto to be an official international auxiliary language).


HLN (TV network)

HLN (formerly "CNN Headline News") is an American basic cable and satellite television channel. It is owned by CNN, a unit of the Turner Broadcasting System (TBS) division of WarnerMedia. It was first broadcast on television in 1982 as CNN2. The name was changed in 2008 to "HLN". This followed a pattern by Turner properties changing from their full names to acronyms. Turner Broadcasting System was changed to TBS, Turner Network Television became TNT, etc. It still runs quick news reports 24/7. It still has more headline news than its true crime shows.

In the Lonely Hour

In the Lonely Hour is the debut studio album by British singer Sam Smith. It was released in the United Kingdom on 26 May 2014. In the United States, it was released on 17 June 2014.

The album includes the hit singles "Money on My Mind" and "Stay with Me", both of which were number one in the UK; the latter becoming a hit worldwide.

A deluxe edition of the album contains five bonus tracks, including a solo acoustic version of Disclosure's single "Latch" and Naughty Boy's number-one single "La La La", on both of which Smith provided guest vocals.

The New Classic

The New Classic is the debut studio album by Australian rapper Iggy Azalea. The album was released on 21 April 2014, under Island in the US, Virgin EMI in the UK. The album features the Billboard Hot 100 number single "Fancy" which features English singer Charli XCX as well as guest appearances from R&B singer Rita Ora and rapper T.I.. Azalea also stated that the reason why she named it "The New Classic" by saying "I think people think of classic and they think of a Nas record or a Jay-Z record or "The Chronic", what makes something classic is when you hear it and you have that moment that is a time capsule. When I say 'The New Classic,' I just want to make records that give you that moment for fans that they can remember where they were when they heard it."

"The New Classic" received mixed reviews from music critics.

Credits for "The New Classic" adapted from Allmusic.


Rena Owen

Rena Owen (born 22 July 1962 in Bay of Islands, Northland in New Zealand) is a New Zealand actress. She works in movies, television and theatre. She played Beth Heke in "Once Were Warriors". She also played Anna in "Ocean of Pearls" (2007).

The awards Owen has won include:


Tom Schilling

Tom Schilling (born 10 February 1982, Berlin) is a German television and movie actor.


The Amityville Horror (2005 movie)

The Amityville Horror is a 2005 American horror movie. It is a remake of the 1979 movie. Ryan Reynolds plays George Lutz. Chloë Grace Moretz plays Chelsea Lutz. Melissa George plays Kathy Lutz.

The movie is set on Amityville, Long Island, New York in 1974. It was filmed in Chicago.

The movie received negative reviews from critics. However, it made over $108 million overall in the box office


Melissa George

Melissa Suzanne George (born 6 August 1976) is an Australian actress. She played Angel Parrish in "Home and Away". She then moved to the United States. After that, she acted in "Friends", "Grey's Anatomy" and "In Treatment".

George was born in Perth, Western Australia.

Martin Gilbert

Sir Martin John Gilbert, CBE, PC (25 October 1936 – 3 February 2015) was a British historian and honorary Fellow of Merton College, University of Oxford. He was the author of over eighty books, including works on the Holocaust and Jewish history.

Udo Lattek

Udo Lattek (16 January 1935 – 1 February 2015) was a German football player, coach, and TV pundit.

Lattek was one of the most successful coaches in the history of the game, and the most successful coach with German teams, especially Bayern Munich. He won important trophies with Borussia Mönchengladbach and FC Barcelona. He coached Borussia Dortmund, Schalke 04 and 1. FC Köln.

Lattek died of Parkinson's disease in Cologne, Germany, aged 80.


Silvia Pinal

Silvia Pinal Hidalgo (born on September 12, 1931 in Guaymas, Sonora, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and producer. She is one of the most recognized and versatile Mexican actresses. 

Guaymas

Guaymas () is a city in Sonora, Mexico. It is the main port for the state.

Hermosillo

Hermosillo () is a city in Sonora, Mexico. It is the capital and main economic center for the state. It contains almost all of the state's manufacturing and has seventy percent of its population.

Mitchell Langerak

Mitchell James Langerak ( ; born 22 August 1988) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for J1 League club Nagoya Grampus.

Roger Ailes

Roger Eugene Ailes (May 15, 1940 – May 18, 2017) was a Republican political operative. He worked for United States Presidents George H. W. Bush and Richard Nixon. He founded Fox News Network with Rupert Murdoch. He is the president of Fox News Channel. He was chairman of Fox Television Stations Group. Ailes became President of NBC's Cable News and Business Channel in 1993. While working for NBC, he created a cable talk channel called America's Talking in 1994. That channel later became MSNBC. In 1996 he left to join News Corporation, owned by Rupert Murdoch, and launch News Corporation's Fox News Channel. He is Chief Executive Officer of Fox News Network.

Ailes died at his Palm Beach, Florida on May 18, 2017 from subdural hematoma caused by a fall at the age of 77.

CNBC

CNBC (Consumer News and Business Channel) is an American business television network. It is owned and operated by NBC. It was started in 1980 as the "Satellite Program Network". NBC purchased it in 1989 and renamed it CNBC. 

Microsoft Visio

Microsoft Visio is a vector graphics computer program made by Microsoft. The product was firstly made by Shapeware Corporation until it was bought by Microsoft in 2000. The first large version of Visio was sold in 2003. Visio is a popular program for drawing, making charts and flowcharts. Microsoft Visio files use the "VSD" file extension. Microsoft has launched a VSDX extension for Microsoft Visio 2010 and higher.

Vaná

Vanailson Luciano de Souza Alves (born in April 25, 1991), commonly known as Vaná, is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Coritiba.


Game bird

A game bird is any of a number of species of wild birds which are hunted, killed and eaten by humans. Hunting game birds is a sport, and a way of getting food. Usually there are laws which govern the hunting. Usually, guns are used, and so there are gun laws. Also, regulations protect the birds' breeding season, so that another generation of birds will grow to replace the present generation.

Although the birds are wild, most of them are "managed" if they live on estates. Birds which migrate cannot be managed in the same way. Shooting game birds on Scottish estates is for them a major source of income. The managing consists of making sure there are enough birds for the next shooting season. 

In the United Kingdom game is defined in law by the Game Act 1831. It is illegal to shoot game on Sundays or at night. Other (non-game birds) that are hunted for food in the UK are specified under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981. The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) and the Forestry Commission have a big say in how the hunting is regulated.

UK law defines game as including:


Royal Society for the Protection of Birds

The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) is an organisation registered in Great Britain as a charity. It was founded as the Plumage League in 1889 by Emily Williamson.

The RSPB works to promote conservation and protection of birds and the wider environment. It runs public awareness campaigns and petitions, and it operates nature reserves throughout the United Kingdom.

The RSPB has 2,000 employees, 17,600 volunteers and more than a million members (including 150,000 youth members). It is the largest wildlife conservation charity in Europe. The RSPB has many local groups and maintains 200 nature reserves.

The group gained popularity and eventually amalgamated with the Fur and Feather League in Croydon to form the RSPB.

The original members of the RSPB were all women. They campaigned against the fashion of wearing exotic feathers in hats. To this end the Society had two simple rules:
At the time of founding, the trade in plumage for use in hats was very large: in the first quarter of 1884, almost 7,000 bird-of-paradise skins were being imported to Britain, along with 0.4 million birds from the West Indies and Brazil, and 0.36 million birds from British India.

The Society attracted support from some women of high social standing who belonged to the social classes that popularised the wearing of feathered hats, including the Duchess of Portland (who became the Society's first President) and the Ranee of Sarawak. The organisation began to attract the support of many other influential figures, both male and female, such as the ornithologist Professor Alfred Newton. The society received a Royal Charter in 1904 from Edward VII. It petitioned Parliament to introduce laws banning the use of plumage in clothing.

Eddie Boyd

Edward Riley Boyd (later Eddie Boyd; November 25, 1914 – July 13, 1994) was an American blues pianist. He wrote and recorded the songs "Five Long Years" (1952) "24 Hours" (1953) and "Third Degree" (also 1953).

He later moved to Europe because he was tired of the racial discrimination in the United States.

He was born in Clarksdale, Mississippi. He died in Helsinki, Finland. 

I Want It That Way

"I Want it That Way" is a dance-pop ballad from Backstreet Boys. It is about a relationship that is troubled by emotional or physical distance. In the United States, the song peaked at #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It hit #1 in many other countries.

The song was nominated for three Grammy Awards.

It was released in April 1999.

William S. Paley

William Samuel Paley (September 28, 1901 – October 26, 1990) was an American businessman, philanthropist, broadcaster and founder of CBS. He was a Chicago-born cigar salesman. In 1928 he purchased a small group of radio stations. From that start he built CBS into a dominant force in radio and television.

Paley died in New York City on October 26, 1990 from kidney failure, aged 89.

Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely

"Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely" is a pop ballad from the Backstreet Boys. The song is about missing someone you love and asking the meaning of living a lonely life. On the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100, the song hit #6. It hit #2 on the Hot Adult Contemporary Chart.

The song was released on December 21, 1999.

Henri Coppens

Henri 'Rik' François Louis Coppens (29 April 1930 – 5 February 2015) was a Belgian footballer. He played as a striker. He played 389 games and scored 261 goals for Beerschot AC. Coppens won the first Belgian Golden Shoe in 1954.

For many he's unknown but for others he's the famous creator of the 'Johan Cruyff' penalty.

5 June, 1957, Belgium was facing Iceland in a World Cup Qualification match. The match started perfectly for Les Diables Rouges who soon were leading the game by a ludicrous 6-1 against a weak and pretty much unknown adversary who still had to face over forty-five minutes of pain.

In the 44th minute of the game, near the end of the first-half, referee whistles for what would be one of the best penalties of the entire history. 'Rik' Coppens was the one chosen to be the executioner of it but instead of shooting directly to the net, he passed to his teammate André Piters who shot for the 7-1. The game didn't ended there, the second half was open for more goals, specially for Iceland, but were not enough to change a sure winner since it ended with a magnificent 8-3 and with a penalty that changed an entire nation of football lovers since then.

This particular way of scoring a penalty, the two-man penalty, was remade by many over the years, and even failed by many like Thierry Henry and Robert Pirès, but when someone talks about this particular style of scoring there is one name that immediately pops up – Johan Cruyff. A player who, with the help of his teammate Jasper Olsen, when both were players of Ajax, scored one of this amazing penalties against .

Cruyff passed the ball to Jasper who then passed it back to a magnificent and cruel finish that many will remember for years.

After his career as a player, he became a coach with Tubantia Borgerhout (1970-1971), Berchem (1971-1974 and 1977-1981), Beerschot (1974-1977 and 1981-1984) and Club Brugge (1981).

Mexico, Maine

Mexico is a town in Oxford County, Maine, United States. The population was 2,756 at the 2020 census.

Wes Cooley

Wester Shadric "Wes" Cooley (March 28, 1932 – February 4, 2015) was an American politician and rancher. Cooley was a member of the Republican. He was a U.S. Representative from for the 1995–1997 term. Cooley was born in Los Angeles, California.

Cooley died on February 4, 2015 in Bend, Oregon.

Fitzhugh L. Fulton

Fitzhugh L. "Fitz" Fulton, Jr. (June 6, 1925 – February 4, 2015) was an American civilian research pilot at NASA's Dryden Flight Research Center, Edwards, California. He worked at NASA from August 1, 1966 until July 3, 1986. Before working at NASA, Fulton served as a pilot in the U.S. Air Force for 23 years.

Mary Healy

Mary Healy (April 14, 1918 – February 3, 2015) was an American actress and singer. She was known for her roles in "Second Fiddle", "Star Dust", and in "The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T". Healy was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Healy died in Calabasas, California from natural causes, aged 96.


K. N. Choksy

Kairshasp Nariman Choksy, PC, MP (7 February 1933 – 5 February 2015) (known as "K. N. Choksy") was a Sri Lankan lawyer and politician. He was a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
He was Cabinet Minister of Finance under Prime Minister Ranil Wickremasinghe. He had also served as Cabinet Minister of Constitutional & State Affairs from 1993 to 1994 under President D. B. Wijetunga and was a member of parliament from 1989 to 2010.

Street theatre

Street theatre is a form of theatre performed outdoors. Actors take their performances to street corners, town squares, and markets. They work in public places putting on plays Generally they perform without a paying audience but depend on money dropped in a hat. Street theatre ranges from individual performances to acting companies. In Guerrilla theatre the actors are usually not professionals. They often take on social and political issues. Street theatre uses a minimum of props, costumes and sets. They often have no microphones. This means the actors have to be loud enough for the audience to hear them. It has different names in different places. In Singapore for example it is called street opera.

Metro-North Railroad

The Metro-North Commuter Railroad, or Metro-North, is a suburban commuter rail service in New York. It is run by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA). It is the second largest commuter railroad in the United States. Metro–North goes from New York City to the New York Hudson Valley. It also has stops in Connecticut. Riding Metro-North in New York City costs less than riding it outside the city. There are 122 stations. There are five Metro-North Railroad lines. It has over of track. The lines are more than long.

The MTA also operates New York City Transit subways and buses, and the Long Island Rail Road. It has jurisdiction, through Metro-North, over railroad lines on the western and eastern portions of the Hudson River in New York State. Service on the western side of the Hudson is operated by New Jersey Transit under contract with the MTA. Metro-North operates 124 stations. 

The rolling stock used on the Harlem and Hudson lines consists of Budd M3As and Bombardier M7As, similar to LIRR trains, on the electrified portions of the lines, with Bombardier Shoreliner coaches pulled by GE Genesis and Brookville BL20GH locomotives on the electrified portions. The New Haven Line uses catenary wire since it’s route is shared with Amtrak; they use Kawasaki M8 EMUs on main line and New Canaan branch, and Shoreliner coaches pulled by GE and Brookville locomotives on the Danbury and Waterford branches.

Brown bread

Brown bread is a name for breads made with a lot of whole grain flour with usually rye or wheat. There are sometimes dark-coloured ingredients such as molasses or coffee.

White bread

White bread are breads made with a light color flour. The flour used in white breads may be bleached or lightened by chemicals like potassium bromate, azodicarbonamide, or chlorine dioxide.

Nutella

Nutella is the brand name of an Italian sweetened hazelnut chocolate spread. Manufactured by the Italian company Ferrero, it was introduced to the market in 1964. Nutella has 200 calories per jar.

"Pietro Ferrero", Nutella's creator, owned a bakery in Alba, an Italian town known for the production of hazelnuts. In 1946, he sold the first () batch of , taken from Gianduja. Originally sold as a solid block, Ferrero started to sell a creamy version in 1951 as "".

Even though Nutella is one of the best-selling spreads in the world, with a jar of Nutella being sold about every 2.5 seconds, it's been shown to be very bad for human health when eaten regularly. In just two tablespoons of Nutella, there are 21 grams of refined sugar, as well as 11 grams of fat (3.5 grams are saturated fat.) Nutella also has soy lecithin and vanillin, which are chemicals that are bad for human health. The only good thing about Nutella is that Nutella contains hazelnuts.

Kevin Stemke

Kevin Stemke (born November 23, 1978) is a retired American football punter. He played eight games in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Oakland Raiders in 2002 and the St. Louis Rams in 2004. Stemke was born in Green Bay, Wisconsin. He is the son of U.S. Olympic soccer player Horst Stemke.

He played college football with the University of Wisconsin Badgers. During his first year, Stemke set the team punting record while averaging 43.9 yards per kick and in his second year, he was able to make the first team in the Big Ten Conference. In his senior year, he was able to break his own school record and averaged 44.5 yards per punt which was also the third best in the United States. He was awarded the very first Ray Guy Award for being the nation's top punter.

Stemke went undrafted in the 2001 NFL Draft but he was signed by the Green Bay Packers on April 23, 2001. The Raiders signed Stemke in August 2002. He played two games with them before he was cut from the team. He was then signed by the Miami Dolphins in January 2003. The Dolphins would send send him to play for the Scottish Claymores of the NFL Europe but they waived him before the start of the NFL regular season. The Washington Redskins cut Stemke along with 13 other players on August 30, 2004.

After being cut, Stemke was signed by the St. Louis Rams in November 2004 in replace of Sean Landeta. The Rams released him before the start of the 2005 season in favor of Reggie Hodges.

Stemke has an award named after him and it is awarded to the Wisconsin high school senior kicker/punter.

Andrew Heyward

Andrew John Heyward (born October 29, 1950) is an independent media consultant in Manhattan, New York. Heyward is a principal in MarketspaceNext LLC and in his own practice, Heyward Advisory LLC. He is a senior advisor to Monitor Deloitte. Before this, he was President of CBS News from January 1996 to November 2005. Before that he was an executive producer for the CBS Evening News (October 1994-January 1996). He has won 12 national Emmy Awards.

Heyward was born in New York. His parents were E. J. R. and Elisabeth Heyward. In 1972 he graduated magna cum laude from Harvard University. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in history and literature. Heyward is a member of Phi Beta Kappa.

He was going to go to law school but took a job as a production assistant at WNYW-TV in New York. He became a producer. He then was hired by WCBS and became the news producer within a year. In 1981 he took a job as a field producer at CBS. In 1984 he was promoted to senior producer of the CBS Evening News. In 1986 he was senior broadcast producer of the CBS Evening News With Dan Rather. In 1994 he became the vice president of CBS News and executive producer of the CBS Evening News. He became president of CBS News in January 1996.


Marisa Del Frate

Marisa Del Frate (11 March 1931 – 6 February 2015) was an Italian actress, singer and television personality.

She died in Rome on 6 February 2015 of cancer of unknown primary origin, aged 83.


Shawn Mullins

Shawn Mullins (born March 8, 1968) is an American rock singer-songwriter. He is best known for his 1998 single "Lullaby". The song was able to reach #1 on the Adult Top 40 and was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Male Pop Vocal Performance. He also played in the band The Thorns before they broke up in 2004.

He was born in Atlanta, Georgia. Earlier in his life, Mullins served as an inactive Infantry officer in the Individual Ready Reserve component of the U.S. Army Reserve. He reached the rank of 1st lieutenant before he fulfilled his service obligation and resigned honorably.



Les Moonves

Leslie Roy "Les" Moonves (born 6 October 1949) was President and chief executive officer (CEO) of CBS Corporation. Moonves was born in New York City. He is a former vice-president of Lorimar Productions. In 1995 he resigned as president of Warner Brothers Television and became president of CBS Productions. In 2003 he became CEO of CBS Television. From 2003 he has been CEO of CBS Corporation. In 2016, he became Chairman and resigned in September 2018 after multiple women accused him of sexual harassment.

In July 2018, "The New York Times" reported that Moonves would be the subject of an investigation by the board of directors of CBS. According to "The New Yorker", six women accuse Moonves of sexual harassment and intimidation.

In September 2018, "The New Yorker" reported that six more women had raised accusations against Moonves, going back to the 1980s. He resigned as Chair later that day. As of February 8, 2019, Moonves is now head of his own company in West Hollywood, California, named Moon Rise Unlimited.

Joe Scarborough

Charles Joseph "Joe" Scarborough (born April 9, 1963) is an American television host, attorney, liberal political commentator and former politician who is the host of Morning Joe on National Broadcasting Company's (NBC) sister network MSNBC (Microsoft NBC). He previously hosted Scarborough Country on the same network. As a member of the Republican Party, he was a former member of the United States House of Representatives.

On July 11, 2017, Scarborough announced on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert that he was leaving the Republican party to become an independent.

Meg Cabot

Meg Cabot (born Meggin Patricia Cabot on February 1, 1967) is an American writer. She writes romantic and paranormal fiction for teenagers and adults. She has published over fifty books. She is best known for "The Princess Diaries". A movie was made based on that book.

Cabot was born in Bloomington, Indiana.

Lili Taylor

Lili Anne Taylor (born February 20, 1967) is an American actress. She appeared in many independent movies. She was also in big budget movies including "Ransom" (1996) and "The Conjuring" (2013). She played Grace Stalker in "Arizona Dream". She played Jojo Barbosa in "Mystic Pizza" in 1988.

Taylor was born in Glencoe, Illinois.

Johannedal

Johannedal is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,754 people lived there.

Juniskär

Juniskär is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 397 people lived ther.

Nedansjö

Nedansjö is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 257 people lived there.

John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts

The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (commonly called the Kennedy Center) is a performing arts center in Washington, D.C. The Center opened on September 8, 1971. It shows theater, dance, ballet, orchestral, chamber, jazz, popular, and folk music performances.

It is the busiest performing arts center in the United States of America. Each year, it hosts about 2,000 performances, and almost two million people watch one of these performances. The Center presents music, dance, and theater to the public; helps artists make new works and does arts education.

The "National Cultural Center Act" of Congress in 1958 requires that its programming must be paid for through private money. The center is a public-private partnership. It mostly gets its money from ticket sales and gifts from individuals, corporations, and private foundations. It also gets federal funding each year to pay for the maintenance and operation of the building. It is both the nation's public memorial to President John F. Kennedy and the "national center for the performing arts."

The building was designed by architect Edward Durell Stone, built by Philadelphia contractor John McShain, and is administered by a bureau of the Smithsonian Institution.

In 1933, First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt first had the idea for the center. It was during the Great Depression, and she thought the government should provide jobs for unemployed actors. In 1935 and 1938, the United States Congress talked about making a building for it in Washington D.C., but the only thing they did was add a small auditorium to the Library of Congress.

In 1950, Representative Arthur George Klein proposed a bill to build a cultural center. Congress debated the bill between 1955 and 1958. The bill was passed in summer 1958 and President Dwight D. Eisenhower signed it into law on September 4, 1958.

This was the first time that the federal government provided money for a structure dedicated to the performing arts. It cost a total of $70 million to build it. Congress gave most of the money, but donations from foundations, individuals, and businesses were also given.

Edward Durell Stone was chosen as the architect.

Construction of the building began on December 11, 1965.

The first performance was September 5, 1971, with a premiere of Leonard Bernstein's "Mass" in the Opera House. The Center officially opened on September 8, 1971, with a formal gala and premiere performance of the Bernstein "Mass". The Concert Hall was first used on September 9, 1971, and the Eisenhower Theater was first used on October 18, 1971.

It was first called The National Cultural Center, but it was renamed the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in 1964, to honor John F. Kennedy after his assassination.

By 1990, the Kennedy Center facility was in bad condition. In 1991 and 1992, Congress recommended that $27.7 million be spent to restore the center and improve handicapped access. There were more improvements between 1995 and 2005.

Each year since 1978, the Kennedy Center Honors have been awarded by the Center's Board of Trustees. Each year, five artists or groups are honored for the contributions that they have made throughout their life to American culture and the performing arts. They are awarded to people in dance, music, theater, opera, film, and television. The Center has awarded the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor since 1998.

The Department of VSA (Very Special Arts) and Accessibility (formerly VSA Arts) is an international nonprofit organization. It was started in 1974 by Ambassadress Jean Kennedy Smith. It helps people with disabilities learn through, participate in, and enjoy the arts. VSA provides educators, parents, and artists with resources to support arts programming in schools and communities. VSA also shows the works of artists with disabilities. Affiliated with the Kennedy Center since 2005, VSA was official merged into the organization in 2011 to become part of the Center's Department of VSA and Accessibility.

Before 1980, the board of directors and its chairman were in charge of the day-to-day operations of the center. Other parts of the center's programming and operations were overseen by other people.

Currently, the artistic director is in charge of artistic programming, the center's president is in charge of the center's day-to-day operations, and The Kennedy Center Board of Trustees is in charge of the building.


Utansjö

Utansjö is a locality in Härnösand Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 209 people lived there. It is located close to the High Coast Bridge.

Glanshammar

Glanshammar is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 727 people lived there.

Life (disambiguation)

Life is a quality of something that has biological processes, for example an animal or plant. It might also refer to:


Sin (disambiguation)

A sin is a morally wrong act.

Sin, sins, or SIN might also refer to:

Orlando Brown

Orlando Brown (born December 4, 1987) is an American actor and rapper. He is best known for his roles as Eddie Thomas on the teen sitcom "That's So Raven", the voice of Sticky Webb on the animated series "The Proud Family", and as the voice of Cornelius Filmore on the animated series "Fillmore!". Brown is also a singer and released his debut album "Trade It All" in 2006. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

On February 29, 2016, Brown was arrested in Torrance, California, and charged with misdemeanor, domestic battery, obstruction of justice, drug possession with intent to sell, and having contraband in jail.

On January 18, 2018, Brown was arrested again, this time in Barstow, California after an alleged family dispute including an argument with a girlfriend. He was charged with battery of a spouse, resisting a police officer, and possession of a controlled substance. He was booked into the Barstow Jail on the same day.

On June 5, 2018, Brown was arrested for a third time in Las Vegas after the police witnessed him walking in and out of a motel with a high drug and prostitution area. He was stopped but refused to cooperate and was thus cuffed. Brown was found to have possessed bags of drugs which were identified as crack. Brown was booked on felony narcotics possession, misdemeanor, drug paraphernalia, and resisting a police officer.

On September 2, 2018, Brown was arrested for a fourth time after breaking into his friend's restaurant and trying to change the locks.


Lizabeth Scott

Lizabeth Virginia Scott (September 29, 1922 – January 31, 2015) was an American actress and singer. 

Scott specialised in film noir roles of the 1940s and early 1950s. She was known for her roles in "The Strange Love of Martha Ivers" (1946) with Barbara Stanwyck, "Dead Reckoning" (1947) with Humphrey Bogart, "Desert Fury" (1948) with John Hodiak, and "Too Late for Tears" (1949) with Don DeFore. Scott was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Of her 22 feature films, she was leading lady in all but one. In addition to stage and radio, she appeared on television from the late 1940s to early 1970s.

Scott died of congestive heart failure at the age of 92 on January 31, 2015 in Los Angeles, California.

Rebel Without a Cause

Rebel Without a Cause is a 1955 American drama movie directed by Nicholas Ray. It was produced by David Weisbart. It was written by Stewart Scott and Irving Shulman. It stars James Dean, Natalie Wood, and Sal Mineo. It was released on October 27, 1955.

Pedro León Zapata

Pedro León Zapata (February 27, 1929 – February 6, 2015) was a prominent Venezuelan artist, humorist and cartoonist. He was born in La Grita, Táchira.

Zapata died in Caracas, Venezuela at the age of 85.


Richard Bonehill

Richard Bonehill ( – 4 February 2015) was a British actor and stuntman. He was also a swordsman. He played a number of different character extras in "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi", most notably the alien Nien Nunb.

Stewart Stern

Stewart Henry Stern (March 22, 1922 – February 2, 2015) was a two-time Oscar-nominated and Emmy award winning American screenwriter. He was best known for writing the screenplay for the iconic movie "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955), starring James Dean.

Alan Nunnelee

Patrick Alan Nunnelee (October 9, 1958 – February 6, 2015) was an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2011 until his death in 2015.

Before being a representative, he served in the Mississippi State Senate, representing the 6th district, from 1995 to 2011. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Nunnelee died in his birthplace of Tupelo, Mississippi from brain cancer, aged 56.

Stratford International station

Stratford International is a railway station, located in Stratford, London, in the United Kingdom. It was originally planned and built for trains running through the Channel tunnel, but these trains currently do not stop there. It should not be confused with Stratford station, about away. The Docklands Light Railway, and various regional trains also stop at Stratford International.

Annika Evaldsson

Annika Evaldsson, born 14 May 1970 in Åsarna, Sweden, is a Swedish cross country skier. She competed at international top level from 1992 to 2002. Her best World Cup finish was seventh in a sprint event in Sunne in Sweden on 11 March 1997.

During the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, she finished 25th in the 5 kilometers event and 29th in both the 5 km + 10 kilometers combined pursuit and the 15 kilometers events. Her best finish during the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was when she ended up 14th in the 5 kilometer event at Trondheim in 1997.

During Swedish national championships she won the 5 kilometers events in the years of 1996 and 1997 and the sprint event in the year 2000. She was also part of Sollefteå SK's 3 x 5 kilometers relay-winning team in the years of 1994 and 1995. In the year 2000 she won Tjejvasan.


Sofia Bleckur

Sofia Bleckur, born 3 July 1984, is a Swedish former cross-country skier. She competed at World Cup level. At club level she competed for IFK Mora. She won Tjejvasan in 2005 and 2014. She announced her retirenment from cross-country skiing on 5 August 2015.

Carina Görlin

Carina Görlin, born 17 February 1963 in Borlänge, Sweden, is a Swedish former cross country skier. She competed at international top level from 1991 to 1994. She participated during at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville. She there had her best career finish of seventh in the 4 x 5 kilometers relay event. Her best individual finish was the 14th position during the 5 kilometers race.

Her best result during the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was when she ended up 10th in the 15 kilometers event in Val di Fiemme in 1991. Her best World Cup finish was two 12th places. They both occurred at 5 kilometers events in 1991.

In 1993, she won Tjejvasan.


Gällivare Church

The Gällivare Church () is a wooden church building in Gällivare in Sweden. It belongs to the Gällivare Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated in February 1882. It then replaced an older church.

Stinsen Arena

Stinsen Arena is an indoor bandy venue in Nässjö in Sweden. Construction began on 27 April 2012. The arena was opened on 6 October 2012. 

The first game inside the arena was played on 11 October 2012. In that game, Nässjö IF lost, 2-7, to Vetlanda BK.

Jönköpings idrottshus

Jönköpings idrottshus, nicknamed Kåken, is a sports hall in Väster in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It was opened on 19 November 1939 with a handball game between GoIF Fram and IFK Kristianstad. It also acts as home ground for club teams like Jönköping City IBK (floorball), IK Cyrus T/S, IF Hallby (handball), Jönköpings IK (floorball) and KFUM Jönköping.

Following criticism for being "too old" by the early 2000s, it was renovated and reopened on 8 September 2012.

Råslätts IP

Råslätts IP is a sports ground in Råslätt in Jönköping in Sweden. It is mostly used for bandy, soccer and track and field athletics. It serves as home ground for Jönköping Bandy IF's bandy team and Råslätts SK's soccer team. The artificial ice rink was onoened on 15 January 1988. There are plans to build a multi arena with a indor bandy venue. It was originally thought to have been completed by 2009.

At Råslätts IP, international bandy games have been played between Sweden and Russia in 1993 (Swedish victory, 4-1) and 1997 (Swedish victory, 6-4). The seating capacity is 3,000 spectators.

On 19 January 2013, a practice game was played yhere where Månsarps IF defeated the Canadian national team 6-1., On 21 January the same year another similair game was played where Jönköping Bandy IF won, 5-4, over the Team USA.

GoIF Fram

GoIF Fram is a sports club in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It was established in 1921. It played in the Swedish men's handball top division during the 1939-1940 season. The club later became more focused on bowling. The bowling section was established on 1 april 1960.


Ornäs BK

Ornäs BK is a soccer club in Ornäs in Sweden. In was established in 1982. The women's team played in the Swedish top division in 1999. The women's soccer section was inactive for a while during the first decade of the 2000's. The women's soccer was then restarted.


IBF NB 87

IBF NB 87 was a floorball club in the town of Karlstad in Sweden. It was established as a merger out of the Norrstands IF and Bengens IBF floorball sections in 1987. In 2001 it merged with Sjöstads IF, establishing Karlstads IBF.

The men's team played the 1996 Swedish national championship finals. They lost to Balrog IK.

Sjöstads IF

Sjöstads IF is a floorball club in the town of Karlstad in Sweden. It was established in 1977 as a soccer club. In 1984 the floorball section was started. The soccer section was later disestablished. During the 1990's, both the men's and the women's teams played in the Swedish top division. The women's team even won the 1993-1994 Swedish national championship.

From the 2001-2002 season, the club became inactive. Instead, the club played floorball together with IBF NB 87 under the name Karlstads IBF. From the 2005-2006, Sjöstads IF as a club returned.


Guldstaden IB

Guldstaden IB was a floorball club in the town of Skellefteå in Sweden. The men's team played 9 seasons in the Swedish top division, starting in 1989/1990. During the 1991/1992 season the team reached the Swedish national championship quarterfinals. However, they lost to IBK Lockerud, and the upcoming season the same thing happened again. This time, however, they lost against Balrog IK.

Olofströms IBK

Olofströms IBK is a floorball club in Olofström in Sweden. it was established in 1986. The men's team played in the Swedish top division during the 1989-1990 season.


Santaworld

Santaworld () is a Santa Claus-based theme park. It is based upon the myth that Sweden is the place for Santa's workshop. It is located on the Gesunda Mountain south of Mora in Sweden. It was opened on 8 December 1984.

André Brink

André Philippus Brink, (29 May 1935 – 6 February 2015) was a South African novelist. He wrote in both Afrikaans and English and was a Professor of English at the University of Cape Town.

Brink died on 6 February 2015 at the age of 79 on a flight from Belgium, where he had received an honorary doctorate from the Belgian Francophone Université Catholique de Louvain, to South Africa.

Assia Djebar

Assia Djebar () is the pen name of Fatima-Zohra Imalayen (30 June 1936 – 6 February 2015) was an Algerian novelist, translator and filmmaker. 

She was known for writing books about feminism. She was elected to the Académie française on 16 June 2005, the first writer from the Maghreb to achieve such recognition. For the entire body of her work she was awarded the 1996 Neustadt International Prize for Literature.

Djebar died in Paris, aged 78.

Uppsala City IBK

Uppsala City IBK was a floorball club in the town of Uppsala in Sweden. The men's team played in the Swedish top division during the 1990s. During the same decade, the women's team took over Storvreta IBK's place in the Swedish league system. The women's team's played successful during Swedish championship playoffs during the 1996-1997 season. During that season, the women's team won the first semifinal game against Högdalens IBF. However, they totally lost the semifinal series.

Liberty Heights

Liberty Heights is a 1999 American comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Barry Levinson and was produced by both Barry Levinson and Paula Weinstein. "Liberty Heights" was released on November 17, 1999. The movie was written by Levinson and it is semi-autobiographical account of his time growing up in Baltimore during the 1950s.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 87% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


IBK Sundsvall

IBK Sundsvall was a floorball club in Sundsvall in Sweden. It was established in 1986. The men's team played in the Swedish top division during the 1990's. In 2006 the club merged with IBK Nordic becoming Sundsvall City.

In 1991 the club also played soccer in the men's Division 6.

Since You Went Away

Since You Went Away is a 1944 drama movie. This movie is about life during World War II. Shirley Temple plays Bridget. Claudette Colbert plays Mrs. Anne. Jennifer Jones plays Jane. This movie was released on July 20, 1944. In 1945, the movie won the Academy Award for Best Music, Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture and was nominated for 8 others.


Tenhults IBK

Tenhults IBK was a floorball club in Tenhult in Sweden. It was established in 1988.

The men's team played in the Swedish top division during the 1989-1990 season.

Later, Tenhults IF began to play floorball instead.

Caracara (subfamily)

Caracara are birds of prey in the family Falconidae. They live in South and Central America, and the southern USA. Mostly they are not fast fliers, and are scavengers. One species, the red-throated caracara, eats insects and the larvae of bees and wasps.

Their classification is somewhat unclear, but some sources say there are five living genera and 11 species. They were all originally put within the genus "Polyborus". Extinct species have been found in the La Brea tar pits.


Carlskrona IF

Carlskrona IF is a floorball club in the town of Karlskrona in Sweden. It was established in 1988. The men's team played in the Swedish top division during the 1990's. The men's team won a bronze medal at the Swedish national championship playoffs during the 1992-1993 and 1993-1994 seasons.

Instinct (movie)

Instinct is a 1999 American psychological thriller movie. It was directed by Jon Turteltaub and was produced by Michael Taylor and Barbara Boyle. "Instinct" was released on June 4, 1999. It was the first movie to be produced by Spyglass Entertainment after Caravan Pictures shut down.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 27% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It was also a box office bomb and was only able to gain $34,105,207 of its $80 million budget. The movie won the Genesis Award for Best Feature at the 2000 Genesis Awards.


Dry mouth

Xerostomia, or dry mouth, also dry mouth syndrome, is dryness in the mouth. It may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva, reduced salivary flow (also hyposalivation), or dehydration. Causes of hyposalivation include dental caries, oral candidiasis, damage to salivary glands, or certain other causes. Certain drugs or medications may also cause dry mouth as a side effect.

Minor cases of dry mouth can be treated at home by hydration, re-balancing the minerals in the body, and avoiding acidic foods. More severe cases may need to be looked at by a doctor.

Rättvik Arena

Rättvik Arena is an indoor bandy venue and event arena for music and culture in Rättvik in Sweden. It was opened on 13 June 2010 with performances by music artsts like Kalle Moraeus and Ola Svensson. The arena was completed already by November 2009.

The arena originally planned to be taken into use for the 2009/2010 season.

Slättbergshallen

Slättbergshallen is a sports venue in the town of Trollhättan in Sweden. It was opened on 14 November 2009. It consists of an ice skating and an indoor bandy venue and an indoor ice hockey rink.


Jeff Smith

Jeffrey L. "Jeff" Smith (January 22, 1939 – July 7, 2004) was an American chef. He wrote several best-selling cookbooks. Smith was the host of "The Frugal Gourmet", a long running American cooking show. He was called "the most visible gourmet" of the 1980s by Time Magazine.

Smith was born in Tacoma, Washington on January 22, 1939. He graduated from the University of Puget Sound with a degree in philosophy and sociology in 1962. When he graduated from Drew University in 1965, Smith began teaching cooking classes to his students called "Food as Sacrament and Celebration", and was ordained as a minister in the United Methodist church. Smith came back to the University of Puget Sound, to become a chaplain of Aldergate Methodist Church in 1966, and married his wife Patricia "Patty" Smith that same year. In 1972, Smith and his students opened and ran a deli and kitchen supply store in Tacoma, Washington, called Chaplain's Pantry Restaurant and Gourmet Shop. In 1973, Smith began his television career with his first cooking show, "Cooking Fish Creatively", on a local Tacoma, Washington PBS station, KTPS-TV. The first six episodes of "Cooking Fish Creatively" were broadcast in black and white, and then, the station began using federal grant for color cameras, because Smith was asked to design a new cooking show, he called it "The Frugal Gourmet". The name was suggested by his wife, Patty. The program was later moved to WTTW-TV in Chicago, and then, by KQED in San Francisco, and A La Carte Communications, where it aired nationally on PBS from 1983 to 1997. Known himself as "The Frugal Gourmet", Smith's nickname quickly became "The Frug". Smith always appeared wearing his "trademark" blue and white striped apron. His first cookbook, "Recipes from The Frugal Gourmet", was published in 1977. The theme music for "The Frugal Gourmet" was the Bourree movement from "Water Music" by George Frideric Handel. When Jeff Smith released his first hardcover cookbook in 1984, he hit the talk show circuit.

In 1981, Smith had heart valve surgery. He was forced to sell the Chaplain's Pantry to pay the huge medical costs. In 1983, he was interviewed on the Phil Donahue show promoting his paperback cookbook. After that, Smith sold 45,000 copies at $4.75 each. The profits allowed him to get out of debt. In 1983, PBS station WTTW in Chicago picked up his show and aired it nationally. The show aired for 14 years, a total of 261 episode. Smith ended every episode of "The Frugal Gourmet" by saying, "Until I see you again, this is the Frugal Gourmet. I bid you peace, bye-bye". Smith was also quoted as saying "frugal does not mean cheap." He explained, "A frugal gourmet is a thrifty person who enjoys good food."

Smith appeared in television commercials for Columbia Crest Wines. In 1995, Smith hosted "The Frugal Gourmet Keeps the Feast" for the Odyssey Television Network, and then, he retired from television, leaving behind a legacy of loyal of fans, with lots of garlic. That same year, he acted in the movie "Grumpier Old Men".

In 1997, seven men filed lawsuits against him for alleged sexual abuse. Six of the men said they were abused when they were younger and worked at the Chaplain's Pantry. The case never went to court. Smith said the abuse never happened. The "Frugal Gourmet" empire ended with the scandal.

Smith married his wife Patricia in 1966. They had two sons, Channing and Jason. Patricia is credited by originating the nickname "Frugal Gourmet".

Smith died in his sleep in Seattle on July 7, 2004 at the age of 65. He had suffered from heart disease for a long time. Smith was survived by his wife Patricia, and sons Channing and Jason, as well as daughters-in-law Yuki and Lisa.



Public interest

Public interest is a term meaning something that benefits all the people. This is compared to a personal interest that only benefits one person. Something that is in the public interest is something that concerns the general public. It is something governments recognize, protect and serve. Thomas Aquinas stated the purpose of government and the law was to serve the “common good” (), meaning the public interest. The term can also be vague in its use. For example, 'public interest' can be used by governments for the purpose of state secrecy. It can also be misused to mean something that actually serves private interests.

Lake Placid (movie)

Lake Placid is a 1999 American monster horror comedy movie. It was directed by Steve Miner and was produced by David E. Kelley, Michael Pressman, and Peter Bogart. "Lake Placid" was released on July 16, 1999. The movie is about a giant, long man-eating crocodile which terrorizes the fictional Black Lake, Maine, United States. Most of the movie was shot in British Columbia, Canada. The movie was financially successful at the box office and it spawned three made-for-television sequels.

The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 40% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert described the movie as "completely wrong-headed from beginning to end".


Teaching Mrs. Tingle

Teaching Mrs. Tingle is a 1999 American black comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Kevin Williamson and was produced by Cathy Konrad. "Teaching Mrs. Tingle" was released on August 20, 1999. The movie was originally going to be called Killing Mrs. Tingle but it was delayed and retitled because of the Columbine High School massacre.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 19% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


Acacia cyclops

The red-eyed wattle or western coastal wattle ("Acacia cyclops") is an Australian tree. It is in the plant family Fabaceae. It is one of nearly 1000 species of "Acacia" in Australia. It is found along the west coast of Western Australia as far north as Jurien Bay, and along the south coast into South Australia. 

Almost all wattles have cream to golden colored flowers. The small flowers are arranged in round groups. Only the male part of the flower sticks out.

Red-eyed wattle can be used to help stabilise coastal sands. It was introduced into Africa for this purpose, but it has spread fast and is now a serious pest in South Africa, where it is known as 'rooikrans' (= 'red garland' in Afrikaans).

The green seed pods may be used as a natural soap, by crushing them and using the pods with water to wash with.

Relitahallen

Recoverhallen (former Relitahallen) is an indoor bandy venue the town of Uppsala in Sweden. It was opened on 11 September 2011 with the game IK Sirius-HK Jenisej Krasnojarsk 5-4.

On 6 and 7 September 2013, double international games between Sweden and Finland were played inside. Both A- and U23 international games were played.

In March and April 2021, the Swedish Bandy Championship final games for both women and men was played inside the arena.


Kälarne IK

Kälarne IK is a sports club in Kälarne in Sweden. It was established on 14 February 1920.

The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1978.

Other famous people are track and field athletes Henry Kälarne and Gunder Hägg as well as cross-country skier Alfred Dahlqvist. At different occasions they all have competed for the club.


Howard Kurtz

Howard "Howie" Alan Kurtz (born August 1, 1953 in New York City) is a media reporter. He was formerly the host of Cable News Network's media analysis show "Reliable Sources". He currently hosts "Media Buzz" on Fox News Channel. He also is a former media reporter for the Washington Post.

Brian Stelter

Brian Stelter (born 3 September 1985) is the host of the Cable News Network's "Reliable Sources". He was a former media reporter for New York Times.

The Bone Collector

The Bone Collector is a 1999 American crime drama mystery movie. It was directed by Phillip Noyce and was produced by Martin Bregman, Michael Bregman, and Louis A. Stroller. and was released on November 5, 1999. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Jeffery Deaver.

The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 28% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


Brit Hume

Alexander Britton "Brit" Hume (born June 22, 1943) is a political commentator and television journalist. Hume had a 23-year career with ABC News. There he contributed to "World News Tonight", "Nightline" and "This Week". He served as ABC's chief White House correspondent from 1989 through 1996. He then spent 12 years as the Washington, D.C., managing editor of the Fox News Channel. He was also the anchor of "Special Report with Brit Hume". Since 2008, he has been the senior political analyst for Fox News and a regular public-affairs panelist for the television program "Fox News Sunday".

CBS Evening News

The CBS Evening News is a daily evening newscast on CBS. It is the "flagship" program of the CBS News division. The program began in 1948 as "Douglas Edwards with the News." They were sponsored by General Motors. In 1963 the name was changed to the "CBS Evening News". Walter Cronkite anchored the news from 1962 to 1981. Then Dan Rather succeeded Cronkite, lasting from 1981 to 2005. From 1993 to 1995, Connie Chung co-anchored with Rather. In 2005, Bob Schieffer was an interim anchor after Rather departed. Then from 2006 to 2011, Katie Couric was the anchor. Then, Scott Pelley was the anchor and managing editor from 2011 to 2016. Pelley was succeeded by Jeff Glor in 2017. Currently, the CBS Evening News is anchored by Norah O'Donnell. Her debut was in July 2019.

Eda IF

Eda IF is a sports club in Eda in Sweden. It was established in November 1941 as a ski jumping and soccer club.

The women's soccer team was started in 1974. The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1982.

In 2007 the club began to play floorball.


Hols IF

Hols IF is a sports club in Hol, Sweden. It was established on 30 April 1944.

The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1978.


Bjuråkers GIF

Bjuråkers GIF is a sports club in Bjuråker, Sweden. It was established on 26 November 1952.

The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1978.


Öjeby IF

Öjeby IF is a sports club in Öjebyn in the town of Piteå in Sweden. It was established on 2 November 1922. The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1978.


Anderstorps IF

Anderstorps IF is a sports club in Anderstorp, Sweden. it was established in 1927.

The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1979.

Billy Lansdowne and Billy Lansdowne Junior have both played games for the club.


Närkes Kils SK

Närkes Kils SK is a sports club in Närkes Kil in Sweden.

The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1978.


Väderstads IK

Väderstads IK is a sports club in Väderstad in Sweden. It was established in 1938.

The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1980 and 1981.


Vittangi SK

The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1982.


Rävåsens IK

The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1978 and 1979.


Bollsta IK

Bollsta IK is a sports club in Bollstabruk in Sweden. It was established in 1912.

The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1978 and 1979.


Norbergs BK

Norbergs BK is a soccer club in Norberg in Sweden. It was established in 1914 as Norbergs AIF. In 1985 the name was changed.

The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1981 and 1982. and the men's soccer team played in the Swedish third division in 1976.


Långsele AIF

Långsele AIF is a sports club in Långsele, Sweden. It was established on 11 June 1920 as IF Renen. It changed name on 25 October the same year. 10 years after establishment, it had became a bandy and soccer club only.

The women's soccer team began to play league games in 1975. The women's soccer also played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978-1982.


Wäija-Dynäs IK

Wäija-Dynäs IK is a sports club in Väja, Sweden.

The women's soccer team played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1979-1981.


Sätra SK

Sätra SK is a sports club in Sätra in Sweden. It was established in October 1967 as Sätrahöjdens SK before changing name some months later. 10 years after establishment, it had became a bandy and soccer-club only. Since the early 1980s club's main focus is women's and girls' soccer.

The women's soccer team was started in 1969. The women's soccer played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978-1980.


Korskrogens IK

Korskrogens IK is a sports club in Korskrogen in Sweden. It was established in 1931.

The women's soccer team played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978-1980.


Häggenås

Häggenås is a locality in Östersund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 320 people lived there.

Häggenås SK

Häggenås SK is a sports club in Häggenås in Sweden. It was established on 2 January 1932.

In 1951, the table tennis section was started.

The women's soccer team was stared in 1972. The women's soccer played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978-1980.


Korsträsks IK

Korsträsk IK is a sports club in Korsträsk in Sweden.

The women's soccer team played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1979-1981.


Korsträsk

Korsträsk is a locality in Älvsbyn Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 323 people lived there.

SoGK Charlo

SoGK Charlo is a sports club in Svarte in Sweden. It was established in 1938.

The women's soccer team played four seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978-1982.


Svarte

Svarte is a locality in Ystad Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 902 people lived there.

Hornskrokens IF

Hornskrokens IF is a sports club in Boden, Sweden. It was established on 23 May 1933 It runs handball. It earlier even ran bandy, soccer, orienteering and skiing. In 1983, the club played in the qualifying rounds for the Handball Allsvenskan.

The women's soccer team played five seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978-1986.


Sidensjö IK

Sidensjö IK is a sports club in Sidensjö in Sweden. The club was established in 1921. It runs soccer, track and field athletics, gymnastics, orienteering and skiing.

The women's soccer team played five seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978-1986.


Hammenhögs IF

Hammenhögs IF is a sports club in Hammenhög in Sweden. It was established in 1927.

The women's soccer team played four seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978-1981.


Lönsboda GoIF

Lönsboda GoIF is a sports club in Lönsboda in Sweden. It was established on 24 September 1930 as a merger out of Lönsboda IF, Lönsboda GF, Lönsboda CK and Lönsboda Pingpongklubb.

The women's soccer team played five seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978-1982.


Lönsboda

Lönsboda is a locality in Osby Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,903 people lived there. It located in northeastern Scania, circa 20 kilometers east of Osby and near Blekinge and Småland.

Främmestad

Främmestad is a locality in Essunga Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 393 people lived there.

Främmestads IK

Främmestads IK is a sports club in Främmestad in Sweden. It was established in 1941. The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division between 1980-1987.


Rönninge SK

Rönninge SK is a sports club in Rönninge in Sweden. The women's soccer team played six seasons in the Swedish top division between 1982-1987.

The club has also scored table tennis successes. The club won the Swedish women's national team championship in 2002.

Vilhelmina BK

Vilhelmina BK was a sports club in Vilhelmina in Sweden. The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1981.

Half Past Dead

Half Past Dead is a 2002 American action movie. It was directed by Don Michael Paul and was produced by Elie Samaha, Steven Seagal, and Andrew Stevens. "Half Past Dead" was released on November 15, 2002. It was the last theatrical release to feature Steven Seagal in many countries until "Machete" was released in 2010.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 3% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It was also ranked #19 on Rotten Tomatoes' 100 worst films of the 2000s. Movie critic Roger Ebert stated: "Half Past Dead is like an alarm that goes off with nobody in the room. It does its job, stops, and nobody cares." Seagal was nominated a Razzie Award in the category of Worst Actor at the 2003 Golden Raspberry Awards but lost to Roberto Benigni in "Pinocchio".


Södertälje FC-72

Södertälje FC-72 was a sports club in the town of Södertälje in Sweden. It was established in 1972.

The women's soccer team played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978-1980.

Timeline (movie)

Timeline is a 2003 American science fiction adventure movie. It was directed by Richard Donner and was produced by Lauren Shuler Donner, Jim Van Wyck, and Richard Donner. "Timeline" was released on November 26, 2003. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 12% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It was also a box office bomb, only earning back $43,935,763 of its $80 million budget.


House of Este

The 'House of Este is a European princely dynasty. It is split into two branches. The elder branch known as the "House of Welf-Este" or "House of Welf" (Guelf or Guelph). The younger branch is known as the "House of Fulc-Este" or later simply as the "House of Este".

The elder branch of the House of Este included the dukes of Brunswick and Lüneburg (1208–1918). It also produced Britain's Hanoverian monarchs and one Emperor of Russia (Ivan VI). The younger branch of the House of Este included the Sovereign Dukes of Ferrara (1240–1597), and Modena and Reggio (1288–1796). Following the marriage of Maria Beatrice d'Este to Archduke Ferdinand of Austria (1771) the House of Austria-Este was formed. 

The House of Este has a long history. The earliest known ancestor is Albert of Este, who died in 938. He was the Count of Este and Marquis of Tuscany. His great-grandson Albert Azzo II, Margrave of Milan is considered the of the House of Este.


Flatiron Building

The Flatiron Building, originally called the Fuller Building, is at 175 Fifth Avenue in the borough of Manhattan, New York City.

It was one of the first skyscrapers. When it was finished in 1902, it was one of the tallest buildings in the city. The building sits on a triangular island-block. Most Manhattan streets are on a strict grid plan but Broadway is an exception. It crosses the streets and avenue at an angle. This makes it cut across Fifth Avenue, a large and important road running N/S. At the junction sits the Flatiron on a triangle of land. There are also two E/W roads, a main road, 23rd St. and a minor road, East 22nd St.

The name "Flatiron" is because it looks like a old-fashioned cast iron clothes iron. The building has been called "[o]ne of the world's most iconic skyscrapers, and a quintessential symbol of New York City". It gives its name to the neighborhood around it, known as the Flatiron District. It has become an icon of New York City. The building was designated a New York City landmark in 1966. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and designated a National Historic Landmark in 1989.

Thomas the Tank Engine

Thomas the Tank Engine is a small fictional steam locomotive in "The Railway Series" books by the Reverend Wilbert Awdry and his son, Christopher. He became the most popular character in the series. He is the title character in the television spin-off series, "Thomas and Friends". Thomas the Tank Engine was originally intended to be a tank, but was later changed to be more appealing to children and their parents. Thomas was also named after Thomas Hobbes, an English philosopher, who had interests in political philosophy, similar to Thomas the Tank Engine. Thomas has become an icon in the children's media industry, being recognized in England in America, mainly because of his appearance as a talking blue tank engine.

Troye Sivan

Troye Sivan Mellet ( ; born 5 June 1995), better known as Troye Sivan, is a South African-born Australian actor, YouTuber and singer-songwriter. As an actor, he played young James Howlett in the 2009 X-Men film "X-Men Origins: Wolverine". Most recently he starred as the title character in the "Spud" movie trilogy. Sivan also regularly makes YouTube videos. As of 14 December 2016, has over 4 million subscribers and over 248,00,0005 views. He is of Jewish descent.

On 7 August 2013, Sivan posted a video titled 'Coming Out'. This video announced that he was gay and this video changed lives of young LGBTQ+ people all over the world.

On 15 August 2014, Sivan released his first major label EP, "TRXYE". It peaked at number five on the "Billboard 200". The lead single from the EP, "Happy Little Pill", reached number 10 in the Australian charts.

His video, "The 'Boyfriend' Tag", with fellow vlogger Tyler Oakley earned the two a 2014 Teen Choice Award in the "Choice Web Collaboration" category. In October 2014, "Time" named Sivan as one of the "25 Most Influential Teens of 2014".

Sivan publicly came out as gay in 2013.

He released an EP titled "Wild" on 4 September 2015.

On 4 December 2015, he released his debut album titled "Blue Neighbourhood".

On the 10th of January 2018 he released the Single 'My My My!' it was the lead single from his second studio album 'Bloom', released on the 31st of August 2018

Eduardo Laborde

Eduardo Horacio Laborde (19 October 1967 – 4 February 2015) was an Argentine rugby union player. He played three games for the national team "Los Pumas" in the 1991 Rugby World Cup.

Laborde died in February 2015 after the bicycle he was riding was hit with another vehicle in the coastal town of Pinamar.

Norm Drucker

Norm Drucker (July 4, 1920 – February 6, 2015) was an American basketball referee. His NBA and ABA career as both a referee and Supervisor of Officials lasted for 35 years. He was born in New York City, New York.

Drucker died in East Norriton, Pennsylvania, aged 94.

Dean Smith

Dean Edwards Smith (February 28, 1931 – February 7, 2015) was an American head coach of men's college basketball. He was born in Emporia, Kansas. Smith was called a "coaching legend" by the Basketball Hall of Fame.

Smith was best known for his 36-year coaching term at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Smith coached from 1961 to 1997 and retired with 879 victories, which was the NCAA Division I men's basketball record at that time. 

Smith had the 9th highest winning percentage of any men's college basketball coach (77.6%). During his tenure as head coach, North Carolina won two national championships and appeared in 11 Final Fours.

Hill died in Chapel Hill, North Carolina at the age of 83.


Clifton R. Wharton Jr.

Clifton Reginald Wharton, Jr. (born September 13, 1926) is an American university president, corporate executive and former United States Deputy Secretary of State

Charles W. Robinson

Charles Wesley Robinson (September 7, 1919 - May 20, 2014) was an American entrepreneur. He served as United States Deputy Secretary of State from 1975 through 1976 under the Gerald Ford administration.

United States Deputy Secretary of State

The Deputy Secretary of State of the United States is the chief assistant to the Secretary of State. If the Secretary of State resigns or dies, the Deputy Secretary of State becomes Acting Secretary of State until the President nominates and the Senate confirms a replacement. The position was created in 1972.

John C. Whitehead

John Cunningham Whitehead (April 2, 1922 – February 7, 2015) was an American banker and civil servant. He was a board member of the World Trade Center Memorial Foundation (WTC Memorial Foundation). He was chairman of the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation. Whitehead served as United States Deputy Secretary of State under the Ronald Reagan administration from 1985 through 1989.

Joe B. Mauldin

Joe Benson Mauldin, Jr. (July 8, 1940 – February 7, 2015) was an American double-bassist, songwriter and audio engineer. He was best known as the double-bassist of rock and roll group The Crickets. Mauldin was born in Lubbock, Texas.

Mauldin died from cancer in Nashville, Tennessee, aged 74.

Billy Casper

William Earl Casper, Jr. (June 24, 1931 – February 7, 2015) was an American professional golfer. He was one of the most prolific tournament winners on the PGA Tour from the mid-1950s to the mid-1970s.

Casper died at his home in Springville, Utah on February 7, 2015 after having pneumonia and a heart attack, aged 83.

Müzeyyen Senar

Müzeyyen Senar (July 16, 1918 – February 8, 2015) was a Turkish classical music performer. She was known as the ""Diva of the Turkish Republic"".

Senar died in İzmir, Turkey from pneumonia, aged 96.

René Lavand

Héctor René Lavandera, usually known as René Lavand (24 September 1928 – 7 February 2015), was a magician from Argentina. He appeared in Ed Sullivan's and Johnny Carson's television shows as well as shows at Hollywood's Magic Castle.

Lavand died of pneumonia at the Chacabuco Clinic in Tandil, Argentina aged 86.

Springville, Utah

Springville is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States that is part of the Provo-Orem Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 35,268 at the 2020 census.

Emporia, Kansas

Emporia is a city in Lyon County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Lyon County. In 2020, 24,139 people lived there. Emporia is between Topeka and Wichita at the intersection of U.S. Route 50, Interstates 335 and 35 on the Kansas Turnpike. Emporia is also a college town because it has Emporia State University and Flint Hills Technical College.

Emporia was created in 1857. It was named after ancient Carthage, a place known in history as a prosperous center of commerce.

In 1953, Emporia was where Veterans Day was first celebrated in the United States. U.S. Representative Edward Rees introduced legislation in The United States Congress to rename Armistice Day as Veterans Day. President Dwight D. Eisenhower signed the bill into law on October 8, 1954.

On June 8, 1974, an F4 tornado hit Emporia. It killed six people, and it injured 200 people. It caused $25 million in damages.

On Sunday, March 6, 1988 a heavily armed gunman walked into the Calvary Baptist Church during services and started shooting. The gunman was Cheunphon Ji, who was 29 years old. He killed one person and injured four people.

Emporia is in east-central Kansas. It is about southwest of Kansas City, southwest of Topeka, and northeast of Wichita. It is on the eastern edge of the Flint Hills. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water. The Neosho River goes along the northern part of the city. The Cottonwood River, one of its tributaries, goes along the city's southern edge and of two large city parks, Peter Pan and Soden's Grove.

The city gets about 60 rainy days per year. It gets about 59 days with high temperatures of or higher, and 124 days with low temperatures below freezing. The average temperature in January is , and in July it is . It gets about of snow every year.

Emporia is the principal city of the Emporia Micropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Lyon and Chase counties.

The 2020 census says that there were 24,139 people, 9,876 households, and 5,468 families living in Emporia. Of the households, 53.3% owned their home and 46.7% rented their home.

The median age was 32.3 years. Of the people, 67.9% were White, 2.6% were Black, 2.3% were Asian, 0.9% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 15.0% were from some other race, and 11.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 28.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 24,916 people, 9,812 households, and 5,571 families living in Emporia.

Emporia has several big private-sector employers. In the past, a Tyson Foods beef-packing plant employed more than 2,400 workers. Hostess Brands has a bakery in Emporia. Hopkins Manufacturing Corporation, created in Emporia in 1953, makes products for the car market. The Braum dairy store chain, based in Oklahoma City, started in Emporia in 1952 under the name "Peter Pan." Simmons Pet Food has a multi-acre plant in Emporia that makes wet dog food.

On January 25, 2008, Tyson said it would fire 1,500 workers (more than 60 percent) by March 25, 2008. The company said it needed to move to western Kansas, where the cattle are raised. The Tyson plant creates almost 10 percent of the local economy.

The city is served by the Emporia Municipal Airport.
LCAT or Lyon County Area Transportation provides bus service in Emporia. It provides fixed-route bus service to the city of Emporia, and paratransit service to the disabled and the rest of Lyon County. The buses are a service of Lyon County. It gets a lot of financial support from the Kansas Department of Transportation. The Greyhound Lines has a bus stop in Emporia.


The "Emporia Gazette" is the city's main newspaper. It is published six days per week. The "Gazette" also publishes a Spanish language monthly newspaper, "La Voz". Emporia State University publishes a bi-weekly student newspaper, the "Emporia State University Bulletin".

Emporia is an important place for broadcast media for east-central Kansas. One AM radio station and ten FM radio stations are licensed to and/or broadcast from the city. Emporia is in the Topeka, Kansas television market. One television station, a translator of the Fox affiliate in Topeka, broadcasts from the city.

Famous people who were born in and/or have lived in Emporia include actor R. Lee Ermey, journalist William Allen White, and college basketball coach Dean Smith.



Arlington, Oregon

Arlington is a city in Gilliam County, Oregon, United States. The population was 628 at the 2020 census.

Cheek to Cheek (album)

Cheek to Cheek is a collaborative album between American pop singer-songwriter Lady Gaga and American jazz artist Tony Bennett. The album won the 2015 Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album. It was Gaga's sixth Grammy win. The album debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 chart. It was Gaga's third consecutive number-one album in the United States.


Basophil

Basophils, or basophil granulocytes, are rare granulocytes. If you had 10,000 white blood cells, only 1–30 of them would be basophils.

Basophils contain large cytoplasmic granules. When stained, the granules hide the cell nucleus from sight. However, when unstained, the nucleus is visible and it usually has two lobes.

The mast cell, another granulocyte, is similar in appearance and function. Both cell types store histamine, a chemical that is secreted by the cells when stimulated. However, they come from different cell lines. Mast cells usually do not circulate in the blood stream, but instead stay in connective tissue. Like all circulating granulocytes, basophils go from the blood into a tissue when needed.

The name comes from the fact that these leukocytes are basophilic, i.e., they are stained by basic dyes, as shown in the illustrations.

How they work is not well understood. Basophils have protein receptors on their cell membrane which binds IgE, an immunoglobulin involved in macroparasite defence and allergy. They are found in unusually high numbers at sites of ectoparasite infection, for example, by ticks.

Staining

Staining is used in microscopy to make cells and tissues easier to see and understand.

This is a way to improve contrast in the microscopic image. Stains and dyes are often used in biology and medicine to highlight structures in biological tissues, often with the aid of different microscopes.

Staining can be done on living tissues ("in vivo") or on dead tissues ("in" "vitro").

Dead tissue needs to be "fixed" so it does not decay. The fixative keeps the structure as it is. After fixation a tissue may be cut into thin slices, and put on a series of glass microscope slides. Occasionally, it is necessary to dissolve cell membranes so large dye molecules can get into the cells. Standards are published in the "Biotechnic & Histochemistry" journal.

The simplest way is to dip the slide plus specimen into a solution of dye, then rinse it and examine. The stains used are certified stains, tested by the Biological Stain Commission.

Gram staining is used to classify bacteria. It is based on the composition of their cell wall. Gram staining uses crystal violet to stain cell walls, iodine as a mordant, and a counterstain which marks all bacteria.

Gram-positive bacteria stain dark blue or violet. Their cell wall lacks the secondary membrane and lipopolysaccharide layer found in Gram-negative bacteria.

On most Gram-stained preparations, Gram-negative organisms are red or pink from the counterstain.

Haematoxylin and eosin staining is often used in histology for thin sections of tissue. Haematoxylin stains cell nuclei blue, while eosin stains cytoplasm, connective tissue and other extracellular substances pink or red.

Eosin is strongly absorbed by red blood cells, colouring them bright red. In a skilfully made H & E preparation the red blood cells are almost orange, and collagen and cytoplasm (especially muscle) go different shades of pink. Hematoxylin stains the cell nucleus and other acidic structures (such as RNA-rich portions of the cytoplasm and the matrix of hyaline cartilage) blue. In contrast, eosin stains the cytoplasm and collagen pink.

A quick and simple stain used on blood smears, and human cheek cells is methylene blue, which stains the nuclei. There are many other specialist stains, some fluorescent under special light.

Lifestylez ov da Poor &amp; Dangerous

Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous is the first studio album by American rapper, Big L. "Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous" was released on March 28, 1995 through Columbia Records. The album featured the singles "Put It On", "M.V.P.", and "No Endz, No Skinz".

The album first appeared on the "Billboard" 200 at #149. It reached at #22 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. Since August 2000, It has sold over 200,000 copies since August 2000

The album was well received. The Source gave the album 4 out of 5 mics and said "[Big L] comes with ill animated lyrics, combined with metaphors that stun; a combo sure to have suckas on the run".

Emmaboda IS

Emmaboda IS is a sports club in Emmaboda in Sweden. It was established in 1927.

The men's soccer team has played three seasons in the Swedish second division.


Lunar calendar

A lunar calendar is a calendar that is based on the phases of the Moon. Because there are slightly more than twelve lunar months (29.53 days each) in a solar year, the period of 12 lunar months (354.37 days) is sometimes referred to as a lunar year.

A common purely lunar calendar is the Islamic calendar.The First Islamic Calendar was First introduced in the reign of 2nd khalipha Umar ibn khitab(r.a). It is calculated from one crescent moon to the next crescent moon. A feature of the Islamic calendar is that a year is always 12 months. So the months are not linked with the seasons. They drift each solar year by 11 to 12 days. It comes back to the position it had in relation to the solar year approximately every 33 Islamic years. It is used mainly for religious purposes, but in Saudi Arabia it is the official calendar. Other lunar calendars often include extra months added occasionally to synchronize it with the solar calendar.

The oldest known lunar calendar was found in Scotland. It dates back to around 8,000 BC.

Jorge Sassi

Jorge Alberto Sassi (17 November 1947 – 9 February 2015) was an Argentine actor. He was known for his roles in "Valientes", "Heartbreakers", and "A dos aguas". Sassi was born in Rafaela, Santa Fe, Argentina.

Sassi died of renal failure at his home in Buenos Aires, Argentina, aged 67.

Rauni-Leena Luukanen-Kilde

Rauni-Leena Luukanen-Kilde (15 November 1939 – 8 February 2015) was a Finnish physician. She wrote and taught about parapsychology, ufology and mind control.

Luukanen-Kilde died in Vaasa in February 2015 after a long illness, aged 75.

Kathrine Windfeld

Kathrine Windfeld (21 August 1966 – 6 February 2015) was a Danish movie and television director. She was known for the 2012 Swedish spy movie "".

Windfeld died in February 2015 after a short illness. She was 48.

Øyvind Bjorvatn

Øyvind Bjorvatn (26 April 1931 – 9 February 2015) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party and later the Liberal People's Party. He was born in Herefoss.

He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Aust-Agder in 1965, and was re-elected on one occasion. 

During his second term, in December 1972, Bjorvatn joined the Liberal People's Party. The party split from the Liberal Party over disagreement of Norway's proposed entry to the European Economic Community. 

He then became the party leader of the Liberal People's Party, and held this position from 1982 to 1986.

Bjorvatn was a member of Tvedestrand municipality council during the terms 1963–1967 and 1967–1971.

Bjorvatn died at the age of 83 on 9 February 2015 in Oslo.

St. John's Park

St. John's Park used to be a park in Lower Manhattan, New York City. It was square-shaped. To the west, north, east, and south were Varick, Laight, Hudson, and Beach Streets. The park is now a traffic circle at the Manhattan end of the Holland Tunnel to New Jersey.

It used to be a farm belonging to a New Netherland farmer. Then, the country of England gave the park to Trinity Church. The church built St. John's Chapel, as well as some townhouses, around the park. By 1827, people living in the area were very rich. In the 1850s, many rich people moved out. In 1866, Cornelius Vanderbilt bought the park for a railroad terminal. The terminal was destroyed in 1927. The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's Holland Tunnel was built in 1927.

IFK Öxnehaga

IFK Öxnehaga is a sports club in Öxnehaga in Huskvarna in Sweden. It was established on 10 April 1955 as IFK Huskvarna.

The women's soccer team in the Swedish second division during the late 1990s and the early 2000s.

When IFK Jönköping was disbanded following the 1998 season the activity of that club was transfered to IFK Öxnehaga.

The club won both the Småland women's and girls' district championship in 1999.


IFK Jönköping

IFK Jönköping was a sports club in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. Its women's soccer team played in the Swedish second division during the 1990's. The club was established in 1989 out of IK Tord's women's soccer section.

The club won the women's Småland district championship in the years of 1994, 1995 and 1997.

The women's soccer team was dissolved before the 1997. The activity was then transferred over to IFK Öxnehaga.

Viktor Andersson

Viktor Andersson, born 28 September 1982, is a Swedish floorball player. He is a defender, he has represented several club teams. He has played in the SSL. His first club is Hagaboda SK.

Throughout the years he has represented the following clubs:


Lotorps IF

Lotorps IF is a sports club in Lotorp in Sweden. It was established on 15 March 1923. The women's bandy team has played three seasons in the Swedish top division. The women's soccer team played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978 and 1997.


Hackås IF

Hackås IF is a sports club in Hackås in Sweden. It was established in 1935. The women's bandy team has played two seasons in the Swedish top division. The women's soccer team played four seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978 and 1981.


Archaeoceti

The Archaeoceti ('ancient whales'), or Zeuglodontes in older literature, is a group of primitive cetaceans. They lived from the early Eocene to the late Oligocene, 5523 million years ago (mya). They were the first cetacean radiation, and they include the first amphibious stages in cetacean evolution. So they are the ancestors of both modern cetacean suborders, Mysticeti and Odontoceti.

The group evolved in the shallow waters that separated India and Asia 55–45 mya. About 30 species have been found which were adapted to a fully oceanic life. Modern characters such as echolocation and filter-feeding evolved later, in a second radiation .

All archaeocetes from 55 to 48 mya are only from Indo-Pakistan. By 41–34 mya genera are known from across the Earth, including North America, Egypt, New Zealand, and Europe. They were very unlikely to be as well-adapted to the open ocean as living cetaceans, so they probably got to North America along coastal waters. They could have gone around Africa and over to South America. More likely, over the Tethys Sea (between Eurasia and Africa) and along the coasts of Europe, Greenland, and North America.

The group is a paraphyletic because it gave rise to the two separate modern suborders.

Söderhöjdens BK

Söderhöjdens BK was a sports club in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was established in 1971. The club played three seasons in the Swedish women's bandy top division.

Mosseruds GF

Mosseruds GF is a sports club in the town of Karlstad in Sweden. It was established on 8 September 1938. The men's bandy team qualified for the Swedish second division in 2010.


Random Hearts

Random Hearts is a 1999 American romantic drama movie. It was directed by Sydney Pollack and was produced by Martin Jurow and Marykay Powell. "Random Hearts" was released on October 8, 1999. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Warren Adler.
The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 15% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert said, "There are so many good things in "Random Hearts", but they're side by side instead of one after the other. They exist in the same film, but they don't add up to the result of the film. Actually, the film has no result—just an ending, leaving us with all of those fine pieces, still waiting to come together. If this were a screenplay and not the final product, you could see how with one more rewrite, it might all fall into place."


Music of the Heart

Music of the Heart is a 1999 American drama movie. It was directed by Wes Craven and was produced by Susan Kaplan, Marianne Maddalena, Allan Miller, and Walter Scheuer. "Music of the Heart" was released on October 29, 1999. The movie is based on the true story of Roberta Guaspari, who was the co-founder the Opus 118 Harlem School of Music. It is director Wes Craven's movie outside of the horror/thriller genre to date. It was also his first movie to receive an Academy Award nomination.

The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 64% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars and said, "Meryl Streep is known for her mastery of accents; she may be the most versatile speaker in the movies. Here you might think she has no accent, unless you've heard her real speaking voice; then you realize that Guaspari's speaking style is no less a particular achievement than Streep's other accents. This is not Streep's voice, but someone else's - with a certain flat quality, as if later education and refinement came after a somewhat unsophisticated childhood."

The movie was nominated for two Academy Awards; Meryl Streep was nominated for Best Actress and scored songwriter Diane Warren was nominated for Best Original Song for the song "Music of My Heart". Streep was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award in the category of Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama.



Skellefteå Innebandy IF

Skellefteå Innebandy IF is a floorball club in the town of Skellefteå in Sweden. The club was established in 1986. The women's team debuted in the SSL in the 2006-2007 season.


Manhattan Bridge

The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge across the East River in New York City. It connects the New York City boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn. The bridge is long.

The bridge opened on December 31, 1909. It was designed by Leon Moisseiff. Its design was new for bridges at the time. Many longer suspension bridges are based on this bridge's design.

The bridge is officially landmarked. It was made a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 2009.


Queensboro Bridge

The Queensboro Bridge is a cantilever bridge over the East River in New York City. The bridge is also named the 59th Street Bridge because its end in Manhattan is between 59th and 60th streets. It was finished in 1909. The Queensboro Bridge connects Midtown Manhattan with Long Island City in the borough of Queens. It goes over Roosevelt Island. The bridge is long. The bridge was renamed after New York City mayor Ed Koch in 2011. Its official name is now the Ed Koch Queensboro Bridge. 

To the north is a tramway that travels in the air. This tramway goes from Manhattan to Roosevelt Island. 

From 1909 to 1917, the span of the bridge between Manhattan and Roosevelt Island was the longest cantilever span in North America.

The bridge used to carry elevated trains. It now carries cars. Since 2000, people can walk across the bridge.

The roadway that uses the bridge is numbered New York State Route 25.


Williamsburg Bridge

The Williamsburg Bridge is a suspension bridge in New York City. It goes between the boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn. The bridge opened on December 19, 1903. It is free to cross.

The bridge was built starting in 1896. It cost $24,200,000. Until 1924, it was the world's longest suspension bridge.

The bridge has been rebuilt since the 1980s. It was closed in 1988 after cracks were found on the bridge. A bicycle lane was also built on the bridge.

In 2003, the bridge turned 100 years old. On June 22, 2003, people held a party on the bridge to celebrate the bridge's age. In 2009, the bridge was made a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.

The bridge carries subway tracks of the BMT Nassau Street Line. In the early 20th century it also had trolley tracks.


Long Island Rail Road

The Long Island Rail Road, often called the LIRR, is a commuter rail system in New York. Its lines travel from Manhattan to Suffolk County on eastern Long Island. Over 334,000 people ride the LIRR every day. It is North America's busiest commuter railroad. It is also one of the few commuter systems in the world that runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.

The LIRR was created in 1834. It has never stopped operating since then. In the 1870s it was consolidated with the other railroads on Long Island. It is the oldest U.S. railroad that still has its original name. The LIRR has 124 stations and more than of railroad tracks, The LIRR has a total of of train routes.

It is owned by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. The LIRR is one of two commuter rail systems owned by the MTA. The MTA also runs the Metro-North Railroad to New York's Hudson Valley and to Connecticut.
It’s rolling stock consists of Budd M3 and Bombardier M7 EMUs from the 1980s and 2000s respectively, and Kawasaki M9 EMUs currently under construction. Diesel service is provided by Kawasaki C3 coaches pulled by EMD DE30AC and DM30AC locomotives, built in the late 1990s

Three to Tango

Three to Tango is a 1999 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Damon Santostefano. "Three to Tango" was released on October 22, 1999.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 28% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


Roosevelt Island

Roosevelt Island is a narrow island in the East River in New York City. To the west is Manhattan Island, and to the east is the New York City borough of Queens. Roosevelt Island is part of the borough of Manhattan.

The island is about long. The widest point on this island is about wide. The island's total area is . According to the US Census of 2000, 9,520 people lived on the island. The Roosevelt Island Operating Corporation guessed that about 12,000 lived here in 2007. The Queensboro Bridge passes over the southern part of the island but there is no way to get to the island from it.

Roosevelt Island is owned by the city, but is leased to the state of New York. Most people who live on Roosevelt Island rent apartments. There is also a housing cooperative building (where tenants own, rather than rent, part of the building) and a condominium building.

People get to and from Roosevelt Island in different ways:

Roosevelt Island has many bicycle trails and walking paths for people to explore the island with. There is also a free bus service, called the "Red Bus", that gets people around the island and to the cable car terminal and subway station.

Roosevelt Island was called Minnehanonck by the Lenape Native Americans. Later, it was called Varkens Eylandt (Hog Island) by people who lived in New Netherland. During Britain's colonization of the United States, the island was named Blackwells Island. It was known as Welfare Island when hospitals were opened on the island between 1921 to 1971. It was renamed Roosevelt Island in 1971, after U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt.

Värnamo FK

Värnamo FK is a sports club in the town of Värnamo in Sweden. The club won the Swedish women's national volleyball championship in the years of 1970, 1972, 1973 and 1974.


Bosöns IK

Bosöns IK was a sports club in Bosön in Sweden. The club won the Swedish women's national volleyball championship in the years of 1962, 1963, 1964 samt 1966 and 1967.

Kallhälls BK

Kallhälls BK was a sports club in Bosön in Sweden. The club won the Swedish men's national volleyball championship in the year of 1964.

Kungälvs VBK

Kungälvs VBK is a volleyball club in Kungälv in Sweden. The club was established in 1973. The club won the Swedish men's national championship in the years of 1989, 1991, 1992 and 1993.


Progona VBK

Progona VBK is a volleyball club in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. The club won the Swedish men's national championship in the year of 1983.

Alingsås VBK

Alingsås VBK is a volleyball club in the town of Alingsås in Sweden. It was established on 1 June 1961. The club joined the Swedish Volleyball Federation on 19 December the same year. The club won the Swedish women's national championship in the year of 1971.

Floby VK

Floby VK is a volleyball club in Floby in Sweden. It was established on 12 February 1962. The club won the Swedish men's national championship in the years of 1982 and 1997.


Lindesbergs VBK

Lindesbergs VBK is a volleyball club in Lindesberg, Sweden. It was established in 1971. The club won the Swedish women's national championship in 2012


Katrineholms VK

Katrineholms VK is a volleyball club in the town of Katrineholm in Sweden. It was established on 30 March 1977 as a breakout out of KFUM Katrineholm's volleyball section. The club won the Swedish women's national championship in the years of 2010, 2011 and 2013


Michael Smerconish

Michael A. Smerconish (born March 15, 1962) is a talk show host. He has a radio program on Sirius XM Satellite Radio. He has a television program on Cable News Network (CNN). He is a lawyer in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania for the law firm Kline and Specter. Smerconish is a columnist for the Philadelphia Inquirer. He has often been a guest host for other talk show hosts. This includes Joe Scarborough of MSNBC and Bill O'Reilly of Fox News Network. 

Smerconish had worked for the campaigns of Republicans in the past. He had voted Republican. In 2008, he said he would vote for the Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama. He made this announcement on MSNBC's "Hardball with Chris Matthews". On August 20, 2009, Smerconish became the first talk radio host to broadcast live from the Obama White House. That show which included an interview with the President. The interview was held in the Diplomatic Reception Room. That is where President Franklin D. Roosevelt's fireside chats were held. The President took questions from Smerconish and his listeners on a variety of subjects. One subject was the recent debates on the pending Healthcare Reform Bill. Smerconish has interviewed Obama six other times.
In 2010, Smerconish said in the "Huffington Post" that he had switched his party registration from Republican to independent. When it was said that David Duke had been tied to Republican House leader Steve Scalise in the past, Smerconish interviewed Duke to discuss this.

Smerconish has written several books. Two of them were on "The New York Times" Best Seller list. 

They are:

Swedish Volleyball Federation

Swedish Volleyball Federation () is a special sports association for volleyball in Sweden. It was established on 3 June 1961 It was appointed into the Swedish Sports Confederation in 1961. It is based in Solna.

It represents Sweden with national teams like the Sweden men's national volleyball team and the Sweden women's national volleyball team.

Lidingö SK

Lidingö SK is a sports club in Lidingö in Sweden. The men's volleyball team won the Swedish national championshis 18 times between 1966 and 1981. The team then won again in 1987 and 1990.

The men's junior volleyball team won the Swedish national championship for four times in a row between 1975 and 1978.


Metropolitan Transportation Authority

< !---

The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) is a government-chartered corporation that operates public transportation in the U.S. state of New York. The MTA runs buses and trains in 12 counties in southeastern New York. It also runs in two counties in southwestern Connecticut. On weekdays, about 11 million passengers use MTA buses and trains. Over 800,000 vehicles use its seven tolled bridges and two tunnels daily.

The MTA was chartered by the New York state government in 1965. In 1965, it was called the Metropolitan Commuter Transportation Authority (MCTA). The MTCA was made by Governor Nelson Rockefeller to buy and run the Long Island Rail Road, which run out of money. The MCTA became the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) in 1968. In 1968, it combined the operations of the New York City Transit Authority (NYCTA) and Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority (TBTA), which are now MTA New York City Transit (NYCT) and MTA Bridges and Tunnels (B&T).

The MTA also took the lease of the Penn Central Transportation's Hudson, Harlem and New Haven commuter rail lines until 1976. In 1976, Conrail took over Penn Central. The MTA did not run these commuter rail lines by itself until 1983. In 1983, it formed the Metro-North Commuter Railroad from the Hudson, Harlem and New Haven lines.

MTA Bridges and Tunnels is the largest bridge and tunnel toll agency in the United States. More than a million people use its bridges and tunnels each day. MTA Bridges and Tunnels collect $900 million from tolls each year.

The seven bridges are:

The two tunnels are:

The New York City Transit Authority has 5.5 million riders per day, or over 1.698 billion a year as of 2019.

The NYCTA runs:


---!>
Sävsjö BK

Sävsjö BK was a bandy club in Sävsjö in Sweden. It was established in 1971. Jonas Claesson played for the team. He debuted for the team in Division 2 as a 13 years old. At age 14 he switched to Vetlanda BK.

The women's team has played two seasons in the Swedish top division., 1972/1973 and 1973/1974.

Deng Liqun

Deng Liqun (November 27, 1915 – February 10, 2015) was a Chinese former official and high-ranking member of the Communist Party of China. Deng was born in Guidong County, Hunan province, and joined the Party in 1936. Later, he served as secretary to President Liu Shaoqi. 

Donald H. Clausen

Donald Holst "Don" Clausen (April 27, 1923 – February 7, 2015) is a former U.S. Representative from California. He served in the office for twenty years from 1963 through 1983. Clausen was a member of the Republican Party.

Clausen died on January 7, 2015 in Fortuna, California, aged 91.

Waterview Tower

111 W. Wacker (formally Waterview Tower) is a skyscraper under construction in downtown Chicago, Illinois, United States. The original plan called for it to be tall.


Regents Park (Chicago)

Regents Park is a 1,026 unit, upscale apartment complex in the Indian Village section of the Kenwood community area of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States.


Gustaf Nordqvist

Gustaf Nordqvist, born 12 February 1886 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 28 January 1949 in Stockholm, Sweden was a Swedish composer, church musician and professor. He wrote music for the Christmas song "Jul, jul, strålande jul".

Edvard Evers

Edvard Evers (born May 12, 1853 in Uddevalla, Sweden, died October 22, 1919 in Stockholm) was a Swedish hymn writer and priest. He is best known for writing the lyrics for the Christmas song "Jul, jul, strålande jul".

Gideonsbergs IF

Gideonsbergs IF is a sports club in the town of Västerås in Sweden. The club was established in 1955. It started a women's soccer section in 1971. The women's soccer team won the Swedish national championship in 1992. and the Swedish Cup in 1993.

The women's bandy team has played two seasons in the Swedish top division,


Öxabäcks IF

Öxabäcks IF is a sports club in Öxabäck in Sweden. It was established in 1931. The women's soccer section was established in 1966 as one of the earliest women's soccer teams in Sweden. The club adopted the name "Öxabäck/Marks IF" in 1991 to show up more of its connections with Mark Municipality. Some years later it adopted the previous name.

The women's soccer team won the Swedish national championship in the years of 1972 (unofficial), 1973, 1975, 1978, 1983, 1987 and 1988. and the Swedish Cup in the years of 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989 and 1991. The club was relegated from Damallsvenskan during the 1998 season.

The floorball section merged with Örby IF and Berghems IF in 1999 to create "Team Tygriket 99".Team Tygriket 99 later became IBK Tygriket 99.


Transcription factor

Transcription factors help to regulate genes. Each transcription factor binds to a specific DNA sequence. That is how they control the rate of transcription of genetic information from DNA to messenger RNA.

A transcription factor is sometimes called a 'sequence-specific DNA-binding factor'. Alone or with other proteins, they promote or block RNA polymerase. RNA polymerase is the enzyme that copies genetic information from DNA to RNA for specific genes.

Transcription factors have one or more DNA-binding domains (DBDs). These attach to sequences of DNA next to the genes they regulate. Other proteins (such as coactivators, chromatin remodellers, histone acetylases or deacetylases, kinases, and methylases) also play crucial roles in gene regulation. Because they lack DNA-binding domains, they are not called transcription factors.

Glossary:

Norman Stansfield

Norman Stansfield (also known as Stansfield) is a fictional character and the main villain of Luc Besson's 1994 movie "". He is played by Gary Oldman.

He is a corrupt and mentally unstable Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) agent. He has been named as one of cinema's greatest villains. In honor of its influence, Noah Walden of MSN Movies described the Stansfield character as "the role that launched a thousand villains".

Carlo Giustini

Carlo Giustini (4 May 1923 – 26 October 2005) was an Italian actor. He was sometimes called as Carlo Justini. Giustini is known for his roles in "Wild, Wild Planet" and "War of the Planets". He died in Rome on 26 October 2005, at the age of 89.

Marshall Rosenberg

Marshall Rosenberg (October 6, 1934 – February 7, 2015) was an American psychologist. He was the creator of Nonviolent Communication.


Roger Hanin

Roger Hanin (20 October 1925 – 11 February 2015) was a French actor and movie director. He was best known for playing the title role in the 1989–2006 TV police drama, "Navarro".

Peter Marshall

Ralph Pierre LaCock, better known by his stage name Peter Marshall (born March 30, 1926), is an American television and radio personality, singer, and actor. He was the original host of "The Hollywood Squares", from 1966 to 1981.


Joseph Campanella

Joseph Anthony Campanella (November 21, 1924 – May 16, 2018) was an American character actor. He appeared in more than two hundred television and movie roles from 1955 to 2009. He was known for his role as John Turino in "The Guiding Light". He also starred as Harper Deveraux on the soap opera "Days of Our Lives" from 1987 to 1988.

Campanella voiced the character of Dr. Curt Connors/The Lizard on "Spider-Man: The Animated Series" (1994–97). He narrated the "Discover" science series on the Disney Channel from 1992-94.

Campanella died at the age of 93 on May 16, 2018 at his home in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California of complications from Parkinson's disease.

Andrea Mitchell

Andrea Mitchell (born October 30, 1946) is an American journalist, news reporter and anchor for NBC News. She is the Chief Foreign Affairs Correspondent. She anchors "Andrea Mitchell Reports" on the MSNBC Network. She guest hosts "Meet the Press" and "Hardball with Chris Matthews".Mitchell was raised in a Jewish family.

Mitchell was born in New Rochelle, New York.

Miller Brewing Company

Miller Brewing Company is an American beer company. They are owned by SABMiller. The headquarters is in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was founded in 1855 by Frederick Miller.

The beers sold by Miller include Miller Lite, Miller High Life and Miller Genuine Draft.

Joint Direct Attack Munition

The Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) is a guidance kit that converts unguided bombs, or "dumb bombs" into all-weather "smart" bombs. JDAM-equipped bombs are guided by an inertial guidance system connected to a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver. This gives them a range of up to . JDAM-equipped bombs range from to . When installed on a bomb, the JDAM kit is given a GBU (Guided Bomb Unit) nomenclature which takes the place of the normal "dumb bomb" nomenclature to which it is attached. JDAM is a joint project of the United States Air Force and the United States Navy.

Assis

Assis is a Brazilian city in the southwestern part of the state of São Paulo. Its population, in 2013, was 100,911 inhabitants. It has an area of 462 km². It was named for the city's founder Captain Francisco Nogueira Acis.


Kittery, Maine

Kittery is a town in York County, Maine, United States. The population was 10,070 at the 2020 census.

Bob Simon

Bob Simon (May 29, 1941 – February 11, 2015) was an American television journalist. He was an award winning CBS News television correspondent. He was known for his appearances in "60 Minutes".

On February 11, 2015, Simon was killed in a car crash. He was a passenger in a livery cab that collided with another car and then crashed into a middle barrier of the West Side Highway in Manhattan. Simon went into cardiac arrest and was taken to St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital, where he died.

Treaty of New Echota

The Treaty of New Echota (7 Stat. 488) was a treaty signed on December 29, 1835, in New Echota, Georgia by officials of the United States government and representatives of a minority Cherokee faction, the Treaty Party.

The treaty of New Echota essentially made the Indians move out of the southeast United States and into Indian Territory. This move was called the Trail of Tears. 

National Hero of Azerbaijan

The National Hero of Azerbaijan is the highest title in Azerbaijan. The law on the title has been in effect since December 25, 1995. The title is awarded for courage and exceptional service to the people of the Republic of Azerbaijan. It can be given only once to the same person.

Strahler number

In mathematics, the Strahler number or Horton–Strahler number of any tree shape measures its complexity. It can be applied to any tree shape including real trees, lungs, human relationships and blood flow systems. These numbers allow these shapes to be handled in computer programming languages. These numbers were created to study the flow of liquids by Robert E. Horton and Arthur Newell Strahler.

Columbus Circle

Columbus Circle is a traffic circle named for Christopher Columbus. The circle is in Manhattan, New York City. It is at the southwest corner of Central Park. This is where Eighth Avenue, Broadway, Central Park South, and Central Park West all meet. Hell's Kitchen is next to the circle on the south. The Upper West Side is to the north.

The circle opened in 1905. William P. Eno was the designer. Eno was a businessman who made road safety and traffic control better. The circle was supposed to be part of the plan for Central Park. This was to be a very important entrance to the park.

There is a statue at the center of Columbus Circle. It was made by Italian sculptor Gaetano Russo, The statue was built in 1892. It is a marble statue of Columbus on top a granite column. The pedestal has an angel holding a globe. The circle was rebuilt in 2005. There are new water fountains, wooden benches; and plants around the statue. The inner circle is about wide. The outer circle is about wide. The rebuilding was honored with an award.

There is also a New York City Subway station under the circle.

The headquarters of Time Warner is to the west of Columbus Circle. The building is called Time Warner Center. Time Warner Center has the Shops at Columbus Circle, Jazz at Lincoln Center, the New York City studio headquarters of CNN, and the Mandarin Oriental New York hotel.

The Trump International Hotel and Tower is to the circle's north. This building was an office tower, but now has restaurants and a hotel.

The Merchant's Gate to Central Park is to the northeast. It has the "USS Maine National Monument". The "USS Maine National Monument" was built in 1913 to honor sailors killed on the battleship USS "Maine" in 1898.

2 Columbus Circle is to the south. This is a tower built in 1964 by Edward Durell Stone. It used to hold an art museum. It was rebuilt in 2005. People argued over the rebuilding because they wanted to landmark it.

240 Central Park South is on the southeast side of the circle. It was built in 1941. It is a landmark.

Duke of Nemours

The title of Duke of Nemours was originally given to a French family of minor nobility. It was originally a small lordship. It was later made a county in 1364. It is most famous for being held by a branch of the House of Savoy that eventually settled in France. Following the death of the last Savoyard duke (1659) the title went back to the crown of France. It was eventually passed on to the only brother of Louis XIV in 1672. It remained with his descendants. A son of King Louis Philippe of the French was given the title in 1850.

She received the duchy of Nemours in 1524 with the duchy of Anjou. It was later transferred to her half-brother in 1528. She received the duchy of Touraine in exchange. She also received later the Duchy of Auvergne.



Deli Fuad Pasha

Fuad (18351931) was a Ottoman soldier and stateman, also known as Mushir (Marshall) Deli Fuad Pasha.

Fuad Pasha was born in 1835 in Egypt and was Turkic. He was the son of Müsür Hasan Pasha. He ascended to colonel rank in Egyptian army. He came Istanbul in 1869. He won Liva rank in Ottoman Army in 1872. He took office 1877–1877 in Tuna frontline Ottoman-Russsian War. He was commander in Elena Conflict in side of Ottoman troops and gained "Elena Hero" title for his achievements. Also gained "Deli" title which means exactly "Crazy" because of his courage. But in 1902 he sent into exile by Abdulhamid II to Damascus. He returned Istanbul in 1908 when announcement.

He was 96 years old when he died in Istanbul.

Alternaria brassicicola

Alternaria brassicicola is a fungus which belongs to the family Pleosporaceae. The species has branched hyphae which are between 1.5 and 7.5 micrometre wide. In the beginning the hyphae are transparent but later their colour turns to brown or olive brown. The conidium are between the 5 and 8 micrometre wide and can be up to 70 micrometre long. 


2015 Chapel Hill shooting

The 2015 Chapel Hill shooting was an incident that happened on February 10, 2015 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. Three Muslim college students were shot dead. Their neighbor Craig Stephen Hicks was arrested for it. Families of the victims called it a hate crime. 

Police do not know why Hicks might have done it. Police in Chapel Hill say Hicks had argued with the victims over parking spaces before. Neighbors said Hicks was obsessed over people parking in his space. His Facebook page says he supports “Atheists for Equality” and blamed “radical Christians and radical Muslims" for causing problems in the world. 

The FBI was called in to help the local police. They also started an investigation to see if any federal laws have been broken. Federal officials did not find any evidence it was a hate crime. On 12 June 2019, Hicks pleaded guilty to the shooting. He was sentenced to spend the rest of his life in prison. He was not convicted of any hate crime. 

Alexander Cools

Alexander Rudolf "Lex" Cools (The Hague, 1941 – Nijmegen, 7 September 2013) was a Dutch neuroscientist. He was interested in the pharmacology of behavior. 

Cools got his Doctor of Philosophy in 1973 at the Radboud University Nijmegen. He was a professor in Nijmegen from 1985 until his retirement in 2006. 

A special issue of the scientific journal "Behavioural Pharmacology" was dedicated to his memory in 2014. Cools was one of the founders of the European Behavioural Pharmacology Society. He became its second president. He received that society's Distinguished Achievement Award in 2003. 

Cools was the first to propose (1976) the existence of different types of dopamine receptors. This claim is correct but was initially not believed. Cools is also known for his work on the basal ganglia.

Fristad

Fristad is a locality in Borås Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,924 people lived there.

Larry King Live

Larry King Live was an American television talk show hosted by Larry King on CNN from 1985 to 2010. It was the network's most watched and longest-running program, with over one million viewers nightly.

On June 29, 2010, Larry King announced that the program would end. The last episode aired on December 16, 2010, and a new episode on the war against cancer aired two days later on December 18.

2014 Sweden mosques arson attack series

The 2014 Sweden mosques arson attack series were a series of arson attacks on three mosques in one week. They started on Christmas Day and ended on new year. The mosques were struck by petrol bombs and molotov cocktails while others were vandalised with racist graffiti.


Cake (movie)

Cake is a 2014 American drama movie. It is about a pleasant woman who has become unhappy with her life after a car accident that killed her child. 

Jennifer Aniston plays Claire. Mamie Gummer plays Bonnie. Felicity Huffman plays Annette.

This movie was released in some theaters in December 2014.


Join (SQL)

A SQL Join clause is a way to retrieve information from two or more tables in a database. When a database programmer wants to do a join command, they will type about the databases they want to get information from, and the type of join they want to use. There are five types of joins. A normal codice_1, which is also called an codice_2, a codice_3, acodice_4, acodice_5 and codice_6. 

In order for a join to work, there must be information in the tables to be joined that is the same between them. 

Imagine two tables called Employee and Department.

Suppose a database administrator wanted to know what employee worked in what department. While someone could just compare the ID numbers between the two tables, a way to have the information in one place is by doing a JOIN, also known as an INNER JOIN. Because they have one type of data in common, the department ID, the tables can be joined together.
SELECT LastName, DepartmentName FROM employee join department on department.DepartmentID = employee.DepartmentID;
It would make a table that looks like this:

Because Williams in the employee table did not have an department ID, Williams was not printed in the final result.

Inner joins are fine if both tables have a matching record. However, if one table does not have a record for what the join is being built on, the query will fail. But if a database programmer needs to grab information in an event that there is not a matching record for a row on one of the tables, they need to use an outer join.

A left outer join (also known as a left join) will contain all records from the left table, even if the right table does not have a matching record for each row. 

So, using the two tables.

This command is run, which joins the two tables together on a left join.
SELECT *
FROM employee 
LEFT OUTER JOIN department ON employee.DepartmentID = department.DepartmentID;

Unlike the inner join, Williams is printed in the final result, even though Williams did not have a department ID. Because Employee was the left table, or the table first mentioned in the SQL query, SQL returns all of the relevant data needed from it. However, since there was not a department ID for Williams, the Department table was only able to return a null result.

A right outer join works almost like a left outer join, except with how the tables are handled reversed. This time, all of the relevant information will be returned from the right table, even if the left table does not have a matching result. If the left table does not have a matching result, null will be in the place of the missing data.

This command is run, which joins the two tables together on a right join.
SELECT *
FROM employee RIGHT OUTER JOIN department
And this is the final result.

Except for how the tables are treated, left outer joins, and right outer joints work alike. This means, in the left outer join example, if a database programmer were to switch the order of the tables listed from this:
SELECT *
FROM employee 
LEFT OUTER JOIN department ON employee.DepartmentID = department.DepartmentID;
to this (notice how employee and department have switched places)
SELECT *
FROM department 
LEFT OUTER JOIN employee ON employee.DepartmentID = department.DepartmentID;
They would receive the same result as the right outer join example above:

David Carr (journalist)

David Michael Carr (September 8, 1956 – February 12, 2015) was an American columnist and author. He wrote the Media Equation column and covered culture for "The New York Times". In 2014, he was named the Lack Professor of Media Studies at Boston University, a part-time position.

Carr died on February 12, 2015 following a collapse in the "New York Times" newsroom at the age of 58. His cause of death was lung cancer and heart disease.


Greenville, Ohio

Greenville is a city in and county seat of Darke County, Ohio, United States. The population was 12,786 at the 2020 census.

Nik Abdul Aziz Nik Mat

Tuan Guru Dato' Bentara Setia Haji Nik Abdul Aziz Nik Mat (10 January 1931 – 12 February 2015) was a Malaysian politician and Muslim cleric.

He was the Menteri Besar of Kelantan from 1990 to 2013 and the "Mursyidul Am" or Spiritual Leader of the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) from 1991 until his death in 2015.

Overall, career as an elected politician lasted for some 48 years following his election to the Parliament of Malaysia in 1967.

Nik Mat died of prostate cancer in Kota Bharu, Malaysia at the age of 84.

Tomie Ohtake

Ohtake died in São Paulo, Brazil at the age of 101 from heart failure.

Steve Strange

Steve Strange (born Stephen John Harrington, 28 May 1959 – 12 February 2015) was a Welsh pop singer. He was born in Newbridge, Caerphilly. He was best known as the lead singer and frontman of the 1980s pop group Visage. From the late 1970s he was also a very well known nightclub host and promoter. He died of a heart attack in Sharm-el-Sheikh, Egypt.

Big Eyes

Big Eyes is a 2014 American biographical drama movie directed by Tim Burton and produced by Burton and Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski.

It is based on the careers of American artists Margaret and her husband Walter Keane. It is set in San Francisco, California during the 1950s. They are played by Amy Adams and Christoph Waltz. It also stars Krysten Ritter, Jason Schwartzman, Danny Huston, Jon Polito and Terence Stamp. The music was composed by Danny Elfman.

It was released to very positive reviews on December 25, 2014.

La sombra del pasado

La sombra del pasado is a Mexican telenovela. It is produced by Televisa. Production started on August 18, 2014.


VietJet Air

VietJet Air is a Vietnamese budget airline. The headquarters are in Hanoi. The center of activity is from Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City. The company was founded in 2007. VietJet Air began operation in 2011. It has flights to most of airports in Vietnam and some international airports. From its first flight to 31 December 2014, the airline has served 10 million passenger. In February 2014, it signed a purchase order with Airbus to buy 63 aircraft. It has plans to purchase 30 more and to lease seven more.

Jordyn Wieber

Jordyn Marie Wieber (born July 12, 1995) is an American artistic gymnast. She was a member of the gold medal-winning US women's gymnastics teams at the 2011 World Championships. Wieber was a team gold medalist at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was also the 2011 world women's all-around champion.

Eloise Mumford

Eloise Mumford (born September 24, 1986) is an American actress. She played Sue Lawson in "Drones". She played Kate Kavanagh in "Fifty Shades of Grey".

The actress was born in Olympia, Washington.

San Andreas (movie)

San Andreas is a 2015 adventure and disaster movie. It is about an earthquake hitting California, when the San Andreas Fault shakes. Dwayne Johnson plays Ray. Carla Gugino plays Emma, his ex-wife. Ioan Gruffudd plays Emma's boyfriend Daniel Riddick. Kylie Minogue plays Daniel's sister Beth Riddick. Paul Giamatti plays Caltech seismologist Lawrence Hayes.

The movie was released on May 29, 2015.

Tone

A musical tone is a repeating sound. Musical tones are different in duration, loudness, and timbre. The notes used in music can have many complex forms, such as short bursts, changes in pitch, and shifts in noise.

A simple tone, or pure tone, has a steady noise. A complex tone is a musical tone that is not steady. Simple tones are added together to make complex tones.

Agilodocodon

Agilodocodon was a shrew-sized docodont from the Middle Jurassic. It is the earliest known tree-climbing mammal-like therapsid.

"Agilodocodon scansorius" was about 13 centimeters from head to tail, and weighed about 27 grams. Its appearance was similar to a squirrel, with a long snout, curved, horny claws and flexible ankle and wrist joints typical of modern arboreal mammals. The front teeth were spade-like, indicating that "Agilodocodon scansorius" could gnaw tree bark and eat gum or sap.

This interpretation is questioned by another palaeontologist. He thinks "Agilodocodon"'s teeth "are quite different" from the modern sap-eating monkeys, and the long, thin lower jaw seems too weak for gnawing tree bark.

The fossils of "Agilodocodon scansorius", with the mole-like "Docofossor brachydactylus", were found by farmers in the Chinese Tiaojishan Formation. They were got and examined by the Beijing Museum of Natural History. The species "Agilodocodon scansorius" was reported in the journal "Science" in 2015.

Docodonta

Docodonta is an order or suborder of extinct mammaliaforms. They lived during the mid- to late-Mesozoic era. 

They had sophisticated molars, from which the suborder gets its name. In the fossil record, isolated teeth and bits of jawbones are found. 

Docodonts are not quite as closely related to the placentals and marsupials as the monotremes are, so they are not included among the crown-group mammals. 

Because of their molars and their lower jaw being a single bone (the dentary), they are generally regarded as mammals. However, those authors who limit the term "Mammalia" to the (living) crown group exclude docodonts. They use the term mammaliaformes instead.

Docodonts were primarily herbivorous or insectivorous. However, "Castorocauda", adapted to a semi-aquatic life, has teeth which suggest it ate fish.

"Castorocauda" is important because the first find was an almost complete skeleton (a real luxury in paleontology). It breaks the "small nocturnal insectivore" stereotype.
It was noticeably larger than most Mesozoic mammaliaform fossils, and gives absolutely certain evidence of hair and fur. Of course, this strongly suggests mammalian-type temperature regulation.


Squamosal bone

The squamosal is a bone of the head of higher vertebrates. It is the main part of the cheek region in the skull, towards the back and lower part of the skull.

In mammals, including humans, it fuses with other bones to form the temporal bone. It is then called the 'squama temporalis'. 

In therapsids (including mammal ancestors) the lower jaw is simplified into just the dentary. This hinges against the squamous part of the temporal bone. It is referred to as a 'dentary-squamosal jaw'.

Kallinge

Kallinge is a locality in Ronneby Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,561 people lived there.

The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug

The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug is a 2013 epic fantasy and adventure movie. The movie is about Bilbo Baggins going with Thorin Oakenshield and his dwarves to reclaim Lonely Mountain from the dragon Smaug. Benedict Cumberbatch plays Smaug. Evangeline Lilly plays the elf Tauriel.

Ed Sheeran's "I See Fire" plays during the movie's end credits.

The movie took in over $960 million overall. This is more than both "The Fellowship of the Ring" and "The Two Towers". It is the fourth highest-grossing film of 2013 and the 34th highest-grossing film of all time. The film stars Martin Freeman, Ian McKellen, Lee Pace, and other casts while Luke Evans, Orlando Bloom and Stephen Fry have first appeared.

Outside North America, "The Desolation of Smaug" was released internationally on 16,405 screens. The film earned $135.4 million in its opening weekend. Its largest openings occurred in China ($33.0 million), Germany ($19.0 million) and the United Kingdom, Ireland and Malta ($15.2 million). It topped the box office outside North America on four consecutive weekends and five in total. It is the highest-grossing film of 2013 in many European countries.



The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies

The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies is a 2014 action, fantasy and adventure movie. It is about the dwarves and Bilbo having accidentally released the dragon Smaug. Bard the Bowman breaks out of prison and fights Smaug. Lee Pace plays Thranduil. Orlando Bloom plays Legolas. Evangeline Lilly plays Tauriel. Christopher Lee plays Saruman. Hugo Weaving plays Elrond. Cate Blanchett plays Galadriel.

The movie took in over $962 million overall. It got mostly positive reviews from critics.



Antoine of Navarre

Antoine de Bourbon, duc de Vendôme, also called Antoine of Navarre (22 April 1518 – 17 November 1562) was the King of Navarre through his marriage ("jure uxoris") to Queen Jeanne III, from 1555 until his death. He was the founder of the Royal House of Bourbon. Antoine was the father of Henry IV of France.

I See Fire

"I See Fire" is a song from the movie "". It is played during the end credits. It was performed by Ed Sheeran. The song hit #1 in New Zealand.

The song was released in November 2013.

Assistant secretary

Assistant Secretary is a title used by politicians or government officials in certain countries. These are often junior ministers assigned to a specific cabinet minister.

The level of Assistant Secretary is a position in the Government of Australia (also referred to as the Australian Government, Commonwealth Government or the Australian Federal Government). The position falls under the Australian Public Service Act 1999, and holds the level of Senior Executive Service (SES) Level Band 1. The position also holds several other titles such as: Branch Head, National Manager, Group Manager, and Executive Director.

The grade of Assistant Secretary is a position in the Irish Civil Service. It is very similar to its British counterpart. It may now be called a different name, depending on the department or office.

An Assistant Secretary (in Dutch: ""staatssecretaris"") assists a specific minister. Each assistant secretary works in a particular department of the government, and helps the minister of that department.

In the United States, the rank of Assistant Secretary is a high level civilian official within the United States federal government. They are an official of sub-Cabinet rank. Assistant Secretaries are appointed by the President of the United States with the consent of the United States Senate. They are assigned to assist a specific cabinet secretary.

Jure uxoris

Iure uxoris (or Jure uxrois) is a Latin term that was mainly used in the Middle Ages. It was used to refer to a title of nobility a man used, but which originally belonged to his wife, who also had that title.

Anne Cuneo

Anne Cuneo (September 1936 – 11 February 2015) was a French-born Swiss journalist, novelist, theatre and movie director and screenwriter.

She was born in Paris. She studied in Lausanne. Her first novel came in 1967 and was called "Gravé au diamant." In 1979 she received the lesser prize of the Schweizerische Schillerstiftung and by 1987 she worked for Télévision Suisse Romande.

Kesava Reddy

Kesava Reddy () (10 March 1946 – 13 February 2015) was a Telugu novelist. He was from Andhra Pradesh state in India. In his writings, he talked about many of the important social problems in India like poverty, prejudices, and superstitions, and encourages people to be socially responsible.

Stan Chambers

Stanley Holroyd "Stan" Chambers (August 11, 1923 – February 13, 2015) was an American television reporter. He worked for KTLA in Los Angeles from 1947 to 2010. Chambers has earned several Emmy Awards, Golden Mike Awards, LA City and County Proclamations, an LA Press Club Award, and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

He retired on August 11, 2010 on his 87th birthday, marking 63 years as a reporter at KTLA. Chambers died on February 13, 2015 in Los Angeles, at the age of 91.

Wim Ruska

Willem "Wim" Ruska (29 August 1940 – 14 February 2015) was a Dutch judoka. He was the only athlete to win two judo medals in one Olympics – in the heavyweight and absolute categories in 1972.

Ruska was admitted to a nursing home in 2014, he died on 14 February 2015, aged 74.

Franjo Mihalić

Franjo Mihalić (; March 9, 1920 – February 14, 2015) was a Croatian Yugoslav long-distance runner. He was best known for his 1958 win at the Boston Marathon and his marathon silver medal in the 1956 Summer Olympics. 

Marko Brainović

Marko Brainović (born 17 July 1920) is a Croatian water polo player. He competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal in 1952.


Cornelis Pieter van den Hoek

Cornelis Pieter van den Hoek (June 7, 1921 in Leerdam – February 12, 2015 in Werkendam) was a Dutch resistance fighter during World War II. He was born in Leerdam. Van den Hoek was one of the few knights of the Dutch Military William Order.

On October 30, 1948, by Royal Decree, Van den Hoek was knighted by Queen Juliana of the Netherlands, receiving the fourth class (Knight) of the Military William Order.

Kingdom of Navarre

The Kingdom of Navarre was a small kingdom in Europe. It was independent from 841 to 1820. The kingdom was roughly in the Basque Country on both sides of the Pyrenees mountains. In 1512, it was split into two parts: a Spanish part and a French part. In 1620, the French part, called Lower Navarre, became part of France. The Spanish part was independent until 1820. The capital of the kingdom was Pamplona.

Åkarp

Åkarp is a locality in Burlöv Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,617 people lived there.

Sanitation

Sanitation means dealing with human waste (feces and urine) safely . It also includes ways to maintain hygiene by disposing of garbage, treating wastewater and managing hazardous waste. Sanitation is important because it helps prevent the spread of germs and diseases. In past centuries it meant "health" and later "cleanliness". 

In poor countries, many people have poor sanitation because they do not have good toilets. They also do not have good sewage systems. In developed countries, people usually have good sanitation because they have a sewage system to filter disease and toxins from the water. The use of toilets protects the health of a community by keeping germs out of the environment.

There are also other types of toilets that are more economical, better for the environment, and do not need big sewer systems or wastewater treatment plants. Examples are dry toilets and twin-pit pour-flush toilets (of which many have been installed in India).

Vint Cerf

Vinton Gray "Vint" Cerf (; born June 23, 1943) is an American internet pioneer. He is thought of as one of "the fathers of the Internet", sharing this title with American engineer Bob Kahn. 

In March 2020 during the coronavirus pandemic, Cerf had tested positive for COVID-19.


Leonard Kleinrock

Leonard Kleinrock (born June 13, 1934) is an American engineer and computer scientist. He played an influential role in the creation of the ARPANET, the precursor to the Internet, at UCLA.


Bob Kahn

Robert Elliot "Bob" Kahn (born December 23, 1938) is an American electrical engineer. Along with Vint Cerf, he invented the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) and the Internet Protocol (IP), the fundamental communication protocols at the heart of the Internet.


Oliver Rackham

Oliver Rackham (17 October 1939 – 12 February 2015) was a British academic. He studied the British countryside, especially trees, woodlands and wood pasture, Rackham wrote a number of books, including "The History of the Countryside" (1986) and one on Hatfield Forest.

He died on 12 February 2015 at the age of 75.

Bess Myerson

Bess Myerson (July 16, 1924 – December 14, 2014) was an American model and television actress. She was also a former Miss America 1945. She was the only Jewish Miss America. She won the pageant not long after World War II ended.

She was seen often on television in the 1950s and 1960s.

She became a city commissioner in 1969. Her career, however, stalled in the late 1980s due to scandal.

Myerson was born in The Bronx, New York City. She had ovarian cancer in th 1970s and dementia at the end of her life. She died in Santa Monica, California, aged ninety.

Eryops

Eryops is a genus of extinct, semi-aquatic temnospondyl.

They are found mostly in the Lower Permian-aged (about 295 million years ago) red beds of Texas. Fossils are also found in New Mexico and parts of the eastern United States. "Eryops" also occurs in older Pennsylvanian strata of the Conemaugh Group in West Virginia 

"Eryops" averaged a little over 1.5-2.0 meters (5–6.5 ft) long, so it was one of the largest land animals of its time. It weighed about 90 kilograms (200 lb). It probably had few predators, although the apex predator of the time was the synapsid "Dimetrodon", which was even larger. Several complete skeletons of "Eryops" have been found in the Lower Permian, but skull bones and teeth are the most common fossils.

"Eryops" was better adapted to a terrestrial environment than its ancestors. Sturdy limbs and a strong spine supported the body while out of water.

Naseer Aruri

Naseer H. Aruri (7 January 1934 – 10 February 2015) was a Palestinian scholar-activist. He was an expert on Middle East politics, U.S. foreign policy in the Middle East and human rights. He was born in Jerusalem. 

Aruri was a Chancellor Professor (Emeritus) of Political Science, having served on the faculty of the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth from 1965-1998. 

Aruri died of Parkinson's disease at the age of 81.


David Walker (journalist)

David Edward Walker (born on May 21, 1941 in Edgewater, New Jersey) is an award-winning former television news anchor at KCRA in Sacramento, California. Walker first worked at WESH-TV in Orlando, Florida. He then moved to Sacramento in the 1970s with KOVR and KCRA. In 1980, Walker and co-anchor (and wife) Lois Hart left Sacramento to join CNN. They co-anchored CNN's first news broadcast on June 1, 1980. 

In 1989, he joined NBC's cable news channel Consumer News and Business Channel and anchored its first news program. In 1990, Walker and Hart decided to return to Sacramento, where they anchored evening news broadcasts until 2008. In November 2008 he retired from KCRA. 

2015 Copenhagen shootings

The 2015 Copenhagen attacks were two spree shootings in Copenhagen, Denmark, starting in the afternoon of 14 February 2015.

Lou Dobbs

Louis Carl "Lou" Dobbs (born September 24, 1945) is a television journalist, business writer and news anchor. He was the host of the program "Lou Dobbs Tonight" on the Fox Business Network. The show was cancelled in February 2021.

Before Fox, Dobbs was an anchor, managing editor, an executive vice president at CNN. Dobbs is an award-winning journalist. 

He has won an Emmy, a Peabody Award and a Luminary Award (from the Business Journalism Review).

Hoyt Wilhelm

James Hoyt Wilhelm (July 26, 1922 – August 23, 2002), nicknamed "Old Sarge", was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. Wilhelm played with the New York Giants, St. Louis Cardinals, Cleveland Indians, Baltimore Orioles, Chicago White Sox, California Angels, Atlanta Braves, Chicago Cubs, and Los Angeles Dodgers. He played between 1952 and 1972. He was the first relief pitcher in the Baseball Hall of Fame.

Wilhelm did not enter the major leagues until his late twenties. He fought in World War II before playing Major League Baseball. He was known to throw a knuckleball. He sometimes played as a starting pitcher but most of the time played as a relief pitcher. Wilhem won 124 games which is more than any other relief pitcher. He was also the first pitcher to reach 200 saves and play in 1,000 games. 

He pitched until he was almost 50 years old. Wilhelm retired with one of the lowest career earned run averages in baseball history. Wilhelm coached the New York Yankees and Atlanta Braves many years after his retirement. He was a resident of Sarasota, Florida for a long time and died in a nursing home of heart failure in 2002.

Wilhem was born on July 26, 1922, in Huntersville, North Carolina. His parents, John and Ethel (née Stanley) Wilhelm, were tenant farmers and had eleven children. He played baseball at Cornelius High School in Cornelius, North Carolina. There he started trying to throw the knuckleball. Because he could not throw very fast, he thought that being able to throw a knuckleball would make him successful. He used a tennis ball to practice.

Wilhem started playing Minor League Baseball in 1942. He served in the United States Army during World War II. Wilhem fought in the Battle of the Bulge and was wounded. He also earned the Purple Heart award. In the military, Wilhem reached the rank of staff sergeant. He was nicknamed "Old Sarge" because he served in the military.

After serving in the military, he returned to playing minor league baseball in 1946. The New York Giants drafted Wilhem in the 1947 minor league draft. This is when he started playing in the major leagues.

Västra Husby

Västra Husby is a locality in Söderköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 486 people lived there.

Östra Ryd

Östra Ryd is a locality in Söderköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 457 people lived there.

Vätterstads IK

Vätterstads IK was an ice hockey club in Jönköping-Huskvarna in Sweden. The club was established in-mid 1967 whenIK Stefa and Vättersnäs IF merged. The club played its home games in Rosenlundshallen. The club played in the Swedish second division during the seasons of 1967-1968 and 1968-1969

In 1971 the club merged with Husqvarna IF's ice hockey section. This led to the establishment of HV71.

Söderhamns UIF

Söderhamns UIF is a sports club in the town of Söderhamn in Sweden. The club was established in 1960. The club won the Swedish national men's table tennis team championship in the years of 1978, 1982, 1985, 2001 and 2010.


Donald Hall

Donald Andrew Hall, Jr. (September 20, 1928 – June 23, 2018), known as Donald Hall was an American poet, writer, editor and literary critic. He became the first poetry editor of "The Paris Review" (1953–1961). On June 14, 2006, Hall was appointed as the Library of Congress's 14th Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry (commonly known as "Poet Laureate of the United States"). Hall served as poet laureate for one year.



Michele Ferrero

Michele Ferrero () (26 April 1925 – 14 February 2015) was an Italian businessman.

He was born in Dogliani, Piedmont, the son of Pietro Ferrero. He had two sons: Pietro Ferrero Jr. and Giovanni Ferrero.

He was the owner of the chocolate maker Ferrero SpA, one of Europe's largest with estimated 2012 sales of $19 billion. This made Ferrero the richest man in Italy and one of the richest in Europe.

Halmstad BTK

Halmstad BTK is a table tennis club in Halmstad, Sweden. It was established on 27 October 1937. The club won the Swedish national men's team championship in 1993 and 2003 and the Swedish women's national team championship in 1991, 1992, 1995 and 1996. Jörgen Persson and Åsa Svensson have played for the club.


Kalmar BTK

Kalmar BTK is a table tennis club in the town of Kalmar in Sweden. It was established on 14 June 1960. The club won the Swedish national men's team championship in the years of 1996, 1999, 2000 and 2002. Jan-Ove Waldner played for the club between 1996 and 2006.


Ängby SK

Ängby SK is a sports club in Vällingby in Sweden. It was established in 1956. The club won the Swedish national men's table tennis team championship in the years of 1992 and 1995. The women's team won the Swedish national championship during the season of 2014-2015. Jan-Ove Waldner and Mikael Appelgren have played for the club.


Lyckeby BTK

Lyckeby BTK is a table tennis club in Lyckeby in the town of Karlskrona in Sweden. it was established on 16 December 1946. The club won the Swedish national women's team championship in the years of 1994 and 1997. The club was known as Lösens BTK up to 1995.


Relief pitcher

In baseball and softball, a relief pitcher or reliever is a pitcher who enters the game after the starting pitcher is removed. There are different kinds of relief pitchers such as closers, set-up relief pitchers, middle relief pitchers, left/right-handed specialists, and long relievers. Relief pitchers are expected to pitch many games but in fewer innings than starters.

Putty

Putty is a squeezy dough-like material used for filling small spaces. It is often used for woodwork repair. Painters use it to fill holes and cracks in wood. Fireproof putties can be used round electrical boxes in drywall setups. 

Plumber's putty is waterproof, used to make watertight seals in plumbing. Putty is always used for traditional glazing. It fixes and seal panes of glass into wooden frames (or sashes). PVC and metal window frames use synthetic sealants such as silicone. 

Glazing putty is traditionally made by mixing a base of whiting (finely ground chalk) with linseed oil in various proportions. In woodworking, water-based putties are more often used: they have no odour, and are easy to clean up. They work just as well with water-based and latex sealers. There are now synthetic putties of various types. There are epoxy (two-part) putties which dry hard as iron, and holes can be drilled in if needed.

Ärtemarks IF

Ärtemarks IF is a sports club in Ärtemark in Sweden. The club's table tennis section won the Swedish women's national championships during the seasons of 2005-2006 and 2006-2007. The men's team qualified for the 2007-2008 Elitserien. The men's table tennis team also played som home games in the People's Republic of China. The club's table tennis activity was transfered over to Dals BTK in 2014.


Norrköpings BTK

Norrköpings BTK was a table tennis club in the town of Norrköping in Sweden. The club won the Swedish national women's team championship during the season of 1997-1998.

Öråns SK

Öråns SK is a sports club in the town of Lycksele in Sweden. It was established in 1970, The club won the Swedish national women's team table tennis championship during the season of 1998-1999.

MFF Bordtennis

MFF Bordtennis was the table tennis section of Malmö FF. The section was set up in 1975. The club won the Swedish national men's team championship during the seasons of 1988/1989, 1989-1990, 1990-1991, 1993-1994, 1996-1997, 1997-1998 and 2003-2004. The men's team became silver medalists at the Swedish national men's team championship during the season of 2004-2005. Jörgen Persson and Thomas von Scheele have both played for the club.

The table tennis section applied for bankruptcy on 3 July 2006. The table tennis section was then closed. Some attempts to keep the youth activity were done.

Jetstar Pacific Airlines

Jetstar Pacific Airlines is a low-cost airline of Vietnam. It was established by Vietnam Airlines in 1991. It flies to many domestic and some international destinations (Macau, Bangkok, Singapore). Its main airport is Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City. It has 10 Airbus A320 aircraft and will have 15 aircraft later in 2015.


Stone Forest

Stone Forest ("Shilin") is a remarkable region of limestone columns. It is in Yunnan Province, China. Two parts of the site, the Naigu Stone Forest and Suogeyi Village are UNESCO World Heritage Sites. They are part of the South China Karst. The site is classified as a AAAAA-class tourist site. This is the highest rating in the Chinese tourist system.

The stone forests formed some 270 million years ago in what was a shallow sea. They are mostly limestone, with some sandstone. Horizontal strata were laid down in the basin, and later was pushed up into the air. The limestone in the rocks was then eroded by wind and water to create these spectacular stone pillars. There is a very similar "forest" in Melarky, Madagascar, known as the Tsingy.

Jonathan Klein

Jonathan Klein was president of Cable News Network (CNN) for 6 years. He was fired in 2010. He was replaced by Ken Jautz, leader of CNN's sister network, CNN Headline News. Klein hired Eliot Spitzer as a talk show host. He fired Larry King and replaced him with Piers Morgan. While at CNN, he tried to hire Keith Olbermann away from NBC's cable news channel MSNBC. CNN exceutive Jim Walton did not want that, and it did not happen.

Aaron Brown

Aaron Brown (born November 10, 1948) is an American broadcast journalist. He anchored "Newsnight with Aaron Brown", CNN's main newscast. He is noted for his reporting of the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center. Previously he worked at ABC News as a weekend news anchor. He was a local television reporter in Seattle prior to this. Brown is now a professor of journalism at Arizona State University.

Johan Jüngling

Johan Jüngling, born 1977, is a Swedish former squash player. He represented Växjö SK and lived in the town of Jönköping. He represented Sweden at several European championships and world championships.

He played for the Swedish national team for 10 years and was ranked number-one in Sweden. He won the Swedish national championship eight times as a junior. As a senior he bcame Swedish national champion four times. He also won the Andalucian team championship in 2005.

Managing editor

A Managing Editor is a senior member of a Mass media management team. In radio and television networks the managing editor is the top executive. At local stations, a managing editor works directly under the news director. In newspaper publishing the Managing Editor (ME) reports directly to the editor-in-chief. In most organizations the managing editor can hire, fire, or promote staff members. In network broadcasting, the job of managing editor may be combined with other jobs. For example on NBC, Tom Brokaw was both anchor and managing editor of NBC Nightly News. At CNN Lou Dobbs was an anchor, managing editor and executive vice president. At the Fox News Channel, Brit Hume was an anchor and the Washington DC division's managing editor.

Chocolate Hills

The Chocolate Hills are a geological formation in Bohol Province, Philippines. There are at least 1,260 hills (and maybe more) spread over an area of more than . They are covered in green grass that turns brown (like chocolate) during the dry season, hence the name.

The Chocolate Hills a famous tourist attraction of the state Bohol. They are on the provincial flag and seal as natural attractions of the province. They are in the Philippine Tourism Authority's list of tourist destinations in the Philippines. They have been declared the country's third National Geological Monument and proposed for inclusion in the UNESCO World Heritage List.

The Chocolate Hills are conical karst hills similar to those seen in the limestone regions of Slovenia, Croatia, northern Puerto Rico, and Pinar del Río Province, Cuba. They probably started as corals growing in a warm, shallow sea about two million years ago. The hills consist of sandy to rubbly marine limestones. These limestones contain abundant fossils of foraminifera, coral, molluscs, and algae. These conical hills were created by limestone dissolving in rainfall and groundwater. There was erosion by rivers and streams after they were lifted above sea level. The hills are separated by flat plains and have numerous caves and springs. The Chocolate Hills are a remarkable example of conical karst topography.

Bill Kristol

William Kristol (born December 23, 1952) is an American political analyst and commentator. He was the editor and publisher of the political magazine "The Weekly Standard" until it closed. Kristol was a Fox News political analyst until friction with Fox News Chief Executive Officer Roger Ailes caused him to switch to the news division of ABC, where he is a political analyst.

Since 1975, he has been married to Susan Scheinberg. They met while they were both graduate students at Harvard. Scheinberg is a Ph.D. in classics. They have three children. Their daughter Anne is married to writer Matthew Continetti. Continetti is editor-in-chief of The Washington Free Beacon. Their son Joseph served in the U.S. Marine Corps in Afghanistan and worked for the management consulting company McKinsey & Company. He started working as legislative director for Senator Tom Cotton in 2018. Kristol lives in Northern Virginia.

His father was neoconservative icon Irving Kristol and his mother was political historian Gertrude Himmelfarb.

Richie Pratt

Richie Pratt (March 11, 1943 – February 12, 2015, born Richard Dean Tyree) was an American jazz drummer. He began his career as a professional musician on the New York scene in the early 1970s. He was born in Olathe, Kansas.

Pratt died in Leavenworth, Kansas, aged 71.

R. R. Patil

Raosaheb Ramrao Patil, better known as R. R. Patil () (16 August 1957 – 16 February 2015), was an Indian politician from the state of Maharashtra. He was a leader of the Nationalist Congress Party. He became Home Minister of Maharashtra. He was also the former Deputy Chief Minister of Maharashtra. He won assembly election from Tasgaon Constituency.

Uri Orbach

Uri Shraga Orbach, Hebrew: אורי שרגא אורבך , (March 28, 1960 – February 16, 2015) was an Israeli Religious Zionist writer, journalist and politician. He served as a Member of Knesset for The Jewish Home party and as Pensioner Affairs Minister.

Orbach was born in Petah Tikva and died of blood disease in Jerusalem, aged 54.


Haron Amin

Haron Amin (Dari: هارون امین‎; June 19, 1969 – February 15, 2015) was the Afghan ambassador to Japan and non-resident ambassador to Thailand, the Philippines and Singapore from 2004 to 2009. Amin was born in Kabul, Afghanistan.

Amin died of cancer at a U.S. hospital, aged 47.

John Davies (historian)

John Davies (25 April 1938 – 16 February 2015) was a Welsh historian, and a television and radio broadcaster. He worked for the BBC during his entire career.

Davies died at the age of 76.


Walter Keane

Walter Stanley Keane (October 7, 1915 – December 27, 2000) was an American painter and plagiarist. He became famous in the 1950s for claiming he had painted a series of widely-reproduced paintings depicting vulnerable waifs with enormous eyes. The paintings were in fact painted by his wife Margaret Keane.

Margaret Keane

Margaret D. H. Keane (born Peggy Doris Hawkins; September 15, 1927 – June 26, 2022) was an American artist. She mainly painted women, children, and animals in oil or mixed media. 

Keane's works are recognizable by the big, doll-like eyes of the people she painted.

In the 1960s, her artwork was sold under the name of her husband, Walter Keane, who claimed credit for it. They went to court and Margaret won the case.

Keane died on June 26, 2022 in Napa, California from heart failure, aged 94.

Wayne Allwine

Wayne Anthony Allwine (February 7, 1947 - May 18, 2009) was an American voice actor, sound effects editor and foley artist for The Walt Disney Company. He was best known for his role as the voice of Mickey Mouse from 1977 to 2009. He was married to voice actress Russi Taylor, who was the voice of Minnie Mouse. He died on May 18, 2009 of complications of diabetes. He received an Emmy Award for sound editing in 1986.


Clinamen

Clinamen is the word Lucretius gave to the unpredictable swerve of atoms. He means that these atoms don't just fall down, but because of the swerve collisions happen. Lucretius wrote that without this slight swerve (atoms) would "fall like raindrops and never touch and the world would have never been made". Lucretius was the first to write about Chaos theory. 

Pyramidion

A pyramidion (plural pyramidia) is the very top piece of an Egyptian pyramid. They were called "benbenet" in the Ancient Egyptian language. In Egypt's Old Kingdom, pyramidia were made of diorite, granite, or limestone. These were then covered in gold or electrum. The gold would reflect the rays of the sun. In later times they were made from granite which had royal titles and religious symbols cut into them.

Very few pyramidia still exist. Most of those that have are made of polished black granite, with the name of the pyramid's owner cut into them. There are four pyramidia on show in the main hall of the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. They include the pyramidia from the Black Pyramid of Amenemhat III at Dahshur and the Pyramid of Khendjer at Saqqara.

A badly damaged white Tura limestone pyramidion is thought to have been made for the Red Pyramid of Sneferu at Dahshur. It has been rebuilt and put on show at the side of the pyramid. However it does not match, as its angles are steeper than that of the sides of the pyramid.

During the New Kingdom, some private underground tombs had a small brick pyramid built on top of them. These pyramids were topped with a pyramidia. The four sides included texts and scenes about the cult of the Sun god Ra.

The scenes usually show the course of the sun. It is shown rising on one side, and setting on the opposite side, and traveling, through the night, through the underworld, ruled by Osiris.

The pyramidion of the scribe Moses was made about 1250 BC from limestone. It is 53 cm tall and shows him making an offering, with his name, on two opposite sides. The other two sides show a baboon which represents the god Thoth.

The pyramidion of Ptahemwia was made about 1200 BC, from limestone. It is 28 cm wide and 42 cm tall, and shows sun-related scenes. The Sun god, Ra, and the god of the Underworld, Osiris, are shown on one side. On another side is Ptahemwia, standing in an offering pose, facing three columns of hieroglyphs.



University of the Humanities

The University of the Humanities is a public university in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia. The Mongolian name is Хүмүүнлэгийн ухааны их сургууль. It has undergraduate and graduate programs. Fields of study include foreign languages, translation, education, journalism, computer science, economics and business.

The school is in downtown Ulaanbaatar at Grand Chinggis Khaan Square. The university is accredited by the Mongolian National Council for Education Accreditation.


Movita Castaneda

Maria "Movita" Castaneda (April 12, 1916 – February 12, 2015), was an American actress. She was known for being the second wife of actor Marlon Brando. She was known for her roles in "Flying Down to Rio" (1933) and "Mutiny on the Bounty".

Castaneda died in Los Angeles, California from complications of a neck injury, aged 98.

Frank Lloyd

Frank Lloyd (2 February 1886 – 10 August 1960) was a Scottish-American movie director, scriptwriter and producer. Lloyd was among the founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, and its president between 1934 and 1935.

Saqqara

Saqqara (), or Sakkara, is a vast ancient burial ground in Egypt, in area. It was the necropolis for the Ancient Egyptian capital, Memphis. Saqqara has numerous pyramids, including the world famous Pyramid of Djoser. This is sometimes referred to as the Step Tomb due to its rectangular base, and its 'steps' (mastabas: the Arabic word for 'bench'). It is about south of Cairo.

Djoser's pyramid is the oldest complete stone building complex known. It was built in the Third Dynasty. Another 16 Egyptian kings built pyramids at Saqqara: these pyramids are now in various states of preservation. High officials added private funeral monuments to this necropolis during the whole pharaonic period. It was an important complex for non-royal burials and cult ceremonies for more than 3,000 years, well into Ptolemaic and Roman times.

In 2018, an undisturbed tomb was discovered. It is believed to be the tomb of the royal priest Wahtye. The intact interior includes figures with colors on sculptures and wall carvings.

The area from Giza to Dahshur was made a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1979. The official name is "Memphis and its Necropolis – the Pyramid Fields from Giza to Dahshur". 

Some scholars think the name 'Saqqara' is not taken from the ancient Egyptian funerary god Sokar, but from a supposed local Berber Tribe called Beni Saqqar.

<br>

Bramble Cay melomys

The Bramble Cay melomys, or Bramble Cay mosaic-tailed rat ("Melomys rubicola"), is an extinct species of rodent in the family Muridae. While it was similar to the Cape York melomys it had some protein differences and a coarser tail. It was genetically different to species from Australia and New Guinea. It lived in burrows it had dug among plants, or under branches and leaves on the ground. It was a nocturnal animal, and scientists believe it was a vegetarian.

The Bramble Cay melomys was known only from a small population in Bramble Cay, a vegetated coral cay of . The cay is in the eastern part of Torres Strait, off the northern tip of Australia. It is only 50 km from New Guinea. The melomys were probably trapped on the island by rising sea levels after the last ice age. It is also possible to have come from the Fly River, perhaps floating on branches. Scientists do not know much about the animals that live in the Fly River area.

In the 1800s, there were lots of melomys on the island. A search in 1998 found 42 animals. Another search in 2002 found 10 animals. In 2004 a search found 12, but the melomys have not been seen since. During this time, the sea level has risen, making the island smaller, and turtles and sea birds have eaten most of the plants. Scientists believe the Bramble Cay melomys is extinct. It is possible that the species may be found on nearby islands as many of these have never been searched. However, in June 2016, researchers from Queensland's Department of Environment and Heritage Protection, and the University of Queensland reported that the species had indeed become extinct.

Aleksandr Melentyev

Aleksandr Remmovich Melentyev (, born June 27, 1954 in Penza, died Feb 16, 2015 in Bishkek) was a Soviet/Kyrgyz sport shooter. He competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics (where he won a gold medal) and in the 1988 Summer Olympics. 

Heinrich Windelen

Heinrich Windelen (25 June 1921 in Bolkenhain - 16 February 2015 in Warendorf) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union. He served as a Member of the Bundestag from 1957 to 1990, and as Federal Minister for Displaced Persons, Refugees and War Victims in the Cabinet Kiesinger in 1969 and as Federal Minister of Intra-German Relations in the Cabinet Kohl II from 1983 to 1987.

Brooklyn (disambiguation)

Brooklyn is one of the five boroughs of New York City.

Brooklyn might also refer to:

Stephen Furst

Stephen Furst (May 8, 1954 – June 16, 2017) was an American actor. He played Kent in "National Lampoon's Animal House". He also acted in other movies and other television shows.

On June 16, 2017, Furst died from complications related to diabetes at his home in Moorpark, California, at age 63.

Linda Ellerbee

Linda Ellerbee (born August 15, 1944) is an American journalist. She worked for "Nick News with Linda Ellerbee". She also worked on NBC News. At NBC, she worked on "The Today Show".

She was born in Bryan, Texas.

Stratford Festival

The Stratford Festival, formerly called the Stratford Shakespeare Festival, is an annual theatre festival held in Stratford, Ontario, Canada. It runs from April to October. About a third of the plays are by William Shakespeare. The remainder range from Greek tragedy to contemporary theatre. The theme for the 2015 season is called "eureka moments". Featured plays will include Shakespeare's "Hamlet", "The Taming of the Shrew" and "Love's Labour's Lost".

Sea Life Minnesota Aquarium

Sea Life Minnesota Aquarium is a public aquarium located in the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, USA. It holds over 10,000 aquatic creatures. This includes a large collection of sharks, sea turtles, stingrays and fresh water fish. The aquarium also features sea turtles, octopuses, and lobsters. Freshwater exhibits include game fish from the northern United States. There are several giant catfish and a alligator gar. The aquarium has 30 tanks. The aquarium includes a clear acrylic tunnel. It has the "world's largest jellyfish collection" and the "world's largest underground shark exhibit".

Perro de Presa Canario

The Perro de Presa Canario is a large Mastiff-type dog breed from the Canary Islands. It was bred for working livestock. Also to run off or kill other dogs. They are often on the list of outlawed dogs in places that ban dangerous breeds. They are a working breed that can weigh . If trained and socialized early they can make a good family pet. They make excellent guard dogs.

The name of the breed is Spanish and means "Canarian catch dog". The name is often shortened to "Presa Canario" or simply "Presa". The breed is sometimes also called Dogo Canario or Canary Dog.

Claude Criquielion

Claude Criquielion (11 January 1957 – 18 February 2015) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. He raced between 1979 and 1990. In 1984, Criquielion became the world road race champion in Barcelona, Spain on a gruelling course. He had five top-ten finishes in the Tour de France.


Cass Ballenger

Thomas Cass Ballenger (December 6, 1926 – February 18, 2015) was an American politician. He was a Republican. He represented North Carolina's 10th Congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1986 to 2005.

Lasse Braun

Lasse Braun (born Alberto Ferro; 11 January 1936 – 16 February 2015) was an Italian pornographer, movie director, producer, screenwriter, novelist and researcher. He was known for creating hardcore pornography movies and selling them to peep shows in the United States.

Braun died from complications of diabetes on February 16, 2015 in Rome, Italy at the age of 78.


Andrzej Koszewski

Andrzej Koszewski (Poznań, 26 July 1922 – 17 February 2015) was a Polish composer, musicologist and teacher. His students included Lidia Zielińska, Krzesimir Dębski and Bettina Skrzypczak.

Koyaanisqatsi

Koyaanisqatsi is a 1982 movie. It was produced and directed by Godfrey Reggio. The music for the movie was composed by Philip Glass. The movie is a collection of shots from a wide range of places. Most of them show modern life as an unstoppable, almost mechanical sequence of events. The title of the movie, "Koyaanisqatsi" comes from the Hopi Indian language and means "life out of balance" or "crazy life". The movie is designed to make us question our modern way of life and to see that the way we live now is not in balance with nature. The movie shows a number of images, such as the organised demolition of the Pruit Igoe housing complex, the inside of a factory producing endless copies, the faces of strangers in crowded streets and time-lapse images of cars and other vehicles speeding along cities. The effect of the music and the movie together is very powerful. The movie is part of the "Qatsi" trilogy.

Peanut butter and jelly sandwich

The peanut butter and jelly sandwich or PB&J is a sandwich, popular in North America. It has a layer of peanut butter and either jelly or jam usually on 2 slices of bread.

Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwiches have around 375 calories.

Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwiches are popular in schools. On April 2, 2016, it is revealed most people may eat almost 3,000 peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.

Ice cream cone

An ice cream cone, poke or cornet is a dry, cone-shaped pastry used to hold ice cream. It is usually made of a wafer similar in texture to a waffle. Ice cream cones let you eat without a bowl or a spoon. Different types of ice cream cones include wafer (or cake) cones, waffle cones, and sugar cones.

Scholz's Star

Scholz's Star is a nearby star which flew through the Solar System's Oort cloud about 70,000 years ago. It is also called WISE 0720-0846 (more fully: WISE J072003.20-084651.2.

This binary star system is now about from the Sun. It is in the southern constellation Monoceros near the Galactic plane. The primary is a red dwarf with times the mass of Jupiter. The secondary is probably a T5 brown dwarf. The system has 0.15 solar masses. The system has an apparent magnitude of 18.3, and is about 3–10 billion years old.

Stars probably pass through the Oort cloud every 100,000 years or so. Comets disturbed by the Oort cloud will take about two million years to get to the inner Solar System.

Ross 248

Ross 248 (HH Andromedae) is a small star about from Earth. It is in the direction of the northern constellation of Andromeda. Despite its proximity to the Earth, this star is too dim to be seen with the naked eye. Ross 248 was first catalogued by Frank Elmore Ross in 1926 with his second list of proper motion stars.

The star is a UV Ceti-type variable star and a red dwarf

Koç Holding

Koç Holding, the largest Turkish industrial conglomerate and Turkey's largest group of companies. Koç Holding was founded in 1926 by Vehbi Koç. Its headquarters in Nakkaştepe, Istanbul.

Koç Holding is the only Turkish company to be listed in Fortune Global 500 list.

Currently, Koç Holding’s Chairman is Ömer Koç.


Amor à Vida

Amor à Vida (Trail of Lies) is a Brazilian telenovela. It is produced by Rede Globo. It was Written by Walcyr Carrasco. It's stars include Paolla Oliveira, Mateus Solano and Juliano Cazarré.


Marianne Berglund

Marianne Berglund, born 23 June 1963 in Skellefteå, Sweden is a Swedish former road racing cyclist. She won the women's road race during the UCI Road World Championships in Altenrhein, Switzerland on 3 September. She has also won the Tour of Texas. She won the first edition of Tjejtrampet in the year of 1990.


Örkelljunga VK

Örkelljunga VK is a volleyball club in Örkelljunga in Sweden. It was established in August 1982. The club won the Swedish men's national championship in the years of 1999 2002, 2003 and 2004.


Hylte/Halmstad VBK

Hylte/Halmstad VBK is a volleyball club in Hyltebruk, Sweden. It was established in 1980. The club won the Swedish men's national championship in the years of 1995, 1996 2000, 2001, 2005, 2006, 2013 and 2018. The women's team won the Swedish national championship in 2014.


Vingåkers VK

Vingåkers VK is a volleyball club in Vingåker in Sweden. It was established in 1972. The club lost the Swedish men's national championship finals against Örkelljunga VK in the years 0f 2003.


Väröbacka

Väröbacka is a locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 630 people lived there.

Innuendo (song)

Innuendo is the first single from the 1991 album "Innuendo", by the English rock band Queen. This single is one of the longest released by Queen. The video is contains animation and clips from other Queen songs, like "The Miracle", "Breakthru", "The Invisible Man", "Scandal" and "I Want It All". The single "Innuendo" reached #1 on the UK Singles Chart in 1991.

A very elaborate music video was created to accompany the single and released on 10 December 1990, combining stop motion animation with rotoscoping and featuring creepy dolls in a detailed miniature cinema set. The band members only appear as illustrations and images, mainly taken from earlier Queen music videos (such as "The Miracle", "Scandal", "Breakthru", "The Invisible Man", "I Want It All", and clips from "Live at Wembley Stadium 1986"), on a cinema screen in the same manner as in the film "Nineteen Eighty-Four", with Mercury drawn in the style of Leonardo da Vinci, May in the style of Victorian etchings, Taylor in the style of Jackson Pollock, and Deacon in the style of Pablo Picasso. It also featured a montage of historical stock footages. The interlude of Flamenco music showed some claymation figures of jesters, tumbling, clapping and juggling, which were animated by Klaybow Films. The video won production company DoRo (who also produced the videos to all other singles from the "Innuendo" album) a Monitor Award for Best Achievement in Music Video.



Cathy Ubels-Veen

Catharina "Cathy" Ubels-Veen (28 October 1928 – 17 February 2015) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the Second Chamber of the Netherlands for the Evangelical People's Party between 1982 and 1986.

Ubels-Veen died in Amsterdam, aged 86.


Ernest J. Sternglass

Ernest Joachim Sternglass (September 24, 1923 – February 12, 2015) was an German-American physicist and writer. He was the emeritus professor at the University of Pittsburgh and Director of the Radiation and Public Health Project.

Sternglass was best known for his controversial research on the health risks of low-level radiation from atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons and from nuclear power plants.

Sternglass died in Ithaca, New York from heart failure, aged 91.


Kvinnliga IK Sport

Kvinnliga IK Sport is a sports club in Gothenburg in Sweden. Just as the name says the club only runs women's activity. Since the late 1970s men are however allowed to be board members. The club nowadays only runs handball activity., The handball team won 14 Swedish national indoor championship titles between 1951 and 1972 (1951, 1952, 1953, 1954, 1955, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1961, 1964, 1969, 1971 and 1972). Earlier the club even ran cycling, gymnastics, track and field athletics, speedskating and orienteering.


Jerome Kersey

Jerome Kersey (June 26, 1962 – February 18, 2015) was an American professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association. He was born in Clarksville, Virginia. He was known for playing with the Portland Trail Blazers from 1984 until 1995. He also served in various coaching roles in the NBA. He died in Tualatin, Oregon.

Bengt Ohlson

Bengt Ohlson, born 10 March 1943, is a Swedish former ice hockey player and manager. He acted as the head coach for the Swedish national team during the 1980-1981 season. During that season Sweden won the silver medal during the 1981 IIHF World Championship. Otherwise that season had been less successful for the Swedes. He resigned after being threatened to death.

When Sweden won the silver medal he became popular known as "Silverfisken" by the Swedes. He had been called "Torsken" after the Swedish fiasco during the 1980 Izvestia Tournament.


Hickory, North Carolina

Hickory is a city in Catawba County, North Carolina, United States. It had a population of 43,490 as of 2020. Its metropolitan area has 368,347 people as of 2020.

Kabe sommarland

Kabe sommarland or just Kabeland was a summertime-based amusement park in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. What once was a summer park is now deserted and ruined. It was located at Haga near the Jönköping paintball park.

The facility was built by KABE Husvagnar AB back in the early 1980s. The park was opened in 1984 by Gösta Gunnarsson. He was back then Jönköping County governor. The first years were successful. By the early 1990s economic recession stroke hard against the economy. A pyrmaniac was roaming the neighbourhoods some years later. In September 1995 a fire destroyed the restaurant. Following the 1995 season the park was closed down, deserted and devastated.

Summer park

A summer park is a form of theme park with a summertime theme. A summer park is only opened during the summertime season. Playgrounds and swimming pool make up most attractions instead of carousels.

Several summer parks have been built in Denmark.

The phenomenon was booming in Sweden by the late and mid 1980s. It expanded during the economic boom before a decrease began in the early 1990s during the economc recession. The phenomenon was also decreasing because of the introduction of a wider entertainment market.

Kate Brown

Katherine "Kate" Brown (born June 21, 1960) is an American politician. She was raised in Minnesota. She became the 38th Governor of Oregon on February 18, 2015 after the resignation of John Kitzhaber. 

Brown is the state's second female governor, after Barbara Roberts. She is the first openly bisexual governor in United States history.

Clu Gulager

William Martin "Clu" Gulager (November 16, 1928 – August 5, 2022) was an American actor and director. He was born in Holdenville, Oklahoma. He was known for his co-starring role as William H. Bonney (Billy the Kid) in the 1960–1962 NBC television series "The Tall Man" and for his role as Emmett Ryker in another NBC western series, "The Virginian".

He also played Burt Wilson in "The Return of the Living Dead" and Ken Walsh in "". He also played a book store owner in Quentin Tarantino's 2019 movie "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood".

Gulager died on August 5, 2022 at his son's home in Los Angeles, California at the age of 93.


Hope Emerson

Hope Emerson (October 29, 1897 – April 25, 1960) was an American actress. She acted in television and movies and on the stage. She played Evelyn Harper in "Caged" (1950). She also played a mail order bride in "Westward the Women" (1952).

Emerson was born in Hawarden, Iowa. She died from liver disease at age 62.

Johnny &quot;Guitar&quot; Watson

Johnny "Guitar" Watson (February 3, 1935 – May 17, 1996) was an American singer. He sang blues, soul and funk music. He had hit songs in the 1970s with "Ain't That a Bitch" and "Superman Lover". He had many other hits. 

Watson was born in Houston, Texas. He died from a heart attack in Japan.

Sex assignment

Sex assignment or gender assignment is the process of determining the sex of a baby, whether it is a boy or a girl. Usually, the doctor, parents or midwife look at the sex organs of a newborn baby to do this. The assigned sex is written on the birth certificate, passport and other identification papers.

Even though it is called "assignment," these adults are not literally assigning (choosing) whether the child is male or female. In most people, the sex assigned at birth matches the person's own gender identity. If the assigned sex does not match a person's gender identity, the person is transgender. In a very small number of newborn babies, it is not possible to tell whether the child's body is male or female by looking at the sex organs. These people are intersex.


Official Museums of Amsterdam

The Official Museums of Amsterdam (OAM) is an organization of museums in Amsterdam, Netherlands. It was founded in 1994. All member museums belong to the Dutch museum association.

The current list of the 44 members: 

Ciudad del Este

Ciudad del Este (Spanish for "City of the East") is the second largest city in Paraguay and capital of the Alto Paraná Department, on the Paraná River.

Founded in 1957, it was first called "Puerto Flor de Lis", then "Puerto Presidente Stroessner", after Alfredo Stroessner. In 1989, its name was changed to Ciudad del Este.

Ciudad del Este is in southeastern Paraguay, in the "Oriental" region. The district area is and an estimated population in 2015 of 290,912 for a population density of inhabitants/km.

Ciudad del Este is in front of the Brazilian city of Foz do Iguaçu (state of Paraná), separated from it by Paraná River and linked by the "Friendship Bridge". The Argentine border is between the neighbouring town of Presidente Franco and Puerto Iguazú (Misiones Province). Ciudad del Este, along with the towns and districts of Hernandarias, Minga Guazú and Presidente Franco, forms an area named "Gran Ciudad del Este" ("Greater Ciudad del Este").



Simborgarmärket

Simborgarmärket is an award given to any person who can swim at least 200 meter. He or she can choose which stroke to use. The award was first awarded on 8 July 1934. It was established on the initiative of David Jonason. The ambition was increase the number of people able to swim. It was originally only awarded to people aged 16 and older. Girls and women originally only needed to swim 150 meters.

Rickard Fagerlund

Rickard Fagerlund, born 25 January 1937 in Södertälje, Sweden, dead 31 December 2009, was a Swedish ice hockey player and manager. He played as a defenseman for Södertälje SK. He won the Swedish national championship in 1956. He also played for GAIS, IFK Norrköping and IK Oskarshamn. He later coached HC Vita Hästen.

He was the chairman of the Swedish Ice Hockey Association between 17 September 1983 and 15 June 2002.

Show and Prove

Show and Prove is the first studio album by American rapper, Wiz Khalifa. "Show and Prove" was released on September 5, 2006 through Rostrum Records. The album featured the single "Pittsburgh Sound".

Curt Lundmark

Curt "Curre" Lundmark, born 9 September 1944 in Byske, Sweden is a Swedish former ice hockey player and manager. He acted as the for the Swedish men's national team when it won the gold medal during the 1994 Olympic Winter Games in Lillehammer. Earlier he had also assisted Conny Evensson when Sweden won the 1991 IIHF World Championship in Turku and the 1992 IIHF World Championship in Prague. Curt Lundmark also led the to a silver medal during the 1995 IIHF World Championship in Stockholm. The Swedes lost the final game against Finland (1-4) during that tournament. Curt Lundmark resigned after that tournament. He was replaced by Kent Forsberg.

He has also coached club teams like Västerås IK, HV 71, Jokerit and Leksands IF. For some years he was also the SVT Sport expert commentator. As an expert commentator he often worked with Åsa E. Jönsson or Staffan Lindeborg.

Sune Bergman

Sune Bergman (5 December 1952 – August 2021) was a Swedish ice hockey player and manager. When coaching HV71 the club won the 1995 Swedish national championship.

Bergman died in August 2021, aged 68.

Borlänge HK

Borlänge HK is a handball club in the town of Borlänge in Sweden. It was established in 1947. The club won the Swedish women's national championship in the years of 1970, 1973 and 1978. The women's team played 11 seasons in the Swedish top division between 1971-1972 and 1995-1996. and the men's team played in the Swedish top division during the 1984-1985 season.


Eslövs IK

Eslövs IK is a sports club in Eslöv in Sweden. It was established in 1961. Nowadays the club mostly runs handball activity. The women's team won the Swedish national indoor championship titles in 2002 and 2003.

The women's team plays under the name Eslövs IK (up to 2002 Team Skåne EIK). The club also runs the women's Division 2 team 'Eslövstjejerna'.


Skuru IK

Skuru IK is a sports club in Skuru in Nacka in Sweden. It was established on 22 October 1922. The club runs basketball, gymnastics, handball and swimming activity. Earlier it even ran bowling and ice hockey. The club began to play handball in 1950. The women's handball team won the Swedish national indoor championship titles in the years of 2001, 2004 and 2005.


Skånela IF

Skånela IF is a sports club in Märsta in Sweden. It was established in 1949. The club mostly plays handball. The club won the Swedish women's national indoor handball championship in 1992.


SoIK Hellas

SoIK Hellas is a sports club located in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was established on 14 May 1899 as Pastorns gossar by Katarina Parish confirmation priest Ernst Klefbeck. The club then changed its name to SoIK Hellas in 1912. The name change also came on the initiative of Ernst Klefbeck. Nowadays the club runs bowling, track and field athletics, handball, swimming, orienteering, tennis and water polo. The club earlier even ran soccer, table tennis, fencing, gymnastics, cross-country skiing, diving, ski orienteering and squash.

The men's handball team won the Swedish National Indoor Handball championship in the years of 1936, 1937, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1972 and 1977. Even the men's water polo team has won Swedish championship titles.

The club decided in 2009 to become an alliance club from 2010.


National Society for Road Safety

The National Society for Road Safety () is a road traffic safety organization in Sweden. The organization was established in 1934.


Motormännens riksförbund

Riksförbundet M Sverige (M Sverige), formerly Motormännens riksförbund is an organization for motor vehicle-owners in Sweden. It was established in 1922. in Malmö as "Sveriges förenade motormän". The name was changed in 1924.


Stuart Varney

Stuart Varney (born July 7, 1949) is a British economic journalist. Varney joined Fox News Channel in January, 2004 as a business contributor on other shows including "Your World with Neil Cavuto". He joined the Fox Business Network as an anchor when the network started in October 2007. He was also a guest host and contributor for FOX News Channel's "Your World with Neil Cavuto."

Varney was born on July 7, 1949 in Derby, Derbyshire, England. he graduated from the London School of Economics. He started at KEMO-TV in San Francisco as a business anchor. In 1980 when CNN started, he hosted shows such as "Business Day" and "Business Asia". On CNN’s "Moneyline" he co-hosted with Willow Bay from 1999 to 2001. He also worked for CNBC.

Luleå BBK

Luleå BBK is a basketball club in the town of Luleå in Sweden. The club was established in 1978. Before the 2011-2012 season the club changed its names to Northland Basket. The club changed back to its original name in mid-July 2015.

The club won the Swedish women's national basketball championship in 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017. The club also lost the national finals in the years of 2005, 2006, 2007, 2011 and 2012.2017 and 2018.


Visby BBK

Visby BBK is a basketball club in Visby, Sweden. The club was established in 1992 out of the Visby AIK basketball section. The women's team play as Visby Ladies. The club won the Swedish women's national basketball championship during the season of 2004-2005.

Tia Paschal played for the club during the 1997-1998 season.


Ockelbo BBK

Ockelbo BBK is a basketball club in Ockelbo in Sweden. The club was established in 1969. The women's team played in Elitserien between 1995-1999. The men's team qualified for the Swedish Basketball League in 2003. In 2006 the club was suffering from economic problems in 2006. The club applied for bankruptcy to the Gävle District Court on 13 February 2007. The men's team first played the two remaining games of the regular season.

Mastiff

The Mastiff, also called the English Mastiff, is a large breed of dog. They have a rectangular body, thick muscles and a massive head with a wrinkled forehead. They stand from to at the shoulder and typically weigh between and . The Mastiff is one of the largest breeds of dogs who can outweigh many full-grown men. They can be gentle with family members but are also excellent guard dogs.

The early Mastiff was called a molosser or molossus. Genetics and breeding dogs to get certain characteristics was unknown then. In 350 BC, Aristotle wrote that the ancestor of the Mastiff was the Molosser. These were the war dogs and guard dogs kept by the Molossoi people, an ancient Greek tribe. Today the two names are often used to mean the same group or family of dogs. For example, the modern St. Bernard is sometimes described as a mastiff and sometimes as a molosser type.

While the Mastiff is a recognized breed, there are also a number of working dog varieties that are closely related to the Mastiff. Many prefer to class them as molosser breeds so as not to confuse them with the Mastiff dog breed. Currently there are about 14 different breeds in the molosser/mastiff family of dogs that are bred from or have a common ancestor with the Mastiff. These include the:


There are also a large number of dog breeds not called molossers or mastiffs, but are related to them. Some of these include the:
The list includes many more.

When training a Mastiff, it is important to recognize they have a certain personality type that needs additional time and patience to learn things. A Mastiff is a very relaxed dog and takes his or her time in doing a task. Owners call this the "Mastiff tempo". A Mastiff can't be trained the same as a Border Collie. In temperament, a modern Mastiff is a patient, sweet-tempered family guardian and companion. Gentle training works best. It is important to start that training early in puppyhood. They are a dog of tremendous size and strength and owning a Mastiff is a large responsibility.

Mastiffs are very predictable when they are facing a threat to their family. If an owner and another person act in a threatening way, the Mastiff will usually get between them to protect its owner. This is hard for the other person to miss and usually results in a cooling down of a heated discussion. But, if the situation does get worse, the Mastiff will usually growl or snarl at the other person as a warning. 

Early socialization is important so the Mastiff knows who belongs in the house and who does not. For example, if a Mastiff puppy sees strangers coming and going all the time, they tend to see this as normal and might not recognize an intruder if they see one. However, a properly trained and socialized Mastiff will usually corner a burglar or intruder. Unless the intruder does something foolish, like try to hurt the dog, he or she will probably not be hurt.


Neapolitan Mastiff

The Neapolitan Mastiff or Italian Mastiff, () is a large, ancient dog breed. This large breed is often used as a guard dog and family protector. Despite their looks, they are a big gentle dog with family and friends. They can be trained as guard dogs to protect people or property. Neapolitan Mastiffs need a lot of daily exercise. They are directly descended from the Tibetan Mastiff, one of the oldest dog breeds.

According to American Kennel Club (AKC) standards, male Neapolitan Mastiffs should measure 26–31 inches (66–79 cm) at the withers. They should weigh 130–155 pounds (60-70 kg). Females should measure 24–29 inches (61–74 cm). They should weigh 110–130 pounds (50–60 kg). Body length should be 10–15% greater than height.

Banu Hilal

The Banu Hilal () was a group of Nomadic Arabs. In the 11th century they migrated from Upper Egypt into what is now Tunisia and eastern Algeria. They defeated the Berbers. 

Oral tradition says that the tribe would have left Arabia to go to Egypt. According to their legend they rebelled against the Caliph of Baghdad in the second half of the 10th century. In 1049, when the Zirid ruler of Tunisia rebelled against Egypt, nomads were sent to punish them. Ibn Khaldun, an early Tunisian historian, said they were like "a cloud of locusts" when they invaded Tunisia. The Arab poets told of their many conquests as they moved west. They were defeated in a series of battles during the 12th century by the Moroccan dynasty. Even though it was an oral history, the Banu Hilal were a real tribe. They did come from the Arabian Peninsula. And the Banu Hilal did control much of North Africa for over a century.



Maturity onset diabetes of the young

Maturity onset diabetes of the young, or MODY is any of several hereditary forms of diabetes mellitus caused by gene mutations. The mutations interfere with the making of insulin. MODY is often called monogenic diabetes. MODY 2 and MODY 3 are the most common forms of the disease.

The term "MODY" goes back to around 1964.

In MODY 2, oral medications or insulin may not be needed. In MODY 1 and MODY 3, insulin may be necessary.

Some people with MODY may be obese or overweight.

Deal or No Deal (album)

Deal or No Deal is the second studio album by American rapper, Wiz Khalifa. "Deal or No Deal" was released on November 24, 2009 through Rostrum Records. 5,900 copies were sold in the first week of release.

The album peaked at #10 on the "Billboard" Top Rap Albums and at #25 on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

Setif, Algeria

Setif (Arabic: سطيف) is a town in northeastern Algeria. It is the capital of Sétif Province and it has a population of 288,461 people as of the 2008 census. Setif is east of Algiers. It is the second most important Wilaya after the country's capital. The streets are lined with trees with a fountain and theater, giving the town a French feel.

Setifis (or Sitifis) was founded by the Romans, during the reign of Nerva, as a colony for veterans. Although no buildings of this period are known, a cemetery found in the 1960s seems to have contained tombs from the early colony.

The population is Chaoui, Kabyle and Arab in origin. 


Rolling Papers

Rolling Papers is the third studio album by American rapper, Wiz Khalifa. "Rolling Papers" was released on March 29, 2011 through both Atlantic and Rostrum Records.

The album debuted at #2 on the "Billboard" 200. "Rolling Papers" was certified Gold by the RIAA which is uncommon for an album that was released through an independent label. It has sold 500,000 copies in the United States.

The album featured the singles "Black and Yellow", "Roll Up", "On My Level", and "No Sleep".

A3 Basket

A3 Basket (used to be known asUmeå BBK) is a basketball club in Umeå, Sweden. The teams played under the name "Udominate Basket". The club was established in 2012 out of the KFUM Umeå women's basketball section "Umeå Comets". The women's team debuted in Basketligan dam during the 2012-2013 season. They ended up fifth and reached the semifinals. They lost there to the Norrköping Dolphins. The club also plays in the BWBL.

During the 2013-2014 season the men's team qualified for the Swedish Basketball League.


Henry Segerstrom

Henry Thomas Segerstrom (April 5, 1923 – February 20, 2015) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist. He was the founding chairman of the Orange County Performing Arts Center now known as the Segerstrom Center for the Arts.

Harris Wittels

Harris Lee Wittels (June 20, 1984 – February 19, 2015) was an American actor, comedian, writer, producer and musician. He was born in Oklahoma City and raised in Houston. He is best known for having been a writer for "The Sarah Silverman Program", a writer, actor and executive producer for "Parks and Recreation". 

Wittels died in Los Angeles on February 19, 2015 at the age of 30.

Pallor

Pallor (also known as paleness) is when the skin is a pale color. It can be caused by illness, stress or even shock. 

Pallor is seen most easily on the face and palms. It can develop suddenly or slowly.

Causes of pallor may include migraines, headache, hypoglycemia, anemia or scarlet fever.

Tin whistle

A tin whistle is a metal whistle commonly made of brass tubing or nickel plated brass tubing fitted with a plastic fipple (mouthpiece). It is very popular among the Irish being important to Irish folk music.

Misophonia

Misophonia (meaning "hatred of sound") is a rarely diagnosed mental disorder. It is a condition where certain sounds can cause someone to be angry or enraged. The sounds could be as simple as someone chewing food with their mouth open. Other examples include a ballpoint pen clicking (repeatedly), tapping, typing and other common sounds. The disorder has only been identified and named in the last 20 years. According to one sufferer, "It’s like a fight-or-flight response: Your muscles get tense, you’re on edge, your heart races, and you feel the urge to flee". Misophonia is often misdiagnosed as one of several psychological disorders. Sufferers often keep away from trigger sounds. There is no cure but it can be treated.

People with misophonia have different amounts of tolerance for triggering sounds. The presence of misophonia may be determined by specific diagnostic criteria. They all, however, result in anger and irritability. Many also have trouble focusing on normal activities while exposed to triggering sounds.

The cause of misophonia is not know. Some studies say that it affects more than 5% of the population.


O.N.I.F.C.

O.N.I.F.C. is the fourth studio album by American rapper, Wiz Khalifa. "O.N.I.F.C." was released on December 4, 2012 through both Atlantic and Rostrum Records. The name of the album is inspired by the Prodigy album, "H.N.I.C.".

The album debuted at #2 on the "Billboard" 200. The album featured the singles "Work Hard, Play Hard" and "Remember You".

J1 (Y-DNA)

Haplogroup J1, more fully Y DNA haplogroup J-M267, is a Y chromosome haplogroup found in the Middle East. This means it is found in a group of descendants from a single common ancestor in the father's line. It carries a mutation on the Y chromosome known as M267. This type of mutation is called a SNP, or a single nucleotide polymorphism, a change at one position in a gene's DNA. 

Y chromosomes are passed down from father to son without changing, so an SNP like this shows common ancestry.

The origin of this mutation was between 4,000 and 24,000 years ago.

This mutation followed a previous mutation, which created the haplogroup known as haplogroup J-P209 or simply haplogroup J, and so this makes the Y chromosome the "child" of the older version of the Y chromosome. Haplogroup J arose from a mutation which occurred about 31,700 years ago in Southwest Asia.

Haplogroup

A haplogroup is a group of single chromosomes, or single DNA strands, which share a common ancestor. They have the same mutation in all versions. 

Haplogroups show deep ancestral origins dating back thousands of years.

In human genetics, the haplogroups usually studied are Y-chromosome (Y-DNA) haplogroups and mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) haplogroups. Both can be used to define genetic populations. Y-DNA is passed only from father to son, while mtDNA is passed only from mother to children. Neither recombines, and thus Y-DNA and mtDNA change only by chance mutations with no intermixture between parents' genetic material.


Avengers: Age of Ultron

Avengers: Age of Ultron is an action-thriller superhero movie. It premiered in Los Angeles on April 13, 2015, and was released on May 1, 2015, in North America.

It was first revealed in May 2012, after "The Avengers" was released. On August 6, 2012, director Joss Whedon announced on Twitter that principal photography was complete. Two sequel movies were released: "" in 2018, and "" in 2019.



Filipstads IF

Filipstads IF is a sports club in the town Filipstad in Sweden. It was established in 1930. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division during the seasons of 1967-1968, 1972-1973 and 1974-1975. The soccer team played in the Swedish fourth division during the season of 1956/1957.


Nynäshamns IF

Nynäshamns IF is a sports club in the town of Nynäshamn in Sweden. It was established on 4 February 1917. It became an alliance club on 1 January 1989. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division during the season of 1972-1972.

The men's soccer team played in the Swedish second division during the seasons of 1939-1940 and 1940-1941.


IFK Askersund

IFK Askersund is a sports club in the town of Askersund in Sweden. It was established on 1 February 1895. It runs soccer activity. The club has also scored bandy successes. The bandy team played nine seasons in the Swedish top division between 1945 and 1964-1965.


Söderköpings IS

Söderköpings IS was a sports club in the town of Söderköping in Sweden. It was established 12 December 1917. The bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1942. It lost all five league games. In 1950 the club won the bandy district championship. The soccer team has played five seasons in the Swedish fourth division.

On 15 January 2004 the club merged with IK Ramunder. It lead to the establishment of Söderköpings IK.

Haplotype

A haplotype is a term in genetics. It is short for haploid genotype. A haplotype is a collection of specific alleles (particular DNA sequences) in a cluster of tightly-linked genes on a chromosome. A cluster is usually inherited together. Put simply, haplotype is a closely-knit group of genes which a child inherits from one parent.

A second meaning of the term haplotype is a set of single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) usually found together on a single chromatid (of a chromosome pair). So, finding a few alleles of a haplotype sequence identifies all other sites in its region. Such information is very valuable for investigating the genetics of common diseases.

Comparing haplotypes of two or more people shows the degree of genetic relationship between their respective lines. It is done in genetic genealogy projects.

Single nucleotide polymorphism

A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP, pronounced "snip"; plural "snips") is a DNA sequence variation in a population. A SNP is just a single nucleotide difference in the genome. 

For example, sequenced DNA fragments from two people, AAGCCTA to AAGCTTA, is different in a single nucleotide. In this case we say that there are two "alleles". Almost all common SNPs have only two alleles. SNPs occur most often in regions of the DNA which do not affect the survival of the organism: otherwise they would be weeded out by natural selection. Other factors, like genetic recombination and mutation rate, can also affect SNP density. There are variations between human populations, so a SNP allele that is common in one geographical or ethnic group may be much rarer in another.

These genetic variations between individuals (particularly in non-coding parts of the genome) are sometimes exploited in DNA fingerprinting, which is used in forensic science. Also, these genetic variations cause differences in our susceptibility to disease. The severity of illness and the way our body responds to treatments are also manifestations of genetic variations. For example, a single base mutation in the APOE (apolipoprotein E) gene is associated with a higher risk for Alzheimer's disease.

Härnösands AIK

Härnösands AIK is a sports club in the town of Härnösand in Sweden. It was established in 1945 and originally thought to be called BK Virgo. However the club was required to change name because the other name was already in use. The club plays bandy. Earlier the club also ran soccer, track and field athletics, skiing and table tennis.

The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division during the season of 1984-1985. The women's bandy team has played several seasons in the Swedish top division.


Forsbacka

Forsbacka is a locality in Gävle Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,702 people lived there.

Forsbacka IK

Forsbacka IK is a sports club in Forsbacka in Sweden. It was established in 1918. The club plays bandy, floorball, handball and soccer. The men's bandy team has popular been known as the "Yellow Peril" () and has played 16 seasons in the Swedish top division. between 1940 and 1967-1968. The men's bandy team has often been described as a typical "yo-yo" club that has been promoted and relegated between the top division and second division for almost 30 years.

The men's soccer team has played nine seasons in the Swedish third division.

The floorball section was started in 1991.


IK Heros

IK Heros is a sports club in Smedjebacken in Sweden. It was established in 1915. The club has bandy and track and field athletics sections. It earlier even played soccer. The men's bandy team has played 11 seasons in the Swedish top division. between 1940 and 1965-1966.

The men's soccer team has played five seasons in the Swedish third division.


Myxobacteria

The myxobacteria ("slime bacteria") are a group of bacteria that usuallly live in the soil. They feed on insoluble organic substances. They have very large genomes compared to other bacteria. Myxobacteria are included in the delta group of proteobacteria, a large group of Gram-negative forms.

Myxobacteria move by gliding on the surface. They travel in "swarms" with many cells kept together by intercellular molecular signals. The swarm puts out extracellular enzymes to digest food. This increases feeding efficiency. 

When nutrients are scarce, myxobacterial cells aggregate into "fruiting bodies". These fruiting bodies are different shapes and colours, depending on the species. 

Inside the fruiting bodies, cells develop into rounded myxospores with thick cell walls. These myxospores, like spores in other organisms, survive until nutrients are more plentiful. Then cell growth is restarted with a group (swarm) of myxobacteria, not just isolated cells. Similar life cycles have developed among the amoebae called cellular slime moulds.

Myxobacteria produce a number of biomedically and industrially useful chemicals, such as antibiotics, and export those chemicals outside of the cell. Some myxobacteria are used as model organisms for the study of development. At a molecular level, initiation of fruiting body development is regulated by Pxr sRNA.

Jack Horner (paleontologist)

John R. "Jack" Horner is an American paleontologist. He discovered and named "Maiasaura". He also showed for the first time that some dinosaurs cared for their young. Horner also served as the technical advisor for all of the "Jurassic Park" films. He served in the Vietnam War.

Alessandra Ambrosio

Alessandra Ambrosio (born April 11, 1981 in Erechim, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil) is a Brazilian - born American supermodel. She beame a Victoria's Secret Angel in 2004. She was featured several times on the "Forbes" list of best paid models.

Ambrosio's parents are Brazilian with Italian and Polish ancestry. They are the owners of a gas station. At age 11, she had plastic surgery to fix her large ears. She later told Tyra Banks on her talk show, "The Tyra Banks Show", that it was a bad experience and she would never do surgery again. She started taking modeling classes at age 12. Two years later she was one of the finalists of the Elite Model Look in Brazil. This launched her modeling career and she signed a contract with Elite Model Management.

Her first job was appearing on the cover of "Elle" in Brazil. She also did a Guess campaign.
In 2004, she started her swimsuit line, "Alessandra Ambrosio by Sais". This was part of a business agreement with Amir Slama's brand Rosa Chá. In 2006, she did a cameo appearance in the movie "Casino Royale". In 2014, she launched her clothing line, "ále by Alessandra" sold at Planet Blue.

In 2004, Ambrosio became an Angel, a spokesmodel for lingerie brand Victoria's Secret. She has been walking their fashion show since 2000. From 2004 to 2006 she worked mainly for their younger line, PINK, and is now working for the main line. In 2008, she walked the fashion show three months after giving birth to her daughter. The following year, she opened the fashion show.

In 2012, she was selected to wear the "Fantasy Bra". That year, it was called the "Floral Fantasy Bra". It was created by London Jewelers and featured amethysts, rubies, sapphires and diamonds (including a 20-carat white diamond in the center), making it worth $2,500,000. She walked during the last segment of the year's fashion while wearing it with wings.

In 2014, she was selected to wear the Fantasy Bra again, but this time there were two bras : the "Dream Angels Fantasy Bras" worn by herself and fellow Angel Adriana Lima. Each one of them is worth $2,000,000 and they opened a segment of the year's fashion show while wearing them. It is Alessandra Ambrosio's second Fantasy Bra and Adriana Lima's third.

Alessandra Ambrosio became engaged to Jamie Mazur in 2008. They have two children together, a girl named Anja Louise Ambrosio Mazur (born August 24, 2008) and a boy named Noah Phoenix Ambrosio Mazur (born May 7, 2012).



Fashion show

A fashion show is an event put on by a fashion designer. It is to show his or her new line of clothing. Often they are held during Fashion week. Fashion shows debuts every season. There are the Spring/Summer and the Fall/Winter seasons. This is where the latest fashion trends are made. The two most influential fashion weeks are Paris Fashion Week and New York Fashion week. Both are semiannual events. The Milan and London are also of global importance.

In a typical fashion show, models walk the catwalk dressed in the clothing created by the designer. Occasionally, fashion shows take the form of installations. This is where the models will pose standing or ting to show the clothing. The order in which each model walks out wearing a specific outfit is usually planned.

IF Verdandi

IF Verdandi is a sports club in the town of Eskilstuna in Sweden. It was established in 1900. The club runs soccer. It earlier even ran amateur wrestling, bandy, cycling and table tennis. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1932, 1933 and 1941.

The men's soccer team has played the Swedish second division during the seasons of 1942-1943., 1943-1944 and 1944-1945.

Kjell Johansson has played table tennis for the club.


Eskilstuna BS

Eskilstuna BS is a bandy club in the town of Eskilstuna in Sweden. It was established in 1965 when the bandy sections of Eskilhems BK and VoIF Diana merged. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in the seasons of 1972-1973 and 1977-1978.


IFK Strängnäs

IFK Strängnäs is a sports club in the town of Strängnäs in Sweden. It was established in 1899. The club runs track and field athletics, handball, disabled sports, orienteering. Earlier the club also played bandy. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1931. and 1932.


Värmbols GoIF

Värmbols GoIF was a sports club in the town of Katrineholm in Sweden. It was established in 1927. The club ran association football and bandy. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1931. and 1932.

The men's bandy team played seven seasons in the Swedish top division. The women's soccer team played in the Swedish third division during the 1980s.

The men's soccer team played in the Swedish third division in 1975 and 1976.

On 3 December 1990, the club was split up into Värmbols FC (men's soccer), DFK Värmbol (women's soccer) and Värmbol-Katrineholm BK (bandy).

Skoghalls IF

Skoghalls IF was a sports club in Skoghall in Sweden. It was established in 1963. The club ran association football and bandy. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1940, 1942, 1946 and 1947. 

The men's soccer team played seven seasons in the Swedish third division.

The club merged with Vidöns IK to form IFK Skoghall in 1963.

Waggeryds IK

Waggeryds IK is a sports club in Vaggeryd in Sweden. It was established in April 1920. The club runs bandy and soccer. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1942. and 1963-1964. and played in the qualifying rounds for the Swedish top division in 1970.


IFK Växjö

IFK Växjö is a sports club in the town of Växjö in Sweden. It was established on 2 July 1919. The club runs track and field athletics and disabled sports. It earlier also ran bandy and soccer. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1941. The women's soccer activity was transferred to Östers IF in 1983. That led to the establishments of Östers IF dam.

Carolina Klüft has competed for the club.


Grycksbo

Grycksbo is a locality in Falun Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,825 people lived there.

Grycksbo IF

Grycksbo IF is a sports club in Grycksbo in Sweden. It was established in 1908. The club runs bandy, orienteering, skiing and soccer. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in the season of 1963-1964.

Three-time Vasaloppet winner Daniel Tynell first competed for Grycksbo IF.


Linköpings AIK

Linköpings AIK is a sports club in the town of Linköping in Sweden. It was established on 22 October 1908. The club runs orienteering, earlier even bandy and soccer. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1931. The men's bandy team reached three semifinals when the Swedish national championship was played as a knockout-tournament back in the 1920's. The men's soccer team also played in the Swedish third division during the seasons of 1928-1929 and 1929-1930.


IF Rune

IF Rune is a sports club in Kungsör, Sweden. It was established on 28 April 1908. The club runs gymnastics and orienteering. It earlier also ran bandy and soccer. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1935. The men's soccer team played in the Swedish second division during the seasons of 1934-1935, 1936-1937 and 1937-1938.


IK Mode

IK Mode was a sports club in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The club ran bandy, ice hockey, soccer and track and field athletics. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1937. and 1940. 

The men's ice hockey team played in the Swedish second division during the 1929-1930 season. The club track and field athletics section was especially successful during the 1930s and 40s. The club won Dagbladsstafetten in 1940 and 1946. Other successful track and field athletes competing for the club were Åke Stenqvist who won Swedish national long jump champion for men in 1936, 1937 and 1938. Lennart Eliasson won the same event in 1943.

AIK offered to take over the club's track and field athletics section.

IK Viljan

IK Viljan is a sports club in Strängnäs in Sweden. It was established in 1914. The club runs soccer. It earlier even ran bandy. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1942. and 1943.

The men's soccer team has played in the Swedish third division.


Alfta GIF

Alfta GIF is a sports club in Alfta in Sweden. It was established on 10 November 1900. The club runs handball, ice hockey and soccer. Earlier the club also ran bandy. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1941. The men's soccer team has played in the Swedish third division. The ice hockey section was established in 1947. The skiing and track and field athletics sections have been inactive since 2002.


Borgia Norrköping BK

Borgia Norrköping BK is a bandy club in Norrköping, Sweden, established in 1941. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division during the season of 1988-1989.


Falu BK

Falu BK was a bandy club in the town of Falun in Sweden. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1934. The men's soccer team played in the Swedish third divisin during the seasons of 1934-1935 and 1935-1936.

The club was one of four clubs who merged to become Falu BS in 1935.

Clockwork Angels

Clockwork Angels is the nineteenth and final studio album by Rush. The album was released on June 12, 2012. It was the band's first studio album with label Roadrunner Records. The album debuted at #1 in Canada and at #2 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The album won the award for Rock Album of the Year at the 2013 Juno Awards.


Mi pecado

Mi pecado is a Mexican telenovela. It is produced by Televisa.


IF Vesta

IF Vesta is a sports club in the town of Uppsala in Sweden, established on 8 June 1911. The club runs bandy and soccer. It earlier even ran floorball and ice hockey.

The men's bandy team played eleven seasons in the Swedish top division.


Canadian French

Canadian French () includes the varieties of the French language spoken in Canada. In the 2011 census about 10 million people said they could speak French in a conversation. French is the mother tongue of about 7.3 million Canadians. 7.9 million said they spoke French at home. French is the only official language of Quebec. But government services are also conducted in English (and French in the rest of English-speaking Canada). Manitoba and New Brunswick are the only provinces in Canada that are officially bilingual. There are differences between the French spoken in Paris (called metropolitan French) and Canadian French. When the first French immigrants came to Canada in the 17th century, they spoke French as it was spoken in France at that time. Since then, Parisian (metropolitan) French has become the normal language in France. However both languages are very similar.

IF Hallby

IF Hallby is a sports club in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It was established on 7 April 1929., It originally ran cross-country skiing, soccer, track and field athletics and ice skating. The club won the 1932 speed skating district team championship. Handball was adopted in 1933 In 1934 the club's orienteering section was started. The club beame an alliance club on 1 June 2001.

The men's handball team has played four seasons in the Swedish top division. The women's handball team has played in the Swedish top division for two seasons.

The men's soccer team played 19 seasons in Division III, back then the Swedish third division, between 1943-1983.

An important gathering-place for the club is Hallbystugan. It is located in a popular outdoor recreation area near Axamo.


Västerås BK30

Västerås BK30 is a sports club in the town of Västerås in Sweden. It was established on 29 November 1929 as a merger out of IK City and IK Sture. It was named after 1930. 1930 was the year it joined the Swedish Sports Confederation. The club nowadays mostly runs soccer. It earlier also ran bandy, handball, ice hockey, table tennis and track and field athletics.

The soccer activity has mostly used Ringvallens IP as home ground. A women's soccer team was established in 1969. The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1994.

Bandy was a major sport up to the mid 1980s. The club played in the Swedish top division in 1932 and 1936.


Mark Fischer (attorney)

Mark Alan Fischer (September 28, 1950 – February 18, 2015) was an American author and lawyer. He wrote the book "Perle, Williams & Fischer on Publishing Law". He helped create the Biobricks Foundation Public Agreement, which allows scientists to make their biotechnology tools available to the public. 

Sadeq Tabatabaei

Sadeq Tabatabaei (; 12 December 1943 – 21 February 2015) was an Iranian writer, journalist, TV host, university professor at the University of Tehran and politician.

He served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1979 to 1980. He was also Deputy Minister of the Interior and held the March 1979 referendum. He was Iran's Ambassador to Germany from 1982 until 1986. He died of lung cancer in Duesseldorf.

Sunvära SK

Sunvära SK is a sports club in Sunvära in Sweden. It was established on 4 January 1943. The club runs bandy. It plays its home games on Sjöaremossen's artificial ice rink. The activity originally consisted of bandy, racewalking, skiing and track and field athletics. Since the 1950s the club only runs bandy.

The women's bandy team has played three seasons in the Swedish top division.


Oxberg

Oxberg is a minor locality in Mora Municipality in Sweden. In 2010, 97 people lived there. Vasaloppet goes through Oxberg. It is also the start site for Tjejvasan, Kortvasan and Halvvasan. The Oxberg Bridge is also located here.

G.U.Y.

"G.U.Y." is a song by American pop singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It is from her third studio album, "Artpop". It was released on March 28, 2014 (Gaga's 28th birthday). It was the third single from the album, after "Applause" and "Do What U Want". The single charted at number 76 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It charted at number 115 on the UK Singles Chart.

Weka

A weka ("Gallirallus australis"), also known as the Maori hen or woodhen, is a flightless bird in the rail family. It is endemic to New Zealand. There are four subspecies. Weka are sturdy brown birds, about the size of a chicken. They feed mainly on invertebrates and fruit.

Trans man

A trans man (sometimes written as trans-man) is a female-to-male (FTM) transsexual or transgender person. Many people in this group like the name "trans man" over the many medical terms that are out there. Other non-medical names are t-boy, tg-boy and ts-boy.

Trans men were called girls when they were born, but they feel that they really are male. To show their true gender as men, trans men may transition from living as women to living as men. A trans man's transition can include telling family and friends, wearing different clothes, flattening the chest, using a new name, changing legal papers, using medical treatments of testosterone, and changing the body with surgery. Getting medical care can be more difficult for trans men because some doctors will not help them or they cannot afford it. Trans men can also face discrimination because they are transgender.

Not all trans men are straight (attracted to women). Some trans men are gay (attracted to men), bisexual, or asexual. Estimates of how many trans men there are range from 1 in every 30,000 people called girls at birth, to 1 in every 170 people called girls at birth.


Thai people

Thai people, formerly known as Siamese, are the main ethnic group of Thailand. They are part of the larger Tai group of peoples living in Southeast Asia, southern China and north-east India. They speak the Thai language, which has several regional variations. Most Thai people are followers of Theravada Buddhism.

"Thai people" usually refers to central and southern Thai (Tai Siam), northern Thai (Lanna) and Isan people. However, the term has a loose meaning and can sometimes refer to any person from Thailand, not only ethnic Thais.

About 60 million live in Thailand. Large populations have lived in Laos, Malaysia, Cambodia and Myanmar for many years.

Thai people most likely originally come from the province of Guangxi in China. Tai peoples began to move south some time between the 8th and 10th centuries. They settled in the valley of the Chao Phraya River. They became heavily influenced by Mon and Khmer and became Buddhist. Early Thai states included the Sukhothai Kingdom and Suphan Buri Province. The Thai were called "Siam" by the Khmer, and were ruled by the Khmer Empire. The Thai people began growing in power after they built Ayutthaya.

Rocka Rolla

Rocka Rolla is the first studio album by British heavy metal band, Judas Priest. "Rocka Rolla" was released on 6 September 1974 through both Gull Records. The album was produced by Rodger Bain, who had produced the first three albums for Black Sabbath.

When the album was released, it was met with a small reception and sold "only a few thousand copies". Due to the flop of the album, Judas Priest had found themselves financially in dire straits. The band said that there were nights where they were starving and that they didn't know when they were going to get their next meal. They tried to make an agreement with Gull to pay them 50 pounds a week, but the record label was also not doing well financially and they did not agree.

The album featured the single "Rocka Rolla".

Still Alice

Still Alice is a drama movie from 2014 based on the novel of the same name. It is about a linguistics professor diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease. Julianne Moore plays Alice. Kristen Stewart plays Lydia. Kate Bosworth plays Anna. Alec Baldwin plays John.

"Still Alice" was released on December 5, 2014 in the United States. Julianne Moore won an Academy Award for Best Actress.


I'm Going Slightly Mad

I'm Going Slightly Mad is the second single from Queen's album Innuendo. The album was released on 4 March 1991. The song 'I'm Going Slightly Mad' was written by Freddie Mercury.

The video is shot in black and white and features the band dressed and acting in a ridiculous way. Brian May is dressed as a penguin. Roger Taylor wears a teapot on his head and rides a tricycle while Freddie Mercury is chasing him. Freddie Mercury wears a bunch of bananas as a wig. John Deacon is a jester. 



Sports club

A sports club is an organization that runs sporting activity. Some of them are amateur. Others are professional. Some sports clubs are only active within one sport. Others participate in two or more sports.

Roman Sitko

Roman Sitko (1880-1942) is a Catholic blessed. He was a Polish priest that worked in Poland in Tarnów and Mielec. He died in Auschwitz.

Orion Arm

The Orion Arm, or Orion–Cygnus Arm, is a minor spiral arm of the Milky Way galaxy. It is of interest because the Solar System (including the Earth) is inside it. The spiral arm is some across and approximately in length. 

The Orion Arm is named after the Orion constellation, one of the most prominent constellations. It is seen in the Northern Hemisphere during winter and in the Southern Hemisphere during summer. Some of the brightest stars and most famous celestial objects are in the Orion Arm: Betelgeuse, Rigel, the stars of Orion's Belt and the Orion nebula. They are shown on the interactive map below.

The Orion Arm is between the Carina–Sagittarius Arm (toward the Galactic centre) and the Perseus Arm (toward the outside Universe). The Perseus Arm is one of the two major arms of the Milky Way. The Solar system is on the Orion spur, between the two longer adjacent arms Perseus and Carina-Sagittarius.

Inside the Orion Arm, the Solar System is close to the inner rim, in the Local Bubble. It is about halfway along the Orion Arm's length, about from the Galactic centre.

Irish Civil War

The Irish Civil War (; 28 June 1922 – 24 May 1923) followed the Irish War of Independence. It went along with the beginning of the Irish Free State. It was independent from the United Kingdom but stayed a part of the British Empire.

The conflict was between two opposing groups of Irish republicans over the Anglo-Irish Treaty. The forces of the "Provisional Government" (which became the Free State in December 1922) supported the Treaty. The Republican opposition saw it as a betrayal of the Irish Republic (which had been proclaimed during the Easter Rising). Many of those who fought in the conflict had been members of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) during the War of Independence.

The Civil War was won by the Free State forces. They had many weapons provided by the British Government. The conflict may have claimed more lives than the War of Independence that went before it. It left Irish society divided and bitter for generations. About 927 people died during the civil war. 

Chevrolet Cobalt

The Chevrolet Cobalt was a compact car sold by the General Motors division Chevrolet from 2005 to 2010. It replaced the Cavalier and the Geo Prizm (although the Pontiac Vibe serves as the Prizm's replacement, many auto sites list the Cobalt as a secondary successor). From 2005 to 2009, it was sold under the Pontiac marque under various names including the Pursuit, Pursuit G4 and the G5. The Cobalt was available as a sedan and coupé, while the G5 was strictly a coupé in America and offered as a sedan model in Canada. It was replaced by the Chevrolet Cruze (a rebadged Daewoo Lacetti Premiere). The Pontiac G5 was replaced by the Buick Verano. As of 2014, GM was recalling this car because of problems with the ignitions that can shut off the engine without warning and cause disabled air bags and cause serious injury or death. Chevrolet Cobalt was considered an improvement over its predecessor the Cavalier because it earned a "Good" crash test rating from the IIHS, but without optional side airbags it earned a "Poor" in side impact tests. However, with the optional side airbags it earned an "Acceptable".

Venevisión

Venevisión, is one of Venezuela's largest television networks. It is also a Venezuelan cable and broadcast television network. Venevisión is owned and operated by Gustavo Cisneros. In the United States, many of Venevisión's programs can be seen on Univision.


Here Without You

"Here Without You" is the third single off American rock band 3 Doors Down's second studio album "Away from the Sun". The song was released on August 11, 2003.

On the "Billboard" charts, "Here Without You" was able to peak at #5 on the Hot 100 chart.

Lead singer Brad Arnold said that his inspiration for this song was his now ex-wife. Arnold said "The song's about being away from someone, or missing them. And it really doesn't matter if you're here without them for all day or all month. It's about the loneliness and missing of somebody". The song was used by the WWE in a tribute video to professional wrestler Eddie Guerrero after he died from a heart attack in November 2005.


Sindhi Wikipedia

Sindhi Wikipedia (, ) is the Sindhi language edition of Wikipedia. It started in February 2006. As of July 2015, it had more than 3,000 articles.

At first, Sindhi Wikipedia faced technical problems with the Sindhi script font, but this matter is mostly settled; some unsolved areas remain. Sindhi is written in Perso-Arabic script, a right-to-left writing system. As a result, users sometimes need to configure their operating systems and web browsers accordingly.


Livin' la Vida Loca

"Livin' la Vida Loca" is the first single off Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin's self-titled first English studio album. The song was released on February 3, 1999. It is Martin's signature song.

On the "Billboard" charts, "Livin' la Vida Loca" was able to peak at #1 on the Hot 100, Adult Pop Songs, Hot Latin Songs, Latin Pop Songs, Tropical Songs, Pop Songs, and Rhythmic Top 40 charts.

At the 2000 Grammy Awards, "Livin' la Vida Loca" was nominated for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Male Pop Vocal Performance, Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s). In 2007, VH1 ranked the song #28 in their list of 100 Greatest Songs of the 90s.


LibreOffice

LibreOffice is a free open source office suite. It was forked from Sun Microsystems' OpenOffice.org office suite. It is a collection of office-related applications. This includes a word processor, a spreadsheet program and a presentation program. It is available for many different operating systems, including Windows, macOS and Linux. It supports the OpenDocument format as well as the file formats of Microsoft Office and most other office suites.

LibreOffice was created by the Document Foundation in response to Oracle Corporation's acquisition of Sun Microsystems.

LibreOffice is a collection of applications that work together closely to provide the features expected from a modern office suite. Many of the parts are designed to be alternatives to those available in Microsoft Office. The parts available include:

LibreOffice is available for Windows, macOS and Linux. There are also versions for Android, iOS and Chrome OS, called Collabora Office. They are provided by Collabora, one of the companies that develop LibreOffice. Collabora also develops Collabora Online, an online office suite based on LibreOffice that can be used from a web browser by multiple users.

LibreOffice supports third-party extensions. There are many available in the official LibreOffice site. Users can create their own using programming languages like LibreOffice Basic (a language similar to Visual Basic for Applications), Python and others.

LibreOffice is available in two versions:


When a new "Fresh" version is released, the existing one becomes the "Still" version. The previous "Still" version is not supported anymore.

LibreOffice releases a new major version every six months, in late January/early February and late July/early August.


MariaDB

MariaDB is a free, open source database management system forked from Sun Microsystems' MySQL. It was created by MySQL's software developers, inluding Monty Widenius. They were concerned about Oracle Corporation's acquisition of Sun Microsystems.


Campaign for &quot;santorum&quot; neologism

The campaign for the neologism "santorum" started with a contest held in May 2003 by Dan Savage. Savage is a sex columnist and LGBT rights activist. He asked his readers to create a definition for the word "santorum" in response to then-U.S. Senator Rick Santorum's opinions about homosexuality, and comments about same sex marriage. In his comments, Santorum had stated that "In every society, the definition of marriage has not ever to my knowledge included homosexuality. That's not to pick on homosexuality. It's not, you know, man on child, man on dog, or whatever the case may be." Savage announced the winning entry, which defined "santorum" as "the frothy mixture of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes the byproduct of anal sex". He created a web site, "spreadingsantorum.com" (and "santorum.com"), to promote the definition.

In 2010 Savage said he would take the site down if Santorum donated US$5 million plus interest to Freedom to Marry. That group supports legal recognition of same-sex marriages. In September 2011 Santorum asked Google to remove the definition from its search engine index. Google refused. They said that the company does not remove content from search results except in very limited circumstances.


El Instituto Cultural Cubano-Norteamericano

El Instituto Cultural Cubano-Norteamericano was an American institution established in Havana, Cuba in 1943. It offered courses relating to the U.S. and the English language. 

The institute's library was called Biblioteca Pública Martí-Lincoln. Most of the books were given by the government of the United States and individual Americans. Popular American magazines were also in the library.
Unlike other libraries in Cuba at that time, the institute's library let people borrow books for reading outside of the library.

The director was the Cuban historian Herminio Portell Vilá.

In 1945, the institute began publishing a bulletin entitled "Dos Pueblos", first for students but later sent to libraries abroad. 

An article in "Granma" describes the institute as designed to influence and penetrate Cuban society and culture.

Argelès-Gazost

Argelès-Gazost () is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France in the Occitanie region. It is part of the historical region of Gascony and is the capital of the "arrondissement" of Argelès-Gazost.

Argelès-Gazost was made a "commune" in 1790 with the name of Argelès; it was merged in 1824 with the "commune" of Vieuzac. Vieuzac was also made a "commune" in 1790.

The name of the "commune", Argelès, was changed to Argelès-Gazost in 1896.

Argelès-Gazost is a "commune" in the Lavedan (a natural region in the Pyrenees), at the confluence of the Gave de Pau and Gave d'Azun rivers, between Lourdes and Gavarnie.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The climate of Argelès-Gazost, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Argelès-Gazost are known, in French, as "Argelésiens" (women: "Argelésiennes").

Argelès-Gazost has a population, in 2014, of 3,020, and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Argelès-Gazost

Argelès-Gazost is a subprefecture of the Hautes-Pyrénées department since 1790. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Argelès-Gazost and the administrative centre () of the canton La Vallée des Gaves with 50 "communes" and 15,743 inhabitants in 2014.

It is part of the intercommunality "La Vallée d'Argelès-Gazost" ().

Some important buildings and places are:



Bagnères-de-Bigorre

Bagnères-de-Bigorre () is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department, of which it is a subprefecture, in the Occitanie region, southwestern France.

In the Middle Ages, the city had the name "Aquae Convenarum" or "Vicus Aquensis" ("City of the Waters"). The current name is formed from the Occitan "Banheras" ("baths") and the name of the region, "Bigorre".

Bagnères-de-Bigorre is in the Bigorre region, in the Pyrenees foothills; the "commune" is where the valley of the Adour is in contact with the Campan valley.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The climate of Bagnères-de-Bigorre, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Bagnères-de-Bigorre are known, in French, as "Bagnérais" (women: "Bagnéraises").

Bagnères-de-Bigorre has a population, in 2014, of 7,602, and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Bagnères-de-Bigorre

Bagnères-de-Bigorre is a subprefecture of the Hautes-Pyrénées department since 1790. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Bagnères-de-Bigorre and the administrative centre () of the canton La Haute-Bigorre with 14 "communes" and 15,242 inhabitants in 2014.

It is part of the intercommunality "Haute-Bigorre" ().

Bagnères-de-Bigorre is twinned with:



Échez

The Échez is a river in southwestern France that flows through in the Occitanie region.

It is a left tributary of the Adour river, in the French department of Hautes-Pyrénées.

The Échez river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Échez river is born at the foot of the "Pic de la Clique" mountain (in the "commune" Germs-sur-l’Oussouet to the east of Lourdes), then if flows to the north, flowing through the western side of the city of Tarbes and of the valley of the Adour river. It joins the Adour as a left tributary in Maubourget.

Some of the important tributaries of the Échez are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

The Échez river flows only in the Hautes-Pyrénées department; it flows through the cities and towns Les Angles, Arcizac-ez-Angles, Escoubès-Pouts, Orincles, Barry, Bénac, Louey, Juillan, Tarbes, Bordères-sur-l'Échez, Oursbelille, Bazet, Andrest Vic-en-Bigorre, Nouilhan, Maubourguet.



Santorum

Santorum can refer to:


Mort Sahl

Morton Lyon "Mort" Sahl (May 11, 1927 – October 26, 2021) was a Canadian-born American comedian and actor of Jewish background. He was thought to be the first modern stand-up comedian. He was known for writing jokes for President John F. Kennedy in his speeches. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Sahl died on October 26, 2021 at his home in Mill Valley, California at the age of 94.

Ibrahim Biogradlić

Ibrahim "Ibro" Biogradlić (8 March 1931 – 20 February 2015) was a Bosnian-Herzegovinian footballer. He was born in Sarajevo, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. He played at 1956 Summer Olympics for SFR Yugoslavia, winning a silver medal. He played for FK Sarajevo 646 times, making him the club's record holder for the most appearances. 

He died on 20 February 2015 in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina after a long illness, aged 83. 

 

Dick the Bruiser

William Fritz Afflis (June 27, 1929 – November 10, 1991) was an American professional wrestler and football player. He was better known by his ring name Dick the Bruiser.

Before becoming a professional wrestler, Afflis was a professional football player and played for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL) from 1951 until 1954.

On November 10, 1991, Afflis died from internal bleeding. His wife Louise said that he was weightlifting at home with his adopted son, Jon Carney, and ruptured a blood vessel in his esophagus.

















Joey Haro

Joey Haro is an American actor best known for playing Clark Stevenson on the MTV teen comedy "Awkward". He was also a member of The Warblers on "Glee".

Haro was born in Miami. He went to a performing arts high school. He attended Florida State University. He left there after his sophomore year to move to New York City for an acting career.
In 2009 he appeared on Broadway as Chino in the "West Side Story". He was part of the casts of "Hairspray" and "Altar Boyz." In 2013, he was in the short-lived sitcom "Welcome to the Family".


Thermal decomposition

Thermal decomposition is a process that causes a chemical compound to break down into simpler chemical compounds or elements under heat.


Predicate (grammar)

The predicate in traditional grammar is the second part of a clause or sentence, the first being the subject. A predicate completes an idea about the subject, such as what it does or what it is like.

The predicate provides information about the subject.

The subject NP is shown in green, and the predicate VP in blue.

There is a quite different theory of sentence structure, called dependency structure grammar. This puts the finite verb (= conjugated verb) as the root of all sentence structure. It rejects the binary NP-VP division.

Rainier III, Prince of Monaco

Rainier Louis Henri Maxence Bertrand Grimaldi (31 May 1923 – 6 April 2005), also known as Rainier III, ruled the Principality of Monaco for almost 56 years. He was one of the longest ruling monarchs in European history. His family has ruled Monaco for seven centuries. Prince Rainier was internationally known due to his marriage to the American actress Grace Kelly. He was responsible for reforms to the Constitution of Monaco. He expanded the principality's economy beyond its traditional casino gambling base. Gambling accounts for about three percent of the nation's annual revenue today. When Rainier became prince in 1949, it had accounted for more than ninety-five percent.

Afa Anoaʻi

Arthur "Afa" Anoa'i, Sr. (born November 21, 1942) is a Samoan American retired professional wrestler and manager. He was best known as one-half of the tag team The Wild Samoans with his brother Sika. He competed in many different National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) affiliates and the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF).

He was born in Samoa and he moved with his family to San Francisco, California. Before becoming a professional wrestler, Anoa'i joined the United States Marine Corps at the age of 17.

After retiring, he started the Wild Samoan Training Facility with Sika. In 1999, along with Lynn Anoa'i, Afa started the Usos Foundation, which is a non-profit organization that aims towards turning young people away from drugs, gangs and poverty by giving scholarships to the Wild Samoans Training Center.

On January 11, 2024, Afa was admitted to the hospital for pneumonia and had also suffered two small heart attacks.





Granadilla, Spain

Granadilla is a ghost town in Spain. It is located in Extremadura. Since 1960 it belongs to Zarza de Granadilla's municipality. On June 24, 1955 its citizens had to leave when the Spanish Council of Ministers built a reservoir. Currently, the area is a summer campsite for young people and tourists.

It Gets Better Project

The It Gets Better Project is a non-profit organization that reaches out to LGBT youths who feel depressed or suicidal. Contributors to the project submit videos, essays, and other media. These are to share their stories, experiences, and messages telling LGBT youth that their lives will get better over time. The It Gets Better Project shows LGBT youth that they was not alone in their experiences. It shows they have people to turn to for support. The project was created by Dan Savage and his husband Terry Miller in 2004. It includes submissions by US President Barack Obama and US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.


The Smiler

The Smiler is a Gerstlauer Infinity Coaster located at Alton Towers in Staffordshire, United Kingdom. It has 14 inversions. The Smiler holds the world record for the roller coaster with the most inversions. The riders must be tall to ride the smiler. The top speed is about . Riders experience about the same G-Force as a drag car driver (about 4.5 Gs). The Smiler had multiple delays before opening to the public including unforseen teething problems on the 23rd which delayed the opening by another 8 days. The Smiler finally opened to the public on the 31 May 2013. The ride's trains are arranged in 4 individual ride cars in which seat four people, leading to a capacity of 16 riders per train. Five trains can run on the track at once, leading to a capacity of 1,000 riders per hour. On June 2nd 2015, an accident occurred where 5 people were seriously injured when the train crashed into a stalled test train in the batwing element.. After rigorous safety checks, the ride reopened in March 2016, and is still operating to this day with no further problems. It is perfectly safe today.

Peppa Pig (character)

Pepper Patricia "Peppa" Pig is a cartoon character in the American animated television series "Peppa Pig". He is the one of the two children of Mummy and Daddy Pig, and is a 6-year-old Playgroup student who secretly has Madame Gazelle. Peppa Pig appears in every episode. She is 7 feet tall

Pedro Pony is one Peppa’s best friends. Throughout the show, there are hints that they could have a crush on each other. In The Playgroup Peppa kissed him at the end.
Emily Elephant is one of Peppa’s friend. Emily appeared in an episode of the Titular Character.

Peppa Pig is bossy and kind of mean to her little brother George. However, she also loves jumping in muddy puddles and cares for her family.

Transmission medium

A transmission medium is something (solid, liquid, gas, or plasma) that can transmit energy. For example, the transmission medium for sounds is usually air. But sound can also be transmitted through solids and liquids. A wire can transmit electrons in the form of electricity. There are advantages and disadvantages to every transmission medium. These can be things such as cost, bandwidth (or how much of something can be transmitted), the speed of the transmission and scope.

Physical mediums: are actually wires or cables used to connect two or more devices. These can be twisted pair, coaxial and fiber optic cables. Twisted pair cables were traditionally used in telephone wire lines and cables. But they are still widely used in networks and other uses. They are called "twisted pair" cables because they have many small thin insulated wires twisted around each other in a balanced circuit. Twisted pair cables can contain up to 4200 pairs of wires.


Sika Anoaʻi

Leati "Sika" Anoa'i (born April 5, 1945) is a Samoan American professional wrestler. He was best known as one-half of the tag team The Wild Samoans with his brother Afa. He competed in many different National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) affiliates and the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF).

He was born in Leone, American Samoa and he moved with his family to San Francisco, California. Before becoming a professional wrestler, Anoa'i joined the United States Merchant Marine to help feed his family.

He started the Wild Samoan Training Facility with Afa. He has two sons, Matthew and Leati Joseph. Matthew was a professional wrestler who wrestled in the WWE under the ring name Rosey. Leati Jr. was a college football player and is now a professional wrestler who works for the WWE under the ring name Roman Reigns.



University of Puget Sound

The University of Puget Sound (Puget Sound) is a private liberal arts college in Tacoma, Washington, United States. It offers Bachelor's, Master's and doctorate degrees. The college draws approximately 2,600 students from 44 states and 16 countries. It offers 1,200 courses each year in more than 50 areas of study. In 2012 Puget Sound was named one of 40 schools in the guide "Colleges That Change Lives: 40 Schools That Will Change the Way You Think About Colleges". It has ties to The United Methodist Church. But the college is no longer officially affiliated with the church. The board of trustees is independently elected.

Pedro Morales

Pedro Morales (October 22, 1942 – February 12, 2019) was a Puerto Rican retired professional wrestler. He competed in many different National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) affiliates, Worldwide Wrestling Associates (WWA), and the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF).

While he was in the WWWF, Morales was the first male wrestler in wrestling history to win all three of the major men's titles in the company. He won the WWWF Championship, the Intercontinental Championship, and the WWF World Tag Team Championship. When he won the WWWF United States Championship, Morales became the first wrestler to hold four different titles within the promotion, a distinction which would later became known as a Grand Slam Championship.

Morales died of complications from Parkinson's disease at his Perth Amboy, New Jersey home on February 12, 2019, aged 76.


Dory Dixon

Dorrel "Dory" Dixon (born February 1, 1935) is a Jamaican retired professional wrestler. He competed in many different National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) affiliates and Mexican promotions, as well as the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF). He made his professional wrestling debut in Mexico's Empresa Mexicana de la Lucha Libre (EMLL).

Before becoming a professional wrestler, Dixon was competitive weightlifter and was the winner of the "Mr. Jamaica Body Beautiful" tournament. He was chosen to be a member of the Jamaican weightlifting team in the 1954 Central American and Caribbean Games which was held in Mexico City, Mexico. He fell in love with Mexico and he decided to stay back while the rest of the team left back to Jamaica.

Dixon would also wrestle the WWWF World Heavyweight Champion Buddy Rogers at Madison Square Garden in New York City.


Country Road

Country Road was a countryband in the town of Örebro in Sweden. It was active between 1973 and 1974. The band played at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville.

The band also charted at the Swedish album charts.

Following people were members of the band.




Ulf Georgsson

Ulf Georg Georgsson, born 22 April 1962 in Kinna Parish in former Älvsborg County, Sweden is a Swedish songwriter. As a songwriter he has participated at Melodifestivalen. He has also written songs recorded by acts like Lasse Stefanz, Vikingarna, Playtones, Drifters, Zekes, CC & Lee, Black Jack, Barbados, Friends and Frøya.

As a musician he plays the drums in Flamingokvintetten since June 2013. Before that he played the drums 30 years in Bhonus.

He became the second most successful Svensktoppen composer in the year 2000. He was also appointed Svensktoppen "composer of the year" in 2001.

Peppa Pig

Peppa Pig is a British preschool animated television series aimed for preschool children. It follows the adventures of Peppa, a young anthropomorphic pig, and her family and friends. Though many other ages from five to fifty year olds also enjoy the childrens show. It was created, directed and produced by Astley Baker Davies. It originally aired on 31 May 2004. Peppa Pig is distributed by E1 Kids. To date, six seasons have been aired. It is shown in 180 countries.

In every Peppa Pig episode, the family of Peppa Pig does a variety of different activities. Mostly, the episodes are about Peppa Pig playing with her other animal friends. 

In the United Kingdom, the first series of 52 five-minute episodes began on Channel 5 on 31 May 2004. The second series of 52 episodes began on Channel 5 on 4 September 2006, with Cecily Bloom replacing Lily Snowden-Fine as Peppa, among other cast changes. The third series started telecasting on Channel 5's preschool-targeted block "Milkshake!" on 4 May 2009 with Harley Bird replacing Cecily Bloom and Lily Snowden-Fine as Peppa.

In the United States, the series first aired as part of Cartoon Network's Tickle-U preschool programming block from 22 August 2005 to 2007. For these airings, the show was redubbed with American actors. However, there were no other official releases of this dub, and every US airing since 2008 uses the original British soundtrack. In 2008, "Peppa Pig" moved to the Noggin channel in the US. It was aired as part of "Noggin Presents", a series of interstitial shorts aired in between full shows. Since February 2011, the series airs as a half-hour show on the Nick Jr. US channel, and on the separate Nick Jr. block on Nickelodeon as of November 2013. For each episode, 5 segments are put together (though for the special containing "Golden Boots" and the episode containing "Around the World", only 3 segments are used) to make the run time 25 minutes. As of June 2021, there were 9 seasons (and 1 standalone special) of "Peppa Pig" in the US.



Peppa Pig, the Entertainment One (eOne) brand, grossed over £200 million in UK merchandise sales in 2010, doubling the 2009 figure of £100 million. According to NPD figures for 2010, Peppa Pig had become the number one pre-school property in the total toy market, moving up four places from its 2009 position. Peppa Pig was stated to have over 1,000 licensees worldwide, and 80 in the US, up from 63 licensees in 2010.

Episode DVDs and a variety of licensed Peppa Pig products including video games and other toys such as playsets, playing cards, vehicles, and stuffed toys are sold. The range was expanded to include household items such as bathroom products, stationery, bed-linen, food, drink, clothing, and jewellery. A music album titled "My First Album" was released in July 2019.

Discrete

Discrete in science is the opposite of continuous: something that is separate; distinct; individual.
Discrete may refer to:

United Methodist Church

The United Methodist Church (UMC) is a Methodist–Christian denomination that is one of the largest Protestant churches in the United States. It was founded in 1968 by the union of the Methodist Church (USA) and the Evangelical United Brethren Church. The UMC traces its roots back to the teachings of John and Charles Wesley in England. With over 8 million members and 35,000 churches it is second only to the Southern Baptist Convention among Protestant denominations. As of 2009, worldwide membership was about 12 million. It is a member of the World Council of Churches, the World Methodist Council, and other religious associations.

Rise of the Tomb Raider

Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure video game. It was developed by Crystal Dynamics. It was published by Square Enix and Microsoft Studios. The game is the sequel to the 2013 video game "Tomb Raider". It was released in November 2015 for Xbox 360 and Xbox One. 

The game is set in Siberia and it follows Lara Croft and Jonah Maiava as they find an ancient city that was built by the Grand Prince of Vladimir during the 13th century.


Son in Law

Son in Law is a 1993 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Steve Rash and was produced by Peter M. Lenkov and Michael Rotenberg. "Son in Law" was released on July 2, 1993. The movie starred Pauly Shore.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 12% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Michael Wilmington of the "Los Angeles Times" said that the movie was trying to be a comedy version of "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" even thorugh the main character is genuinely a jerk.


The Dick Van Dyke Show

The Dick Van Dyke Show is an American situation comedy television series. It premiered on CBS on October 3, 1961. The series lasted for 158 half-hour episodes. The show came to an end on June 1, 1966 and is no longer airing. that same year, CBS began broadcasting in color. The show was created and produced by Carl Reiner. The executive producer was Sheldon Leonard. The show starred Dick Van Dyke, Mary Tyler Moore, Rose Marie and Morey Amsterdam. It was about a fictional television comedy writer, Rob Petrie (Van Dyke). The series won 15 Emmy Awards. In 1997, the episodes "Coast-to-Coast Big Mouth" and "It May Look Like a Walnut" were ranked at 8 and 15 on "TV Guide's 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time". In 2002, it was ranked at 13 on "TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time".

In 1991, Nick at Nite began airing reruns, and continued airing until 2000, when it was removed from the lineup. It also aired on TV Land from 2000 to 2007, and again from 2011 to 2013.

In 1993, Bud Light launched its Rob and Laura campaign, and continued until 1998. The 30-second black and white spots feature a clip from an episode of The Dick Van Dyke Show. The spot closes with the narrator saying "For the great taste that won't fill you up and never lets you down, Make it a Bud Light".

Encino Man

Encino Man (known as California Man in Europe) is a 1992 American comedy movie. It was directed by Les Mayfield and was produced by George Zaloom, Hilton A. Green, and Michael Rotenberg. "Encino Man" was released on May 22, 1992. The movie is about two teenagers from Encino, Los Angeles, California, who discover a caveman in their backyard that is frozen in a block of ice. The caveman has to try and learn to live in the 20th century. A television movie spin-off titled "Encino Woman" was released in 1996.

The movie gained negative reviews from movie critics and holds a 16% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Pauly Shore won a Razzie Award for Worst New Star.


Forest-Montiers

Forest-Montiers is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Ochancourt

Ochancourt is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Forest-l'Abbaye

Forest-l'Abbaye is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Le Titre

Le Titre is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 385 people lived there.

In 1288, Edward I of England and his wife Eleanor of Castile bought the castle's land.

Nouvion

Nouvion is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Franleu

Franleu is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Saint-Valery-sur-Somme

Saint-Valery-sur-Somme is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Beaumetz

Beaumetz is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Ablaincourt-Pressoir

Ablaincourt-Pressoir is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Acheux-en-Vimeu

Acheux-en-Vimeu is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Béthencourt-sur-Mer

Béthencourt-sur-Mert is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Bernay-en-Ponthieu

Bernay-en-Ponthieu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ponthoile

Ponthoile is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Domvast

Domvast is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Arry, Somme

Arry is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 196 people lived there.

Bayonvillers

Bayonvillers is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Vergies

Vergies is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Lamotte-Buleux

Lamotte-Buleux is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 345 people lived there.

Agenvillers

Agenvillers is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Aigneville

Aigneville is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Port-le-Grand

Port-le-Grand is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Canchy, Somme

Canchy is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Neuilly-l'Hôpital

Neuilly-l'Hôpital is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Sailly-Flibeaucourt

Sailly-Flibeaucourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Saint-Riquier

Saint-Riquier is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo

Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo is a 2005 American comedy movie. It was directed by Mike Bigelow and was produced by John Schneider, Adam Sandler, and Jack Giarraputo. "Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo" was released on August 12, 2005. It is the sequel to the 1999 movie "".


The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 9% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. At the Razzie Awards, the movie was nominated for Worst Picture, Worst Screenplay, Worst Remake or Sequel and Worst Screen Couple. Schneider won for Worst Actor.

Move critic Roger Ebert gave the movie a "zero star" rating and called it "aggressively bad, as if it wants to cause suffering to the audience" and on his show "Ebert and Roeper" "completely beneath contempt." He named it as the worst movie of 2005, and he included it in his list of most hated movies. Ebert also told off Schneider because of his obsessive defense of the movie series, referring to an incident where Los Angeles Times movie critic Patrick Goldstein called Schneider a "third-rate comic." Schneider responded by saying that Goldstein was a "third-rate, unfunny pompous reporter" and that he was not qualified to review the movie because he was not a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist. Ebert, who had won the Pulitzer Prize, decided to criticize Schneider in his own review. He ended his review with the quote "Your movie sucks" which later became the title of a book that was published by Ebert.

Both Ebert and Schneider would later settle their differences, and Schneider sent a bouquet of flowers and his well wishes to Ebert who was recovering from thyroid cancer. Ebert would respond by saying "Rob Schneider might (in my opinion) have made a bad movie. He is not a bad man."

List of musical instruments

This is a list of musical instruments.

La Chaussée-Tirancourt

La Chaussée-Tirancourt is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Oneux

Oneux is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 379 people lived there.

Ault, Somme

Ault is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Somme department in the north of France.

Ault is on the English Channel, west of Abbeville. It has chalk cliffs and a beach of pebbles and sand at low tide. South of the town is a large wooded valley, the ‘Bois de Cise. North of the town the cliffs become smaller, to the level of the beach at Onival. The area around the town, the 'hâble d’Ault' was mostly tidal marshland. This has been reclaimed from the sea and is used for farming cattle and sheep.

Ault had a station on the standard gauge Woincourt to Onival line. The line closed to passengers in May 1939, but was used during World War II to move materials for the Atlantic Wall. During the war, a metre gauge line was built at the side of the road from Lanchères, on the CFBS, to Ault. This line was removed after the war.


The sea is washing away the beach, cliffs and public spaces including car parks and gardens. To protect the coast, a "balcony on the sea", a huge concrete construction has been built, However, there are signs of wear on the dyke under the casino.

Rue, Somme

Rue is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Yamagata Aritomo

Yamagata was born June 14, 1838, in Hagi. Hagi was the capital of the feudal domain of Chōshū (present-day Yamaguchi prefecture). He was schooled by his father. Yamagata studied Japanese and Chinese literature. He learned the martial arts of "Jujutsu". Yamagata also learned the military use of the spear and how to fence.

He went to "Shokasonjuku", a private school run by Yoshida Shōin. There, he helped overthrow the Tokugawa shogunate in 1868. He was a commander in the "Kiheitai". This was a semi-military organization created along semi-western lines by the Chōshū domain. He was a staff officer in the Boshin War (1867 to 1868).

After the Tokugawa were overthrown, Yamagata and Saigō Tsugumichi traveled abroad in 1869. They were sent to research the military systems of western countries. Yamagata was impressed with the Prussian military. After a year Yamagata returned and reported directly to Emperor Meiji in Tokyo. He was made "Assistant Vice Minister of Military Affairs". He used the military theories of Carl von Clausewitz and Prussian war games to change Japan's army. He became War Minister in 1873. He modernized the Imperial Japanese Army and made it like the Prussian army. He started military conscription in 1873.

Yamagata had no children. He adopted a nephew to be his heir. The nephew was Yamagata Isaburō, the second son of his oldest sister. Then, Isaburō became a career bureaucrat, cabinet minister, and head of the civilian administration of Korea. In his later life he enjoyed landscape architecture, poetry and the rituals of the tea ceremony. Yamagata died on February 1, 1922.



Vron

Vron is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Cefalexin

Cefalexin also known as cephalexin and sold under the brand names Keflex and Ceporex is a type of drug called an antibiotic. It is a type of antibiotic called a cephalosporin. Cefalexin can treat some bacterial infections in areas including the ear, bone, joint, skin, and bladder.  It may also be used for some types of pneumonia and strep throat. Like other antibiotics, cefalexin cannot treat viral infections, such as the flu or common cold.

Cefalexin can be used in children and people over the age of 65.  Using it during pregnancy or breastfeeding has not been shown to cause harm to the baby. People with kidney problems may need lower doses of cefalexin. 

Common side effects include diarrhea, vomiting, and upset stomach.  Allergic reactions can occur, such as rash or even trouble breathing.  An allergic reaction and infection with "Clostridium difficile (C. diff)", a severe diarrhea, is also possible. 

Cefalexin can interact with some drugs. These interactions are usually mild. BCG can treat cancer and also is a tuberculosis vaccine. Cefalexin and BCG cannot be taken together because the effects of BCG will decrease. Alcohol may affect the absorption of the drug. 

This drug can be taken by mouth in the form of a tablet, capsule, or suspension.  It is taken with or without food.

Drew University

Drew University is a selective coeducational private university located in Madison, New Jersey, USA. Drew has been nicknamed the "University in the Forest" because of its wooded campus. The Princeton Review has called Drew one of "America's Top Ten Most Beautiful Colleges". For 2015 it has an enrollment of 1,493 undergraduates. Tuition for the 2014–2015 academic year was $45,214 USD. Drew University has a theology school and is affiliated with the United Methodist church. 

MMMBop

"MMMBop" is a song by American pop rock group Hanson. It was from their 1997 album "Middle of Nowhere". The song hit #1 in several countries, including United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Germany and Mexico.

The song was released on April 15, 1997 in the United States.

International Women of Courage Award

The International Women of Courage Award is an American award. Every year the United States Department of State gives the award to women around the world who have shown the ability to lead other people, the ability to do something that they know is difficult or dangerous, the ability to deal well with new or difficult situations and to find solutions to problems, and who are ready to give up something to help to make people aware of women's rights.

U. S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice started the award in 2007, on March 8, International Women's Day. In many countries in the world, people do something special on this day. Each United States embassy can recommend one woman to be considered for this award.























Division of Tangney

The Division of Tangney is an Australian electoral division in the state of Western Australia. It was named after Dame Dorothy Tangney, the first woman in the Australian Senate. it was set up in 1974.

It covers most of the City of Melville and a large part of the City of Canning. In Melville it includes the suburbs of:

In Canning it includes the suburbs of:

John Dawkins later became Treasurer of Australia (as Member for Fremantle). Daryl Williams, was Attorney-General of Australia in the Howard Government and Rhodes Scholar.


Uncharted 4: A Thief's End

Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an action-adventure third-person shooter platform video game developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony. It marked the fourth game for the "Uncharted" series. The game was released on May 10, 2016.

The game's full in-engine trailer was shown during Sony's press conference at E3 2014 on June 9, 2014. A teaser trailer was released by Naughty Dog on November 14, 2013.

In March 2014, Amy Hennig and Justin Richmond left the studio. In June 2014, it was revealed that Neil Druckmann and Bruce Straley, game directors for "The Last of Us", would be leading the game project.


Mykhailo Chechetov

Mykhailo Vasilyevich Chechetov (; 3 October 1953 – 27 February 2015) was a Ukrainian politician.

Chechetov committed suicide on the night of 27 February 2015 by jumping from the window of his apartment in Kiev.

Duck Commander

Duck Commander is a company that makes duck calls. They also make duck and deer hunting equipment Their main office is in West Monroe, Louisiana, United States.

Phil Robertson, an American football quarterback at Louisiana Tech University, was originally going to play professional football in the NFL. He decided to start a company instead. He began his business in a dilapidated shed. He spent 25 years there making duck calls from Louisiana cedar trees. Phil's third son, Willie Robertson, is the company's chief executive officer. Willie expanded it into a multi-million dollar enterprise. The Robertson family and business are the subjects of "Duck Dynasty", a reality television series on A&E. Before that, they were featured in the "Duck Commander" television show on the Outdoor Channel.



Duck Dynasty

Duck Dynasty is an American reality television series that portrays the lives of the Robertson family and the Duck Commander company.

The series centers around the Robertson family, specifically the long-bearded Robertson men. They include brothers Phil and Si, and Phil's sons Jase, Willie, and Jep. Their company Duck Commander in West Monroe, Louisiana, makes products for duck hunters, primarily a duck call called Duck Commander.



ZZ Top

ZZ Top is an American rock band from Houston, Texas.




Seasons in the Abyss

Seasons in the Abyss is the fifth studio album by American thrash metal band, Slayer. "Seasons in the Abyss" was released on October 9, 1990 through both Def American Records.

The album debuted at #40 on the "Billboard" 200. "Seasons in the Abyss" was certified Gold by both the RIAA in the United States and the CRIA in Canada.



Cane Corso

The Cane Corso is an ancient mastiff breed from Italy. It is a large size dog which is very muscular and loves to run. It is an excellent watchdog. The Cane Corso has been used to hunt animals such as wild boar.

The Cane Corso is highly intelligent, very trainable, and has a stable temperament. It’s skin is tough. It has excellent hearing. It is important that this dog be socialized early. If carefully trained as a pup, it is very good with other people while always being highly protective of its owner. His name derives from the Latin "Cohors" which means "guardian," "protector." The dog is highly tolerant of pain and sometimes electric fences are ignored by the dog. The dog also loves and needs daily exercise.

Early training of this dog is imperative. The owner must introduce the dog to his environment. This includes family, friends, nearby cats and dogs. This is because the Cane Corso breed is first and foremost highly protective of its owner.

Furthermore, this breed is prohibited in several countries and parts of the United States.

Cane Corsos are noted for their loyalty to their owners and are one of the best guarding breeds.

Holly Smale

Holly Smale (born 7 December 1981) is a British writer. She wrote the best-selling, award-winning series "Geek Girl".

Smale won the 2014 Waterstones Children's Book Prize. She was shortlisted for the Roald Dahl Funny Prize. She was recruited by a modelling agency at the age of 15. She modeled for 2 years before deciding to become a writer.

The Benchwarmers

The Benchwarmers is a 2006 American sports-comedy movie. It was directed by Dennis Dugan and was produced by Adam Sandler and Jack Giarraputo. "The Benchwarmers" was released on April 7, 2006.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 11% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Schneider was nominated for a Razzie Award for Worst Actor.


The Hot Chick

The Hot Chick is a 2002 American comedy movie. It was directed by Tom Brady and was produced by John Schneider and Carr D'Angelo. "The Hot Chick" was released on December 13, 2002. The movie is about teenage girl and a 30-year-old criminal who have their minds magically swapped.

The movie had negative reviews from critics and holds a 21% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critics Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper gave the movie two thumbs down. Ebert also gave the movie half a star out of a four and said "The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13."


Carol Dempster

Carol Dempster (December 9, 1901 – February 1, 1991) was an American actress. She was a silent movie star who appeared in movies from 1916 through 1926. She married a wealthy banker and retired from the movie industry. In her later years she was famous for her philanthropy.

Dempster was born December 9, 1901 in Duluth, Minnesota. She was the youngest of four children. Her father was John W. Dempster and her mother was Carrie M. (Acker) Dempster. Her father changed careers when Carol was still a baby and moved the family to California.

She studied dance at the Ruth St. Denis dancing school. There she was noticed by movie director D. W. Griffith who used her as a dancer in his movie "Intolerance" (1916). Griffith then gave her a role in "A Romance of Happy Valley" (1919). The movie featured the popular acting team of Robert Herron and Lillian Gish. Dempster's first starring role came in the movie "The Girl Who Stayed at Home" (1919). Lillian Gish was supposed to get the role, but was reportedly "tired" and Griffith cast Dempster instead. Critics gave Dempster only mild praise. Her first solo starring role was in "The Love Flower" (1920). It was at this time critics began comparing her to Lillian Gish. But it was Griffith who directed her to sound like Gish and his other legendary female stars. It was about this time that Dempster became romantically involved with Griffith. Her first non-Griffith movie was in 1922. She starred in "Sherlock Holmes" with John Barrymore. Her movie "Isn't Life Wonderful?" (1924) was well received by critics. She starred in two movies with W. C. Fields for Paramount Pictures, "Sally of the Sawdust" (1925), and "That Royle Girl" (1925). Her best performance may have been in her last movie "The Sorrows of Satan" (1926).

In July 1929 Dempster was scarred in a car accident in California. A month later she married wealthy investment banker Edwin Skinner Larsen at her rural New York home. After the couple traveled to Europe, Dempster announced her retirement from acting. She and her husband lived in La Jolla, California. She died there on February 1, 1991 from heart failure. Carol Dempster was buried at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park cemetery in Glendale, California. Upon her death, Dempster left $1.6 million USD to the San Diego Museum of Art. The money was to add to the museum's collections of prints and drawings. She and her husband had made several previous gifts to the museum. These included Francisco Zuniga's sculpture "Mother and Daughter Seated" and Thomas Eakins' painting "Elizabeth Crowell and her Dog".

Nancy Kulp

Nancy Kulp (August 28, 1921 – February 3, 1991) was an American actress. She played Miss Jane Hathaway on "The Beverly Hillbillies". She also played Anastasia in the NBC sitcom "It's a Great Life".

She was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. She died from cancer in Palm Desert, California at age 69.

50 First Dates

50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Peter Segal. It was produced by Jack Giarraputo, Steve Golin, and Nancy Juvonen. "50 First Dates" was released on February 13, 2004.

The movie got negative reviews from critics. It has a 44% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert gave the movie three out of four stars. He said "The movie is sort of an experiment for Sandler. He reveals the warm side of his personality, and leaves behind the hostility, anger and gross-out humor... The movie doesn't have the complexity and depth of "Groundhog Day"... but as entertainment it's ingratiating and lovable."


The Soundtrack of the 1980s and 1990s tracklist.


Division of Mayo

The Division of Mayo is an Australian electoral division in the hills east of Adelaide, South Australia. It includes the Adelaide Hills, Fleurieu Peninsula and Kangaroo Island, including the towns of Bridgewater, Crafers, Echunga, Gumeracha, Hahndorf, Langhorne Creek, Lobethal, Macclesfield, Mount Barker, Myponga, Oakbank, Stirling, Strathalbyn, Victor Harbor, Woodside, Yankalilla, and part of Birdwood.

It was set up in 1984 and is named after Helen Mayo, the first woman elected to an Australian University Council. 

Alexander Downer's father and grandfather were federal politicians. Downer was Leader of the Opposition, and became Foreign Minister in the Howard Government. His resignation from parliament caused a by-election for Mayo in 2008.

Novospassky Monastery

Novospassky Monastery ("New monastery of the Saviour", ), is one of the oldest monasteries in Moscow. The first monastery was built in the 14th century. At that time it was inside the walls of the Kremlin. In 1491 the monastery was moved to new buildings on the banks of the Moskva River. It was called the "new monastery". 

In 1571 and 1591, the wooden buildings were attacked by the Crimean Tatars. In 1612, the Tsar, Michael of Russia, had the monastery completely rebuilt. This included the thick stone walls which made it one of the fortified monasteries on the edge of Moscow. These new stone walls were 7.5 meters high and 2 meters thick. They were 782 meters in length, and included six towers. These are the buildings which are still standing. The bell-tower, one of the tallest in Moscow, and the Sheremetev sepulchre in the church of the Sign, were added in the 18th century,

The monastery was supported by Andrei Kobyla's descendants, including the Sheremetyev and Romanov boyars. They used it as their burial vault. Among the last Romanovs buried in the monastery were Xenia Shestova (the mother of the first Romanov Tsar), Princess Tarakanova (a pretender who claimed to have been the only daughter of Empress Elisabeth) and Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia. 


The monastery was closed in 1918 and used as a prison. The cemetery was removed between 1927 and 1930. For a time it was used as a hospital for alcoholics. In 1968 it became a museum of history and an art restoration institute. In 1991 it was returned to the Russian Orthodox Church.


Hebridean Terrane

The Hebridean Terrane is one of the terranes that form part of the Caledonian orogenic belt in northwest Scotland. Its boundary with the neighbouring Northern Highland Terrane is formed by the Moine Thrust Belt.

The basement rock is formed by Archaean and Paleoproterozoic gneisses of the Lewisian complex. They are overlaid unconformably by the Neoproterozoic Torridonian sediments. This in turn is unconformably overlain by a sequence of Cambro–Ordovician sediments. It formed part of the Laurentian foreland during the Caledonian continental collision.

The Hebridean Terrane is the westernmost strip of mainland Scotland, most of the Inner Hebrides and all of the Outer Hebrides. Similar rocks are also thought to be present on Shetland. They have been proved west and north of the Outer Hebrides by BGS shallow boreholes and hydrocarbon exploration wells. The full extent of this terrane to the west is obscured by the effects of Mesozoic rifting.

Some similar rocks occur in Shetland, which are the northern outpost of the Caledonian orogeny,

Sudden cardiac death

Sudden cardiac death is a condition where a person dies because the heart fails to work. It’s very common, about 80% of the people have other heart problems. In general three conditions are present:
In general, people become unconscious within one hour from the onset of symptoms.

Edsvalla

Edsvalla is a locality in Karlstad Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,016 people lived there.

Helsingør

Helsingør is a city in eastern Denmark. It is on the northeastern part of Zealand. 

Division of Port Adelaide

The Division of Port Adelaide was an Australian electoral division in the state of South Australia. It included the suburbs of Alberton, Beverley, Birkenhead, Cheltenham, Findon, Kilkenny, Largs Bay, Mansfield Park, North Haven, Ottoway, Parafield Gardens, Paralowie, Pennington, Port Adelaide, Queenstown, Rosewater, Salisbury Downs, Semaphore, Woodville, West Croydon, and part of Seaton. The seat also included Torrens Island and Garden Island.

It was set up in 1949, and was named after Port Adelaide, the working port of Adelaide.

The Division was abolished in 2019 when a redistribution cut South Australia's divisions from 11 to 10. 



June Diane Raphael

June Diane Raphael (b. January 4, 1980) is an American actress, comedian and screenwriter. She studied acting at New York University. She played Ann in the movie "Forgetting Sarah Marshall". She also played Amanda in "Bride Wars".

Raphael was born in Rockville Centre, New York.

Smokin' Aces

Smokin' Aces is a 2006 American crime thriller movie. It is about a Las Vegas Strip magician who became a mafia informant and the FBI agent who is assigned to protect him. Taraji P. Henson plays Sharice. Ray Liotta plays Donald. Alicia Keys plays Georgia.

The movie got negative reviews from critics. It made more than $54 million worldwide.


List of pharaohs

This is a list of the pharaohs of Ancient Egypt. It starts in the Early Dynastic Period, before 3100 BC. It ends with the Ptolemaic Dynasty, when Egypt became a province of Rome under Augustus in 30 BC.

The dates given are approximate. The list of pharaohs uses the dates of Ancient Egypt, developed by the Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology.

There are old lists of pharaohs which have been discovered. These are not complete:

Other lists can be found in Herodotus, Diodorus Siculus, and Eratosthenes. Two other lists are not believed to be reliable, these are the work of "the Arabic writers", and the "Book of Sothis".

In the legendary period, there were eight god kings who ruled over Egypt. The Palermo, Turin and Manetho king lists, have different names for the eight god kings.

The god kings were followed by kings who were part god and part human. The old lists are different in naming these rulers.

The Archaic period includes the Early Dynastic Period, when Lower Egypt and Upper Egypt were ruled as separate kingdoms.

Lower Egypt was the northern Nile and the Nile Delta. The list may not be complete:
Upper Egypt was the Nile Valley, south of the Delta. The following list may not be complete (there are many more of uncertain existence):
The First Dynasty ruled from about 3150 to 2890 BC.

In the interregnum between the first and second dynasties, two short lived pharaohs may have reigned :
The Second Dynasty ruled c. 2890–2686 BC.

The Old Kingdom was a peak of civilisation and achievement. This was the first of three so-called "Kingdom" periods which mark the high points of civilization in the Nile Valley. It began when Egypt was ruled by the Third Dynasty through the Sixth Dynasty (2686–2181 BC). Many Egyptologists also include the Memphite Seventh and Eighth Dynasties in the Old Kingdom. The Old Kingdom was followed by a period of disunity called the First Intermediate Period, or as the Egyptians called it, the "first illness."

The royal capital of Egypt during the Old Kingdom was at Memphis. This is where Djoser set up his court. The Old Kingdom is known for the large number of pyramids. These were built as tombs for the pharoahs. The Old Kingdom is called ""the Age of the Pyramids"".

The Third Dynasty ruled from 2686 to 2613 BC.
The Fourth Dynasty ruled from 2613 to 2498 BC. It included the pharaohs who had the Great Pyramids built, Khufu (Cheops), Khafra (Chephren) and Menkaura (Mycerinus).
The Fifth Dynasty ruled from 2498 to 2345 BC.
The Sixth Dynasty ruled from 2345 to 2181 BC.
The First Intermediate Period (2181–2060 BC) is between the end of the Old Kingdom and the start of the Middle Kingdom.

The Old Kingdom rapidly collapsed after the death of Pepi II. He had reigned for 94 years, longer than any monarch in history, and died aged 100. The latter years of his reign were marked by inefficiency because of his advanced age.

The Union of the Two Kingdoms fell apart and regional leaders had to cope with the resulting famine.

Around 2160 BC, a new line of pharaohs tried to reunite Lower Egypt from their capital in Herakleopolis Magna. Another line of pharaohs at Thebes was reuniting Upper Egypt and a clash between the two rival dynasties was inevitable.

Around 2055 BC, Mentuhotep II, the son and successor of pharaoh Intef III defeated the Herakleopolitan pharaohs and reunited the Two Lands. This was the start of the Middle Kingdom.

The Seventh and Eighth Dynasties ruled from c. 2181 to c. 2160 BC. Many of the kings only ruled for a short time from Memphis, with Egypt divided into competing regions.
This table is based on the Abydos King List dating to the reign of Seti I, and the Turin canon.

The Ninth Dynasty ruled from 2160 to 2130 BC. The Turin King List has 18 kings in the Ninth and Tenth Dynasties. Of these, twelve names are missing and four are not complete.

The Tenth Dynasty was a local group that ruled over Lower Egypt from 2130 to 2040 BC.

The Eleventh Dynasty was a local group from Upper Egypt that ruled from 2134 to 1991 BC. The 11th dynasty came from a group of Theban nomarchs who served the kings of the 8th, 9th or 10th dynasty.

The successors of Intef the Elder, starting with Mentuhotep I, eventually conquered Egypt under Mentuhotep II.

The Middle Kingdom (2060–1802 BC) started at the end of the First Intermediate Period to the beginning of the Second Intermediate Period. Some scholars include the Eleventh, Thirteenth and Fourteenth Dynasties in the Middle Kingdom. The Middle Kingdom began to trade outside of the kingdom. This opening of trade led to the downfall of the Middle Kingdom, caused by an invasion from the Hyksos.

The second part of the Eleventh Dynasty is considered to be part of the Middle Kingdom of Egypt.

The Twelfth Dynasty ruled from 1991 to 1802 BC. It is considered by later Egyptians to have been their greatest dynasty.
The Second Intermediate Period (1802–1550 BC) was a time of chaos between the end of the Middle Kingdom, and the start of the New Kingdom. During this time, the Hyksos, who later became the Fifteenth Dynasty, arrived in Egypt.

The Thirteenth Dynasty was much weaker than the Twelfth Dynasty, and was unable to hold onto the two lands of Egypt. Either at the start of the dynasty, c. 1805 BC or toward the middle of it in c. 1710 BC, the ruling family in Xois, located in the marshes of the eastern Delta, broke away from the central authority to form the Canaanite Fourteenth Dynasty.

The Hyksos made their first appearance during the reign of Sobekhotep IV. About 1720 BC they took control of the town of Avaris (the modern Tell el-Dab'a/Khata'na), conquering the kingdom of the 14th dynasty. About 1650 BC the Hyksos, perhaps led by Salitis the founder of the Fifteenth Dynasty, conquered Memphis, which ended the 13th dynasty. When the 13th dynasty collapsed, the 16th dynasty to declared its independence in Thebes. It was soon taken over by the Hyksos kings..

When the Hyksos left Upper Egypt, the Egyptian ruling house in Thebes set itself up as the Seventeenth Dynasty. This dynasty under Seqenenre Tao, Kamose and Ahmose, first pharaoh of the New Kingdom, forced the Hyksos out of Egypt and back into Asia

The Thirteenth Dynasty (following the Turin King List) ruled from 1802 to around 1649 BC. Manetho said it lasted for about 154 years. 
The position of the following kings is uncertain:

The Fourteenth Dynasty was a local group from the eastern Delta, based at Avaris. They ruled from either from 1805 BC or c. 1710 BC until around 1650 BC. The dynasty had many rulers with West Semitic names and is believed to have been Canaanite in origin.

The position and identity of the following pharaohs is uncertain:

The Turin King List has extra names, but no other evidence has been found.

The Fifteenth Dynasty was started by the Hyksos people who emerged from the Fertile Crescent. They ruled over much of the Nile region, from 1674 to 1535 BC.

The Second Intermediate Period may include an independent dynasty reigning over Abydos from c. 1650 BC until 1600 BC. There are four known kings in the Abydos Dynasty, the order in which they ruled is unknown:
The Sixteenth Dynasty was a native Theban dynasty. It began during the collapse of the Memphis-based 13th dynasty c. 1650 BC and finally conquered by the Hyksos 15th dynasty c. 1580 BC. The 16th dynasty only ruled over Upper-Egypt.
The 16th Dynasty may have included the pharaohs Sneferankhre Pepi III and Nebmaatre. Their chronological position is uncertain.

The Seventeenth Dynasty was based in Upper Egypt and ruled from 1650 to 1550 BC:
The early 17th Dynasty may also have included Nebmaatre, whose dates are uncertain.

The New Kingdom (1550–1077 BC) includes the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth dynasty of Egypt, from the 16th to the 11th century BC. It is between the Second Intermediate Period and the Third Intermediate Period.

During the New Kingdom, Egypt's armies were able to capture nearby countries. Egypt controlled Nubia in the south, and held territories in the Near East. Egyptian armies fought with Hittite armies for control of modern-day Syria. During the New Kingdom, Egypt controlled more territory than at any other time in its history.

Two of the best known pharaohs of the New Kingdom are Akhenaten and Ramesses II. Akhenaten, also known as Amenhotep IV, worshipped the god Aten. This is seen as the first monotheistic religion. Ramesses II was a powerful military ruler. He tried to recapture the territories in what is now modern Israel/Palestine, Lebanon and Syria that had been held in the Eighteenth Dynasty. At the Battle of Qadesh he led the Egyptian armies in battle against the Hittite king Muwatalli II.

The Eighteenth Dynasty ruled from c. 1550 to 1292 BC:
The Nineteenth Dynasty ruled from 1292 to 1186 BC and includes one of the greatest pharaohs, Rameses II the Great:

The Twentieth Dynasty ruled from 1190 to 1077 BC:

The Third Intermediate Period (1077–732 BC) marked the end of the New Kingdom. After the collapse of the Egyptian empire, some dynasties of Libyan origin ruled Egypt. This is also known as the Libyan Period.

The Twenty-First Dynasty was based at Tanis and was a relatively weak group. They were rulers of all Egypt, but in practice their influence was limited to Lower Egypt. They ruled from 1069 to 943 BC

The pharaohs of the Twenty-Second Dynasty were Libyans, ruling from around 943 to 728 BC:
The Twenty-Third Dynasty was another Libyan group, based at Herakleopolis and Thebes. They ruled from 837 to c. 735 BC:
Rudamun was succeeded in Thebes by a local ruler: 
Not really a dynasty, the Libu were another group of western nomads from Libya who controlled the western Delta from 805 to 732 BC.

The Twenty-fourth Dynasty was a short-lived rival dynasty in the western Delta (Sais). There were only two Pharaohs, ruling from 732 to 720 BC.

The Late Period runs from 732 BC to Egypt becoming a province of Rome in 30 BC, and includes periods of rule by Nubians, Persians, and Macedonians.

Nubians invaded Lower Egypt and took the throne of Egypt under Piye although they already controlled Thebes and Upper Egypt in the early years of Piye's reign. Piye's conquest of Lower Egypt established the Twenty-fifth Dynasty which ruled until 656 BC.
They were forced from Egypt back into Nubia, where they set up a kingdom at Napata (656–590), and, later, at Meroë (590 BC – 4th century AD).

The Twenty-sixth Dynasty ruled from around 672 to 525 BC.

Egypt was conquered by the Persian Empire in 525 BC and ruled by the Persians until 404 BC. The Achaemenid shahs were the pharaohs in this era, forming a "Twenty-seventh" Dynasty:

The Twenty-eighth Dynasty lasted only six years, from 404 to 398 BC, with one Pharaoh:
The Twenty-ninth Dynasty ruled from 398 to 380 BC:
The Thirtieth Dynasty ruled from 380 until Egypt once more came under Persian rule in 343 BC:
Egypt again came under the control of the Achaemenid Persians. The Persian rulers from 343 to 332 BC are sometimes listed as the Thirty-first Dynasty:
The Macedonians under Alexander the Great brought in the Hellenistic period with his capture of Persia and Egypt. The Argeads ruled from 332 to 309 BC:

The second Hellenistic dynasty, the Ptolemies, ruled Egypt from 305 BC until Egypt became a province of Rome in 30 BC. If two dates overlap, that means there was a co-regency. The most famous member of this dynasty was Cleopatra VII. In modern times she is known simply as Cleopatra. She was the consort of Julius Caesar and after Caesar's death, of Mark Antony, and had children with both of them. Cleopatra tried to create a dynastic and political union between Egypt and Rome. This failed with the assassination of Caesar and the defeat of Mark Antony. Caesarion (Ptolemy XV Philopator Philometor Caesar) was the last king of the Ptolemaic dynasty of Egypt. He reigned jointly with his mother Cleopatra VII of Egypt, from September 2, 47 BC. He was the eldest son of Cleopatra VII, and possibly the only son of Julius Caesar, after whom he was named. Between Cleopatra's death on August 12, 30 BC, up to his own death on August 23, 30 BC, he was the sole pharaoh. It is tradition that he was hunted down and killed on the orders of Octavian, who would become the Roman emperor Augustus, but there is no evidence.

Cleopatra VII had affairs with the Roman Dictator Julius Caesar and Roman General Marc Antony. She killed herself when Antony was defeated by Octavian (later be Emperor Augustus). Egypt then became a province of Rome in 30 BC. Roman Emperors were given the title of Pharaoh, although exclusively while in Egypt. One Egyptian king-list lists the Roman Emperors as Pharaohs up to and including Decius. See the list of Roman Emperors.



Caitlin Stasey

Caitlin Jean Stasey (born 1 May 1990) is an Australian actress and singer. She is best known for her role in the soap opera "Neighbours". She also has appeared in television series such as "The Sleepover Club", "Please Like Me" and "Reign". She also appeared in the movies "Tomorrow, When the War Began" (2010), "All Cheerleaders Die" (2013), "Lust for Love" (2014) and "I, Frankenstein" (2014).

Stasey was born in Melbourne, Victoria. Her English parents are from Norwich. She is a feminist. She married American actor Lucas Neff in 2016.

Defragmentation

Defragmentation is a process that happens with digital files. Files are usually stored in one part. When a disk drive fills up, finding an empty space that is large enough becomes more difficult. When this happens, the file is split into different parts, and each part is stored on a different place in the disk. That process is known as fragmentation. Fragmentation happens because different parts of a file are not stored next to each other. When the file is read, the different parts must be assembled. Fragmented files take longer to assemble. Files that are stored in one part can be read faster. Defragmentation reverses fragmentation and puts the file into one piece.

Defragmentation is the process of rearranging the different parts, so that they are stored next to each other. This is usually done by copying them to a different place on the disk. Defragmentation is relevant to file systems on electromechanical disk drives. To read each part, the head of the hard disk needs to reposition itself to the area where the part is stored.

The problem of defragmentation is that it is takes a long time and in some cases, the file system cannot be changed while it is in progress. For that reason, defragmentation should not be done, when it can be avoided.

There are different kinds of files, some of them are modified more often. It is often a good practice to put them on different partitions, as most Unix-like operating systems do. Also, the design of hard drives has changed over time, which makes the effects of defragmentation less visible.

Media that uses flash memory, such as solid-state disks, do not benefit from defragmentation, as there are no moving parts than need to be re-positioned.

Sweden Box Open

The Sweden Box Open was an international amateur boxing event in Sweden. It was held between 1980 and 1997 The event was often held in January. It was usually held in Stockholm as the Stockholm Box Open. The 1995 and 1996 editions were held in Sundsvall and Timrå.

The event was one of the major amateur boxing competitions in Europe.

Skara HF

Skara HF is a handball club in Skara, Sweden. It was established on 8 April 1993 when Hangelösa HF and Stenums IF merged their handball sections. The women's team has played in the Swedish top division during the 1990s.


Swedish Ski Games

The Swedish Ski Games () is an annual cross-country skiing event in Sweden. It was started in Sundsvall in 1947. It was moved to Falun in 1959. Ski jumping and Nordic combined skiing were included up to 1991 as a recurring event. Alpine skiing was also included between 1950 and 1953 (in Åre). Biathlon was included in 1984. The event is usually held in February or March as one of the final World Cup competitions during the season. The event is usually held at Lugnet. Sometimes the lack of snow has required the event to be moved to other places in Sweden.


Transtrand

Transtrand is a locality in Malung-Sälen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 386 people lived there.

The Lawnmower Man

The Lawnmower Man is a 1992 science fiction-horror movie. It is about a simple-minded gardener who later becomes intelligent. A priest punishes him for not completing his chores. He then gains special powers. Pierce Brosnan plays Dr. Lawrence Angelo.

The movie got mixed reviews from the critics. It made over $32 million at the box office.


Man Trouble

Man Trouble is a 1992 American romantic comedy movie. Ellen Barkin plays Joan. Jack Nicholson plays Harry. Beverly D'Angelo plays Andy. It was directed by Bob Rafelson and written by Carole Eastman, who together had been responsible for 1970's "Five Easy Pieces".

This movie did not have good reviews from critics. It flopped at the box office.


Melina Mercouri

Melina Mercouri (31 October 1925 – 6 March 1994) was a Greek actress, singer, and politician. 

Mercouri’s parents were Stamatis Mercouris and Irene Lappa. Her father was the governor of a section of Athens. She went to school at the Academy of the National Theatre, Athens from 1943 to 1946.

In 1939, Mercouri married Panayiotis Harokopus. They divorced in 1962. Mercouri remarried in 1966 to Jules Dassin.

She died from lung cancer at age 73 in New York City.

Mercouri was an actor in many movies. Her first movie was "Stella" in 1955. She later acted in "Topkapi" (1964), and  "Never on Sunday" (1960). Her husband, Dassin, was the director of these movies. Mercouri also acted and sang in the musical "llya, Darling" (1967). She became very famous for her work in "Never on Sunday." Mercouri also was awarded an Academy Award nomination for best actress from that role. Later, she became the Greek Minister of Culture and Sciences. Her job was to educate about Greek history, art and sports. While in this job, Mercouri supported Greek arts, sports, and women's rights. She became part of the Greek Parliament in 1977. Mercouri was also an author. She wrote her autobiography: "I Was Born Greek".

Contemporary Authors Online. “Melina Mercouri.”Biography in Context. GALE, 2014. Biography in Context. May 4, 2018.

Benson, Sonia G. "Melina Mercouri." Biography in Context. GALE, 2001. Gale Biography In Context. May 4, 2018.

Flint, Peter B. "Melina Mercouri, Actress and Politician, Is Dead." New York Times, 7 Mar. 1994. Student Resources In Context, May, 4 2018.

"Mercouri, Melina." World Book Advanced, World Book, 2018. World Book, Inc. May 4, 2018.
Arrhythmia

Arrhythmia (commonly called irregular heartbeat) is the name for a number of conditions, where the heartbeat is not normal. It may be too fast (tachycardia); too slow (bradycardia); or the heart may not beat in its regular rhythm.

Artificial pacemaker is used to care arrhythmia.

Deaths in March 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in March 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Kim Kyung-roul

Kim Kyung-roul (; 23 February 1980 – 22 February 2015) was a South Korean professional billiards player. He won the 2010 Three-Cushion World Cup.

Kim lived in Ilsan, where he died on 22 February 2015, after falling out of his apartment window. He was 34.

John Rowlands (author)

John Rowlands (1938 – 23 February 2015) was a Welsh language author of several novels including "Lle bo'r gwenyn" ("Where Bees May Be", 1960). He was a Professor of Welsh Literature. 

Rakhat Aliyev

Rakhat Mukhtaruly Aliyev (; 10 December 1962 – 24 February 2015) was a senior official of the government of Kazakhstan. He died in an Austrian prison awaiting trial on charges of murder. His trial was planned to start in Vienna in first half of year 2015. He was chief of Kazakhstan's tax police, deputy chief of the KNB state security service (Kazakhstan's successor to the Soviet KGB), ambassador to Austria, and first vice foreign minister.

Irving Kahn

Irving Kahn (December 19, 1905 – February 24, 2015) was an American businessman and investor. He was the oldest living active investment professional. He was an early disciple of Benjamin Graham, the creator of the value investing methodology.

Kahn began his career in 1928 and continued to work until his death in 2015. He is one of the most notable alumni of City College of New York.


Roger Cecil

Roger Cecil (18 July 1942 – 22 February 2015) was a Welsh painter and mixed media artist. He was born in Abertillery, and studied at Newport College of Art and St Martin’s School of Art. In 1964 he won the David Murray Landscape Award from the Royal Academy.

He was known for both his figurative and largely abstract paintings, "rich in imagery, poetry and colour, which are drawn from his environment, the industrial valley towns and mountains."

In later years Cecil suffered from dementia. He was reported as missing from hospital on 21 February 2015, and was last seen in the early hours of 22 February. After a search, his body was found on 24 February in a field near Cwmbran. Gwent Police treated the death as unexplained. They referred themselves to the Independent Police Complaints Commission because a member of the public had spoken to a police officer about Cecil before his body was found.

Donald Keough

Donald R. Keough (September 4, 1926 – February 24, 2015) was an American businessman. He was the Chairman of the Board of Allen & Company Incorporated, a New York investment-banking firm. He was elected to that position in April 1993.

Maurice Hurley (screenwriter)

Maurice Hurley (August 16, 1939 – February 24, 2015) was an American screenwriter and producer. He was known best for his work on "".

Bertrice Small

Bertrice Small (December 9, 1937 – February 24, 2015), was an American "New York Times" bestselling writer of historical and erotic romance novels. She was a member of The Authors Guild, Romance Writers of America, PAN, and PASIC.


Boris Nemtsov

Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov ( ; 9 October 195927 February 2015) was a Russian scientist, statesman and liberal politician. He had a successful political career during the 1990s under President Boris Yeltsin. Since 2000 had been an outspoken critic of Vladimir Putin. He was shot and killed in February 2015 for his pro-democracy views on Russia, probably by loyalists of Vladimir Putin, on a bridge near the Kremlin and Red Square in Moscow.

Nemtsov studied physics, and held the equivalent of a Phd in physics and mathematics, from the university of Nizhny Novgorod, which was called Gorki at the time.

Terry Gill

Terry Gill (25 October 1939 – 25 February 2015) was an Anglo-Australian character actor. He was known for his roles in "Crocodile Dundee" and in "Prisoner".

Fritz J. Raddatz

Fritz Joachim Raddatz (3 September 1931 – 26 February 2015) was a German feuilletonist, essayist, biographer and romancier.

In September 2014 Raddatz announced his retirement from active writing. He was a bisexual.

Raddatz, who was an advocate of Euthanasia, committed suicide at the age of 83 on 26 February 2015 in Zurich. He never wanted to become a nursing case. In full possession of his powers he decided: "That's it, it's enough."

Earl Lloyd

He didn’t enter the draft he was just randomly picked. He was walking down campus when someone told him he was picked in the draft
Earl Francis Lloyd (April 3, 1928 – February 26, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. He was the first black person to play in the National Basketball Association, in the 1950–51 NBA season. Three other African Americans played in the same season: Chuck Cooper, Nathaniel Clifton, and Hank DeZonie. 

Tom Schweich

Thomas A. "Tom" Schweich (October 2, 1960 – February 26, 2015) was an American politician, diplomat, attorney, and author. A member of the Republican Party, Schweich served as State Auditor of Missouri.

Prior to being elected State Auditor, he served as the U.S. Coordinator for Counternarcotics and Justice Reform in Afghanistan. While in that position, he was given the rank of Ambassador by U.S. President George W. Bush.

In the 2010 election, Schweich was elected State Auditor, defeating Democratic incumbent Susan Montee. He was reelected in 2014 without opposition. In 2015, Schweich announced he would run for Governor of Missouri in the 2016 election. On February 26, 2015, he died as a result of injuries sustained from a gunshot wound.

Martha Cohen

Martha Ruth Cohen, CM, AOE, LLD (née Block; 1920 – February 26, 2015) was a Canadian community activist and philanthropist. She was a member of the Order of Canada.

Cohen was of Jewish descent.


Avijit Roy

Avijit Roy (; 12 September 1972 – 26 February 2015) was a Bangladeshi-American engineer, writer, blogger and secular activist. He was hacked to death in Dhaka, Bangladesh, on 26 February 2015. A Muslim extremist group claimed responsibility for the attack. 

Avjit Roy was a U.S. citizen. He was born in Bangladesh. His family is Hindu. He studied microbiology at Dhaka University. His father Ajoy was a professor of physics at the university. Avjit Roy moved to the city of Atlanta in the United States. He had a job there as an engineer.

In May 2001, Roy started Mukto-Mona, meaning "free mind", as a Yahoo group. In 2002 Mukto-Muno became a website. Mukto-Muno started the first Bengali Darwin Day, Rationalist Day, and International Women's Day on the internet. The group worked for freedom for religious minorities and secular writers. The group discussed religious questions and LGBT issues.

Avjit Roy wrote many articles, as well as books. In 2014, Roy received death threats after he wrote a book. One threat on Facebook said, "Avijit Roy lives in America and so it is not possible to kill him right now, but he will be murdered when he gets back."

In 2015, Avijit Roy returned to Dhaka and was killed after leaving a book fair with his wife. Roy's wife, Rafida Bonya Ahmed, was also hurt in the attack. On March 2, 2016, Farabi Shafiur Rahman was arrested for the attack. Farabi wrote on Facebook, “Avijit lives in America. It is not possible to kill him now. But he will be killed when he will be back in the country.” Rahman is a blogger from the banned Islamist group Hizb ut-Tahrir.



Richard Bakalyan

Richard Bakalyan (January 29, 1931 – February 27, 2015) was an American character actor. He was known for his roles in "Batman, Chinatown, The Fox and the Hound".


The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou

The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is a 2004 American comedy-drama movie directed by Wes Anderson. It stars Bill Murray, Cate Blanchett, Willem Dafoe, Michael Gambon, Jeff Goldblum, Anjelica Huston, Owen Wilson, and Seymour Cassel. It was released to mixed reviews on December 25, 2004.

Seymour Cassel

Seymour Joseph Cassel (January 22, 1935 – April 7, 2019) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Sam Catchem in "Dick Tracy" and as Esteban in "The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou".

Cassel died of complications from Alzheimer's disease in Los Angeles on April 7, 2019 at the age of 84.

Moonrise Kingdom

Moonrise Kingdom is a 2012 American comedy-drama adventure movie. It was directed by Wes Anderson and written by Anderson and Roman Coppola. It stars Jared Gilman, Kara Hayward, Bruce Willis, Edward Norton, Bill Murray, Frances McDormand, Jason Schwartzman, Bob Balaban and Harvey Keitel. It is set in New England in 1965. It is about a 12-year-old boy and 12-year-old girl who run away together. It received very positive reviews when it was released on May 25, 2012.

Alejandro González Iñárritu

Alejandro González Iñárritu (born August 15, 1963) is an Academy Award-winning Mexican movie director, screenwriter, movie producer, and composer. His five feature movies – "Amores perros" (2000), "21 Grams" (2003), "Babel" (2006), "Biutiful" (2010), "Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)" (2014), and "The Revenant" (2015).

He is also close friends with fellow Mexican filmmakers Alfonso Cuarón and Guillermo del Toro, collectively known as "The Three Amigos of Cinema".

Alejandro González Iñárritu's filmmaking style features non-linear storytelling, multiple perspectives, realism, redemption themes, long takes, symbolism, sound design, social commentary, and ambiguity, exploring intricate human relationships and complex themes. 


Bohdan Tomaszewski

Bohdan Tomaszewski (August 10, 1921 – February 27, 2015) was a Polish sports journalist, tennis player, sports commentator, and author of several sports books. Called a “legend of Polish sports journalism”, he was a member of the Polish Writers Association, and, with his son Tomasz, worked for the television station Polsat Sport.

Vulcan salute

The Vulcan salute is a hand gesture which became popular by the 1960s television series . It is done when the hand is raised with the palm forward and the thumb extended, while the fingers are parted between the middle and ring finger. It is a symbol of greeting by the character Spock. Nimoy based it on a hand gesture used by Jewish priests called Kohanim to bless people in Orthodox Jewish synagogues. 

Bob Benmosche

Robert Herman "Bob" Benmosche (May 29, 1944 – February 27, 2015) was the president and chief executive officer of American International Group (NYSE: AIG ). He was appointed President & Chief Executive Officer by the US Department of Treasury and AIG Board of Directors to succeed Edward M. Liddy.

Yaşar Kemal

Yaşar Kemal, (born Kemal Sadık Gökçeli 6 October 1923 – 28 February 2015) was a Turkish writer of Kurdish origin. He was one of Turkey's leading writers. Kemal was long a candidate for the Nobel Prize in Literature, on the strength of "Memed, My Hawk".

Jönköping Concert Hall

The Jönköping Concert Hall () is a concert hall in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It was opened in September 1990.

There are two halls. They are the Hammaskjöld Hall () and the Rydberg Hall ().


Minnie Miñoso

Minnie Miñoso (Saturnino Orestes Armas "Minnie" Miñoso Arrieta, ; , November 29, 1922 – March 1, 2015), nicknamed "The Cuban Comet" and "Mr. White Sox", was a Cuban-American professional baseball player. 

He began his career in the Negro league in 1946, becoming an All-Star third baseman with the New York Cubans in 1947 and 1948. He was signed by the Cleveland Indians after the 1948 season as baseball's color line slowly fell. 

In 1949, he became the first black Cuban in the major leagues, and went on to become a seven-time All-Star. In 1951, as a rookie left fielder for the Chicago White Sox, he became the first black player in White Sox franchise history, and one of the first Latin Americans to be named to a major league All-Star team.

Miñoso was found dead in the driver's seat of a car near a gas station in Chicago at 1 am on March 1, 2015, aged 92. He died of a torn pulmonary artery caused by COPD.

Jönköping Theatre

The Jönköping Theatre () is a theatre in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It is also used for concerts. It was opened on 2 December 1904.


Supergame

The Supergame () is an annual soccer event. It is played at Nya Ullevi in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. The first game was played in 2012. It is usually played as a game between two top club teams in July-August. It is mostly an exhibition game. It is however given much attention as its played between major clubs. Draws are followed up by penelaty shootouts.


Pavel Chekov

Pavel Andreievich Chekov is a fictional character in the television and movie franchise "Star Trek". He is a navigator on the Starship "Enterprise". Chekov is played by actor Walter Koenig in "The Original Series" and by Anton Yelchin in the three "Kelvin Timeline" movies before his death in 2016.

Pavel Chekov was played by Walter Koenig in The Original Series and was an awesome actor for the roll. Chekov was born in 2245 in Pushkino, in the Russian Federation on Earth. When he was 17 he joined Starfleet Academy, hoping one day he would have command of his own starship. He eventually made it through the academy.

Checov started as an ensign on the USS Enterprise (NCC-1701)

Chekov, Pavel - » TrekipediaTrekipediahttp://old.trekipedia.com › file › chekov_pavel

Spira Culture Center

The Spira Culture Center () is a culture center in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It was opened on 11 November 2011.


Montgomery Scott

Montgomery Scott is a fictional character in the television and movie franchise "Star Trek". He one of the navigators of the Starship "Enterprise". Scotty is played by actor James Doohan and by Simon Pegg.

Leonard McCoy

Leonard McCoy is a fictional character in the television and movie franchise "Star Trek". He works as a doctor of the Starship "Enterprise". McCoy is played by actor DeForest Kelley and by Karl Urban.

Uhura

Nyota Uhura is a fictional character in the television and movie franchise "Star Trek". She works as a lieutenant of the Starship "Enterprise". Uhura is played by actress Nichelle Nichols and by Zoe Saldana.

Drottningstorp

Drottningstorp is a village in Habo Municipality, Sweden. It is located near the western shorelines of Domneådammen betwen Habo and Mullsjö. An annual country music festival called "Drottningstorps midsommardagscountry" has been held here on Midsummer Day since 2006.

Hikaru Sulu

Hikaru Sulu is a fictional character in the television and movie franchise "Star Trek". He is a lieutenant of the Starship "Enterprise". Sulu is played by actor George Takei and by John Cho.

Nichelle Nichols

Nichelle Nichols (born Grace Dell Nichols; December 28, 1932 – July 30, 2022) was an American actress, singer and voice artist. She was known for her role as Uhura in the sci-fi television series "".

In May 2018, Nichols' son, Kyle Johnson, announced that she was suffering from "severe" short-term memory loss as a complication of advanced dementia.

On July 30, 2022, Nichols died of heart failure at a hospital in Silver City, New Mexico at the age of 89. 


Khan Noonien Singh

Khan Noonien Singh, better known as Khan, is a fictional supervillain in the "Star Trek" science fiction franchise. The character first appeared in the 1967 "" episode "Space Seed". He also appeared in the 1982 movie "". In both of those, he was portrayed by Ricardo Montalbán. In the 2013 movie "Star Trek Into Darkness", he was played by Benedict Cumberbatch.

Sentinel Prime

Sentinel Prime is the name of several fictional characters in many of the "Transformers" series. First mention of Sentinel Prime was in issue #65 of the US Marvel Comics "Transformers" series, where he was mentioned to hold the Autobot Matrix of Leadership before Optimus Prime. 

Sentinel Prime is One of the members of the Dynasty of Primes and dedicated as the leader of the Autobots and has since appeared in a variety of forms as either Optimus Prime's mentor or friend. In the 2011 live action movie "", Sentinel was the main villain and was voiced by Leonard Nimoy. 


Chungking Express

Chungking Express is a 1994 drama movie made in Hong Kong. It was directed by Wong Kar-wai. The movie has two stories, one after the other. Each story is about a policeman who is unlucky in love. The main actors in the first half were Takeshi Kaneshiro and Brigitte Lin. The second half of the movie stars Tony Leung as a different policeman. Valerie Chow plays the flight attendant. The movie features the American song "California Dreamin'" and other songs by Faye Wong. The movie received good reviews.

Robbins, Illinois

Robbins is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 4,629 at the 2020 census.

Gastric bypass surgery

Gastric bypass surgery is a surgery in which the stomach is divided and the gastrointestinal tract is redirected. The surgery is performed on people who have morbid obesity or have type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure or other weight-related health problems. 

As with all surgery, problems may occur. Some people could die after having the surgery.

Gastric bypass surgery can be done using methods that make only small incisions (cuts) into the abdomen. It is one of the most difficult surgeries to perform that way. Advantages of using those methods include that patients don't have to stay in the hospital as long, they have less pain, it doesn't take as long to recover, and the scars are smaller.

Swedish Ski Association

The Swedish Ski Association () is a special sports association for skiing in Sweden. It was established in Sundsvall on 11 December 1908 as the Swedish Cross-Country Skiing Association (). It changed name in 1911. The headquarters were originally located in Stockholm. On 3 May 2001 the headquarters were relocated to the town of Falun.



Östersund Ski Stadium

The Östersund Ski Stadium () is a facility for cross-country skiing, biathlon and ski orienteering in the town of Östersund in Sweden. It was appointed national stadium for Swedish biathlon in October 2013 . Since 2007 the stadium has always snow starting on 1 November. This is because it uses leftover snow gathered by Östersund Municipality over the spring and summertime season.


Swedish Biathlon Federation

The Swedish Biathlon Federation () is a special sports association for biathlon in Sweden. It was established in 1986. It was appointed into the Swedish Sports Confederation in November 1987. It joined the Swedish Sports Confederation on 1 July 1988. Its headqarters are located in the town of Östersund.


Francisco González Ledesma

Francisco González Ledesma (March 17, 1927 – March 2, 2015) was a Spanish journalist, comic writer and novelist. He was a popular crime novelist. He wrote under the pseudonym Silver Kane. He published over 1000 novels, most of them in western novels. Ledesma was born in Barcelona, Spain.

Ledesma died in Barcelona, Spain from complications of a stroke, aged 87.


Laxmi Aggarwal

Laxmi Aggarwal (born 1 June 1990) is a leading figure for the "Stop Acid Attacks" group in India. In 2014, US First Lady Michelle Obama gave Laxmi received an International Women of Courage Award. NDTV (New Delhi Television Limited) chose her as Indian of the Year.

In 2005, when Laxmi was 16 years old, Naeem Khan threw acid on Laxmi's face because she rejected advances by him. The "Hindustan Times"newspaper wrote a story about Laxmi. She got 27,000 names on a petition. People signed the petition to show that they wanted a change in the sale of acid. She took the petition to the Indian Supreme Court. Because of the petition, the Indian Supreme Court told the central and state governments to control the sale of acid, and the Parliament to make it easier to hold a trial against a person who makes an acid attack. 

Laxmi Aggarwal is the director of Chhanv Foundation, an NGO (nongovernmental organization) that helps people who are able to keep living or succeeding in spite of acid attacks in India.


Jaden Smith

Jaden Christopher Syre Smith (born July 8, 1998) is an American actor and rapper. He is the son of actors Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith. He is also the older brother of singer Willow Smith and younger half-brother of Trey Smith. His first movie role was in the 2006 movie "The Pursuit of Happyness". He has also appeared in "The Day the Earth Stood Still" (2008) and "The Karate Kid" (2010).

He has received many awards, including a Teen Choice Award, an MTV Movie Award, a BET Award and a Young Artist Award. In 2022, Smith was nominated for the Grammy Award for Album of the Year as a featured artist on Justin Bieber's album "Justice". 

Un refugio para el amor

Un refugio para el amor ("A Shelter For Love") is a Mexican telenovela. It is produced by Televisa.

His protagonists are Zuria Vega and Gabriel Soto, as villains Laura Flores, Roberto Blandon and Jessica Coch. As main role, the first actress Zaide Silvia Gutierrez.



Digital Millennium Copyright Act

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act is a copyright law that protects copyright on the internet in the U.S.A. This Act was passed by the United States Congress in 1998.

It puts into effect two 1996 treaties of the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO). It criminalizes production and distribution of technology, devices, or services intended to circumvent (get around) measures which control access to copyrighted works. These "measures" are commonly known as digital rights management or DRM.

The WIPO Copyright Treaty is the basis of protecting copyright on the web.

Thelarche

Thelarche means the development of breasts in human females during puberty (sexual development).

Generally, the left breast is the larger of the two. 
This usually begins when girls are about 9. A lump that is a bit hard appears in each breast under the areola, which is the dark ring around the nipple. The lump in one breast may grow before the other one. This is called breast budding. Within 6-12 months, both breasts will have started growing. The swelling can be felt and seen outside the edges of the areolae. About 1 and a half to 2 years after the breasts first start growing, they are close to the shape and size of an adult woman's breasts. The nipple and areola may be on a smaller mound on each breast. This small mound usually goes away when each breast is fully grown. Breast size depends on the body's amount of fat.

It is the Tanner 2 stage of breast development (a scale used to analyze changes in people from childhood to adulthood). The first stage is the non-developed prepubescent state of breasts. Thelarche is usually the first sign of puberty. It usually occurs after age 8, and is the first evidence of puberty in 60% of women. It usually ends at age 13. However, it can sometimes happen earlier. When this happens, it can be by itself (called isolated premature thelarche). It could also be a wider pattern of precocious puberty (sexual development happening too early). 

The process is started by estradiol, the primary female sex hormone. Many young women are not prepared for thelarche, and this may result in stress. Teaching materials on breast development for elementary and middle schools has been suggested to promote breast health by reducing shame.

Gonadarche

Gonadarche refers to the first gonadal changes of puberty. The ovaries in girls and the testes in boys begin to grow and increase the production of the sex steroids.

Law of the excluded middle

The law of the excluded middle is a simple rule of logic. It states that for any proposition, there is no middle ground. Every proposition is either true or false.
For example, "Ginger is a cat" says the fact that Ginger is a cat. If it is true, then its opposite cannot also be true. If Ginger is a cat, then Ginger is not something else.
In mathematics, the law of the excluded middle is a presupposition behind the proof by contradiction. Because of that, those who reject the validity of the law of the excluded middle (for example, the intuitionists) must also reject the validity of proof by contradiction as well.


Swedish Basketball Federation

The Swedish Basketball Federation () is a special sports association for basketball in Sweden. It was established on 25 October 1952. It was established out of the Swedish Handball Federation's basketball section. The Swedish Handball Federation's basketball section had been started in 1948. Its headqarters are in Stockholm.



Finnish Ski Association

The Finnish Ski Association (, ) is a skiing governing body in Finland. It is based in the towns of Helsinki and Lahti. It is a member of FIS. It runs cross-country skiing, ski jumping and Noridc skiing. Sections for alpine skiing and freestyle skiing are instead within the Ski Sport Finland.

It was established in 1908 as "Liitto Suomen hiihtourheilun edistämiseksi". The first chairman was Lennart Munck Af Flukila. It modern name was adopted in 1931.



Pajala IF

Pajala IF is a sports club club in Pajala in Sweden. It was established in 1930. It originally played soccer. It later also adopted basketball, table tennis, soccer, floorball, ice hockey, skiing and volleyball.

The men's volleyball team played in the Swedish top division during the season of 2000-2001.


Elitserien (men's volleyball)

Elitserien () is the Swedish men's volleyball top division. It is followed up by the Swedish national championship playoff by late February-early March.

Elitserien (women's volleyball)

Elitserien () is the Swedish men's volleyball top top division. It is followed up by the Swedish national championship playoff by late February-early March.

Hjorthagens IP

Hjorthagens IP is a sports ground in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It has been used by Djurgårdens IF FF as practice ground. It has also been used by Djurgårdens IF Handikappfotbollförening as well as Värtans IK. In the wintertime is has been ice skating.

Three soccer grounds using artificial turfs were opened on 3 October 2012.

Marie McDonald

Marie McDonald (July 6, 1923 – October 21, 1965) was an American singer and actor. She was known as "The Body Beautiful" and later nicknamed "The Body". She was in many movies and television programs. In "Lucky Jordan", she played Pearl. In "Guest of the House", she played Miriam.

On January 5, 1957, a truck driver found McDonald on a highway near Indio, California. After she was rescued, a doctor found she had two cracked teeth, bruises on her face and injuries on her neck, legs and cheek. She claimed that she was kidnapped by two men. Police began doubting McDonald's story. Harry Karl, her estranged husband, also doubted the story, and claimed she was not well.

McDonald was born in Kentucky. She died from an overdose of drugs at age 42 in California.


